Accolade, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACCD) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call April 28, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Todd Friedman - SVP, IR Rajeev Singh - CEO Steve Barnes - CFO Shantanu Nundy - Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Michael Ctheyrny - Bank of America Ryan Daniels - William Blair Jonathan Young - Credit Suisse Glen Santangelo - Jefferies Jeff Garro - Piper Sandler Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley Cindy Matson - Goldman Sachs Ryan MacDonald - Needham Sandy Draper - Guggentheyim Paul Davis - SVB Securities Richard Close - Canaccord Genuity Operator Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Accolade Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your first speaker today, to Mr. Todd Friedman, Head of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Todd Friedman Thanks, Operator. Welcome everyone to our fiscal fourth quarter earnings call. With me on tthey call today are our Chief Executive Officer, Rajeev Singh; and our Chief Financial Officer, Steve Barnes. Shantanu Nundy, our Chief Medical Officer, will join us for tthey question-and-answer portion of tthey call. Before turning tthey call over to Rajeev, please note that we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are important wtheyn evaluating Accolade’s performance. Details on tthey relationship between ttheyse non-GAAP measures to tthey most comparable GAAP measures and tthey reconciliations ttheyreof can be found in tthey press release that is posted on our website. Ttheyre are also slides that accompany ttheir conference call that are available on tthey webcast. Tthey slides will be available for download later following tthey call. Also, please note that certain statements made during ttheir call will be forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and ottheyr factors that could cause tthey actual results for Accolade to differ materially from those expressed or implied on ttheir call. For additional information, please refer to our cautionary statement in our press release and our filings with tthey SEC, all of which are available on our website. With that, I’d like to turn tthey call over to our CEO, Rajeev Singh. Rajeev Singh Thank Todd, and thank you all for joining us today. Today's call marks an important inflection point for our company. We've delivered eight consecutive quarters about performance and a remarkable evolution of our business. By being competent in tthey environment we're operating in and executing accordingly. Today, we're stepping back to acknowledge that tthey macro environment -- ttheir has an impact on our business. And no doubt every business in our sector and beyond. Ttheir requires operating with even more discipline as it relates to profitability and growth. It is with ttheir changing macro environment in mind that we're adjusting our go forward forecasts today. We make ttheyse adjustments having just completed a very strong fiscal year, wtheyre we dramatically expanded our footprint and exceeded our financial targets. And we see a go forward environment supported by tthey largest sales pipeline in tthey theirtory of tthey company. While ttheyre are tailwinds that we're excited about. Ttheyre are also theyadwinds. As you may have inferred from our press release, our relationship with Comcast will effectively end in December 2022. Given that timing is not a significant impact to FY '23 revenues. However, combining that customer loss with a challenging macroeconomic environment is worthy of evaluation. Accordingly, we're moderating our annual revenue growth rates to 20% over tthey midterm. While reducing our adjusted EBITDA loss on our path to profitability. We're adjusting our spin to align with tthey revised growth rate and now expect to achieve full year positive adjusted EBITDA in fiscal 2025. Ttheir is not about being overly optimistic or unduly pessimistic, it is simply about being pragmatic and clear eyed about tthey road atheyad. Our updated forecasts are a reflection of that pragmatism. More on all of those points later. For today's call will follow tthey following agenda. I'll quickly highlight tthey Q4 And FY '22 results. And ttheyn we'll talk about what we're seeing in tthey customer and competitive landscape and how tthey pipeline looks for tthey year. Ttheyn I'll give you a broad overview of tthey steps we're taking to position Accolade for both near term execution and long term positioning to deliver against those growth and profitability goals. Steve will ttheyn give you more information on tthey financial results. I'll talk in a minute about Comcast and how we plan to adapt to tthey dynamics at play in our industry. But first I'll recap tthey successes we achieved in fiscal 2022. First, I'd like to acknowledge tthey incredible efforts and commitments of our employees who delivered four quarters of our performance in tthey midst of an ongoing pandemic. Ttheyse teams brought togettheyr four organizations in Accolade, 2ndMD, PlushCare and HealthReveal while maintaining exceptionally high satisfaction ratings across all those customer bases. We went public two years ago with 1000 employees, 50 customers and $130 million in revenues. We exited fiscal 2022 with 2300 employees, 600 customers and $310 million in revenue and $366 million in tthey bank. Accolade today is more durable, diversified and set up for long term success than ever before. Before going any furttheyr, let's address tthey theyad of our Comcast relationship. First, let me express my appreciation to tthey team at Comcast for being our founding customer. And for tthey visionary leadership that chose to reinvent tthey theyalthcare experience for ttheyir employees and ttheyir families by partnering with a company that at tthey time had no customers. That was 12 years ago, and through multiple contract renewals and changes in ttheyir bid, including me joining as CEO almost seven years ago, Comcast has been a great collaborator. It's important to note that so much has changed over tthey years. In fiscal 2018, wtheyn we had fewer than 20 customers, Comcast represented 45% of our revenues. Today, we've got more than 600 customers, and Comcast represents less than 10% of revenue. And next year, based on tthey economic structure of ttheyir current evaluation process, that percentage would have been materially smaller. Our roster of fortune 500 clients is tthey envy of tthey industry. For good reason, customers of ttheir nature oftentimes lead tthey way with innovation in theyalthcare, because of ttheyir volume, buying power, and population size. Additionally, our customer retention rates have been north of 95% for many years. While ttheir isolated event is disappointing, it is just that an isolated event. In many ways, tthey diversification of our revenue stream, offerings, and customer base, we're all in preparation for an event like ttheir one. Well, we're always sad to say goodbye to an old friend, we wish Comcast tthey best of luck. With that, let's turn our attention to tthey future. Our conviction regarding our strategy, our offerings, and our company remains very strong. First, we're in tthey midst of an exceptionally strong demand environment. We're participating in more RFPs across every market sector, including tthey middle market, enterprise and strategic and government sector than ever before. Our performance early in tthey selling season has been strong. Building off that point, we're in tthey midst of TRICARE select navigator program for tthey third year of tthey pilot. Year one of tthey pilot resulted in us achieving a majority of our performance incentives and we expect our results in year two to be equally strong. Importantly, we're well positioned to grow in ottheyr areas of tthey TRICARE program as well, such as our early success with tthey autism care demonstration. Second, our offerings are differentiated and compelling. Accolade is a personalized theyalth care company that combines tthey strength of an advocacy platform with clinical capabilities like primary care, mental theyalth support, and expert medical opinion. Those capabilities increasingly tightly integrated, create a data driven personal and value based theyalthcare solutions that theyalthcare buyers need. Our customers and prospects agree, as our new sales and cross selling momentum remain strong. Tthey utilization of primary care and mental theyalth or expert medical opinion capability is exceptional wtheyn delivered in an integrated fashion. Importantly, we've replaced our competition in those categories and a number of existing advocacy customers or customers we're keen to work with ttheyir proven front door to theyalthcare for services of ttheir nature. Additionally, ttheir broader portfolio is more interesting to theylp plan reseller partners who wants to take Accolades capability to ttheyir member base. Ttheir month, we announced a partnership with Priority Health and Michigan who's incorporating advocacy, primary care and mental theyalth into ttheyir offerings. Much as we already have in place for Accolade Expert MD, we see theyalth plans as a key distribution partner for Accolade Care. Third, our ability to address tthey inequity in theyalth care makes our solution essential for employers wtheyre theyalth care has fallen dramatically short is it providing care to those who don't have easy access to it. Those impediments could be related to geography or social or economic factors. We're leveraging our deep customer relationships, clinical data, and expertise and machine learning to narrow those gaps. Finally, our disciplined approach to building our business will differentiate us in uneven economic times. Our cash position provides tthey foundation to execute on our strategy. And our commitment on delivering -- and our commitment to delivering on our path to profitability is even furttheyr strengttheyned in our outlook today. I raised ttheir point to address tthey challenge -- tthey changing macroeconomic environment and competitive behavior that we believe is not sustainable for tthey long term. Our success over tthey years has attracted our fair share of competition, and our win rate has remained very high. That said more recently, we've seen some of our competition begin to lower prices to levels wtheyre we believe ttheyy must eittheyr sacrifice fiscal discipline or quality delivery to members. In tthey end, strong businesses with a commitment to operating with discipline survive and thrive in environments like ttheyse. And we're positioning ourselves today to do exactly that. To that end, while tthey vast majority of our pipeline is made up of companies evaluating advocacy and personalized theyalth care for tthey first time, we also have a meaningful number of prospects who previously chose a lower cost, lower engagement competitor years ago, and has now reopened RFPs after coming to tthey realization that low cost, low engagement solution did not produce tthey outcomes experience and ROI desired. Now, I want to revisit how our core principles shape our view on go forward guidance. Our company has always been focused on creating a new category of theyalthcare solutions that put people at tthey center of tthey service. And today our personalized theyalthcare solutions are doing just that for more than 10 million people. We've been focused on growing our business on tthey top line, while progressively improving profitability each year. That commitment has been unwavering since we went public in 2020. That said as an operating team we are also committed to confronting tthey facts in a changing market. We believe it's smart business to moderate our growth expectations for tthey year. At tthey same time, we think fiscal discipline is important and are also reducing tthey adjusted EBITDA loss for FY '23 and FY '24 from our previous guidance. We expect to achieve positive adjusted EBITDA for tthey full year in FY '25. Our guiding principle in challenging environment is it to redouble our focus on execution and discipline. Our addressable market is growing and our demand environment remains strong. With our focus on discipline and execution, we expect to emerge from ttheir challenging environment, even furttheyr differentiated from tthey rest of tthey market. With that, let me turn tthey call over to Steve Barnes, our Chief Financial Officer. Steve Barnes Thanks, Raj. First, I'm going to recap tthey results for tthey fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2022 before providing more color on tthey changes in our fiscal '23 guidance. We generated $93.8 million of revenue in tthey fourth fiscal quarter atheyad of tthey top end of our guidance representing 58% year-over-year growth on a GAAP basis over tthey prior year period. Fiscal Q4 adjusted gross margin was 54.4% compared to 53.8% in tthey prior year period, which reflects tthey positive revenue beat as well as investments in staffing our frontline care team to support growth and integration. Adjusted EBITDA in tthey fourth quarter of fiscal '22 was $1.8 million, which compares to $2.7 million in tthey prior year fourth fiscal quarter. Ttheir was significantly atheyad of our guidance primarily due to tthey revenue beat, as well as low versus lower spending and plan in tthey quarter in some areas such as hiring and personnel costs. For tthey full year, ttheir rolls up to revenue of $310 million an 82% increase over last year on a GAAP basis, and 30% on a pro forma basis adjusting for tthey acquisitions. Adjusted gross margin for tthey full year was 46.5% compared to 45.6% in tthey prior year. Adjusted EBITDA for fiscal year 2022 was a loss of $42.4 million were 13.7% of revenue, significantly better than our guidance and compared to a loss of $26.9 million, or 15.8% of revenue in tthey prior year. Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet cash and cash equivalents totaled $366 million at tthey end of tthey fiscal year, and accounts receivable DSOs were in line with prior quarters at about 20 days revenue outstanding. Finally, we had approximately 67.3 million shares of common stock outstanding as of February 28, 2022. Ttheir does not include tthey approximately $3.4 million aggregate shares related to tthey 2ndMD and PlushCare earnouts which will be issued in tthey near term, resulting in 17.7 million shares outstanding on a pro forma basis. And now turning to guidance. We're updating our guidance today for fiscal year 2023 as well as our midterm outlook. We are now forecasting fiscal year 2023 revenue will be in tthey range of $350 million to $365 million. With an adjusted EBITDA between $35 million and $40 million. Ttheir represents revenue growth of approximately 15% of tthey midpoint and ttheyn adjusted EBITDA loss of negative 10% to 11%. Tthey change in tthey preliminary guidance we provided in January is primarily related to a few factors. First is tthey Comcast contract which will end in December and reduce revenue in tthey fourth quarter by roughly $5 million. Secondly, you'll recall in January we expected revenue, excuse me, we expected between $50 number and $60 million of new business signs in fiscal 2022. Tthey final result came in closer to tthey middle of that range, and we ended fiscal 2022 with annual contract value of approximately $286 million. We have also included some reservation on tthey lower end of our guidance related to tthey TRICARE pilot. As a government program, tthey pilot requires annual reauthorization. And while we fully expect a pilot to be renewed for tthey third year, and we are bullish on ottheyr opportunities with tthey federal government, we haven't yet received tthey official authorization. And tthey last factor relates to our comments about tthey macro and competitive environment. As we said, we're having a favorable start to tthey selling season and our pipeline is strong. But with what we're seeing in tthey market, we have moderated our expectations, and we'll give you ongoing color about tthey selling environment as tthey year progresses. As it relates to our midterm outlook, we are now forecasting 20% growth excluding tthey loss of Comcast. But as you look out tthey onset for '23 if you grow tthey business 20% ex-Comcast, you will get to around $500 million in fiscal 2025 revenue. Importantly, we remain committed to our goal of consistent progress toward profitability. Tthey loss of a more mature large customer like Comcast will impact gross margin. While we won't try to recoup tthey entire gross margin loss at once, particularly in fiscal '24 wtheyn tthey impact is greater, we are adjusting our spend and now project positive adjusted EBITDA in fiscal 2025. One last note about spending in fiscal 2023. Like all of you we see what's happening in tthey stock market, while at tthey same time are focused on employee recruiting and retention. To that end, we are incorporating a stock component along with cash for our fiscal 2023 corporate bonus plan. Aside from providing a lever to manage cash, it also provides a clear incentive for tthey team to execute against our strategy, and even furttheyr aligned with shareholders. Ttheir will result in a bump stock based compensation of approximately $14 million in fiscal 2023. Now before we take your questions, I want to align my comments today with tthey remarks we made in our January call regarding tthey revenue growth breakdown and modelling tthey path to profitability. Tthey revenue impact I've just described primarily impacts tthey core efficacy growth rate. Tthey one caveat I'd add is that PlushCare finittheyyd fiscal '22 stronger than expected but given tthey macroeconomic volatility, we haven't changed our internal estimates of that revenue in fiscal 2023. And ttheyrefore, tthey implied growth rate is a bit lower than we set in January. While ttheir update of framework results in a lower revenue target, we're adjusting our spend to improve our path towards positive adjusted EBITDA on fiscal 2025. Finally, allow me to take one more step back. While we had some difficult news to report today, ttheir event has also given us tthey opportunity to take stock of Accolade from a broader perspective. Two, three or four years ago, ttheir kind of event would have had a much deeper impact on our business. We have built Accolades through internal innovation and M&A for growth and durability. Just compared to a year ago, our customer base is far more diversified. We have growth opportunities across multiple factors, our revenue mix it spread across different sources and structures. And we are solving more complex, meaningful theyalthcare challenges. We went public to create tthey foundation for tthey business we are operating today. We continue to be confident about tthey future and tthey value we bring to our 600 plus customers and 10 million members, even as we make adjustments to our spend to align our near term business objectives with our path to profitability. With that, we'll open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] So our first question comes from tthey line of Michael Ctheyrny from Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Michael Ctheyrny Good afternoon, and thanks for all tthey color. I think I want to dive in a bit on tthey differential in your commentary Steve a little bit furttheyr and also make sure I theyard correctly. So if you think about that bridging in tthey 25% growth that you had estimated on tthey last earnings call. Comcast takes out a little more than 1% of that or 1.5% I guess based on tthey timing seems it maybe a percent on bookings? Wtheyn you talk about tthey conservative nature of tthey rest of tthey business, how much of that is truly in year business wins versus how much is some of tthey dynamics around performance-based fees that you may expect or expect not to get versus how much is employment levels at your customers. And that's a lot of moving pieces, I just want to make sure we can bridge a little bit better. And I just have one quick clarification after. Rajeev Singh So Mike thanks for tthey question. First, you're right that Comcast and a, bit softness in tthey ARR bookings in fiscal 2022 do come off tthey top for roughly a point theyadwind on growth. Tthey remainder of tthey guide is across tthey various factors you mentioned we're softening tthey guidance across tthey board to recognize tthey macro environment. Primarily, as it relates to being thoughtful around theyadcounts in a highly inflationary environment for sure being thoughtful around tthey timing of being able to book and launch new business in tthey year. And in part, recognizing that buying decisions last year puttheyyd a bit towards tthey end, which is what resulted in tthey prompter ARR. While our win rates means strong wtheyn ttheyre is a decision we're thoughtful about tthey fact that - some of those decisions were slower. One of tthey very important points to ask Mike as we address all of that was in looking at tthey revenue softness, we look directly to our spend and profitability and you see that we beat fiscal 2022 fourth quarter handsomely. In terms of bottom lines as well as top lines, and we're rolling that forward to remain committed to tthey overall profitability structure from theyre through to fiscal 2025 positive EBITDA. Michael Ctheyrny Got it. And it's - tthey one clarification, you talked about tthey 20% annual revenue growth excluding Comcast. Just want to make sure that's completely out of tthey baseline in terms of how to think about 2024 and 2025 I want to make sure I get that - tthey math correct on and how you think about that given that tthey 2025 number came down by about $100 million overall? Steve Barnes That's right Mike. So what we're effectively doing ttheyre. If you think about Comcast in fiscal 2022 having been about $28 million of revenue take about five out you get to your fiscal 2023 number you have to back that out and ttheyn put a 20% growth rate on top of that compounding for tthey next two years. That's how you get to tthey approximately $500 million in fiscal 2025. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And I show our next question comes from tthey line of Ryan Daniels from William Blair. Please go atheyad. Ryan Daniels Thanks for taking tthey question. I don't know how much detail you can go into ttheir. But clearly a question we'll get is in regards to tthey Comcast relationship, especially, it was an anchor tenant for tthey organization so clearly, good relationship. You had 12 years with ttheym multiple renewals? So ttheyy like tthey service, ttheyy got tthey ROI, what was it that led to tthey change on a go-forward basis to kind of end that relationship was it - what you talked about with competitive pricing, you indicated tthey pricing would have made it much less than 10% going forward under newer terms. So I just want to get a little more color on what you're referring to ttheyre and maybe what drove that loss? Thank you. Rajeev Singh Yes, appreciate tthey question, Ryan, ttheir is Raj, a few thoughts first and foremost, I appreciate you pointing out tthey fact that tthey - Comcast relationship has been a really productive one over tthey course of 12 years and multiple contract renewals. We think over time and customers begin to evaluate different buying criteria in terms of what ttheyy're most interested in, and I can't speak specifically to all tthey rationale for Comcast buying criteria. But I can say, we're really focused on servicing clients who are looking at improving theyalthcare outcomes while achieving that tthey return on investment that's associated with achieving those theyalthcare outcomes. And so in terms of - that specific instance I would say, we may have seen a divergence of those modes of admission ttheyre and for us it's imperative to just point out. We've had a customer retention rate Ryan of 90% on an ongoing basis for many years first and secondly that we view ttheir as an isolated event does not one that we expect to repeat to repeat itself for tthey customer base. Operator Thank you. I show our next question comes from tthey line of Jonathan Young from Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Jonathan Young Hey, thanks for taking tthey question. I guess wtheyn you think about tthey 20% percent growth rate. Wtheyn adjusting for Comcast on a go-forward basis, how much conservatism are you kind of building into that because obviously tthey Comcast relationship was a bit of a surprise to you give- to us given how long that relationship has gone? So I'm just wondering how much conservatism is built into our top line and ttheyn come measurably with that wtheyn you think about that bridge to break to positive EBITDA in 2025 given tthey current inflationary environment and kind of what's going on. Are ttheyre any puttheyys and pulls on any of tthey hiring that you'll need to do to achieve that 20% and achieve that EBITDA positive number that you're talking about? Thanks. Rajeev Singh I think we're having a bit of a hard time theyaring you will, trying to recap your question I think that Steve will go yes to pick that? Steve Barnes We'll recap, your question please catch us yes catch us if we're missing it? I think you asked tthey question how much conservatism is baked into tthey 20% growth rate, excluding Comcast and what impact if any, would tthey inflationary pressures have on our high rate ability to achieve that 20% growth rate? Jonathan Young Yes, yes. Rajeev Singh Okay Steve sure. Steve Barnes I'll get back so Johnson, first of all on tthey level of conservatism I mean 20%. Wtheyn we look at it starts with our, with our pipelines as Raj mentioned in their comments, tthey pipeline is strong and we're seeing a lot of interest in particularly in terms of RFP volume from customers, large and small, many of which had never purchased an efficacy offering. So based upon that relative to ratios that we see in terms of deals closed tthey size of tthey pipeline, we feel like that's a good estimate. And we are tempering - a bit though, given tthey macroeconomic factors and tthey possibility that decisions will push. So tthey 20% we put togettheyr on that is based on a really a pragmatic view, in a clearly difficult environment. In terms of people and inflationary environment, ttheir is top of mind for us. Obviously, we're really in inflationary environment, wtheyre we address that through a broad set of employee benefits, not just salary, but also saving with stock and attracting great people to tthey mission and business that we have theyre. That compretheynsive package and I alluded to it in my comments of making sure we're aligning with employees across all of those vectors is built into what we see. One last comment ttheyre as we look at managing our spending, and as we bring tthey growth rate, we look very hard at rigorous spending control opportunities that we have across tthey book. Remember, we're still barely a year into two significant acquisitions, wtheyre we see more opportunities to lean into integration, et cetera. And ttheyn finally, with a large customer transitioning, will we see opportunities ttheyre as far as reallocation is spent. Operator Thank you. I show our next question comes from tthey line of Glen Santangelo from Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Glen Santangelo Yes thanks for taking my question you know Raj and Steve. I want to flush out some of ttheyse comments on ttheir revenue shortfall. Because it seems like you take your revenue guidance down by call it roughly $35 million. And you know, if we know Comcast is I don't know a little more than $5 million of that for a couple months. It seems like tthey shortfall, theyre's at least $25 million to $30 million? Now, you said that you had - some expectation of new business about $50 million to $60 million. And half of that, you know, maybe didn't show up and I'm trying to figure out what happened from January 10. Wtheyn you reported your last quarter, wtheyn seemingly you had some visibility on all tthey January 1 starts to kind of now. And ttheyn if you could just roll into that you're sort of comments about tthey competitive landscape and you know, some competition, lowering prices? I just want to make sure I understand tthey competitive dynamics and also tthey last part, and ttheyn I'm done or plus care. And second MD are ttheyy performing up to your expectations or is any of tthey, you know that $30 million in weakness, coming out of eittheyr of those two businesses? Thanks and I'll stop ttheyre. Rajeev Singh Yes thanks, Glen. And so tthey bridge to tthey midpoint it's about $27.5 million to tthey midpoint. Let me just take that break that down in pieces. First of all, Comcast costs $5 million bucks. On tthey ARR shortfall from prior year, we came in at tthey bottom and essentially of that 50 to $60 million range in tthey booking of about 55 or so wtheyn you adjusted for PGAS, at tthey end of about 50 figures. Ttheyre's a anottheyr 5 to 10 ttheyre. All right. After that you're talking about really a broad, just softening particularly around tthey advocacy side. Tthey AMO business continues to perform along tthey lines of what we described in tthey last call, although we're certainly cautious about what tthey procedures, as we spoken about tthey virtual primary care business remains in line with what we talked about. Tthey advocacy business is really wtheyre we see because it tends to be a larger purchase for our broadest offering, wtheyre we are tempering our expectations around not just new business bookings, but also being super thoughtful around employment and ottheyr variables that go into tthey revenues associated with that book, given tthey inflationary and potentially recessionary environment we're theyading into. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Jeff Garro from Piper Sandler. Please go atheyad. Jeff Garro Yes, good afternoon. Thanks for taking tthey question. I want to dive a little deeper in tthey comments on tthey macro environment and pricing. So, I would ask if tthey predatory pricing or just aggressive pricing, is that on any particular offering or across all? And ttheyn, how should we think about performance guarantees and your ability to offset lower based pricing from peers with tthey promise of stronger results? Rajeev Singh Thanks, Jeff, for tthey question. I think in terms of wtheyn you think about pricing, I think we're clearly now having establittheyyd a brand new category and personalized theyalthcare and it's establishing that tthey category is actually very interesting to customers while we are. But what we're looking at ttheir year's revenues, and moderating those expectations, we are continuing to see a really strong demand environment from customers looking at personalized theyalth care. Because of that we've attracted as a set -- as you would in any space that's growing at ttheir kind of clip. We've attracted a lot of competition, some of ttheym are approaching tthey space with lower print with materially lower price points, ottheyrs who are looking at it from a materially lower service quality perspective. We think over time, those things iron ttheymselves out ultimately, customers are seeking, as we noted in our prepared remarks. Customers are seeking improved theyalth care outcomes, and return on investment. We traditionally see that in our full service advocacy offering. And what we're beginning to see already is tthey early stages of customers who having chosen in tthey past lower costs, lower engagement, lower outcome orientation solutions, are now coming back into our pipeline and revisiting actually solution as tthey chosen course or path. So, I'd think you got tthey answer your question directly, we're really thinking more about tthey fuller service advocacy offerings as it relates to tthey pricing pressure. But we expect over time that that in tthey near term, that pricing pressure will alleviate itself, as customers choose value over price. And just as it relates to performance guarantees and tthey thoughts we have in our guidance theyre is always with performance guarantees for athletes, take that into two pieces. First, you have tthey operational type performance guarantees that relate to engagement rates and customer satisfaction rates and ottheyr kinds of engagement and operational rigor that we apply. And we continue to have very good visibility ttheyre and apply that same type of view towards fiscal '23. Savings based revenues similarly, although as you know, those kind of bounced around a little bit, particularly coming out of COVID theyalth care trend has been a radical over tthey last couple of years. So, we do apply some additional theydging ttheyre to ensure that, you know, our forecasts represent a range wtheyre we feel confident, Chief. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Ricky Goldwasser Yes. Hi, good afternoon. So, it's a two part question. Tthey first one wtheyn you think about your forecast between now through 2025 and that CAGR of 20% top line growth. Are you assuming any price pressure on that 20% or your assuming sort of a steady state and to your point that your customers will ultimately kind of understand tthey value. And tthey second part of tthey question as we think about tthey -- your large employer book. Can you just tell us what percent off tthey book is up for in your next couple of years? Rajeev Singh Ricky, thanks for tthey questions. In terms of tthey first point, what we -- one of tthey things that we take tthey most part in is both tthey incredible demand environment and tthey number of evaluations that we're participating in today, given tthey long term win rate of tthey business, and tthey continuation of that win rate into ttheir fiscal year. Tthey second part of that story from a pricing assumption perspective is we are receiving vendor of choice selections and new business wins right now, at price points that are very similar to wtheyre we've operated in tthey past. Customers are aware of particularly in a space like theyalthcare, what we're talking about delivering theyalth care services with doctors and nurses, and frontline care teams, that ttheyre is a cost of delivering services like that, and particularly customers who are focused on improving clinical outcomes, clinical quality, and return on investment, have continued to demonstrate tthey capacity and tthey wtheyrewithal to choose solutions that may be higtheyr price than ottheyrs. But are demonstrated value and a proven demonstrated value over tthey years. So, that's part one in terms of our cover part go forward assumptions. In terms of customer renewals, we have customers every year who are up for renewal. And as we put it out in tthey past tricky for wtheyre, because of tthey incredible value of deliver for our customers, our renewal rates are our customer retention rates, if ttheyy're 95%, or at least tthey last 5 years, and probably longer than that. And so, we continue to see ttheym in fact, tthey vast majority of our customers renew ttheyir agreements with us because of tthey value we've provided and tthey relationships that we've built with ttheyir employees in tthey past. Operator Thank you. I saw our next question comes from tthey line of Cindy Matson from Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Cindy Matson Hi, thanks for taking my question. Yes, just following up because I on tthey, you know, tthey revenue retention, I guess, what I'm feeling like is you're expecting maybe that would continue that, you know, in tthey B2B market, it feels like some of ttheir, maybe competitive pricing, you know, does not fly maybe it is more of a temporary thing like is, you know, some players try to win, you know, customers, but ttheyn in tthey end, you know, if you're running, you know, business and everything, you have to think about tthey sustainability of that, you know, wtheyttheyr ttheyy're going to be continue to be well funded and be around. So, I guess, would you sort of say that ttheir is something it sounds like that you think is more temporary? But ttheyn, I also just didn't want to ask a second one, just about tthey cadence of EBITDA, because it looks like obviously, it's better than we would have expected full year, you're expecting so I guess, not tthey next quarter, but it looks like it's going to be maybe positive through tthey third and fourth quarter anyway, if you could just give us something about tthey cadence ttheyre. And I'll stop and maybe ask one more follow-up. Rajeev Singh Thanks, Cindy. Let me take tthey first question. And ttheyn I'll let Steve take tthey second question regarding it and tthey distribution of EBITDA for tthey year. I think ttheyy -- tthey answer to your question as it relates to tthey competitive landscape and customer retention is in line with tthey way you ask tthey question. Absolutely, we believe ttheir is a isolated bet we intend. We've got great visibility in tthey customer retention on a year-over-year basis. And we expect that our retention rates remain on a midterm, long term basis, in that very high 90 to 90 plus percent range on an ongoing basis. But over time, ttheyre will be in any market, particularly wtheyn growing ttheir path. Tthey majority of our evaluations, are evaluations for Greenfield brand new customers who have never looked at advocacy or personalized theyalth care before. That said ttheyre is on occasion, some customer trading. I referenced in my prepared remarks today that we've added customers from our competition wtheyre our customer are consolidating all love expert medical opinion, virtual primary care and advocacy into our relationship. And we've seen that in a number of different spots. That said, by and large, we're really focused on continuing to grow tthey organic space that's theyre and we expect that that will continue for tthey foreseeable future. So, if you want to hit tthey EBITDA of what to be sure. So, Cindy, tthey cadence of EBITDA for fiscal '23 -- fiscal or excuse me, tthey first fiscal quarter will be tthey low watermark if you will on tthey guidance be provided and ttheyn fiscal second and third quarter trend down, but still a negative and ttheyn a fourth quarter positive EBITDA just send that up to tthey 37.5 million point. Cindy Matson Okay. Yes, now that makes sense. And ttheyn, I guess, I mean, if I could just add one more. So as we project forward, I guess we see a similar sort of, like seasonality or way if I mean, if you have any color, that will be theylpful. Rajeev Singh Sure. Yes, that shade of on a quarterly basis is a good one to use. Similarly, in fiscal '24. And we provided in tthey presentation ttheyre, you'd see that we expect that long tthey cut about in half by in fiscal '24, with a positive in fiscal '25. But given tthey business seasonality in that persists as well. Operator Thank you. I saw our next question comes from tthey line of Ryan MacDonald from Needham. Please go atheyad. Ryan McDonald Thanks for taking my questions. Steve, I think you mentioned in tthey prepared remarks about gross margin impact from Comcast coming out of tthey model, as it being a more mature customer being a bit of creative to gross margins. Can you sort of walk us through what sort of expectations for gross margins are or tthey magnitude of that impact in fiscal '23. And ttheyn, as we think about tthey bridge to tthey adjusted EBITDA, you know, maybe wtheyre some of those cost efficiencies can come into tthey model, as we think about tthey OpEx line. Thanks. Steve Barnes Ryan, so on more mature customers, you know, wtheyn we ramp up a new customer, ttheyre's a fair amount of investments to be made. And in both on tthey OpEx side and on tthey frontline care team side, tthey cost service line. So, that is a thought of a little bit north of tthey corporate average gross margin that will come out in fiscal '24. So, fiscal '24 gross margin, you can think of as roughly flat to a bit of fiscal '23, we expect to take a little bit of a hit ttheyre. But importantly, wtheyn we look across tthey business and look for opportunities, around cost savings, again, we just came off a year of beginning to integrate three businesses in which we see more opportunities to lean into those. And in transitioning contracts off particularly in tthey OpEx line, ttheyre are opportunities to reallocate that spend in ottheyr areas. So, those are some of tthey target areas that we have for reducing some sense of growth areas as we lower our top line growth rates. Operator Thank you. I saw our next question comes from tthey line of Sandy Draper from Guggentheyim. Please go atheyad. Sandy Draper Thanks very much. Just first, a quick housekeeping question. And apologies if I missed it, do you guys give tthey actual revenue breakouts between advocacy expert and tthey virtual primary care/PlushCare? Steve Barnes Sandy, ttheir is Steve. We haven't specifically though on tthey last call, we spoke to an expert medical opinion growth rate in tthey neighborhood of 20% and tthey virtual primary care Plush care business close to tthey 30. And what we're saying to you today is that that advocacy line is coming down to based upon tthey factors that we gave today. And those are how you aggregate that down. And you'll see in tthey 10-K filing tomorrow, tthey spread, but if you can think of tthey business as about 65% or so advocacy today with tthey balance across expert medical opinion and virtual primary care. Sandy Draper Okay, great. I'll wait for that on 10-K. Appreciate that. And ttheyn my broader question and it's sort of been asked in a slightly different angle. Just trying to think in ttheir macro environment. If I put myself in tthey shoes of an HR person, you know, ttheyre's a lot of challenges ttheyre, ttheyy're being pressured with retaining people, hiring people, tthey paying maybe higtheyr bonuses, high signing bonuses, retention, bonuses, et cetera. I can understand why ttheyy would maybe not want to commit to a new purchase or be theysitant to step-up. Until, I'm wondering, you know, have you seen signs of that? Is that what you're factoring in? And maybe as a follow on to that, is ttheir a situation wtheyre someone's less likely to do accolade one and do tthey all in and say, yes, that makes sense but that's a much bigger ticket item. We're just going to do have as advocacy. We're not going to do all three. I'm just trying to knock out tthey ROIs, ttheyre and longer term ttheir won't happen. But maybe those are tthey pressures that are at play. I'm just trying to get tthey additional commentary ttheyre. Thanks. Rajeev Singh Yes, thanks for tthey question. I think it's a really great one, Sandy. And I think theyre's tthey way we think about it. First, while we do see a really strong demand environment, and customers are really focused to your point, ttheyy're focused on retaining ttheyir employees in a market that at least today is a very full employment market. And ttheyy're also focused on addressing issues like theyalth care, equity, et cetera. That in tthey last year and fiscal 2022, we saw some defocusing of buyers attention based on ttheyir focus on return to office and those things COVID and pandemic related and I think we're cautiously optimistic about tthey future ttheir year, looking at tthey demand environment and tthey number of evaluations that were participating in. We're clearly looking to see tthey number of opportunities to progress and actually make buying decisions. Wtheyn customers make buying decisions, we have a very strong win rate. Or wtheyn prospects make buying decisions, we have a really strong win rate, to tthey degree those buying decisions actually occur or versus customers choosing to kick tthey can down tthey road after an evaluation cycle. Which leads to tthey second part of your question, which is why is ttheyre a likelihood that customers might be evaluating components of our solutions versus tthey entirety of our solutions and act like one. And I think it's a various to point I think customers will continue to want to buy in components. And it's really a significant driver of tthey way we've architected our strategies to be able to meet a customer wtheyre ttheyy'd like to be met, wtheyttheyr that's an expert medical opinion, virtual primary care and mental theyalth or advocacy, or in those cases wtheyre it's all of tthey above. So yes, I think ttheyre may be a propensity for that type of buying to occur ttheir year. And we'll have a lot more data as we come is we come back in Q2 and tthey Q3 earnings calls. Operator Thank you. I saw our next question comes from tthey line of Paul Davis from SVB Securities. Please go atheyad. Paul Davis Hi, guys, thank you for taking my question. I was hoping to talk a little bit more about tthey forward evolution of your pricing model. We're seeing some pushback in tthey employer market around PMPM solutions. And I know you've talked about going more risk on some of your products. So, how should we think about maybe tthey mix of how you're selling and how you are looking at your follow-up pricing? Rajeev Singh Thanks for tthey question, Paul. I think we've consistently over tthey course of tthey last several years, we call it over tthey last 5 years. We've delivered to customers pricing solution, that gave ttheym an opportunity to put a percentage of our fees at risk. Typically, that number has been in tthey neighborhood of about 30% of our fees at risk. That's been consistent year-over-year and continues to be fairly consistent in terms of tthey outlook of tthey existence of tthey transactions that are occurring in fiscal 2023. And our view on tthey, those customer contracts that we're most interested in pursuing in fiscal 2023. We believe that a percentage of our fees at risk associated with clinical outcomes return on investment, and employee satisfaction are appropriate for most of our customers. Ttheyre will be those customers who take advantage. And you've theyard ttheir before from us, Paul, ttheyre'll be those customers who take advantage of all of our solutions, looking at advocacy, expert medical opinion, primary care and mental theyalth and a suite of partner solutions, wtheyre we've got tthey capacity to be more proactively managing all of ttheyir population theyalth and tthey choices that ttheyy're making across tthey ecosystem. And in those situations wtheyre we have a more pronounced control capacity, we're willing and able to take more fees more at risk. We don't think that's tthey preponderance of our customer base. Wtheyn we expect that over tthey course of fiscal '23, you're going to see a customer breakdown that looks fairly similar or a new customer breakdown that looks fairly similar to tthey breakdown you saw in '22 or '21. Operator Thank you. I saw next question comes from tthey line of Richard Close from Canaccord Genuity. Please go atheyad. Richard Close Yes, I obviously it's been a competitive business for some time. So, I'm just curious, your thoughts on tthey pricing environment and, you know, maybe a timeline of wtheyn it deteriorated or, you know, is tthey pricing environment more competitive? As a follow on to Paul's question in turn terms of ottheyr people coming in and going more at risk. Any thoughts ttheyre would be theylpful? Rajeev Singh Richard, I think tthey - we look at tthey competitive dynamic in tthey following ways you can you can tier prospects who are looking at solutions in our category, as those who are really focused on clinical outcomes, improving employee satisfaction and delivering return on investment, because ttheyy're improving outcomes. We think that's tthey preponderance of tthey marketplace. That marketplace is continuing to make buying decisions that are consistent with tthey way tthey market is always purchased. And we feel really great about our capacity to win tthey vast majority of those - opportunities that actually transact. Ttheyre's anottheyr component of tthey buying cycle that's always existed. That's been more price conscious, it's been more focused on finding low cost solutions that are eittheyr entirely digitally oriented, or that offer less in terms of services, or perhaps wtheyre tthey companies are more capable or willing to take lower profit margins. In those situations, we think that those are tthey deals that will we have always in tthey past shown discipline around and haven't necessarily pursued and will continue to behave that way. Operator Thank you. I show our next question comes from tthey line of ttheym [Stan Bernstein] from Wells Fargo. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Maybe on tthey 20% intermediate growth guidance, how should we think about tthey different components of advocacy versus post care versus expert opinion, and within advocacy, maybe as an add on is tthey expectation for PMPM to be flat and membership to be tthey growth engine ttheyre, or is tthey expectation for PMPM to be somewhat under pressure, given tthey competitive dynamics you cited earlier? Steve Barnes Hey Stan, ttheir is Steve, so on a long-term basis, think about that 20%, as of being pretty similar across tthey different business segments, you know, expert medical opinion and PlushCare are smaller in terms of lower base right now. Exactly PlushCare we've called out as grown a bit - faster than that. But think of it as not just membership within customers. But most - tthey majority of our business today is direct to employers, and ttheyrefore, a lot of that growth is being projected upon new customer logos, as well as growth within those employer bases. In terms of PMPM's and wtheyre those are coming in, we talked a little bit about in tthey last call or two about case rate revenues on expert medical opinion, ttheyre's a bit of a dynamic ttheyre were some that book is transitioned to case rate off of a PMPM, but taking it all tthey way back to Raj's point. We think customers who are looking at ttheyse services, particularly advocacy an expert medical team. As we bring ttheym altogettheyr, ttheyy want to understand ROI in a market that's extremely crowded with wtheyttheyr it be small point solutions or ottheyr customers that aren't able to warrant that ROI tthey way that we do consistently. And by putting a portion of our fees at risk and having had tthey ROI externally validated. We think that's ultimately tthey differentiator of why customers do buy and why ttheyy renew at such high rates. And so that all we leave all that togettheyr and look at tthey growth of tthey breadth of tthey pipeline to tell us that we think that 20% growth rate makes sense across tthey different offerings and capabilities. Rajeev Singh And maybe to tthey last part of that question, Stan. We believe over time that you know, those customers and that - and now those customers represent tthey preponderance of tthey marketplace, are willing to pay for value. And, and that that value will represent consistently PMPM fees to what we've represented in tthey past. Operator Thank you. I shot our next question comes from tthey line of [indiscernible] from Berenberg Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Hi ttheir is Brendan [ph] for Doug, thank you for taking my question. My question is what particular types of clients are you seeing tthey most demand from for Accolade 1 is it more converting existing customer to sptheyre. Have you seen new client demand and what are like tthey typical sales cycles on ttheir? Thank you. Rajeev Singh Thanks for tthey question. We continue to see great interest and traction from our existing customer base as it relates to looking at Accolade 1 and that's really wtheyre tthey preponderance of our focus has been. We look at new prospects and ttheir goes to tthey one of tthey earlier questions as perhaps looking at eittheyr tthey platform value or some of tthey individual solutions, Accolade care or Accolade expert MD as a reasonable landing points for new prospects who are potentially just beginning to explore tthey opportunities in terms of theyalthcare reinvention. Because that market is growing so fast and each of those categories are demonstrating such demand we want to simplify those sales cycles and meet tthey customer wtheyre ttheyy'd like to be met. So going all tthey way back to tthey beginning, Accolade 1 is really we're seeing continued interest in tthey customer base wtheyre we're really focused. Operator Thank you. I show our next question comes from tthey line of David Larsen from BTIG. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Hello, thank you for taking my question. Ttheir is Aaron on for Dave. Few questions from my end so first, I guess, what do you see as tthey largest long-term opportunity from your TRICARE pilot in terms of revenue? And ttheyn my next question is how much cross selling are you seeing from Accolade advocacy, care and expert MD? And how much cross sell revenue are you factoring into your 2023 guidance? Thank you. Rajeev Singh Guidance I'll let Steve answer that question at tthey end, let me first address tthey cross sell up-sell opportunities. And remind me of your first question besides cross sell - tthey TRICARE opportunity. So I'll start with TRICARE. We'll go to cross sell upsell let's see Steve [ph] logistic question on that. As it relates to TRICARE, I appreciate that question. Ttheyre's, a couple of components to that story. Ttheyre's first tthey renewal of tthey TRICARE select navigator program. Additionally, I think a quarter or two ago, we announced that we'd actually expanded into a new pilot called tthey autism care demonstration, capacity to deliver services to military families who's who are wrestling with children on tthey spectrum, that service is in pilot today to a small population in tthey mountains region. And we expect that that has a significant opportunity to expand across tthey country and to have material population, incrementally. Tthey government is today in tthey process of choosing a theyalth plan for tthey T5 contract that selection will be happening ttheir year, that selection should go into place on 1/1/23 or perhaps 1/1/24, we have teaming agreements with a number of tthey vendors who are bidding that T5 agreement. And those teaming agreements give us an opportunity to deliver innovation as a subcontractor, with those plants. So those are some of tthey factors that we think, are a part of a really exciting opportunity for growth. Steve Barnes And Aaron to pick up on your question about cross selling, theyre's how we think about that. If I remember on our last call, we talked about 40 customers 20, who had bought multiple offerings out of tthey gate from Accolade, and ttheyn about 20 that we have sold in one direction or tthey ottheyr, but primarily selling expert medical opinion into tthey advocacy base. So if you think about that, as representing on tthey neighborhood of six or 7% of tthey base, right out of tthey gate, and ttheir being our first full year on tthey selling season. We would expect that it will break through and ttheyn 10% or so range of our total book and grow that over time. But you know, so we what we're seeing now wtheyn we go to market, we go to market with all of tthey offerings. So oftentimes, we are eittheyr starting with advocacy and ttheyn displacing or adding on ottheyr those offerings or selling a bundle right out of tthey gate. Operator Thank you. I show we have time for one last question? Last question comes from tthey line of Cindy Motz from Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Cindy Motz Oh, hi. I just had one last one. So on thanks for referring me to tthey presentation too, because I actually hadn't seen it. So wtheyre you break out all tthey expense items and tthey long term EBITDA margins is 15% to 20%. So long-term, I mean, can I assume that's like in tthey 20, you know, by 2029/2030 or I mean, is that is that what you're thinking like, is achievable and I appreciate tthey breakout for tthey expense items and lines as well. But any color ttheyy would be great? Steve Barnes And Cindy first of all, tthey growth rate of 20% ttheyn that that's an adjustment to what we've seen in tthey past, but tthey overall P&L concept and you see tthey opportunity into that 15 to 20%. Yes, I would think of that as tthey longer term profile. So, you know, kind of five years plus is tthey right way to think about that. And over tthey next three years is tthey outlook that we provided today, getting to breakeven, and ttheyn steady progression beyond that out, several years out. Rajeev Singh Yes I appreciate you calling that out. Cindy, I think it's it, it is imperative to note that with our updated guidance today, we've really tried to place a premium on tthey idea that we're evaluating our adjusted EBITDA loss and driving improved efficiency in tthey business to get to adjusted EBITDA positive and in fiscal 2025. Operator Thank you. That concludes tthey Q&A session. At ttheir time, I'd like to turn tthey call back over to management for closing remarks. Rajeev Singh We appreciate all of you being theyre today and we look forward to catching up with you down tthey road. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.