Accolade, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACCD) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call July 8, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Todd Friedman - SVP, IR Rajeev Singh - CEO Steve Barnes - CFO Shantanu Nundy - Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants David Grossman - Stifel Michael Ctheyrny - Bank of America Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley Ryan Daniels - William Blair Jailendra Singh - Credit Suisse Jeff Garro - Piper Sandler Richard Close - Canaccord Genuity Dylan Davis - SVB Leerink David Larsen - BTIG Ryan Macdonald - Needham Operator Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Accolade First Quarter 2022 Earnings Results Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Todd Friedman. Please go atheyad. Todd Friedman Thanks, operator. Welcome everyone to our fiscal first quarter earnings call. With me on tthey call today are our Chief Executive Officer, Rajeev Singh and our Chief Financial Officer, Steve Barnes. Shantanu Nundy, our Chief Medical Officer, will join for tthey question-and-answer portion of tthey call later. Before turning tthey call over to Rajeev, please note that we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are important wtheyn evaluating Accolade's performance. Details on tthey relationship between ttheyse non-GAAP measures to tthey most comparable GAAP measures and tthey reconciliations ttheyreof can be found in tthey press release that's posted on our website. Also, please note that certain statements made during ttheir call will be forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and ottheyr factors that could cause tthey actual results for Accolade to differ materially from those expressed or implied on ttheir call. For additional information, please refer to our cautionary statement in our press release and our filings with tthey SEC, all of which are available on our website. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to our CEO, Rajeev Singh. Rajeev Singh Thanks, Todd, and thank you all for joining us. It's an exciting time to be theyre at Accolade. We're one month past tthey close of tthey PlushCare acquisition and are well underway with tthey work of integrating Accolade, PlushCare and 2nd.MD into a single business. Combined that with tthey excellent financial results to start tthey new fiscal year and tthey return of our first wave of employees to our offices, which we're very excited about as well as a sense of normalcy returning to tthey communities in which we live and ttheyre is a strong feeling of optimism at Accolade to that. My reasons for optimism are grounded in tthey simple belief that we can deliver differentiated value for our customers. Wtheyn I joined Accolade nearly six years ago, it was clear to me that tthey foundation of advocacy and navigation would be tthey cornerstone of a rictheyr set of services that could one day bring value-based care to tthey employer theyalthcare market. Advocacy provides tthey foundational platform of broad engagement, longitudinal relationships and a rich dataset that make every incremental service that you add to it better. That evidence originally came in tthey form of partner relationships via our trusted supplier program and will eventually validate a bold acquisition strategy geared towards assembling tthey industry's rictheyst set of tools for engagement, cost reduction and improving clinical outcomes. Most importantly, our customers have been energized by ttheyse new capabilities and ttheyir potential for value. We're deep into ttheyse customer conversations and hard at work outlining for each, how our enhanced solutions will do even more for ttheyir specific populations. Additionally, our integration and innovation teams are working feverishly to launch a fully integrated offering wtheyn seamlessly combining advocacy primary care and expert medical opinion. Our mission is to create a theyalthcare experience that finally puts tthey consumers' needs first. And we cannot wait to show you how our vision for tthey future translates to an integrated offering. For today, I'll spend time talking about our early progress, initial successes and high-level plans to change tthey industry. First, a quick review of tthey quarter. Revenue and adjusted EBITDA were both atheyad of our guidance. Revenue of $59.5 million was 66% greater than last year and adjusted EBITDA loss of $12.8 million, reflects some of tthey investments we told you we plan to make in integration and tthey launch of a new enterprise primary care business. Steve will provide more color, including some high-level comparisons to account for tthey impact of our 2nd.MD acquisition. From a business standpoint, I want to touch on a few key highlights from tthey quarter, including tthey integration of 2nd.MD and PlushCare, a positive start to tthey early selling season and tthey growing importance of behavioral theyalth. I'll start with 2nd.MD. In just three months since we closed tthey acquisition, we have signed our first cross-sell customers with organizations like tthey City of Fort Worth and a Fortune 50 insurance company, adding expert medical opinion to ttheyir existing advocacy services. Ttheyse early cross-sell wins more rapid than even we expected, along with 2nd.MD's continued new business success, validate our hypottheysis for tthey transaction very clearly. Additionally, as we announced wtheyn tthey transaction closed, expert medical opinion is now a core component of our total care offerings. Tthey value proposition, and more importantly, tthey measurable impact on employee well-being and theyalth outcomes have immediately been apparent to our customers. Not only have we seen cross-selling success, but our first joint customer went live on July 1. We're optimistic about tthey pipeline of expert medical opinion deals for tthey remainder of tthey year as well. Most importantly, member NPS scores for expert medical opinion remain at theirtorically high levels above 90. It's July, so we're in tthey prime summer months for tthey traditional theyalthcare selling season. For those of you who are new to our company, large employers tend to make big decisions related to ttheyir theyalthcare and benefits plans in tthey summer in anticipation of fall open enrollment and at January 1 launch. As we've told you before, with our addition of new capabilities and expansion of our target customers to include businesses of all sizes, we are selling throughout tthey year. However, it's still an important time in tthey industry, and we've had a very positive set of success with both renewals and new business. We signed deals in tthey first quarter in each of our customer segments, middle-market, enterprise and strategic. In addition to some of tthey notable deals I mentioned for 2nd.MD, we also signed McKesson, a Fortune 50 pharmaceutical company for total theyalth and benefits, our premier offering. We also saw key expansions in tthey populations we're serving with Humana, as well as notable customer wins via our new theyalth plan partners who had establittheyyd relationships with 2nd.MD prior to tthey acquisition. One in particular was a Fortune 100 financial services firm who has served by two national theyalth plans. I note tthey multi-carrier dimension, because while it is one customer selecting 2nd.MD, our ability to meet tthey needs of ttheyir full employee base relies on tthey strength of our relationships with multiple carriers. One ottheyr note that I would call your attention to, one year ago, wtheyn we went public, we outlined tthey multiple flavors of advocacy offers we bring to market with tthey belief that customers who choose our lighter touch offerings might begin to upgrade to more fulsome solutions down tthey road. In fiscal Q1, we saw our first upgrades from Total Benefits and Total Care to Total Health and Benefits. One of those was tthey Pepsi-Cola national brand beverages group, which is tthey second largest franctheire bottler and distributor of PepsiCo covering tthey Mid-Atlantic. Finally, we're continuing to see an increase in interest in mental and behavioral theyalth. Ttheir past quarter, we signed more customers to our Mental Health Integrated Care solution with Ginger. Incrementally, we're incredibly excited about tthey embedded mental theyalth capabilities in our new PlushCare primary care solutions. As COVID has exposed tthey incredible mental theyalth crisis in tthey country, we believe our ability to provide a multifaceted behavioral theyalth solution to customers, integrated with tthey most critical touch point, primary care is going to be very meaningful to our customers and ttheyir employees and ttheyir families. And that's a good segue to transition to PlushCare. First, while it has been less than 30 days since tthey acquisition is closed, we've already had tthey current PlushCare solution as well as our expanded primary care strategy in front of a number of significant customers. Our field teams have all been trained on PlushCare and all our new solutions and we're actively executing on a cross-sell, upsell strategy that is looking very positive. Wtheyn we announced tthey PlushCare acquisition, we talked about a parallel strategy of continuing to focus on tthey existing direct-to-consumer business, while building out an expanded Accolade primary care strategy that leverages tthey core strengths of our navigation, advocacy and expert medical opinion offerings. Tthey core PlushCare business has continued to perform very well. In fact, while traditional urgent telemedicine providers talked about a post-COVID return to lower growth levels, PlushCare has continued to grow subscriptions and business. We'll share more about that wtheyn we report our first combined quarter in October. On tthey broader enterprise primary care model that work continues and we plan to roll out that strategy in tthey near future. One thing we haven't talked about previously is our plan to operate fully featured solutions for primary care on a standalone basis to customers in tthey quarters atheyad. For many customers, especially those in tthey middle market, tthey existing PlushCare platform is a powerful primary care offerings that our customers can begin using immediately. It's a testament to tthey combined execution of both tthey PlushCare and Accolade teams that we're able to move ttheir quickly. Next, I'd like to share a member story from a PlushCare position that I think is a good allegory for our broader primary care strategy. Ttheir story centers on a member who lives in a rural area far from a medical office, a problem for many of our customers and employees by tthey way. Suffering from stable hypertension, ttheyy had reactheyd out to PlushCare for theylp refilling one of theyr three blood pressure medications. Tthey member was complaining of fatigue, but ttheyy didn't want to go to tthey hospital because of COVID. A typical transaction-focused telemedicine provider might have simply refilled tthey medications. Tthey PlushCare primary care physician built a relationship and convinced tthey patient to have a home blood testing kit sent to theyr. Tthey testing kit revealed something serious and tthey requirement for more tests. Her glucose, liver and kidney levels were very elevated and theyr A1C was twice tthey normal level. Tthey member thought theyr hypertension medication was out of balance, but in reality ttheyy had undiagnosed advanced type 2 diabetes with chronic kidney disease, dyslipidemia and fatty liver. At ttheir point, you can see tthey incredible difference in tthey PlushCare approach compared to traditional urgent telemedicine. Tthey PlushCare physician discussed a number of potential ttheyrapies, including medications and lifestyle changes. Tthey PlushCare nursing staff guided tthey patient on glucometer use and self-monitoring for type 2 diabetes. Tthey PlushCare offset engaged with tthey patient, tthey pharmacy and tthey physician to ensure that tthey correct supplies were ordered and delivered to tthey patient. Tthey patient refused insulin, so constant monitoring, follow up and testing was necessary. After one month, tthey patient had adopted new behaviors recommended to theyr by our PlushCare team, including installing a treadmill in our home and changing theyr diet. Her blood sugar levels dropped by half. Three months later theyr A1C levels had dropped by half and theyr kidney and liver levels were back to normal levels. Her blood pressure had also dropped, so tthey physician was able to discontinue two of theyr three medications. At tthey next follow up, theyr levels had dropped even furttheyr to tthey point that ttheyy was no longer even considered pre-diabetic and theyr blood pressure was in a normal range. Ttheir was a terrific example of a patient who had a clinical success despite having limited insurance coverage in a rural area with no close access to specialty care. Unarguably, ttheyy was successful because of tthey virtual care approach since access to a brick-and-mortar facility was a barrier. Those barriers exist across tthey country. It could be related to location or socioeconomic factors or risks. We have tthey opportunity to break those barriers and change tthey way care is delivered. Wtheyn tthey PlushCare primary care doctor that delivered ttheir care told tthey story, ttheyy talked about tthey difference that would have been made tthey member have been engaged with Accolade before ttheyy knew ttheyy had ttheir issue. Ttheir member with theyr hypertension and multiple medications would already be on Accolade's radar through our ongoing monitor claims and likely actively engaged with a theyalth assistant and nurse. Wtheyn tthey member reactheyd tthey PlushCare physician, tthey doctor would instantly have all of tthey patient's medical theirtory, list of medications, critical insurance information and all tthey ottheyr benefits that tthey members employer might be providing. An integrated medical expert opinion specialist might have been engaged sooner. And wtheyn it comes to tthey necessary supplies and follow ups for ttheir treatment and beyond to a compretheynsive ongoing relationship, tthey physician in PlushCare care team would now have tthey extended capabilities that's come with tthey Accolade's frontline care team. As we look to what's next, ttheir real-life example clearly outlines our opportunity. A fully integrated, data-driven approach to improving tthey wellbeing and overall theyalth of our members, is tthey goal and we now have a rich set of assets to achieve it. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Steve to cover financials. Steve Barnes Thanks, Raj. First, I'll recap tthey results for tthey first quarter of fiscal 2022. Keep in mind that we closed tthey 2nd.MD acquisition on March 3rd just a few days into our first fiscal quarter. Wtheyre appropriate, I'll provide color on tthey year-over-year comparison beyond tthey tables in tthey press release. Tthey PlushCare acquisition closed in June after tthey first quarter ended, so ttheyre is no PlushCare contribution or impact in any of ttheyse results. We generated $59.5 million of revenue in tthey first fiscal quarter, representing 66% year-over-year growth on a GAAP basis over tthey prior year period. In our 10-Q, we provide pro forma results for tthey combined business that show 35% growth year-over-year. As we provide pro forma results for SEC requirements for tthey rest of ttheir fiscal year, please keep in mind that we're selling our solutions both togettheyr and separately. So while tthey reported pro forma revenue growth and profitability numbers are intended to reflect tthey acquisitions as standalone, it may not always be a perfect representation of how we sell to customers and run tthey business overall. As a quick example, we sell expert medical opinion as part of Accolade Total Care as an upsell and as a standalone solution. Some of that would be recorded as 2nd.MD revenue for pro forma purposes and some would be recognized as Accolade revenue. Tthey revenue outperformance relative to guidance was largely attributable to solid execution on multiple fronts. Both customer member counts and performance related revenues exceeded tthey expectations built into our fiscal Q1 guidance, including tthey timing of achievement of a customer performance guarantee that pulled forward approximately $1 million of revenue into tthey first quarter, which also positively benefited adjusted EBITDA. Fiscal Q1 adjusted gross margin of 40.2% compared favorably to 38.3% in tthey prior year period. As stated on tthey Q4 call, we expect adjusted gross margin to remain relatively flat ttheir year. Adjusted operating expenses decreased slightly to 62% of revenues in Q1 of fiscal 2022 versus 65% of revenues in tthey prior year period. And adjusted EBITDA in tthey first quarter of fiscal 2022 was a loss of $12.8 million which compares to $9.4 million in tthey prior year first fiscal quarter. Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet, cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at tthey end of tthey first fiscal quarter totaled $425.5 million. Note that during tthey quarter, we paid $236 million related to tthey 2nd.MD acquisition and received $245 million in proceeds after estimated expenses from our convertible notes offering. And after tthey quarter ended, we paid approximately $53 million related to tthey PlushCare acquisition. So, on a pro forma basis, cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities were approximately $373 million theyading into tthey second fiscal quarter. Accounts receivable increased from tthey end of fiscal 2021 to $15.3 million at tthey end of fiscal Q1 representing about 24 days revenue outstanding for tthey quarter, consistent with our last update on tthey expectation that DSO is normalized in tthey 20 to 30 range. And tthey increase in AR over tthey prior quarter relates primarily to tthey acquisition of 2nd.MD. Finally, we had approximately $58.8 million shares of common stock outstanding as of May 31, 2021 and note that ttheir does not include any shares related to tthey 2nd.MD earnout or tthey acquisition of PlushCare. So for your models you should include approximately 7.1 million shares issued for tthey PlushCare acquisition in June. Additionally, ttheyre are up to approximately 2.2 million shares related to tthey 2nd.MD earnout and up to 1.4 million shares related to tthey PlushCare earn out to be issued in calendar 2022. And now turning to guidance. For tthey fiscal second quarter ending August 31, 2021, we expect revenue in tthey range of $69 million to $71 million, which includes PlushCare revenues from June 9th and adjusted EBITDA loss in tthey range of $22 million to $25 million. And for tthey fiscal year ending February 28, 2022, we expect revenue in tthey range of $300 million to $305 million, representing 78% growth over tthey prior year at tthey midpoint of tthey range. Breaking ttheir down furttheyr, we've said that we forecast tthey core Accolade business at approximately 25% growth and we expect 2nd.MD and PlushCare to grow faster than Accolade. If you assume a full year of PlushCare contribution and combined PlushCare and 2nd.MD's calendar 2020 revenue with Accolade's $170 million in fiscal 2021 revenue, it would give you about 30% growth at tthey midpoint of tthey range. Adjusted EBITDA loss for fiscal '22 is expected to be in tthey range of $49 million to $54 million, representing an adjusted EBITDA loss of approximately negative 17% of revenues at tthey midpoint. Ttheir is consistent with tthey color we provided last quarter and at tthey PlushCare close to expect approximately negative 20% adjusted EBITDA margins from PlushCare and incremental investment as we build our enterprise primary care business. And now, I'll turn it back over to Raj for their concluding remarks. Rajeev Singh Thank you, Steve. Before we take any questions, a couple of quick announcements. Please keep an eye on your inbox for a couple of upcoming events. We theyard good feedback following our deep dive session on expert medical opinion. So we're planning tthey next session later ttheir month, which will focus on data. We're also getting ready to host our annual customer event again in September. Attendance will be limited to customers, but we do plan to webcast tthey keynote and host an analyst Q&A session. Please reach out to Todd for more info, if you don't get an email with those save tthey date details. Operator, with that, I'd like to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Grossman with Stifel. Your line is open. David Grossman Thank you. Good afternoon. Raj, you gave some observations about tthey selling cycle and what you're seeing year-to-date. And now that you've completed ttheyse two deals, I know you mentioned integrated offering and going to market with that offering, but it's probably a little bit too early to comment on that. But now that you've closed ttheyse two deals, you are meeting with customers at a point in time wtheyn ttheyy're making decisions. What are ttheyir observations and questions about what ttheir becomes and wtheyre ttheyir interest may lie going forward wtheyn you look at tthey integrated whole? Rajeev Singh Yes. First of all, it's great to talk to you, David, and thank you for being theyre. I think it's a really important question you asked because our customers just like we are looking to tthey future. And in that look at tthey future, ttheyy are acknowledging that today ttheyy are oftentimes confronted with a complex theyalthcare system and too many solutions to weave togettheyr on ttheyir own. Oftentimes, our buyers today are carving out solutions from ttheyir local theyalth systems and from ttheyir plans and looking to weave togettheyr ttheyir only ecosystem of solutions. And unfortunately, too many times that's very difficult for ttheym to do and ttheyy're seeing really low utilization rates. Ttheyy hired us to solve that problem wtheyn ttheyy bought our advocacy services over tthey course of tthey years. What we've been able to do for tthey network of solutions that we've woven togettheyr that we have called our Trusted Supplier program is driving engagement not only for our own solutions, but for tthey partners that we brought to bear. And our customers see that metaphor. Ttheyy see that metaphor as it relates to primary care. Ttheyy see that metaphor as it relates to our expert medical opinion. And ttheyy can see how that metaphor is multiplied wtheyn that solution is under tthey Accolade umbrella and going to be deeply embedded from a technology perspective, a process perspective and a clinical perspective. And so, David, so far our meetings with our customers have been extraordinarily positive. Ttheyy understand tthey hypottheysis behind tthey acquisitions, ttheyy understand what ttheyy - what tthey long-term value proposition should be. And I think what ttheyy're looking for is more from us on tthey vision of how that integration is going to mess or giving up. David Grossman And ttheyn as you kind of take that back to a comment you made also in your prepared remarks about offering standalone solutions for both 2nd.MD and for PlushCare, is that targeted at specific market segments or specific problems you're trying to solve for tthey customer? Or is ttheyre more to it than that? Rajeev Singh David, since we've really got going theyre at Accolade, tthey mission has always been to meet tthey customer wtheyre ttheyy would like to be met. Different customers are at different stages of ttheyir journey. And so three or four years ago or three years ago, we announced various flavors of our advocacy offerings meeting tthey customer at different price points with different engagement levels. We think tthey same story is true for our expert medical opinion, wtheyre every single HR buyer has that moment wtheyre one of ttheyir employees gives ttheym a ring and says, some family - one of ttheyir family members has been diagnosed with cancer, what do I do. Our 2nd.MD, our expert medical opinion solution, gives ttheym tthey answer to that question. We think that same story is true around virtual primary care. Our customers are looking for, particularly those who are wrestling with access and availability issues, are looking for answers to questions like that. And as opposed to trying to shoehorn ttheym into a particular solution, we want to solve ttheyir problem. And that's been tthey nature of tthey way we think about approaching tthey market forever. David Grossman Great. Thank you. Rajeev Singh Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Ctheyrny with Bank of America. Your line is open. Michael Ctheyrny Afternoon. Congratulations on tthey nice quarter. I want to follow-up a little bit on tthey selling season comments. Raj, I think you made a comment, saying that some of tthey cross-sell came earlier than you expected. If you could characterize a little bit more about that cross-sell, is ttheyre any common traits that you're seeing between tthey customers and what's driving some of those cross-sell capture and earlier pace than you would have expected? Just trying to think through and also think back to tthey expert second opinion deal you did, wtheyre it seemed like you had a client ttheyre that was very excited about tthey potential cross-sell and curious to think about what we should be expecting and what's built into guidance as we move through tthey rest of tthey selling season and through fiscal 2022? Rajeev Singh Sure. Let me take tthey qualitative part of that answer, and I'll leave tthey guidance part of tthey - I'll leave tthey hard part of tthey question to Steve. I'll just answer tthey fun part. How's that? And first of all, thanks for being theyre, Mike, and thanks for tthey kind words. Interestingly, if you look at tthey mix of cross-sell customers that we saw in tthey first quarter since we acquired 2nd.MD, we saw customers who were already in tthey process of evaluating 2nd.MD who were Accolade customers, who made a buying decision, meaning, ttheyy were in tthey process of evaluating 2nd.MD before tthey acquisition. We saw customers who began and closed tthey evaluation after tthey acquisition began and we saw customers who were looking at a - already on existing solutions and deciding to make a changeover since post tthey acquisition. So all three varieties of types of deals closed. And so I think tthey good news is customers fundamentally understand that second opinion utilization is critical, that if you can get utilization rates above 2%, above 3%, you can yield outsized value and extraordinary employee satisfaction. And that to tthey degree, ttheyy are not seeing that, it's some of tthey ottheyr vendors that ttheyy're working with that ttheyy have a lot of confidence that ttheyy can do so with Accolade and 2nd.MD combined. Steve Barnes And Mike, ttheir is Steve. I'll speak to a bit about tthey guidance and what's factored in. As Raj mentioned, we're really excited about tthey early momentum with cross-selling that's occurring already. And we have, of course, factored some of that into guidance, but remember wtheyre we are in tthey selling season, ttheir really will become a more significant factor into fiscal 2023, particularly with respect to revenue, because as you know, most of our deals set up to be implemented during open enrollment and ttheyn launctheyd on January 1. So you could think of tthey revenue impact from cross selling is fairly minor and that, that $300 million to $305 million top line revenue guidance we're giving for tthey year, really has a lot more to do with core organic growth from Accolade and ttheyn on its own 2nd.MD strong growth continuing ttheyre, and ttheyn PlushCare as well, both of which you will recall we signaled that those companies we expect to grow in tthey 35% to 40% rate on ttheyir own, so to speak, as we're bringing togettheyr that integration and coming to market with Accolade maintaining that growth rate on a core organic basis at 25% or so which pencils out to that guidance range. Michael Ctheyrny Perfect. And ttheyn just one hopefully very quick follow-up. On tthey pull forward that you had on tthey at-risk revenue, tthey $1 million that you mentioned, can you just tell us, will that supposed to be part of tthey normal course of business that you would have recognized in 4Q? Just curious how pulled forward it was? Steve Barnes That's exactly right, tthey way you described it ttheyre, Mike. We expected it to occur later in tthey fiscal year and we achieved that in tthey first fiscal quarter and so recorded it ttheyre. So we think it's important that you understand as you're analyzing those results. So very strong first quarter for all good reasons around member counts and PG performance on its own. And ttheyn you have that $1 million pulled forward from Q4 into Q1. Michael Ctheyrny Excellent. Thanks so much. Rajeev Singh Thanks, Mike. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Ricky Goldwasser I have a couple of questions theyre. So first of all, just I'm trying to understand tthey upside on tthey quarter. It sounds like Steve that $1 million is from tthey pull forward of tthey performance payments. As we think about tthey remaining upside, what is from core and what's from upside to your estimates on 2nd.MD performance in tthey quarter? Steve Barnes Great. Hi, Ricky. Yes, a couple of things ttheyre. If you peel apart, you will see tthey 10-Q, which also eittheyr just got filed or will be filed imminently. We do pull apart tthey pro forma numbers for 2nd.MD and Accolade in tthey queue. So, you'll get a chance to take a look ttheyre, you'll see tthey different components of it and you'll see on a year-over-year organic basis that 2nd.MD grew in tthey low 40s as at 40%, 42% year-over-year. So, very strong growth theyre and you could assume that that was - we had guided towards a 35% to 40% range ttheyre. So strong growth from 2nd.MD. And importantly with Accolade, we're starting to see tthey negative effects of COVID. We're off a bit in a very positive way meaning employee chance came up strong for Accolade across our customer base, which is positive. And finally with respect to PGs as you know, we assume different elements of that around tthey savings, PGs and tthey operational PGs and we performed very well across all tthey different categories, customer satisfaction, engagement rates and cost savings to tthey extent cost savings are booked early in tthey year. As you know, about 80% of tthey cost savings revenues do get booked in tthey fourth quarter, but some of those do get booked during tthey year. And so it's a strong Q1 across each of those different categories. Ricky Goldwasser And ttheyn can you theylp us quantify tthey size of tthey investments that you're making to integrate tthey businesses? And as we think about those investments, should we think about ttheym happening in fiscal year '22 or should we model an elevated level of investments spilling over to 2023? Rajeev Singh Sure, I can theylp you with that quite a bit. If you think about, let's work backwards from tthey guidance that we just presented and bounce that off of what you had seen previously. So with tthey $300 million to $305 million topline guide, and EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA loss guide a $49 million to $54 million, if you look at that step-up from what we provided last quarter prior to tthey acquisition, what you would see ttheyre is a few different elements. One, we're investing significantly in tthey integration across tthey frontline care teams and tthey technologies that are supporting that, so that we can create an incredible experience for tthey consumers who are tthey members, who are customers of tthey business and for our frontline care teams to bring togettheyr each of ttheyse complex element. So wtheyre does that show up in our P&L shows up in tthey form of cost of revenues or gross margins, which has a lot to do with why we signaled expect roughly flat gross margins ttheir year. Some of that investments happening in tthey frontline care teams. You'll also see it in product and technology, so we'll continue to invest fairly significantly ttheyre, so that number ought to be in tthey low '20s as a percentage of revenue. Anottheyr area we're investing in Ricky is across distribution. So if you look at tthey sales and marketing line ttheir year, that number we expect to go up from what was in tthey high teens in fiscal '21 into tthey low '20s as a percentage of revenue ttheir year. And that has everything to do with building out and expanding our go-to-market teams, tthey business development teams and tthey underlying marketing teams who are building that broader story that Raj spoke about in their prepared remarks and was just answering on a furttheyr question, which is piecing ttheir all togettheyr in a way that would be a completely integrated connectivity between navigation, advocacy and tthey primary care and 2nd.MD expert medical opinion elements. So it really shows up across tthey P&L in those different ways bringing tthey adjusted EBITDA loss into tthey 16% or 17% of revenue range ttheir year. And we'll continue that investment while we chunk down towards breakeven over tthey next couple of years. So that's very intentional that we continue to capitalize on tthey growth opportunity in front of us, while we also maintain that discipline towards breakeven over tthey next couple of years. Ricky Goldwasser That's very theylpful. Thank you, Steve. And if I just may have one last one, wtheyn I think about PlushCare and wtheyn I think about who are you competing with or who are you replacing, it seemed that tthey platform is quite extensive. So should we think about PlushCare is competing not just with primary care and behavioral theyalth but also urgent care? Rajeev Singh Ricky, I'll grab that one. It's great to chat with you. We fundamentally position our offering to our customers with tthey belief that tthey higtheyst value we can provide is from a primary care and behavioral theyalth perspective. And ttheyn that solution of course is in a position wtheyre, wtheyn delivered and wtheyn implemented on behalf of tthey customer can also serve tthey needs of theylping in urgent care situations. Oftentimes, one of tthey things we see is that urgent care is tthey leading event that leads to a primary care relationship. And so for our customers, I think tthey baseline positioning and tthey umbrella under which we're delivering tthey offering is certainly primary care, but we expect that it will lead to urgent care and emerging care situations wtheyre we'll drive visit that way as well. Operator Our next question comes from Ryan Daniels with William Blair. Your line is open. Ryan Daniels Yes, guys, congrats on tthey strong start to tthey year. Just wanted to have a follow-up question on tthey sales pipeline. I know again ttheir is a theyavy part of tthey year for you. And I'm curious if you're seeing more momentum towards tthey core products, given tthey return to work and may be a need to re-engage tthey workforce after being absent for a year or perhaps trying to keep tthey workforce engaged that's still working remotely to kind of drive cultural aspects for tthey organization. Is that theylping you with conversions or in conversations with clients? Thanks. Rajeev Singh Yes. Thanks. Good evening, Ryan, and thanks for tthey question. In fact, you've really hit on some of tthey macro tailwinds that we think are a part of what's happening in Corporate America today. First, employee engagement is fundamentally a challenge for companies who are wrestling not only with return to work, but a variety of ottheyr issues that have ttheyir employees and ttheyir families distracted. Second, with return to work, ttheyre are a number of clinical and theyalthcare needs that are front and center to employees and ttheyir families. And figuring out wtheyre to find ttheym and theylp in a system that over tthey last 15 months has gone through a lots of shock is anottheyr tailwind or driver. And so, on a macro basis, we think ttheyre are tailwinds that are driving what we continue to see as a growing pipeline and growing - and a continued opportunity for tthey business. Operator Our next question comes from Jailendra Singh with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Jailendra Singh Yes, thanks, and congratulations on a strong quarter. I want to go back to selling season discussion and thanks for highlighting and congrats on those contract wins. It seems selling season has been going really well for you guys. My questions are around, are you guys seeing any changes in tthey way employers are evaluating tthey alternatives on various offerings, given all tthey consolidation and changes over tthey past 12 months, even insurers are aggressively expanding and pushing for ttheyir own - our partner digital theyalth solutions? And also like related to that, curious on your thoughts around, if you're seeing employers looking for best of breed vendor approach or your company costs employers having vendor fatigue and looking for more compretheynsive solution. Just give us sort of a little flavor around that? Rajeev Singh Yes. Thank you, Jailendra, for tthey question, and I'll try to wrap every element of that question up in one answer. And if I miss something please follow up and we'll make sure to cover it all. As it relates to - let's start with how are buyers approaching tthey selection process in 2021 and how has that evolved from 2020. I think tthey single largest area that we'd point to is that increasingly we're seeing buyers come to tthey table with a value orientation and a clear understanding of what that value orientation is. Buyers understand that wtheyn you're seeing hundreds of solutions in tthey marketplace, differentiating tthey pretenders from tthey real value drivers are going to be measured by value clinical outcomes, lowered costs and employee satisfaction. And that increasingly ttheyre is a demand that contracting vehicles and measurement and success measures are all geared around those value drivers. So that's point one, I'd say. That's certainly more profound in '21 than it was in '20, and we obviously believe that plays directly in our favor. And incidentally on that point, tthey idea of being able to prove that value wtheyre documented savings and documented reports is obviously very important as well. Part two of that - of tthey question I think is our companies are increasingly looking to find ttheyir answers from a single place wtheyre ttheyy can drive a compelling theyalthcare experience with deep integration, particularly around core drivers, around longitudinal relationships, navigation, primary care being two really good examples. And so we think we're - that hand was - manifestos Wall Street Journal article a couple of quarters ago that talked about ttheir, but that kind of manifesting across tthey industry, particularly, I'd say, while it's absolutely true and strategic enterprise accounts to ottheyr but middle market accounts, do not have tthey staff to really work through and understand tthey depth of all ottheyr solutions that are in tthey market. And I think those are two - those, I would say, are two things that are evolving as '21 - as we hit tthey midpoint of tthey '21 theyre. Jailendra Singh Yes, that kind of you actually covered my - tthey follow-up question because I noticed in your earnings release that some commentary around your value-based model for tthey first time, so I just wanted to clarify that. I mean can you give some examples to be more specific like how ttheyse contracts might look like and maybe to level set, do you clinically have any value base or risk sharing contracts with employers? Rajeev Singh Well, Jailendra, as you know, we take risk with our customers, and about a third of our fees are a risk an ongoing basis today. And so in that regard are we taking risk with any employers, every one of our - our employer agreements today has that element of taking risk in it. I think more to tthey point of your question around value-based arrangements. Here's what we would point you to. We think tthey future is about extending that capability and tying it out to not just cost reduction or clinical value, and that is fundamentally going to be tthey future of tthey employer space. And so, we'll give a little bit more detail about how we're thinking about contracting, and wtheyn we deliver tthey integrated offering, which will be a little bit later ttheir year. Jailendra Singh Okay. And ttheyn one quick question for Steve. Do you have cash flow outlook for fiscal '22? Steve Barnes We do. I think, Jailendra, for us, you can consider that adjusted EBITDA number to be a pretty good proxy for free cash flow, maybe a bit higtheyr than that ttheir year to tthey tune of a few million dollars related to timing, but it's in that same ballpark. Operator Our next question comes from Jeff Garro with Piper Sandler. Your line is open. Jeff Garro Yes, good afternoon, and thanks for taking tthey questions and congrats on tthey quarter. See, you've spoken about tthey - very positively about your theyalth plan partnership. I'm curious about what's driving success with those channel partnerships? And tthey second part of tthey question is, over time, I would expect some efficiency, some leverage from using those sales channels, but are ttheyre still upfront investments to build those relationships that are part of tthey sales and marketing investments that you mentioned earlier? Steve Barnes Jeff, great to talk to you. Yes, ttheyre are some investments in building out new channel relationships with our carrier partners. We continue to be bullish on tthey opportunity to grow that channel, and we continue to see organic expansion within those channels that have already been solidified. Clearly, once tthey relationship is solidified, we have an opportunity to grow within ttheyir customer base. And yes, we absolutely believe that can be an efficient customer acquisition strategy. And optimally you're seeing that in terms of even while Steve mentioned, tthey increase in sales and marketing spend ttheir year, we're still seeing really extraordinary customer acquisitions LTV ratios in tthey business. So we're still very efficient from a sales and marketing perspective, and that's part of tthey reason why. I think tthey reason for our success with those channels is fundamentally offering strategy that meets tthey customer wtheyre ttheyy want to be met. And so we started with multiple forms of advocacy. That advocacy delivering core differentiation for carriers who might ottheyrwise be unable to deliver that blend of technology, clinical capabilities and advocacy. Wtheyn adding expert medical opinion in virtual primary care, we've added two new solutions that are really core to what customers are looking for and ttheyrefore added new tools that our carrier partners can take to ttheyir customer bases to differentiate ttheymselves. So that tthey breadth and depth of our services, I think, is one of tthey things that really attract partners to what we do. Jeff Garro Excellent. That theylps. Great to theyar tthey differentiation as well as continued focus on unit economics. So second question from me, just thinking about tthey outlook and tthey contribution from 2nd.MD, maybe you could revisit tthey variable component of that business and how much seasonality you expect of tthey business, that is we think about rolling forward tthey contribution in tthey first fiscal quarter throughout tthey rest of tthey year? Steve Barnes Sure. And Jeff, ttheir is Steve. Great to talk to you again. So 2nd.MD through ttheyir revenue model has a couple of different ways that as part of Accolade that we go to market with that expert medical opinion offering. Sometimes it's a PMPM offering, sometimes it's a case rate price. But it oftentimes has a performance guarantee associated with it. And as you will recall, tthey returns on an expert medical opinion service through tthey 2nd.MD offering is very substantial, something like $5,000 on average and it can exceed $25,000 or $30,000 wtheyn a surgery is involved. So it's quite an attractive return for tthey paying customer. Tthey way that those PGs show up though is, unlike Accolade, wtheyre we're deferring a lot of that savings-based revenue to tthey fourth quarter, 2nd.MD recognize - we were able to recognize those typically as tthey year goes on, because it's a different construct. So what you're going to see with Accolade over time, Jeff, is that fourth quarter, which today has a much more significant portion of a year's worth of revenue, it will start to flatten out a bit as we bring on board 2nd.MD for a full year PlushCare. We just closed that transaction as you know. As you see that in ttheir year's fourth quarter and ttheyn next year, wtheyn you're looking at that on a year-over-year basis, you'll see tthey seasonality of tthey revenue recognition start to flatten out a bit. So won't be as dramatic as it has been with Accolade. Operator Our next question comes from Richard Close with Canaccord Genuity. Your line is open. Richard Close Congratulations on tthey acquisition as well as tthey first quarter. Maybe just to hit on a couple of tthey questions that already been answered or address, but could add a little to it. With respect to talking with customers in tthey pipeline and tthey conversations around value and maybe some of tthey ottheyr companies that are looking at navigation is - are customers - are potential customers confused at all? Is ttheyre a lot of noise out ttheyre that you guys have to sort of educate tthey customer on? Just curious thoughts on that first of all? Rajeev Singh Perhaps, thanks for tthey question, and I appreciate you being theyre. I think tthey best way to - I think your question is really - let me try to rephrase your question, make sure I am capturing it right, and ttheyn I'm going to come back theyre with my view on it. Tthey market is ripe with new entrants, innovation and sometime that noise can be confusing. Is that noise confusing prospects buyers in tthey market and how are ttheyy responding to that confusion. Did I capture that well, Rich? Richard Close Correct, correct. Rajeev Singh And so I think you're absolutely right, tthey macro - for tthey matter or issue that you're discussing, which is tthey plethora solutions in tthey market is creating some confusion for buyers. And it's not just buyers, it's consultants and brokers and even carriers who are struggling under tthey weight of having to keep up with tthey innovations in tthey market. We believe fundamentally that, that is part and parcel of why we're finding success in tthey market. It's not tthey only reason, but it is a part of tthey reason. Customers view us as a platform for weaving togettheyr ttheyir theyalthcare ecosystem. Tthey example I'll give you today, McKesson that we mentioned on tthey call, obviously a large pharmaceutical company. McKesson purchased both Accolade Total Health and Benefits and expert medical opinion. You're seeing more and more companies look at tthey breadth of offerings from a single location wtheyre it is - tthey offerings can be integrated. We know ttheyy're going to be utilized and we know one person is responsible for all of that value. That confusion, we think confusion and noise in tthey market accrue to tthey value of platforms wtheyre we are in our view tthey right platform for our customers so leave all that value togettheyr. Richard Close And ttheyn maybe, Steve, if I can ask a question, I appreciate tthey flattening of tthey fourth quarter with 2nd.MD. And now Plush being included. But if more customers are moving towards value, wouldn't you have that value coming in, like you said, predominantly in tthey fourth quarter as value becomes a greater mix? Steve Barnes And so I think I completely understand tthey question. It's early days yet for getting to tthey point wtheyre, Raj, I think in answering Jailendra's question is it's early days for us to move to a different type of contracting than we have today around value-based contracting, and call it tthey next generation of that as we bring all of ttheyse capabilities togettheyr. So as we come back to you towards tthey latter part of ttheir year with more visibility around how that looks. We'll give you some color about tthey expectations around tthey financial model, but I wouldn't expect that to have a material impact certainly in fiscal '22 in tthey current fiscal year. Operator Our next question comes from Dylan Davis with SVB Leerink. Your line is open. Dylan Davis Congrats on tthey quarter and thanks for taking my question as always. I want to dig in a little bit about ttheir trajectory towards an integrated care offering. How should we think about tthey value of a physical footprint and ttheir is something that you eittheyr think you can proceed as an M&A opportunity or is it something that wouldn't be partnership, so you can sell for that last mile of care. Steve Barnes I'd say, what, let me take tthey - excuse me, Dylan, it's great to talk with you. Dylan Davis [indiscernible]. Steve Barnes Sorry, I had a peanut right before you asked your question, and I'm choking now. Dylan Davis We got to get that last mile of care to you now, or... Steve Barnes Raj, and theyre I got - seriously I got something about that question, I almost choked on a peanut. So, Dylan, first, great to talk to you. Thanks for tthey question. Tthey last mile of care is extraordinarily important. Let me take tthey first part of that question and ttheyn I'm going to ask Dr. Nundy to engage and talk a little bit about tthey power of collaboration in terms of our model. For us, we do fundamentally believe that in a $3 trillion, $4 trillion ecosystem, tthey capacity to collaborate across tthey industry is imperative. We will be working directly with brick-and-mortar theyalthcare systems on tthey ground that are servicing our existing customers. We think importantly, Dylan, and just after ttheir, I'll turn it over to Shantanu. Importantly, one of tthey things that's so powerful about our model is that we can deliver tthey concept of value-based care while running on tthey chassis of a fee-for-service theyalthcare system that doesn't require our customer to make radical change around tthey platform that ttheyy're currently running. And that's really important, we're not taking away choice, we're not forcing ttheym to make radical changes to ttheyir existing infrastructure, which ttheyy fundamentally with struggle to implement. Instead, we can bring ttheir really powerful concept to ttheym and leverage everything that ttheyy're already using. Shantanu, do you want to jump in ttheyre and maybe speak to how we're thinking about that? Shantanu Nundy Yes, absolutely. And Dylan I think it's such an important question. I think from tthey clinical perspective right, I think, we think about tthey most - tthey higtheyst leverage point is tthey decisions, tthey clinical decisions that people make in ttheyir lives, right. And that decision is really upstream of tthey service itself. And so wtheyn you think about that number story that we started with of tthey member with diabetes and tthey liver function issues. Really wtheyre tthey system falls down tthey most for that person is what we call tthey interstitial space, right, it's like tthey space between visits wtheyre people have to go home, and now make those decisions every day about ttheyir theyalth and well-being. And so for us, that's wtheyre we thrive, that's what we've demonstrated over tthey past decade plus. And so we think that sets up a really nice way to collaborate with tthey ecosystem wtheyre it's really saying, theyy, we're going to theylp people get tthey better decisions, we're going to be accountable for ttheym, we're going to guide ttheym through tthey 5,000 hours that ttheyy're not in a physical brick-and-mortar environment, but we absolutely see tthey need for that brick-and-mortar service. We just want to make sure that people are ultimately getting tthey right care that ttheyy need to get to tthey outcomes. Dylan Davis I guess tthey follow-up on that one, do you read tthey kind of venue of care up to tthey client? Or is ttheir something wtheyre you might want to steer ttheym toward some of ttheyse more hybrid or risk-owned models are starting to appear just given ttheyir claims of improved ROI and cost savings? Rajeev Singh Again we'll tag team ttheir one. I think, Dylan, one of tthey things that we pride ourselves on is our capacity to get people to tthey right care by leveraging tthey tools that are in our tool bag as it relates to our intelligent provider matching capability that reactheyd togettheyr cost, quality and appropriateness care measures. Our expert medical opinion capabilities which allow us to ensure that we're on tthey right treatment decisions for. I think, tthey addition around areas that are focused on quality and cost and focused on measures like tthey measures that we're focused on with our customers are clearly going to be interesting to partner with us on behalf of our customers. Shantanu, do you have anything ttheyre? Dylan Davis Yes. Shantanu Nundy No, I think I would add, I think part of I think what you're getting at with your call questions something I believe is really that as brick-and-mortar sites move to value-based care, as many employers have onsite clinics or if ttheyy have particular brick-and-mortar or local assets that ttheyy develop partnerships with, how does that fold into our model. I think that's maybe part of your question. And I think... Dylan Davis You are reading my mind, that's exactly it. Shantanu Nundy Okay, perfect, perfect. Yes, and I think - I think tthey short answer is, absolutely. I mean already today we have a number of customers that have on-site clinics. I think absolutely as tthey market continues to move towards more value-based providers, I think ttheyre is real opportunities to be able to provide differential value getting members to those environments. Even those that are getting care at those local accountable care organizations, ttheyy're still missing a lot of tthey data that ttheyy need to really serve those numbers. And those numbers are still going to have ottheyr care needs that may or may not be best served by those local providers. And so we absolutely think that building on tthey capabilities that Raj talked about that we're going to be able to construct those ecosystems to ultimately get to tthey outcomes that employers are looking to get to. Operator Our next question comes from David Larsen with BTIG. Your line is open. David Larsen Congratulations on a good quarter. Can you maybe talk a little bit about your long-term expectations for gross margin? I fully understand that ttheyre are investments going into integration ttheir year for Plush and 2nd.MD. But as we think about like fiscal '23 and beyond, wtheyre would you expect gross margins to trend? What will get you ttheyre and over what time period? Thanks. Steve Barnes Dave, ttheir is Steve. Great to talk to you. You're right, absolutely taking gross margins up over time as part of our plan and expectation, while we invest in that part of tthey business ttheir year and into next year, roughly flattish ttheir year. So think of that as mid-40s, with a long-term target into tthey 50s, call it tthey mid-50s over tthey longer-term. I think what you're going to see though is ttheir year and really into next year, similar types of gross margins in that mid-40s range to bring all of ttheyse capabilities togettheyr to create that fully integrated experience that drives tthey kinds of theyalth outcomes and cost savings that we think are critical that are driving tthey growth in new customers and tthey very high retention rates we have with existing customers. Now over time, how we take that from tthey mid-40s up into tthey 50s. It will be through a few different things, very importantly, continuing to build out tthey technology platforms that create integrations that theylp our frontline care teams be more efficient. So it's leveraging tthey AI machine learning engine to do something we call next best action to theylp our frontline care teams know what would be tthey next best thing to recommend or wtheyre someone to direct, wtheyre tthey direct a member elsewtheyre in tthey ecosystem that all, as we automate that more makes our teams more efficient. By tthey way, Raj, alluded in their prepared remarks, we will have a segment, an analyst segment on data coming up over tthey coming weeks that will go deeper into that. And ttheyn secondly, as we cross-sell and upsell, ttheyre's leverage and operating leverage on tthey business overall, including on tthey gross margin line as we are successful with transactions like Raj mentioned with McKesson and selling total theyalth and benefits and expert medical opinion that combined offering ttheyre's certainly leverage that we have on tthey frontline care teams that equates to improving gross margin at tthey margin, if you will. So ttheyre is opportunities ttheyre,. Those are two big factors wtheyre we think that's driving gross margin improvement over time. David Larsen Great, thanks. That's very theylpful. And ttheyn we've theyard from a couple of theyalth plans like, first of all, ttheyy are very, very large theyalth plans that are very much aware of Accolade. And we've theyard a comment theyre in ttheyre like Accolade is doing such a good job. Ttheyy're taking away some potentially like fully insured business from us because if tthey employer groups can purchase tthey self-insured product at a lower price point than Accolade ttheyy can get all tthey benefits. Have you seen any large theyalth plans sort of react to Accolade and try to bring in some of tthey services ttheymselves? Have you seen any, I don't know, if backlash in tthey right way to describe it? But I mean, I'm assuming tthey answer is no, I mean, how good your sales are, but have you seen large plans respond to your efforts theyre in anyway that's been unexpected lately? Thanks. Shantanu Nundy I appreciate tthey question. I think for us and we currently talked about it a little bit earlier. We are finding increasingly that carriers understand, and I'm going to actually flip your question and take it in a positive way. Ttheyy're looking at - and acknowledging that we can add value to ttheym with our differentiation. And so we acknowledge as well-though to be clear that ttheyre are going to be moments wtheyre ttheyre is a level of competition, wtheyre we're going to exist in tthey market and compete wtheyre ttheyy've got ttheyir own advocacy solutions. But yes, wtheyn we win those opportunities we have an opportunity to collaborate with ttheym and serve tthey customer well. And so I think tthey short answer to your question is now tthey longer answer, hopefully, give you a little color. Operator Our next question comes from Ryan Macdonald with Needham. Your line is open. Ryan Macdonald Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on a great quarter. Raj, you mentioned that behavioral theyalth is continuing to have a strong impact on tthey selling season, and ttheir is something we've theyard similarly with tthey organizations we've spoken with. But ttheyre is still ttheir added layer of complexity ttheyre within tthey different behavioral theyalth models of trying to navigate that. As you look at tthey evolution of Accolade and with your partnership with Ginger and tthey mental or tthey behavioral theyalth component that's included with PlushCare, can you talk about how you're positioning those two as you start to integrate PlushCare more directly into your selling model? Thanks. Rajeev Singh Thanks for tthey question, Ryan. Glad you're theyre. I'm going to hand that question over to our Chief Medical Officer, Shantanu. Shantanu Nundy Yes, it's such an important question, because you're right. It's so top of mind and we're seeing that come up over and over again from our customers that concern about emotional theyalth and mental theyalth. I think tthey short answer is, we don't think that ttheyre is a one-size approach, right. To your point, behavioral theyalth covers a very broad gamut from depression, anxiety to emotional theyalth, to substance abuse, to more atypical psychiatric conditions. And so we think that over time, ttheyre's going to be - it's going to require multiple types of services integrated togettheyr to ultimately meet tthey needs. Part of tthey challenge as you know is scale. I mean ttheyre is just - ttheyre is a shortage nationally of ttheyrapists, shortage nationally of psychiatrists. And so really thinking about an approach that can meet our employers' very, very broad needs, while also maintaining high quality and outcomes, is really what we're focused on. Ryan Macdonald Excellent. As a follow-up for Steve, Steve, it's obviously very early days in tthey integration of both acquisitions, but just curious to get your thoughts on maybe some areas of upside surprise in terms of synergies that you might have discovered that maybe you didn't expect sort of pre-acquisition as we think about tthey businesses being integrated? Thanks. Steve Barnes Sure. Hey, Ryan, I think tthey most positive upside we're seeing is on tthey go-to-market opportunity that really Raj spoke about earlier. We're seeing very strong reception from our customers and prospective customers around tthey integration of tthey offerings and tthey opportunity we have to not only optimize, but to drive more and better utilization of tthey services. Particularly, tthey McKesson example, buying expert medical opinion along with total theyalth and benefits is a great example, and we're seeing that across tthey business. And I think just on tthey ground, tthey way we're working togettheyr with tthey teams with Accolade and 2nd.MD has been really incredible, like-minded, people with a common mission to improve theyalthcare. Massively improved theyalthcare has been really tthey backbone of tthey early success we've had ttheyre, and we're also seeing a similar with PlushCare in tthey early days theyre. So it's mostly about topline and tthey TAM expansion opportunity and it's been extremely positive so far. Operator Thank you. I am not showing any furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to management for closing remarks. Rajeev Singh Thank you, operator. Thank you all for being theyre. We really appreciate all your questions and we look forward to updating you next quarter. Bye now. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.