Accolade, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACCD) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call October 7, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Todd Friedman - SVP, IR Rajeev Singh - CEO Steve Barnes - CFO Shantanu Nundy - Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Jailendra Singh - Credit Suisse Michael Ctheyrny - Bank of America David Grossman - Stifel Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley Ryan Daniels - William Blair Richard Close - Canaccord Genuity Jeff Garro - Piper Sandler Ryan MacDonald - Needham Thomas Davis - SVB Leerink David Larsen - BTIG Vikram Kesavabhotla - Baird Operator Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Accolade Q2 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Todd Friedman, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Todd Friedman Thanks, Gigi. Welcome everyone to our fiscal second quarter earnings call. With me on tthey call today are our Chief Executive Officer, Rajeev Singh; and our Chief Financial Officer, Steve Barnes. Shantanu Nundy, our Chief Medical Officer, will join us for tthey question-and-answer portion of tthey call later. Before turning tthey call over to Rajeev, please note that we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are important wtheyn evaluating Accolade's performance. Details on tthey relationship between ttheyse non-GAAP measures to tthey most comparable GAAP measures and tthey reconciliations ttheyreof can be found in tthey press release that is posted on our website. Also, please note that certain statements made during ttheir call will be forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and ottheyr factors that could cause tthey actual results for Accolade to differ materially from those expressed or implied on ttheir call. For additional information, please refer to our cautionary statement in our press release and our filings with tthey SEC, all of which are available on our website. And with that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to our CEO, Rajeev Singh. Raj? Rajeev Singh Thanks, Todd. And thank you to everyone for joining us. Tthey second quarter was anottheyr strong quarter in our continuing growth and expansion as Accolade reinvents tthey theyalthcare market. Revenue and adjusted EBITDA were both out of guidance, and we added many new marquee customers across all of our solutions and segments. And we demonstrated tthey accelerated integration of our acquired companies with tthey launch of two new solutions. Steve will give you more details on our financial results a little bit later in tthey call. I want to spend some time today discussing our new solution and tthey continued evolution of our strategy and tthey growth of our target addressable market. Before I do, let me review some highlights of our execution since last quarter. Tthey demand environment for our solutions remains strong. And we added new customers across all market segments, and in new sales upgrades and cross sells. We added new customers and signed upgrades ttheir quarter with well-known companies like Tory Burch and Artisan Partners, as well as a global financial services brand and a global hospitality brand to name a few. And our theyalth plan partners also continue to add to our customer base. We also signed our first customers for Accolade Care. Tthey primary care and mental theyalth solution we announced at EVOLVE in September. Given that we only announced ttheir new offering last month, we're clearly pleased with our progress and our pipeline continued to expand. We're also excited to announce that we have two existing customers committed to be tthey vanguard customers for our new Accolade One solution. Since our IPO just a year ago, we've expanded our addressable market by 10x to more than $200 billion. That is manifesting in new opportunities for our business and represented by a growing pipeline across every market segment in in ttheyse new categories. Two weeks ago, we challenged tthey theyalthcare industry at our Patrickual Customer Event EVOLVE 21. We told our customers, our partners and tthey industry that it was time to move forward. That simply applying new technologies to tired old business models only serves to perpetuate tthey inefficiencies of a theyalth care industry that now makes up nearly 20% of GDP and deliver subpar outcomes at rising costs for employers. Our challenge included introducing a whole new category called Personalized Healthcare designed to deliver against tthey quadruple aim, better patient experience, improving theyalth outcomes, giving physicians tthey tools ttheyy need to serve ttheyir patients, and lowering theyalth care costs. And we announced two new solutions that specifically answer tthey call for Personalized Healthcare. Ttheyse new solutions Accolade Care and Accolade One bring togettheyr tthey capabilities of advocacy, expert medical counsels and primary care and mental theyalth. Employers of all sizes recognized that a positive theyalthcare experience is critical to delivering superior employee experience. You're seeing ttheir play out in loud voices across tthey country as millions of people leave ttheyir jobs seeking something that works better for ttheym. Sometimes that's a shorter commute. Sometimes it's a better boss. But more than half of all people who leave ttheyir jobs today cite a poor theyalth care experience as one of tthey main reasons ttheyy quit. Ttheir isn't just about cost reduction. It's about employee engagement in an era wtheyre employee engagement is a strategic imperative. Employers need a better way. I'd like to spend a minute now briefly outlining tthey category of Personalized Healthcare and ttheyn tell you more about Accolade Care and Accolade One. For starters, ttheyre are three key attributes for any offering in Personalized Healthcare. First, it's personal, we have to put tthey humanity back into theyalthcare. We hold tthey view that having a long lasting personal relationship matters. Too many have tried to replace people with technology inappropriately. Innovation and technology are good and ttheyy can make tthey experience better, but nothing can replace tthey human experiences in theyalthcare Two or second, it is data driven. We must harness tthey power of data to make theyalthcare better to make smart recommendations to build personalized theyalth plans to equip physicians with tthey most current clinical guidance. Machine learning and AI should be leveraged to make tthey experience more personal, not less. And lastly, it is value based. It's time to replace fee-for-service theyalthcare with value based care. It's time that we measure quality outcomes and satisfaction like we do in every ottheyr industry. Every Accolade solution is built on ttheyse core tenants. And ttheyse beliefs are foundational to who we are as a company, and who we've always been. With tthey introduction of Accolade One and Accolade Care, we now offer three different sets of solutions to our customers. First, advocacy solutions that we've been leading tthey market in for more than 10 years. Second, expert medical opinion solutions like Accolade Expert MD formerly known as 2nd.MD. And third, our new care solutions Accolade Care and Accolade One. Ttheir set of solutions unique in ttheyir breadth, allow us to meet customers with wtheyre ttheyy'd like to be met, and serve tthey need most important to ttheym in tthey current time. All of ttheyse solutions are built on a next generation technology stack that allows us to seamlessly weave capabilities across all of tthey offerings. Accordingly, capabilities like a true theyalth engine and action plan which provides tthey ability to process volumes of theyalthcare data to determine tthey next best action for one of our members can be blended with intelligent provider matching, which matctheys a position to a member based on cost and quality information or with benefits plan management. Tthey ability to ingest benefits plan documents at scale and translate ttheym into plain English. Every solution capability can be delivered via any of our core offerings. Ttheir nimble technology architecture coupled with our market leading data set and AI capabilities make all of our individual solutions uniquely powerful. Wtheyn we choose to develop or acquire new technologies like tthey HealthReveal capabilities mentioned in our press release that will strengttheyn our true theyalth action plans. Our technology diligence is critical to ensuring that new capabilities will work and scale within our architecture. We are building an operating system for tthey delivery of theyalthcare at scale. And we believe ttheir is a long-term competitive moat for our company. Now let's talk about ttheyse solutions that we're so excited about. Accolade Care represents a leap past tthey last generation or generation of one of tthey telemedicine solutions on tthey market. Ttheir virtual primary care and mental theyalth solution is unique because it not only blends primary care and mental theyalth via unique collaborative care model, it also incorporates tthey capabilities of Accolade's Advocacy Solutions, things like driving benefit solutions adoption, intelligent provider matching and care coordination. We expect Accolade Care to be a solution that's appealing to both new prospects in every market segment and a cross sell opportunity for our existing customers. Accolade Care is available now and as noted earlier already has its first customers. Pricing for tthey solution is on a PEPM basis plus visit fees with performance guarantees consistent with our contracts in tthey past. Accolade One is our most compretheynsive offering, delivering an integrated value based model to employers that includes a combination of nearly all of Accolade's capabilities, including a number of new innovations that are eittheyr available today or in development and demonstrated at EVOLVE. We expect Accolade One to be a significant upsell opportunities for customers that are already taking advantage of some of our solutions. While we will certainly present tthey solution to new prospects, we expect most prospects to choose to start with one of our core offerings before expanding ttheyir relationship with us. Pricing for tthey solution will be built off of our existing relationships and include value based gain sharing as we deliver incremental savings and improved clinical outcomes. It will be generally available next year, and we'd expect revenue contribution in our fiscal 2024. At EVOLVE, we also announced a rebrand for Accolade Expert MD, which previously sold as 2nd.MD, and Accolade Advocacy, our total theyalth and benefits total care and total benefits solutions. Tthey rebrand highlights tthey evolution of our offerings to include more capabilities and bring togettheyr tthey acquisitions into a more unified portfolio. Accolade Advocacy as always will still be sold in tiers, and that bundling will continue under tthey [technical difficulty]. One last note on EVOLVE 21, it was an inspiring event, we were able to showcase both our customers and our partners, as well as introducing our customers to our new integrated leadership team. Partners like Virta, Rx Savings, SWORD, Carrot and Ginger presented and a great list of customers also presented on ttheyir Accolade experience. Lastly, before I turn tthey call to Steve, I want to touch on one ottheyr piece of news in our today's press release about our acquisition of materially all tthey assets of HealthReveal. HealthReveal's capabilities address one of tthey most critical gaps in care delivery today, which is trying to ensure that all physicians are working with tthey most current evidence based guidelines wtheyn recommending courses of treatment for ttheyir patients. Today, that is a highly manual process largely done through print guidelines or hard to access online libraries. Wtheyn delivered via Accolade's through of action plans, HealthReveal’s recommendations will theylp ensure our primary care physicians are operating according to tthey most up-to-date evidence based guidelines, reinforcing our commitment to high quality personalized theyalth care at scale. With ttheir acquisition, we gained competitively differentiated IP and an extraordinarily talented team that we're pleased to welcome to Accolade. Well, ttheir is a very modestly sized acquisition, it's a good time to refresh at our core principles of M&A innovation and partnership. We're building a virtual forward personalized theyalthcare platform, so members always get tthey care ttheyy need wtheyn ttheyy need it. Our innovation engine continues to be a primary source of new capabilities, and we will continue to fund that engine. Our partnership engine is aligned to integrate partners who share our value orientation, are interested in meaningful integration and are committed to improving clinical outcomes in chronic conditions or specialty areas. Our M&A focus is on virtual forward solutions that eittheyr materially improve our current capabilities, or add new capabilities that impact tthey broad populations we serve. All of that is underpinned by a disciplined approach regarding valuation and P&L profile that are tthey foundation of our commitment to our shareholders. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Steve Barnes, our Chief Financial Officer to discuss our results and forward-looking guidance. Steve? Steve Barnes Thank you, Raj. First, I'll recap tthey results for tthey second quarter of fiscal '22. Keep in mind that we close tthey 2nd.MD acquisition in Q1 and tthey PlushCare acquisition in early Q2. We are appropriate, I'll provide color on tthey year-over-year comparisons beyond tthey tables in tthey press release. And you will find additional pro forma detail in tthey 10-Q. First, we generated $73.3 million in revenue in tthey second fiscal quarter, representing approximately 100% year-over-year growth on a GAAP basis over tthey prior year period, and a $2.3 million beat against tthey top end of our guidance range. In our 10-Q, we provide pro forma results for tthey combined businesses that showed 32% Q2 growth year-over-year. As we provide pro forma results per SEC requirements for tthey rest of tthey fiscal year. Keep in mind that we are selling our solutions both togettheyr and separately. So while tthey reported pro forma revenue growth and profitability numbers are intended to reflect tthey acquisitions as standalone, it may not always be a perfect representation of how we sell to customers and run tthey business overall. Tthey revenue outperformance relative to guidance was largely attributable to solid execution on multiple fronts, including favorable customer member accounts and positive contributions from PlushCare's direct-to-consumer business, both of which benefited adjusted EBITDA. I'll also note that PlushCare achieved a significant milestone ttheir past quarter, having crossed tthey threshold of 100,000 subscribers on tthey direct-to-consumer platform in just two years after launching tthey subscription element of that offering. We are bullish on tthey growth opportunity of our virtual primary care business both via tthey direct-to-consumer model and to enterprises via Accolade Care and Accolade One Fiscal Q2 adjusted gross margin of 40.9% compared to 43.3% in tthey prior year period, reflecting investments in staffing our frontline care teams to support growth and integration. As stated in prior earnings calls, we expect adjusted gross margin to remain relatively flat on a full-year basis compared to fiscal 2021. Adjusted EBITDA in tthey second quarter of fiscal '22 outperformed guidance with a loss of $19.4 million, which compares to $8.7 million in tthey prior year second fiscal quarter. Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at tthey end of fiscal second quarter totaled $384 million. Note that during tthey quarter we paid approximately $34 million net of cash acquired and working capital adjustments related to tthey PlushCare acquisition. Finally, we had approximately 66.3 million shares of common stock outstanding as of August 31, 2021. Ttheir does not include approximately 3.6 million shares to be issued in calendar '22, related to tthey 2nd.MD and PlushCare earn outs. And now turning to guidance. For tthey fiscal third quarter ending November 30, 2021, we expect revenue in tthey range of $74.5 million to $76.5 million, and adjusted EBITDA loss in tthey range of $21.5 million to $24.5 million. As noted in tthey press release, revenue guidance for fiscal Q3 includes approximately $2.5 million from performance guarantees that have been earned and we expect to recognize in fiscal Q3 rattheyr than fiscal Q4. And for tthey fiscal year ending February 28, 2022, we expect revenue in tthey range of $303 million to $307 million, representing approximately 79% growth over tthey prior year at tthey midpoint. We are reiterating adjusted EBITDA loss for fiscal '22, which is expected to be in tthey range of $49 million to $54 million, representing an adjusted EBITDA loss of approximately negative 17% of revenues at tthey midpoint. Before we open up tthey call for your questions, I'd like to address some of tthey top items we've been getting from investors over tthey past few weeks. First, I'll provide some color about tthey macro environment, particularly around tthey labor market and tthey Delta Variant impact. And ttheyn I'll talk a bit about tthey financial model for our new solutions that Raj mentioned. I'll start with a broad remark about Accolade's business. We have never felt better about our company, our solutions, our people, our customers, and our market opportunity. Coming off of EVOLVE, we are theyaring feedback from customers that not only validates tthey personalized theyalthcare category, but tells us that our relationships are going to progress in a significant and positive way over tthey coming years. We'll continue to invest against that opportunity, balanced with financial discipline as we've consistently said. And with all of that said, we see tthey same things that you do in tthey macro environment. Tthey labor market is tight in many areas, and tthey Delta variant is still creating an unusual theyalthcare spending environment. We've seen virtual care continue to grow as people avoid doctor's offices and become more accustomed to virtual care. But we've also seen pressure on second opinion volumes as people defer elective procedures. As you can see from our guidance, we raised our top-line to reflect tthey Q2 outperformance, but much as we did last year in tthey early days of tthey pandemic, we will continue to take a measured approach to our outlook through tthey end of tthey year. Now with respect to our new offerings, Accolade One and Accolade Care, we'd like to outline some key points on our revenue and pricing models. Raj addressed tthey pricing models for ttheyse solutions, and I'd like to give you some quick model color. First, in our view, ttheyre is no need for changes to models at ttheir time. From a timing perspective, we have initial pilot customers for Accolade One and we will be marketing Accolade One and Accolade Care as part of our portfolio during calendar year 2022 for what we'd expect to be January 1, 2023 launctheys. So we expect no impact to tthey current fiscal year and a relatively small financial impact in fiscal 2023 and ttheyn growing in fiscal 2024, albeit still relatively small compared to tthey full Accolade business in our core advocacy solutions. We expect over time that as we drive ttheir incremental value, we will earn more revenue per customer and contribute to our goals of gross margin expansions. And second, we reiterate our expectations for tthey long-term operating metrics that we've outlined previously, particularly revenue growth in tthey 25% range, gross margins greater than 50% and long-term operating margins as measured by adjusted EBITDA in tthey 15% to 20% range. On pricing, Accolade Care will consist of PEPM revenues and visit fees from virtual primary care visits, mental theyalth support and some advocacy services and include performance guarantees. Accolade One will go a step furttheyr employing a value based care model that will include upside elements to our revenue that will allow us to share in tthey benefits of improved outcomes and incremental savings that we expect to drive for our customers. Ttheir is consistent with our theirtory of putting a portion of our fees at risk. As you know, our current contracts for Accolade Advocacy generally include about 10% of fees at risk for cost savings as an additional 20% at risk for tthey achievement of various value drivers such as member engagement levels and satisfaction. We've consistently demonstrated success in ttheyse measures, having theirtorically earned more than 95% of that total PEPM fee opportunity in our advocacy offerings and through third party validations of our cost savings including two in-depth studies by Aon. We have strong conviction based on our past success that weaving togettheyr primary care, mental theyalth support, expert medical opinion and ottheyr clinical programs will enable us to drive materially higtheyr cost savings for customers via Accolade One. And with that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Raj. Rajeev Singh Thanks, Steve. I am going to close tthey call by thanking our newly formed team. Six months ago, we were three completely separate businesses executing against different strategies and different objectives. To see ttheir team come togettheyr so quickly and deliver a three day customer event speaking as a single team with integrated solutions and a single voice validated not only tthey strategy behind tthey acquisitions, but more importantly validated our judgment about tthey quality of tthey people across ttheyse organizations. Thank you to tthey team. Operator, I'd now like to open tthey call up to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jailendra Singh of Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Jailendra Singh Yes, thank you and thanks for tthey color on tthey economics. But I want to better understand tthey economics for Accolade One around how value based pricing is going to work. So will you be taking any downside risk or is it going to be all upside potential? And I know you talked about Accolade One will not contribute until fiscal 2024. But I was wondering if any early feedback or interest level you can share from your customers at ttheir point? Steve Barnes Hi, Jailendra. It's Steve. Let me start off with tthey pricing model and have Raj weigh in a bit on some of tthey early customer feedback and we can hit some of tthey expectations on wtheyn we would expect that revenue to flow. So think of Accolade One as tthey compretheynsive offering with tthey integration of all of our capabilities, okay. And as Raj mentioned in their comments, ttheir is likely to start as an up-sell to customers that are already taking advantage of some of our solutions. Tthey revenue model if you - let's compare it to Accolade Total Health and Benefits, because I think that's a good way to start. Importantly, we want to know - we want you to think of ttheir as a fees at risk model. Ttheir is not to be thought of as a fully capitated medical risk model like a Medicare Advantage model. Think of it more ttheir way. If you think of our typical Total Health and Benefits customer having something like 70% of our [PEPM] (ph) fees fixed with 30% on a performance basis, and about 10% of that on a savings basis, what we're looking to do is as we drive more savings for tthey customer is to have Accolade participate in that additional savings to tthey upside. Now to your point on tthey downside, we think about it roughly ttheir way. We may go something like 50% fixed instead of 70% fixed and ttheyn have some upside to call it 125% or 130% to take advantage of that additional savings on top of tthey 100% if you want to think of it that way on a gain share basis. Importantly, Jailendra, we go back to tthey point that we have a track record of earnings, or 95% of our PEPM fee and view that downside risk as highly manageable, and on tthey upside tthey opportunity to participate in additional savings that we would expect to occur because we're going so much farttheyr beyond just tthey advocacy offering into clinical areas around virtual primary care, mental theyalth and expert medical opinion that we think ought to drive that additional savings. Rajeev Singh And just a follow up to that. It's great to talk to you and thanks for being theyre. Ttheir is Raj just jumping in on tthey customer interest. We obviously have two customers already that we've announced as Vanguard customers. Those two customers are actually in process of preparing for deployment going into tthey pilot period. We also have significant interest coming out of EVOLVE wtheyre a number of our customers have reactheyd out to us and sctheyduled time to go through what Accolade One is, how tthey integration will work and how tthey model will work. And so it's a little early to give you a much color on how many customers will embrace it, but what we can tell you is feedback from EVOLVE, interests in terms of generation of pipeline has all been positive. Jailendra Singh Okay. And ttheyn my quick follow up on tthey EBITDA guidance update, can you provide more details on what are tthey new incremental costs you're reflecting in second half, which is resulting in full year guidance unchanged, despite EBITDA coming in better in tthey quarter as it related to all kind of tthey labor market situation or is something else going on? Just theylp us understand tthey EBITDA guidance update. Steve Barnes Sure. Primarily, Jailendra, it reflects additional investments as we're making thinking about tthey combined offerings and going - taking ttheym to market. So you'll see in tthey fiscal second quarter results, wtheyn you look at tthey OpEx line, you'll see tthey sales and marketing line growing a bit into tthey low 20s, low to mid 20% range as a percentage of revenue that reflects go-to market investments that we're making. You will also see some of that spend in tthey product and - tthey products and technology line. And certainly, ttheyre are some impacts around wages and labor that are flowing through ttheyre as well. I wouldn't point to that as a material factor. I would really point to tthey investments we're making around tthey new offerings. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Ctheyrny of Bank of America. Your line is open. Michael Ctheyrny Afternoon and appreciate, again, all tthey details as well. Raj, you spent some time at tthey beginning talking about some of tthey marquee wins you had both within tthey core and ttheyn obviously you talked about tthey Vanguard wins and Accolade Care. Can you give us a little bit more qualitative big picture overview on what was going on in tthey selling season? What activity levels tended to be like versus previous years? And at least in terms of how you were thinking about tthey rollout and some of tthey wins that you've been able to generate? Do you feel happy, comfortable with how things shook out versus wtheyre your plan, your team, your sales force was incentivized to go? Rajeev Singh Mike, first of all, great to talk to you. Thanks for making time for us. We're about now a little bit into tthey third quarter of tthey year. And what we found, I think a couple of things that I tried to call out in some of my prepared remarks. First, by entering tthey care delivery space, we've materially expanded our market. And so, we actually both saw two Vanguard customers for Accolade One, but also two customers for Accolade Care an offering that we actually just announced in late September. And so tthey idea that we're seeing that pipeline develop, we're also seeing expansion of that pipeline we're really excited about. Also in pointing out that we actually saw customer signings in every core segment across every one of our markets - every one of our products our offering. Also pointing to tthey fact that, we're looking at tthey demand environment, seeing an expanding pipeline, seeing continued wins with major customers, one of tthey major customers, I mentioned a major hospitality corporation. We just got approval to say ttheyir name. It's Hyatt Corporations. It just happened a little bit before we publittheyyd our press release. And so, we're seeing great wins with marquee brands. And what we're really seeing Mike, in my mind is an increasing alignment with large employers and small looking at tthey idea of platform to weave togettheyr everything that ttheyy do within acknowledgement that tthey demand was - that tthey point solutions in tthey market are somewhat overwtheylming for buyers to manage. Our capacity to weave togettheyr that personalized theyalthcare platform, we think is voting really well for us today and will do even more for us tomorrow. Michael Ctheyrny And you actually dovetailed nicely into what my follow up question was going to be regarding that complexity you're seeing on tthey digital theyalth benefits. Obviously, Accolade has theirtorically been focused on your ecosystem partners, trusted suppliers, tthey terms that you use. As you think about a go forward basis, how is that evolving in terms of parties that want to work with you versus parties that might want to go out on ttheyir own? And how does that factor into tthey value proposition that you're able to deliver in terms of tthey pitch forward for ongoing new customer wins? Rajeev Singh I'm going to take tthey first half of that question, Mike, and I'm going to let Shantanu Nundy, our Chief Medical Officer, who really drives all our clinical partnerships, take tthey second part of that question or speak to how we're pushing - how we're selecting partners and working togettheyr. From our perspective, ttheir is very much a customer driven need. Customers are coming to us and saying what we want is a manicured set of partners that you can bring to bear wtheyre you can warrant for us tthey engagement levels that will be driven, tthey clinical outcomes that will be driven and a sense of stability or capacity from a financial stability, security perspective, et cetera of that particular vendor. And so, we're not seeing a lot of partners say I want to go, I want to do something separately. In fact, tthey demand for partners into tthey platform is pretty high. Shantanu, will you add a little around how we're thinking about partners moving forward? Shantanu Nundy Yes, absolutely. It's a great question. Wtheyn we think about tthey personalized theyalthcare, right, I mean, tthey whole idea tthey third pillar on value base, that's really our north star, right. So, I think, as we think about tthey different categories we're looking at, what are tthey cost drivers, right, that employers we're dealing with? We're thinking about what are tthey clinical outcomes that ttheyy're able to warrant. We're also looking at that member experience. That's really critical, and that's a huge challenge and top of mind for employers as ttheyy think more and more about tthey employee experience. And so that's really driving a lot of our partner selection decisions and allowing us to continually warrant better clinical outcomes. Operator Thank you. Next question comes from David Grossman of Stifel. Your line is open. David Grossman Thank you. Good afternoon. Maybe I could just start with a quick financial question. If - I don't know if I did my math, right. But it looks like tthey implied fourth quarter revenue guidance implies a pretty significant deceleration in tthey year-over-year growth even if you add that $2.5 million of performance fees. Is my math right? Or if not - if it is, can you provide some color on kind of what may be going on may be impacting that comparison? Steve Barnes Sure, David. It's Steve. Thanks for tthey question. And absolutely, we'll walk you through how to think about that. First of all, wtheyn you think about tthey first half of tthey year and tthey performance we had and solid execution, raising tthey guidance, we did pull forward that $2.5 million. We also last quarter pulled toward about $1 million. So if you take that pro forma growth rate and add that in - add that $3.5 million, you get back up into tthey territory of wtheyre I think you would probably be expecting to see. That all said, one of tthey very important things we're doing theyre today is similar to wtheyre we were ttheir time last year, unfortunately, given tthey Delta variant type late markets, we are taking a measured approach to tthey full year, to tthey rest of tthey year. And given sometimes tthey lumpiness of tthey quarterly revenues and tthey bookings, we really do guide you to think about tthey full year growth rate. And wtheyn you look at it from that perspective, we're looking at a high 20s on a pro forma basis, call it 28% growth rate, which gets you to that point we've talked about before, 25-ish percent for Accolade, Tthey legacy PlushCare and 2nd.MD business is growing on a plus 30 basis. But what you're seeing ttheyre, canceling out for tthey fourth quarter is that bit of our view to take a pragmatic approach while tthey markets are a bit volatile right now and that's wtheyre you see that guide coming in. David Grossman Got it. Thank you very much for that clarification. And maybe if I could just step over to some of tthey conversation about Accolade One, and I'm just curious, I know you only have a short window of experience in talking to customers about ttheir product and sounds like you've a couple that are going to go into a pilot phase. But as you're talking to ttheym, how does ttheir impact wtheyn ttheyy talk to you about tthey product? How ttheyy view ttheyir traditional payer relationships, because so much of what we're really offering is really a new and different way and disruptive way of delivering something very similar. So just curious if you have any feedback thus far. Rajeev Singh Absolutely, David. And one of tthey things that we're most excited about is that we're able to approach our customers with a value proposition that ctheycks a lot of boxes that ttheyy've been thinking about for a number of years. Wtheyn you think about Accolade One, we're improving access to care. We're improving tthey affordability of care. We're solving some theyalth equity issues associated with that access to care issue in markets wtheyre it's been a profound problem for most of tthey customers that we serve. In all of those respects, David, I would say, we're solving tthey problem in a brand new way and not in a way that ttheyy perceived was tthey responsibility of ttheyir carrier, meaning ttheyy're looking for broader, more holistic solutions that we've togettheyr longitudinal relationships that solve access to care problems on tthey front end, and that's all clinical outcomes on tthey back-end. That's a shift in tthey mentality of buyers moving away from transactional care, moving away from condition focused care and move into that longitudinal model. We think that more and more of those very same customers are coming to us and saying, what you're doing is giving me tthey capacity to deliver on tthey hypottheysis of value based care without changing tthey fundamental rails of tthey system. I've already built my entire ecosystem on. I don't have to change my carrier, I don't have to change my plan design, I don't have to change my network, and I can get all ttheir value. And so I might flip that on its theyad a little bit, David and say, in fact, what we're really doing is enabling for our customers and ttheyir payer relationship, tthey opportunity to let tthey status quo remain, while delivering outcomes and results that materially improve tthey status quo. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Ricky Goldwasser Yes. Hi, good afternoon, and thanks for taking my question. So I wanted to unpack a little bit more sort of some of tthey near term trends you are seeing. Tthey first maybe if we can start I think we've seen 32% year-over-year revenue growth on a pro forma basis. Can you just give us tthey color on off that 32%, what's tthey year-over-year growth for core versus tthey year-over-year that you've seen from tthey acquisitions? And ttheyn secondly, ttheir can count as my follow-up question. Clearly, ttheyre are things that were better in tthey quarter that trended better than you expected, and theynce tthey upside. But ttheyn, to your comment, you're seeing theyadwinds from deferral of surgeries, it's impacting second opinion, it sounds like potentially retention at least in tthey near term, and employers could be an issue. So can you just theylp us kind of like unpack and maybe kind of like theylp bridge between and quantify on what tthey upside was, and ttheyn kind of like tthey offsets, I think that would really theylp us as we think about our modelling not just for tthey second-half of tthey year, but also tthey comparisons into next year? Steve Barnes Sure. Hey, Ricky. It's Steve. Couple things. So wtheyn you look at tthey 32% pro forma growth rate, it's actually theyalthy across tthey three businesses you'll see in tthey queue, or we unpack that for Accolade's core businesses in tthey range of that 32% number and for each of tthey 2nd.MD and PlushCare and 30% as well. So very strong performance that way across tthey board, meaning wtheyn we reflect on those comments about membership and labor markets, is really thinking prospectively wtheyn we think about tthey second half, and wtheyre we may see some impact of tthey variant in tthey labor markets. Now, with respect to expert medical opinion, I will note that into that point with some of those expert medical opinions are down a bit as we're seeing fewer elective procedures happening in parts of tthey country. So ttheyre's some ttheyre that you'll see tthey 2nd.MD sequential quarter growth is fairly flat. On tthey flip side, virtual primary care visits we saw is very strong through tthey PlushCare direct to consumer platform. And as Raj was just noting, tthey bullish view we have towards tthey opportunity with tthey enterprise around virtual primary care comes from that as well. So interestingly, our diversification of that within tthey platform is showing up in tthey sense that tthey virtual primary care visits have been positive wtheyre ttheyre has been a bit of theyadwind on tthey extra medical opinion side at tthey moment for those reasons. Ricky Goldwasser Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Daniels of William Blair. Your line is open. Ryan Daniels Yes, thank you for taking tthey questions. Ttheir is a little bit of a follow up on an earlier one. But I'm curious as a lot of tthey point solutions appear to be coalescing around tthey navigation space and providers. I think it's driving a lot of M&A in tthey space. I think we saw Virgin today by Welltok and some ottheyr M&A activity. So I'm curious, what you're seeing is you go to tthey sales pipeline on tthey competitive front, if that's changed a lot, or if your acquisitions and continued innovation have really allowed you to stay atheyad of tthey curve ttheyre? Rajeev Singh Thanks for tthey question, Ryan. We do fundamentally believe that ttheir concept of personalized theyalthcare and tthey idea of personalized theyalth care platforms that are built forward on human relationship powered by data, and everything that that implies around artificial intelligence and machine learning and measurable around value based outcomes, but that is fundamentally differentiated and continues to be differentiated in tthey marketplace. Tthey way we've always talked about ttheir and I know you might have theyard ttheir from us before Ryan, tthey break up tthey competition in multiple forms. You mentioned Welltok ttheyre are those companies out ttheyre that are digital forward solutions really geared around driving digital only or highly digital engagement. And ttheyre are categories solutions like that, that traditionally drive lower engagement levels, and are willing to warrant real cost savings on a population basis. Ttheyre are also companies in tthey traditional navigation space, who have focus on navigation as a whole, but not necessarily woven togettheyr some of tthey ottheyr components of tthey story around provider selection around tthey virtual primary care and mental theyalth and around things like downstream expert medical consultations. In those regards, we think we have an opportunity to materially improve tthey performance or tthey delivery of value based care and savings and an engagement levels. Ttheyre's also a category of competitors out ttheyre, as you mentioned, ttheyre's a wide variety of players in tthey space, who are episodic in nature, who are looking at transactional care or looking at moments in time wtheyre consumers are entering tthey theyalthcare system and attempting to theylp those consumers during those moments. We think those episodic solutions have value but are unable to manage population theyalth and long-term cost reduction on a population basis. And ttheyn finally, ttheyre's on site near side providers in tthey space, who are also really in our view focused on those transactional moments wtheyre without access to claims data, without access to tthey data set underneath that longitudinal journey, ttheyy're unable to provide tthey longitudinal care necessary. And so in summarizing all of that, Ryan, tthey categories of competitors have certainly expanded, different companies are acknowledging tthey value of navigation, tthey value of a data set that we've spent 10, 12 years as cumulating and tthey value of longitudinal relationships. We're pleased with tthey idea that many of ttheyse concepts are ones that we've been talking about for tthey last 10 years, and that we're building everything that we've acquired and built on our own on top of those principles. Ryan Daniels That's very theylpful color. I appreciate that. And ttheyn maybe as a follow up, and taking a different twist on ttheir, does it actually open up with your broader capabilities, new market potential for you, you mentioned near site and on site, we talked about value based care and some of tthey providers taking on MA risk or provider groups entering into ACOs or commercial shared savings. Is ttheyy take on that risk and EVOLVE ttheyir models, ttheyy may look to someone like an Accolade that can theylp ttheym with engagement and second opinions and network management kind of everything that you do for your core employer customer. So do you see that as a market that can also open up for you longer term given tthey capability set and in some of tthey needs that ttheyy have to stay competitive? Thanks. Rajeev Singh Yes, I think it's such a great question, Ryan, in part because it really points to tthey fact that what we really put togettheyr both through our own innovation and tthey innovation of tthey companies that we've now made it part of tthey Accolade family is a suite of capabilities that ranged from primary care to finding tthey best doctor using cost and quality data to consuming benefits data at scale. So that we can make you aware of tthey benefits program in your ecosystem to being able to process millions of claims, per day, per week, so that we can understand wtheyre you are in your journey and understand what tthey financial impacts of all of ttheyse theyalthcare incursions are. Each of those capabilities are interesting to our partners on a standalone basis. And for some of our partners, ttheyy're interested in our offerings as a whole, what you've seen from us over tthey course of tthey last two or three years, is we've gone from a company that really sold exclusively directly to employers to now a company that derives a material portion of our customer relationships with theyalth plans and ottheyrs who are looking to take advantage of those capabilities in a way that gives significant value to tthey remainder of tthey ecosystem ttheyy've assembled for ttheyir customers. So I'm not speaking specifically to tthey examples that you gave Ryan. But we've built an architecture and a set of capabilities that allow us to be extremely partner friendly with partners who share our value orientation and share our desire to fix theyalthcare. And so that was a long winded way of saying yes, Ryan Daniels I appreciate it. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Richard Close with Canaccord Genuity. Your line is open. Richard Close Yes, thanks for tthey questions. Congratulations on tthey results. Appreciate tthey comments and being bullish on tthey virtual primary care. I'm curious how you're thinking about tthey competitive environment in ttheir sub-segment. You said you were selling all tthey products on a standalone and I'm curious wtheyttheyr you're bumping into tthey likes of Teladoc or any ottheyrs and how ttheyse conversations are going with potential customers? Rajeev Singh Thanks for tthey question and appreciate you being theyre. I think, let me give you a color on tthey competitive landscape, certainly in tthey virtual primary care and mental theyalth space which is wtheyre we play with Accolades Care. We would be bumping into tthey competitors that you might expect who have staked a claim in eittheyr telemedicine, urgent care or in primary care in some way shape or form. So that list of competitors is unlikely to be different than tthey one you might expect it to be. Wtheyre we differentiate in that respect is at our core. We've added to tthey capability to deliver primary care and mental theyalth, a set of capabilities underneath that, that you might more often equate or associate with navigation, we can theylp you understand what your benefits are, and ttheyn actually prescribe those benefits right from tthey doctor's visit. We can theylp you understand which physician you're supposed to see using data. So that wtheyn we send you to that position, and we book that appointment for you, we know we're getting used with tthey best possible doctor, those capabilities, which previously have been under tthey cover or offices of our navigation tools are now also available in our Accolade Care offering that's fundamentally differentiated. And so to us, what we're really excited about is tthey pipelines growing ttheyre. We signed our first couple of deals faster than we expected to, which has now happened twice. Tthey same thing happened with expert medical opinion a quarter ago, as we're seeing demand from new prospects. And ttheir is very exciting. We're seeing customers particularly after our EVOLVE conference just two weeks ago, raising ttheyir hands and ttheyy want to know more. And ttheyir familiarity with our existing solutions and those existing navigation capabilities make tthey Accolade Care offering even more sensible to ttheym. And so that pipeline continues to grow. And I think maybe to your point, those are a set of transactions or deals that we didn't get to play in 2020. So theyre we are in 2021. That's a brand new category. And we're excited about tthey fact that we're starting to see victories in that brand new category. Richard Close Thanks. Very theylpful ttheyre. And I guess my follow up going back to one in tthey two companies that are going to pilot that respect that you guys aren't announcing who those actual clients are, but to me give us a little bit of a description of maybe like tthey scale of tthey company or sort of any characteristics specific to ttheym? Rajeev Singh Absolutely. Two parts of that story, because ttheyre is two customers. One, we're unable to give you tthey exact name, but we can tell you it's a company that you would call in tthey Fortune 500, very large business that's leveraging tthey solution. Ttheyy're an existing customer chose to be one of our Vanguard Accolade One customers, and really leveraging it, and ttheir is maybe a little bit more color than we've previously provided, leveraging it not just for all tthey capabilities that we've talked about, but leveraging at its core as a part of an initiative within ttheyir business to address theyalthcare inequity. And that's something really exciting for us, ttheir idea that our solutions can be at tthey at tthey pointy end of tthey spear for a company that has a corporate initiative around inequity and addressing inequity and theyalthcare equity being right at tthey front of that for ttheym was one of tthey drivers of ttheym embracing Accolade One. Tthey second customer I can actually name today because ttheyy've begun talking about it publicly. It's a company called Meta Source, and so it's a smaller company with recall it several 1000 employees smaller than ttheir obviously ttheir global 500 not a small company, but what we tried to do with ttheyse Vanguard customers was pick one large customer and pick one midsize customer so that we could demonstrate ttheir value and with tthey different needs of customers of those sizes. What we're theyaring in terms of interest from our customer base though is across tthey book. And so we've seen mid-market enterprise and strategic customers raise ttheyir hand to learn more about wtheyre we are. Richard Close Thank you very much. That's very theylpful. Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Garro of Piper Sandler. Your line is open. Jeff Garro Yes, good afternoon thanks for taking tthey questions. I want to ask about your channel partners. So two parts tthey first is just if you could give any color on tthey contribution ttheir selling season from channel partners and second part is looking forward our channel partners excited about offering Accolade One and Accolade Care, and what kind of education is needed to really arm those partners for success in ttheyir? Rajeev Singh Thanks for your question, Jeff. Great to talk. We are seeing continued attraction. So wtheyn you talk about partners ttheyre are multiple varieties of partners that we work with. We certainly work with plans who are offering our solutions to ttheyir customers. We also work with brokers and consultants, who are recommending us to ttheyir clients and/or working with us to educate ttheyir teams on tthey value propositions that we deliver. Our theyalth plan channel continues to strengttheyn. We continue to see value in working with plans to accentuate or drive value to ttheyir solutions by leveraging our engagement and clinical capabilities and we expect that part of our business to continue to grow over time. I think that tthey core of your question Jeff is, are those theyalth plans or ottheyr partners finding value in Accolade One and in Accolade Care. And what we can tell you definitively is tthey need from our partner community to find virtual forward theyalthcare solutions that address things like access and affordability of care alongside longitudinal care journeys is very, very real. And so, absolutely, tthey interest in that partner channel has expanded in part because we've got a brand new value proposition that we can deliver to ttheym with expert medical opinion in virtual primary care and mental theyalth. Those are conversations we could not have with many of our plan partners and ottheyr partners in just six or nine months ago. Those conversations have opened up brand new paths for us to add value, and we're excited about wtheyre ttheyy might leave. Jeff Garro Excellent. That theylps. And my follow up, we'll switch gears a little bit. It's been anottheyr interesting year in terms of theyalthcare utilization. So I'm just curious wtheyre visibility is towards achieving performance fees related to tthey calendar 2021 period that will impact your fiscal fourth quarter at ttheir point in tthey year and how that's been factored into tthey guidance? Steve Barnes Sure, theyy, Jeff. A quick reminder for everybody that for our Total Health and Benefits Customers that point of, call it, 10% or so of tthey PEPM fees, saving space, and you've got anottheyr 20% on performance based guarantees. Performance based - excuse me, operational PGs are things like clinical outcomes, engagement rates, customer satisfaction, we're typically measuring those as tthey year goes along. And for savings, you measure that typically on a calendar year. Contract year typically goes January through December. I would say ttheir, we've got about six months or so data theyre halfway through tthey year claims data lag by a couple months, so we're looking at six or seven months of data. What we're doing in our guidance ttheyre, Jeff, is factoring in, taking a really pragmatic approach again to tthey end of tthey year, knowing we've got a track record of earning 95% of tthey whole PEPM fee typically in high spend and low spend environments, as mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, it's a bit unusual with theyalthcare spending going on right now in tthey world. So, we are going to just factor that in with a bit of measured approach to tthey year. And again, similar approach to what we would have taken ttheir time last year. Jeff Garro Got it. Thanks again. Steve Barnes Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan MacDonald, Needham. Your line is open. Ryan MacDonald Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Raj, maybe first one for you. Obviously, you're servicing a lot of inbound demand right now for tthey new products and tthey rebrand. But given how much tthey portfolio of offerings has evolved over tthey past 12 months? As you start to think about next year and proactively going out to market and you're getting past that inbound demand servicing, how are you educating or structuring tthey sales organization in terms of what ttheyy'll be leading with ttheir greatly expanded use cases? Rajeev Singh That's a great question, Ryan. Thank you for being theyre. First of all, I think, tthey first important element for us was an acknowledgement that by virtue of tthey expanded capabilities of tthey company, it was imperative that we redefine not just who we are, but what we think tthey industry is demanding, and ttheyrefore what we're responding to do. That's personalized theyalthcare, right. And tthey idea of personalized theyalthcare is, we believe all of our solutions fall into that umbrella, that umbrella of human forward, wtheyttheyr you're buying our advocacy solutions, our expert medical opinion solutions or our care solution, you're going to find that we're going to deliver you a human relationship. We're going to power it with data. So we're going to be very smart about leveraging tthey underpinning data asset that we've been building for tthey last 12 years to guide our action. And all of it's going to be built around ttheir value measurable orientation, everything we do, wtheyttheyr that's performance guarantees, incentives, or fees at risk, put us in alignment with tthey customer, which all three of those things we think are fairly unique in tthey industry. And so, all of our solutions are built around that idea. Tthey reason that's important Ryan is we've been talking about ttheir since we've been public. Our mission is to meet tthey customer wtheyre ttheyy want to be met. And an acknowledgement that some customers are looking at access to care issues or looking at primary care deserts and thinking ttheir is tthey problem I have to solve. And for those customers, our teams are going to be really smart about positioning Accolade Care is tthey right solution for ttheym. Ottheyrs are looking at solving ottheyr problems around more acute conditions, cancer treatments, et cetera. Those might be customers looking at expert medical opinion. And, of course, we've been leading tthey advocacy or navigation space for tthey last 10 years and we expect to continue to participate in all tthey RFPs and all tthey evaluations that are happening in that space, and really in many respects to be creating those. And so, we're not fundamentally restructuring tthey sales organization in any way shape or form, Ryan. We've got a sales team that's focused on plans. We've got a team focused on mid-market, on tthey enterprise segment and on tthey strategic segment. What we've done is really given ttheym more tools in ttheyir bag, so that as ttheyy understand tthey customers' needs, which is what ttheyy're really trained to do, discover what tthey customers pain points are that ttheyy have now, in our view, tthey biggest bag or tthey largest - or tthey greatest breadth of potential offerings for those customers to solve ttheyir problems with that orientation around those first three values that I talked about. Ryan MacDonald Very theylpful. And ttheyn just a quick follow up. Tthey HealthReveal acquisition, tthey technology ttheyre looks pretty unique and differentiated. I would just love to know a little bit more about how that functionality can expand upon what you've got with tthey true theyalth engine already. Thanks. Shantanu Nundy Yes, that's a fantastic question. We're - ttheir is Shantanu Nundy. We're super excited about ttheir. As you alluded to core to Accolade has been our next best action capability, right. So ttheir idea of using all tthey data that we have, translating into insights, and putting that right into our workflow, so that our frontline care team can guide members on what's tthey clinically most impactful next step for ttheym. What HealthReveal does, what ttheyy figured out is really how to deliver a much deeper set of clinical insights, using not only claims data and some of tthey data that Accolade theirtorically have had, but also electronic theyalth record data. And so for us, ttheir was a capability that was on our roadmap. And for us, we really think of ttheir as a huge accelerator to be able to, again, bring a lot more of those evidence based clinical insight to our physician, and also to tthey rest of our frontline care team, which we think aligns really well with personalized theyalth care, tthey whole second pillar around being data driven. Ryan MacDonald Excellent, thanks again. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Thomas Davis with SVB Leerink. Your line is open. Thomas Davis Thank you for taking my question guys. I want to continue on an earlier thought. If we want to roll forward tthey idea that care navigation is becoming table stakes and it's a bit more commonplace in general for some of ttheyse digital platforms that have a care navigation play inside of it. Have you ever thought of taking advantage of that trend, selling instance of your platform and gaining a new revenue stream as a navigation of tthey service infrastructure play? Or is that just too out of tthey box? Rajeev Singh First of all, Thomas, great to talk to you again, thanks for being theyre. I think wtheyn we talk about navigation and anytime we put an umbrella term on a set of capabilities, it's imperative that we kind of break that down and speak to what those capabilities are. A number of companies, yes, are out ttheyre speaking about tthey fact that ttheyy deliver navigation today. We would say tthey number of companies, who have delivered have accumulated tthey claims, RX, insurance information and interaction data as well as clinical data associated with medical - electronic medical record data as tthey underpinning of tthey platform to be able to navigate through benefits, navigate through claims, drive people to tthey best position, et cetera. I mean all tthey things that we've been doing for tthey last 10 years is still a very, very, very small number of companies. A lot of people use tthey word navigation. Not a lot of people actually deliver navigation. That would be point number one. Point number two would be, I think - I think you're absolutely on to an idea that speaks to tthey point - I think it was Ryan's question earlier. We've architected our solution around tthey idea of delivering capabilities. Now, we weave those capabilities into offerings. Those capabilities are available to our partners. Now, who would we partner with around those capabilities? Tthey way we've always thought about it, Thomas, is we'll partner with people who share our mission, who are aligned in our vision around improving theyalthcare for tthey people that ttheyy serve and who are aligned in our belief in tthey idea of personalized theyalthcare. And so, I don't know what that means in terms of potential partnerships with navigation vendors down tthey road. But I can tell you, we believe that our capabilities architecture is unique in tthey industry and gives us an opportunity to be a really productive partner for many. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from David Larsen of BTIG. Your line is open. David Larsen Hi, congratulations on a good quarter. With regards to Accolade One and Accolade Care, it seems to me like even though tthey client you have might be charged a slightly higtheyr PEPM rate, tthey overall cost of theyalthcare for ttheym would actually decline more given that you'd have a more compretheynsive solution. Just any thoughts or color around that? And can you put any numbers around that like tthey incremental percent savings that ttheyy might be able to realize? Rajeev Singh Thanks for tthey question, David. And absolutely, we believe and core to tthey value proposition of Accolade One that we're taking to our Vanguard customers and tthey customers beyond it is tthey idea that wtheyn we weave togettheyr all of ttheyse incremental values, things above and beyond tthey advocacy solutions that both of those customers have purchased from us in tthey past that will improve clinical outcomes and that we will continue to lower costs above and beyond wtheyre we are today. Tthey amount of cost that will improve on a year-over-year basis based on those incremental services is going to vary by tthey population that we serve and tthey makeup of that population just as it does if you were to buy a coordinate navigation service today. And so, it might be too early for us to speak to those incremental savings. What we can say is we feel so confident in those incremental savings that, as Steve mentioned earlier, our revenue model creates tthey opportunity to take a little more risk while adding upside to tthey opportunity that we think is really material and could be really high value, high margin revenue. David Larsen Okay, great and ttheyn just one more quick one. With tthey Delta variant, it sounds to me like tthey impact ttheyre was with 2nd.MD some delays in elective procedures. Can you confirm that 2nd.MD revenue still grew by at least 30% year-over-year in tthey quarter, and that ttheyre wasn't really any ottheyr drag that you saw from a Delta variant in terms of like tthey sale cycle. And ttheyn it also sounds to me like tthey Delta variant will become an easier comp or a tailwind in fiscal 2023. Just any thoughts ttheyre would be theylpful. Thank you. Steve Barnes Hi, David, nice to talk to you. Yes, I can confirm with 2nd.MD year-over-year growth rate is in that just north of 30% range. On sales cycle, we're going to come back to you all in - at tthey end of tthey next quarter and we'll give you a sense of how that's coming through. But for 2nd.MD for sure that 30% year-over-year growth was achieved. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from [indiscernible]. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hi, thanks for taking my question. So just one on Accolade One, because it's a value based care model that's quite new in tthey employers benefits market. I'm wondering should we expect slightly a longer sales cycles? I'm also curious how much education needs to be done so that employers are comfortable with tthey value-based model and also a higtheyr upfront PEPM fee? Rajeev Singh Yes, thank you. It's a great question. I appreciate tthey opportunity to talk a little bit more about Accolade One. Wtheyn you think about Accolade One, tthey first thing that I think and Steve mentioned ttheir earlier in their remarks, and I think it's imperative that we point out, wtheyn we talk about our value based model, what we're not talking about theyre is a Medicare Advantage some capitated risk model like some ottheyr companies are out in tthey industry talking about. In fact, self-insured employers have rarely been given an opportunity to participate in a model that will warrant clinical outcomes, warrant cost reduction while improving employee satisfaction. Wtheyn we think about ttheir value-based model, what we're essentially going to tthey customer with is a brand new set of capabilities or a brand new offering that ttheyy haven't been approactheyd within tthey past that speaks to all of those vectors. Tthey reality is self-insured employers today are very rarely being approactheyd with numbers associated with clinical improvement, with numbers associated with cost reduction and measurable value, while at tthey same time improving satisfaction of employees. That said, I mentioned in my prepared remarks that you're absolutely right. We think that tthey preponderance of tthey interest in Accolade One is really going to be in our existing customer base. Customers, who have taken advantage of navigation, expert medical opinion for Accolade Care in tthey past, and who built off of that trusted relationship and tthey dataset that drives tthey measurability of tthey theyalthcare we've delivered for ttheym will be very interested in upgrading or moving forward to a broader Accolade One solution. And so in a way that implies a longer sales cycle, which I think is a little bit different and maybe I might paint that picture a little bit differently, but I think it gets to tthey same outcome. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Vikram Kesavabhotla of Baird. Your line is open. Vikram Kesavabhotla Hi, thanks for taking tthey question. Just one quick point of clarification on HealthReveal. I was just curious, is that contributed all to tthey second quarter on revenue or EBITDA? And is ttheyre any impact from that contemplated in tthey fiscal 2022 guide? And just anything ttheyre around tthey financial profile if ttheyre's something to note Thanks. Steve Barnes Sure. Hi, Vikram, thanks for being theyre. First of all, tthey acquisition just closed, so it's post-second quarter. And ttheyre's not really any revenue to speak of ttheyre. It's really about tthey intellectual property and tthey teams that we acquired and tthey value that's contributing that Shantanu spoke about earlier along with Rajeev's existing remarks. And with tthey team that's coming over, we're factoring that in as part of our guidance in fiscal 2022 and from a spend perspective. Operator Thank you. I'm showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would just turn tthey call back over to Rajeev Singh for any closing remarks. Rajeev Singh We appreciate all of you being theyre. Thanks for joining us. We look forward to following up you post tthey call and catching up with you next quarter as well. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for participating. You may all disconnect. Have a great day.