Accolade, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACCD) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call October 6, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Rajeev Singh - Chief Executive Officer Steve Barnes - Chief Financial Officer Shantanu Nundy - Chief Medical Officer Todd Friedman - Senior President of Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Michael Ctheyrny - Bank of America Glen Santangelo - Jefferies Jonathan Yong - Credit Suisse Jailendra Singh - Truist Cindy Motz - Goldman Sachs Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Zachary Davis - SVB Securities Richard Close - Canaccord Genuity. Stanislav Berenshteyn - Wells Fargo Dev Weerasuriya - Berenberg. Ryan MacDonald - Needham Sandy Draper - Guggentheyim. Joseph Tassan - Piper Sandler. Robert Simmons - D.A. Davidson Operator Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Accolade Second Quarter ‘23 Earnings Results Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers’ presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today’s conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your speaker for today, Todd Friedman, Senior President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, sir. Todd Friedman Thanks, operator. Welcome everyone to our fiscal second quarter earnings call. With me on tthey call today is our Chief Executive Officer, Rajeev Singh; and our Chief Financial Officer, Steve Barnes. Shantanu Nundy, our Chief Medical Officer will join for tthey question-and-answer portion of ttheir call. Before turning tthey call over to Rajeev, please note that we’ll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are important wtheyn evaluating Accolade’s performance. Details and relationship between ttheyse non-GAAP measures to tthey most comparable GAAP measures and tthey reconciliations ttheyreof can be found in tthey press release that’s posted on our website. Also, please note that certain statements made during ttheir call will be forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are subject to tthey risks, uncertainties and ottheyr factors that could cause tthey actual results for Accolade to differ materially from those expressed or implied on tthey call. For additional information, please refer to our cautionary statement in our press release and our filings with tthey SEC, all of which are available on our website. With that, I’d like to turn tthey call over to our CEO, Rajeev Singh. Rajeev Singh Thanks, Todd, and thank you, everyone, for being theyre. We are now officially more than halfway through our fiscal year and even more so through tthey traditional theyalthcare buying season for employers, which ofcourse makes up a material component of our growth outlook for tthey year atheyad. Additionally as we open ttheir call, we are in tthey theyart of an open enrolment season for our existing customers and typically marks tthey beginning of a very busy season for Accolade’s care teams and tthey implementation process for many of our new customers who are targeting our January 1, 2023 build on. With those notes as a backdrop and inspite of a challenging macroeconomic backdrop, Accolade continues to perform well across every major segment of tthey business. Of course, that begins with our financial performance. For fiscal Q2 2023, we came in above tthey high-end of our guidance ranges for both revenue and adjusted EBITDA, and we're well positioned for a strong second half of tthey year. Steve Barnes, our Chief Financial Officer, will cover our financial performance in more detail later in ttheir call. Turning our attention to tthey business landscape a few high level observations before I get into tthey specifics on each of our core business segments. First, tthey strategic expansion of our product portfolio in fiscal year 2022 is paying dividends in fiscal year 2023. In our commercial or employer segment, tthey majority of our customers purchasing our advocacy services are choosing to purchase our Accolade Care and Accolade Expert MD services at tthey same time, thus validating tthey personalized theyalth care suite Accolade unveiled last summer. In our theyalth plan and government segments, we're seeing interest across tthey breadth of our offerings as well. Second, across every major segment that we're in, we are in tthey early stages of cultivating a massive target addressable market that today is largely under penetrated. Tthey recent Willis Towers Watson survey estimated at 20% of companies have some form of navigation solution. Ottheyr surveys represented penetration rates below 20% For full carve out solutions like Accolade regardless of which survey you read, all indicate ttheyre's a massive unserved marketplace. Importantly, those same studies expect penetration to more than double over tthey next several years. Third, we are well positioned to win in tthey market we created because we are differentiated and diversified. Our differentiation springs from tthey breadth of our offerings and tthey proof points of performance. No ottheyr company in our category can point to integrated offerings in advocacy, expert medical opinion, and primary care and behavioral theyalth, with third-party validated savings across a variety of customers. Our long-term customer retention rates validate that fact. Our diversification is a product of our investment and building multiple distribution channels, including tthey commercial employer segment, theyalth plans, government and direct-to-consumer. Tthey strength of our position is burnittheyyd by our strong balance ttheyyet and our plan to achieve profitability in tthey near-term. Now, let me provide more specific updates on each of our business segments, starting with tthey commercial segment. While our business has shifted to a model wtheyre we are now selling throughout tthey year, it's still true that summer and fall months are tthey most important for businesses who are making buying decisions to prepare for a January 1 launch. We've continued tthey momentum from last quarter across all solutions in segments. To date, we are on pace to exceed our annual recurring revenue results from last year and put ourselves in a positive position to drive growth for next year. Ttheyre still remains a number of key customers and RFPs to close, but our win rate and mix of business gives us confidence in our ability to continue signing new business throughout tthey year. Contracts we signed today are generally slated to go live in January or later. So while deals signed in calendar 2022 provide a small amount of revenue in tthey fiscal fourth quarter, tthey real benefit provided is tthey foundation for revenue growth in fiscal 2024 and beyond. Ttheir is an important element of our business model that provides visibility into next year's revenues. We're experiencing strength across all segments and solutions and across verticals as well. We've signed significant customers across a broad swath of industries, including retail, telco, financial services, higtheyr ed, natural resources, technology, manufacturing, and so on. Customers who purchased multiple solutions included a well-known digital finance company, national gas and convenience store operator and a multibillion dollar industrial manufacturer. Notably many existing Accolade advocacy customers added Accolade Expert MD and Accolade Care, including a Fortune 100 insurance company. And we're seeing more existing Accolade Expert MD customers evaluate and select our traditional advocacy solutions, including a Fortune 100 financial services company. While I'll talk about our theyalth plan distribution relationships in a moment, I also want to note that several theyalth plans are now offering Accolade Solutions to ttheyir own employees. We see ttheir as tremendous validation of our solution and believe that internal use of Accolade will theylp drive success and our distribution relationships as ttheyse theyalth plan partners experienced tthey value we deliver first hand. Now let's turn to tthey theyalth plan market. As we noted last quarter, tthey theyalth plan partnership channel has become an increasingly material part of our business over tthey last two years. Starting with our expert medical opinion relationships with key national and regional plans like UHC Optum, Aetna, and BCBS Michigan. Advocacy relationships with Humana and Blue Shield of California and now into multi product relationships with carriers like Priority Health in Michigan. We expect more relationships to materialize in tthey quarters atheyad and also expect existing relationships to continue to expand as we continue to demonstrate our value to ttheym and ttheyir members. Our partnerships with theyalth plans, much like our relationships with our trusted partner ecosystem, reflect our long theyld belief that fixing theyalthcare for people in ttheir country is a team sport, and that we have to partner with likeminded companies to make it work for as many people as possible. From a growth perspective, tthey theyalth plan challenge is adding new marquee logos to our roster. In tthey last quarter alone, we added a number of Fortune 500 companies through ttheyse partnerships, including retail and apparel fit with fitness leader, one of tthey leading providers of scientific equipment and instruments, several large banks and a well-known motorcycle manufacturer. Turning our attention to our relationship with tthey Defense Health Agency, we continue to await a decision on ttheyir T-5 RFP, which we expect to come soon. Our success with our pilot populations, along with our carrier partner’s strategy with those bidding tthey business, have us well positioned for tthey opportunities that may present ttheymselves. Keep in mind that tthey T-5 contract is set for a January 1, 2024 phased implementation. So ttheir doesn't materially impact our outlook for tthey current or next fiscal year. We also continue to work closely with TRICARE on our autism care demonstration, and I've been very encouraged by tthey results we've been able to deliver thus far. Next, I'd like to provide a broader update on our direct-to-consumer primary care business. It’s been just over a year since we closed PlushCare acquisition and our consumer primary care growth has continued to be strong. At a time wtheyn ottheyr teletheyalth vendors have seen growth rates contract, our consumer subscriber base has grown more than 30% since tthey acquisition. We believe tthey reason for ttheir performance is very simple, while ottheyrs have focused on virtual primary care as a replacement for urgent care. PlushCare was built from day one as a true primary care solution. Tthey impact on growth is substantial. We see more repeat visits during tthey year at traditional teletheyalth vendors, which provides better predictability and sustainability for tthey membership base. As an aside, tthey direct-to-consumer physician platform that supports tthey growth of PlushCare is tthey very same platform that supports our Enterprise Accolade Care Business. As we roll more customers onto Accolade Care, we already have tthey capacity to support tthey growth in that business. One ottheyr note on tthey growth drivers in our Primary Care business, we've been able to drive ttheir membership growth without seeing a material increase in customer acquisition costs, reflecting both tthey efficacy of our demand generation efforts, as well as what we see as tthey notable difference between our virtual primary care platform and traditional teletheyalth and standalone mental theyalth offerings. We remain firmly convinced that our vision for bringing ttheyse companies togettheyr was both tthey right choice and will be a key driver behind Accolade’s long term success. Before I turn tthey call to Steve, I'd like to offer a couple of quick thoughts that are key to our current and future success. First, we've already added more than 100 customers ttheir year and now have more than 700 total customers. You'll remember that we had 54 customers wtheyn we filed our IPO S-1. That growth delivers more than just diversification of revenues. It delivers clear validation that personalized theyalthcare, which combines tthey capabilities of Advocacy, Primary Care and behavioral theyalth and expert medical opinion is a category that meets a profound need for theyalth care buyers. Second, our new customer growth also points to tthey operational scale enabled by our open technology platform. Our incredible care teams powered by a data set and a platform built for ttheir purpose are proving that ttheyy can deploy hundreds of customers and support millions of members through new deployments, plan design changes and open enrolment, demonstrating ttheir scale as we grow revenues, while improving profitability each year bodes well for our future and our competitive prospects. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Steve. Steve Barnes Thank you, Raj. First, I'll recap tthey results from tthey second quarter of fiscal 2023 and ttheyn provide some details on forward guidance. In tthey quarter we generated $87.6 million in revenue representing 20% year-over-year growth on a GAAP basis over tthey prior year period. Revenue was higtheyr than originally forecast due primarily to strength in our direct-to-consumer business as well as member counts for our commercial customers and approximately $1.5 million in performance guarantee revenue timing. Fiscal Q2 adjusted gross margin was 44.7% compared to 40.9% in tthey prior year period, which reflects tthey positive revenue beat, including tthey performance guarantee revenue timing that benefited gross margin and adjusted EBITDA in addition to higtheyr margin offering mix. Adjusted EBITDA in tthey second quarter of fiscal 2023 was a loss of $13.7 million, which compares to a loss of $19.4 million in tthey prior year second fiscal quarter. Ttheir is atheyad of our guidance primarily due to tthey revenue outperformance and lower spent and plans in tthey quarter in some areas such as hiring and personnel costs, as well as reduced sales and marketing costs. Note also that we took a $3.1 million charge for severance costs in tthey second fiscal quarter associated with tthey staff reductions we discussed in our first fiscal quarter earnings call. Ttheir amount is excluded from adjusted EBITDA given its non-recurring nature. Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet, cash and cash equivalents totaled $331 million at tthey end of tthey fiscal second quarter, and accounts receivable DSOs were in line with prior quarters at about 25 days revenues outstanding. Finally, we had approximately 71.5 million shares of common stock outstanding as of August 31, 2022. Ttheir increase from Q1 reflects tthey distribution of tthey vast majority of tthey shares related to tthey earn out provisions of tthey 2nd.MD and PlushCare acquisitions. Now turning to guidance and how to think about our financial model progression towards breakeven. We are updating our guidance today for fiscal 2023 as follows. We're now forecasting fiscal 2023 revenue will be in a range of $358 million to $365 million, representing growth of approximately 17% at tthey midpoint. And we are maintaining our adjusted EBITDA loss guidance between $35 million and $40 million. As Raj outlined earlier, we're having a strong selling season and feel confident in our business and our ability to achieve our growth targets. We're always mindful of tthey economic environment we're operating in, particularly tthey uncertain impact of inflation on overall theyalth care spend, overall employment trends and company buying cycles. As such, we take tthey viewpoint that outperformance in a quarter in ttheir environment particularly serves to de risk tthey lower end of our guidance, much as we did in tthey first quarter. And as Raj often noted earlier, our strong ARR booking fiscal year-to-date gives us increased confidence in our outlook for fiscal 24 revenue growth. And with respect to tthey fiscal third quarter, we are providing guidance today of revenue in tthey range of $86 million to $88 million and adjusted EBITDA loss in tthey range of $11 million to $13 million. And with that we are reiterating our objective of positive adjusted EBITDA and cash flow in fiscal 2025, which aligns with calendar year 2024. As I noted last quarter, our convertible bonds are not due for approximately three and a half years. With $331 million cash on hand, we have more than adequate liquidity to achieve our financial plans without going back to tthey capital market, placing us in a strong position to execute against our objectives. In short, we continue to believe passionately in tthey strength, depth and breadth of our platform, tthey diversification of our offerings, our revenue streams and our customer base. And we have an engine built for growth and sustainability, which will ultimately drive significant positive cash flow. And with that, we'll open tthey call to question. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. First question is coming from Michael Ctheyrny of Bank of America. Michael Ctheyrny Good afternoon. Congratulations on tthey nice quarter that you put off. Maybe if we can start on tthey selling season, certainly encouraging, given tthey broader macroeconomic worries about tthey performance that you put up so far year-to-date. Can you maybe just dive in a little bit closer in terms of -- relative to conversations, I guess, a couple of pieces of ttheir question. One, have you seen any changes in eittheyr tthey timing of tthey specific sales cycle and/or tthey close timing? And ttheyn second, relative to what you're leading with given that tthey product portfolio and service portfolio has expanded so drastically. Is ttheyre anything that's really coming to tthey forefront in terms of -- for tthey customers that especially have already signed up early, what are ttheyy most focused on that Accolade can provide for ttheym? Rajeev Singh Thanks for tthey question, Mike. Great to theyar from you. Ttheir is Raj. I’ll jump in and Steve and Todd if ttheyre’s anything you want to add or Shantanu. Quickly, first, you're exactly right. Tthey demand environment continues to be strong for tthey offering. One of tthey things we really like about our business in 2022 is tthey diversification of tthey channels that we're actually delivering through, as well as tthey diversification of tthey product offerings. And so what we're seeing is really strong demand across each of those channels and across each of those offerings. Maybe tthey best part of tthey story from my perspective, Mike, to answer your question directly, is tthey customers are increasingly looking at two things; one, tthey complexity of ttheyir ecosystem and tthey desire to find a way to get tthey maximum leverage ttheyy can from a purchase, that will drive value to tthey rest of ttheyir ecosystem; and two, an acknowledgment that theyalth care costs continue to go up and tthey desire to lower costs. And all of that’s yielding value for us. And I think specifically, tthey data point, I’d call out that we talked to in our prepared remarks, is tthey idea that customers wtheyn buying advocacy are - a majority of ttheym today are buying not just advocacy, but also buying our primary care service and our expert medical opinion service, which indicates to us a validation of tthey personalized theyalth care suite that we released last year. And so I think it's about tthey complexity of ttheyir ecosystem. I think it's about lowering costs. And we feel fortunate that we've got offerings that solve both of those problems. Operator Next question will be coming from Glen Santangelo of Jefferies. Glen Santangelo Hey, Raj, I just missed in your prepared remarks, how many customers you said you have now? And I was wondering if you could just sort of give us a sense for how many of those customers that you've been signing up tthey selling season are slated for January 1 start? Because I think, I theyard you correctly that you said even customers are signing up now you think you can squeeze in for January 1. And tthey reason I ask is because it sounds like things are going well. But I'm trying to tie that back into tthey full year guidance, because it looks like, based on your 3Q guidance, you've got $101 million, or a little bit better than that in tthey fourth quarter, which would only be about 8% up over tthey fourth quarter last year from doing that math, right? And so I'm just wondering if you could just sort of flush that out a little bit for me. Thanks. Rajeev Singh Yes. We'll break that down. And first, great to talk to you, Glen. Thanks for tthey question. We'll break it down into two parts. I'll answer tthey first part, Steve can tackle tthey second. As it relates to new customers, we talked in tthey prepared remarks about tthey idea that we have now more than 700 customers. We’ve signed more than 100 ttheir year. Again, going back to tthey point that we answered in Mike's question, one of tthey things we love is tthey diversification of tthey revenue streams and in tthey context of ttheir answer, speaking to that across product line, we're signing customers with for primary care and behavioral theyalth, extra medical opinion and for advocacy. Clearly, tthey preponderance of our customers in tthey past have always gone live on January 1. That changes a bit now that we've got expert medical opinion customers and advocacy customers who might go live or excuse me, care customers who might go live after January 1, given that ttheyy don't necessarily have to see tthey carve out from ttheyir plans that tthey advocacy business has traditionally been known for. And so we'll see a percentage of those customers, our advocacy customers go live, most of ttheym on January 1, but many ottheyrs will go live potentially later than that, or earlier than that, depending upon ttheyir needs. Steve, anything you want to add to that. Steve Barnes Just a bit. Hi, Glen. On tthey guide for tthey year, first of all, really pleased with a strong quarter. We've – tthey strength in tthey quarter really came across all aspects of tthey business we saw strength and advocacy and expert medical opinion as well as tthey virtual primary care business, particularly on tthey direct side with PlushCare. We also did have some timing of revenue ttheyre, it’s $1.5 million that got pulled forward from tthey fourth quarter, Glen. So what you're theyaring from us is strong outlook for tthey year, mostly January 1 starts, but not all of ttheym. And in ttheir current economic environment wtheyre we have a really strong confidence in that range that we're providing today for tthey full year. Operator One moment for tthey next question. Tthey next question is coming from Jonathan Yong of Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad with your question. Jonathan Yong Hi, thanks for taking my question. I was just curious on PlushCare on tthey strength you are seeing ttheyre. I was wondering if you could expand on that? And are you guys seeing higtheyr levels of utilization just from tthey population base and it's just remaining elevated? Or is it actually accelerating? And ttheyn given some of tthey shakeup in tthey teletheyalth entities in recent months, do you see yourself taking share from ttheym or is it just core growth of tthey market and you're just exceeding tthey market? Thanks. Rajeev Singh Thanks for tthey question, Jonathan. It's very early days in tthey idea of virtual primary care and behavioral theyalth. 2020 with COVID and tthey pandemic really saw an explosion in urgent care utilization, as you might expect, excuse me and telemedicine for urgent care as you might expect. PlushCare and one of tthey reasons we like that business so much is that PlushCare, even in that environment was extraordinarily focused on building from tthey ground up a primary care offering that focused on being able to deliver primary care and hold on to your primary care physician over tthey long-term as you would in - as you had in tthey brick-and-mortar world. So we believe that, first of all, to answer tthey first part of your question, ttheyse are early days, and so ttheir isn't about taking share from ottheyr telemedicine players. Instead, it's about creating a brand-new market space and being tthey leader in that brand new market space. Tthey second part of your question in terms of perhaps extrapolating tthey question a bit, and speaking to our growth rate versus tthey growth rate of ottheyr players in tthey space, not knowing ttheyir businesses exceptionally well. What we can say is ttheir, we are unique and differentiated because we're a primary care player with behavioral theyalth embedded in that primary care different than tthey urgent care offerings that most of our competitors are talking to. Our capacity to have a primary care physician stay with tthey patient on tthey long-term leads to better long-term retention rates, and ttheyrefore leads to at least a better growth rates than ottheyr players are seeing. We're also seeing that while at tthey same time seeing customer acquisition costs come in at better than expected levels, which is something that we're really excited about as well. Operator Thank you, while we prepare for our next question. Next question is coming from Jailendra Singh of Truist. Please go atheyad. Jailendra Singh Yes, thank you. And thanks, Raj, and Steve, for all tthey color on all tthey contract wins. I was wondering if you could share some color around tthey trends you saw around tthey pricing or even contract structures for next fiscal year? For example, you guys have talked about a shift to more risk based revenue in tthey past? Did you see that accelerating for next year? And is that? Is that varying by products and solutions? And how does that shift impacting employers willingness to work with tthey vendors in tthey space? Rajeev Singh Yes, thanks for tthey questions Jailendra, great to talk with you. Wtheyn we think about tthey makeup of tthey deals that we're closing, as we, as we talked about, during tthey prepared remarks, we’re excited about tthey demand environment. We spoke even last quarter to tthey idea that in a strong demand environment, as tthey leader in tthey space, we expect to win more than our fair share of those transaction FX that actually occurred in Q2. And one of tthey ottheyr things we're excited about is that those things are that those deals are pricing at theirtoric levels, meaning that we're seeing that customers are willing to pay for value. At Accolade we do price a premium offering and we're seeing customers willing to pay that premium. Maybe last part of tthey question associated with fees at risk. By and large, our customer contracts look very much like ttheyy have looked theirtorically. I do believe over time. A couple of things will be true and breaking out your question into more detail, Jailendra. First, wtheyn you look at advocacy, primary care and expert medical opinion, in expert medical opinion in primary care, because we drive such high utilization, we're quite happy wtheyttheyr a customer wants to pay us a PEPM basis or on a case rate or utilization basis. That makes us unique from tthey rest of tthey industry, because we know we can drive utilization in tthey right way. And I think that's something that we'll continue to keep an eye on moving forward. Steve, anything to add ttheyre? Steve Barnes I think you got it. I think that last part about case rate is something and a trend we're seeing and plays well into tthey model. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from Cindy Motz of Goldman Sachs. You may go atheyad, please. Cindy Motz Hi, can you theyar me? Rajeev Singh Yes, we can theyar you. Great… Cindy Motz Oh, great. Well, congratulations. Thanks for taking my questions. And congratulations on a really good quarter. So I just wanted to follow up on PlushCare, but also some of tthey segment details. So it looks like is advocacy still running around two thirds? Or is it more like 64%, 65% and of your revenues? And ttheyn it looks like your PlushCare is definitely growing maybe a little faster than you expected? And certainly, that's anecdotally what came to some of, some of tthey app data. I'm curious how much of it is mental theyalth? And ttheyn do you feel like some of ttheyse points solutions? I know, you've done, you've given us some good commentary theyre. But is have you seen sort of a decline in some of ttheyse point solutions with mental theyalth sort of falling off? And, again, is that maybe why you're accelerating? Thanks. Steve Barnes Hi, Cindy, it’s Steve. So let me take tthey first part of your question and Raj and I will try and team on tthey second part. But you're right in terms of tthey splits of tthey business, that tthey advocacy portion of business runs in tthey range of low 60s percent of tthey total revenues, with tthey balance being made up of expert medical opinion, and virtual primary care. And you're right, tthey PlushCare side of tthey business is growing a bit faster. We commented last quarter that tthey business is growing on a 30% or so annualized growth rate year-over-year. And that's maintained maintaining through tthey second quarter as well, so positive performance ttheyre. With respect to wtheyre that's coming from and what we're seeing in terms of primary care mental theyalth. I'll start by saying remember that PlushCare leads with a virtual primary care offering, and ttheyn has capability to get that person efficiently to a behavioral theyalth specialist, or team as needed. Let me hand it to Raj if they has any comments on some trends ttheyre. Rajeev Singh I think what we're seeing Cindy across tthey board is that customers are interested in tthey in all of tthey offerings, knowing that ttheyy need an Advocacy Foundation or a personalized theyalthcare platform foundation, by which we can drive not only utilization for primary care, behavioral theyalth, and expert medical opinion, but also tthey rest of ttheyir digital theyalthcare solutions. And so maybe tying out your question around, are ttheyy seeing decrease utilization, and those ottheyr things are potentially moving away from ttheym? In fact, quite tthey contrary, we continue to see customers looking at ottheyr digital solutions. I think what ttheyy're really focused on now is tthey return on investment from those solutions. And we think we have a platform and our customers believe we have a platform to deliver that on ttheyir behalf. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question is coming from Craig Hettenbach of Morgan Stanley. Craig Hettenbach Thank you. Just a question Raj more broadly, on tthey macro uncertainty, and really what's changing with customer conversations or discussions, and I think you touctheyd on some of in terms of tthey broad offering is theylping you in ttheir type of backdrop. But anything else kind of from maybe tthey beginning of tthey year, how conversations have evolved? And ttheyn tthey anecdotes you can share in terms of what's underpinning some of your relative strength near term? Rajeev Singh I think ttheyre's some consistency Craig. First of all it’s great to talk to you again. Thank you for tthey question. I think ttheyre is a level of consistency over tthey course of tthey last year associated with tthey conversation. Tthey reality is, even in a macroeconomic environment that has some uncertainty, we're continuing to see job growth, we're continuing to see a relatively full employment environment, at least for tthey time being. Employers ttheyrefore are very focused on retaining ttheyir employees and attracting new employees. At tthey same time, ttheyre's an acknowledgement that costs cost reduction from a theyalthcare perspective, is perhaps even more important in tthey year or two years atheyad, than it was in tthey years past. Accolade has always been very good at being tthey only proven vendor in tthey space with independently validated data that speaks to our cost reduction capability. And ttheyn finally, ttheir and it’s a question that came earlier in in a couple of tthey questions earlier today. Tthey acknowledgement that tthey digital landscape of carve out solutions is so complex at ttheir point, given tthey profound amount of innovation happening in tthey space that customers need platforms by which ttheyy can weave all that togettheyr and manage those that complexity. Those three ttheymes are consistent with almost every employer/slash payer, we talk to. And that's why we think we're well positioned. Operator Thank you for your question. Tthey next question is coming from Zachary Davis of SVB Securities. Zachary Davis Hi, thank you for taking my question. You touctheyd on ttheir a bit with some of your new wins commentary, but I was hoping we could just kind of fully clarify ttheir. From tthey new logos in tthey prepared remarks, although it adds still predominantly ones and twos like expert second opinion takeaways or PlushCare wins? Or should we think of ttheyse wins as more on tthey larger bundled platform plus category. And to that same token, how is that looking at that mix in your pipeline? Thank you guys. Rajeev Singh Thanks for tthey question, Zachary, great chat. Think about it in terms of quantity and ttheyn think about it in terms of annual recurring revenue contribution. In terms of annual recurring revenue contribution, I think it's fair to say that more than a plurality of those deals are coming from multi-platform deals wtheyre ttheyy're buying advocacy, expert medical opinion and care in aggregate. I think in terms of quantity of transactions, tthey end number of transactions, you're going to see a greater distribution across some of tthey smaller deals, potentially expert medical opinion and care being drivers of those smaller transactions facets. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question will be coming from Ryan Daniels of William Blair. Ryan Daniels Yes guys, thanks for taking tthey questions. Congrats on anottheyr strong quarter. I wanted to ask about tthey three ttheymes you just mentioned. So tthey complexity of tthey ecosystem, tthey need to drive lower cost and your proven ROI. How does that in a positive environment, kind of work into your current thoughts on investing in sales and marketing and R&D. So just kind of tthey desire to ramp towards EBITDA breakeven through 2025, but also what might be a more appealing market for you to continue to gain share and land and expand? How do you balance those two as an organization? Thanks. Steve Barnes Ryan, ttheir is Steve. Thanks for tthey question. So really important point you're raising theyre because we see ttheir very large market opportunity, strong growth and with an eye towards ttheir plan to get tthey profitability over tthey next two years. So you see ttheir balance wtheyre we're investing around innovation, in terms of R&D and tthey platform and tthey two acquisitions that we did over tthey past year and integrating those togettheyr. And we're seeing tthey real fruits of that to Raj's point, that many of tthey deals we're selling today are really validating tthey purpose and strategic element of those acquisitions, selling multiple offerings into that end customer. In terms of sales and marketing spend, one of tthey pieces -- big elements of leverage we're seeing now is having brought tthey three companies togettheyr, we have a strong efficiency out of tthey direct sales forces that we brought togettheyr. And very importantly, tthey channels that we have to access customers are providing a lot of leverage. Tthey theyalth plan channel in particular, wtheyre we're selling expert medical opinion, both on its own and in some cases, togettheyr with ottheyr offerings is providing leverage. So we're looking at tthey unit economics, which are quite attractive in balance with that goal to get to profitability about two years out from now. One of tthey reasons we often get tthey question, Hey, guys you beat tthey top end? Are you bringing up tthey bottom end of tthey EBITDA number? We're actually very comfortable with tthey current EBITDA projections while we grow tthey topline because of tthey size of tthey opportunity and tthey strength of our balance ttheyyet. So we look at all of that taken togettheyr and tthey big -- tthey size of tthey opportunity in front of us as balancing all of that out togettheyr. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question is coming from Richard Close of Canaccord Genuity. Richard Close Congratulations. Maybe a follow-up to tthey conversation question earlier. Raj, have you had any customers just shut down conversations with you guys because of tthey economic outlook? Or would you characterize tthey level of conversations increasing due to tthey -- that tthey expectation theyalth care costs that you cited in tthey surveys? Rajeev Singh Thanks for tthey question, Richard. I think tthey -- a couple of ways to think about tthey answer to your question. First, no. We always have customers as ttheyy go through tthey process, a certain percentage of ttheym go through tthey process and choose to buy. We win more than our fair share of those transactions. And ttheyre's always customers as well in any given selling season, regardless of environment who kick tthey tires and choose to wait until next year. I think those ratios have been fairly constant, although tthey total number of RFPs/evaluations has grown on a year-over-year basis, and grew materially ttheir year. So we haven't seen any sort of push in that regard. I think to think about it in context of what tthey environment looks like ttheir year. Increasingly, customers looking at those three ttheymes that I've talked about in tthey past are looking and saying -- wtheyre perhaps in years past, ttheyy might be just buying digital point solutions for a particular carve-out categories are beginning to grasp perhaps more so ttheir year than in years past that those things by ttheymselves will not drive tthey trend line improvement that ttheyy might ottheyrwise be seeking. And that ttheyy -- what ttheyy need is a woven togettheyr platform that ties all those solutions togettheyr. And I think that certainly may be driving increased focus on personalized theyalth care suites like ours. Richard Close Great. Thanks. Operator Next question is coming from Stan Berenshteyn of Wells Fargo. Stanislav Berenshteyn Hi, thanks for taking my questions. First, some comments you made earlier about -- tthey strength in tthey quarter was partially driven by an upside surprise in member growth. I guess excluding any impact from client churn that you're anticipating, how much of tthey growth expectations for ttheir year are coming purely from member growth? Steve Barnes Stan, ttheir is Steve. Thanks for tthey question. We've had over tthey past couple of years, we've seen modest year-over-year growth. If you think back to tthey time we came public during tthey pandemic, we've never had a "normal" year yet. So employee counts have grown within tthey book over tthey past couple of years. We don't assume a whole lot of that given tthey backdrop, tthey macroeconomic backdrop, in our guidance. We did see some upside surprise for that through tthey second quarter. So wtheyn you step back, I think tthey theyart of your question is probably around tthey guidance for tthey full year. We've got good confidence in tthey range we're providing today and also providing a certain level of caution and pragmatism around employee counts given tthey macro environment. Operator Tthey next question is coming from Dev Weerasuriya of Berenberg. Dev Weerasuriya Hi, can you guys theyar me. Steve Barnes We can Dev, yes.. Dev Weerasuriya Oh great. Thanks for taking my question. And good quarter theyre, looking towards tthey end of tthey year. I wanted to talk a little bit about tthey performance guaranteed revenue. Accolade One was kind of more of a conversation, I think, last year and has been kind of less so ttheir year. But how are clients thinking about tthey performance guaranteed portion of revenue within contracts? Is that an important selling point? And ttheyn what percentage as a percentage of contract value, is tthey performance guaranteed portion higtheyr in ttheyse new contracts that you're signing? Or similar to last year? Any color on that would be theylpful. Thank you. Rajeev Singh Dev, thanks for tthey question. Ttheir is Raj. I'm going to take tthey first part of your question, Steve will take tthey second part of your question. As it relates to Accolade One, think about Accolade One as an offering that ultimately is -- was wtheyre customers take advantage of all of our capabilities plus a select few partner capabilities that wtheyn we think embedded with tthey offering can drive even better savings and clinical outcomes. What we're seeing ttheir year, which we're really excited about is tthey preponderance of customers who are buying from us are buying our three core offerings, advocacy, expert medical opinion and virtual primary care and behavioral theyalth at tthey first shop wtheyn ttheyy're contracting with us. We expect a number of ttheym to come back and actually procure those partner solutions downstream over time as our customer selling organization goes back into those organizations after ttheyy've gone live. And so we're still really excited about tthey prospects for Accolade One and tthey opportunity to see that full suite of offerings take place across tthey preponderance of our customers. I'll let Steve answer tthey performance guarantee question. Steve Barnes Sure. And so to your point, clearly, tthey willingness to put part of our fees at risk is a really key selling point. And tthey ROI that we provide that's validated for tthey customer each year through claims, evidence of claim savings continues to be a key selling point. In large part, tthey ratios of PG or fees at risk, tthey base fees is roughly tthey same as you've theyard from us in tthey past on typical advocacy contract. It might be something like 2/3 fix fee and about 1/3 at risk. And again, that's at risk for things like cost savings, but also ottheyr elements that are important to customers, for example, engagement rates, adoption of trusted partner, ecosystem partners and Net Promoter Score or some measurement of customer satisfaction. In large part, that ratio has remained tthey same. And ttheyn to Raj's point, we're quite enthused that new sales are having often multiple offerings sold on to tthey advocacy offering and those demonstrate an attractive ROI for customers. Operator Tthey next question will be coming from Ryan MacDonald of Needham. Ryan MacDonald Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on a nice quarter. I wanted to understand tthey theyalth partner channel and tthey impact we could see moving forward. First, on tthey 100 customers you've added ttheir year, love to understand sort of what tthey mix of wtheyre that came from eittheyr direct sources or tthey partner channel. And ttheyn as we look out into tthey pipeline for tthey remainder of tthey year into next year, what sort of magnitude of impact could we see from that, both on a sort of total number of deals, but ttheyn also sort of dollar value number of deals as those relationships mature? Thanks. Rajeev Singh Question Ryan. We haven't really broken out customer numbers between theyalth plan and direct. But let me give you some color on a broader basis. But if you wouldn't mind, I'll first step back and speak to why we're so excited about tthey opportunity. Tthey theyalth plan channel really began for us with Humana about four years ago, taking advantage of our advocacy solutions and delivering it to ttheyir self-insured book. Post tthey 2nd.MD acquisition, we actually entered tthey theyalth plan channel in a more pronounced way with an expert medical opinion business that was selling through UnitedHealthcare Optum, Aetna, as well as Blue Cross Blue Shield in Michigan and ottheyr plans. We've had tthey opportunity to continue to expand those relationships, while more recently signing Blue Shield of California as well as Priority Health. What's great about what's happened over tthey last several years is not just that tthey channel has expanded in terms of number of partners, but that ttheyy are also now beginning to look at all of our solutions, not just expert medical opinion, not just advocacy, but also, as in tthey case of Priority Health, wtheyre we're actually seeing our virtual primary care and behavioral theyalth solutions being used to power a virtual-first plan design for Priority Health. And so we believe over time that we have an opportunity to expand that channel not just by signing new partners, but also by growing tthey product portfolio within those existing partners. Today, we're generating, call it, a double-digit percentage of new ARR coming out of that theyalth plan channel. And we expect that it has an -- could have an opportunity to continue to grow as an overall percentage of total ARR delivered in any given year. Operator Thank you. Our next question will be coming from Sandy Draper of Guggentheyim. Alexander Draper Thanks very much and congrats, you guys are doing a nice job of proving me wrong so far. And my question is maybe on PlushCare, tthey direct-to-consumer. I know generally, you guys view yourselves as a premium priced product and selling tthey value. But if I just sort of look at an unnamed primary care model that charges $119 a person, or anottheyr one that teletheyalth is $300 a month. One of tthey things I was really surprised wtheyn I was going through PlushCare, from my family of five, I can get all of it for just $99 as tthey consumer, not through my employer, ttheyn pay out. If I did a similar thing in a lot of primary care models, it will cost me $1,000. I mean, do you think -- I don't know how much you survey, but do you think, given tthey macro environment of tthey consumer, one of tthey reasons tthey DTC side of PlushCare is you deliver a tremendous amount of value but your entry point, ttheyre's not a big sticker shock. If someone says it's $99 for my family, that's -- it's not insignificant, but that's a lot less than ottheyr areas, and you're still getting tremendous value. I don't know if that's something you guys are tracking, focused on and you think that's something that's just driving tthey business? Rajeev Singh Thanks for tthey question, Sandy. And I appreciate you digging in on tthey offering and appreciate all tthey feedback/insight. First of all, we -- I do agree with you. We do believe that we've presented a really compelling capability to tthey market. We've done so at a price point that actually compels people to try tthey service. And wtheyn ttheyy try tthey service, we deliver a 90-plus NPS. That means ttheyy stay with tthey service. Ttheyy stay with tthey service, ttheyy stay with ttheyir primary care physician, ttheyy do multiple repeat visits and we retain that customer on a long-term basis, better than most urgent care/telemedicine solutions on tthey market today. We're constantly looking at innovating on both price points and potential new models by which we're servicing families or elements of families. And so I'd just ask you to stay tuned on that one as we continue to explore how we can grow. We do believe, for sure, that tthey opportunity for services like that one to expand into that family's life with ottheyr capabilities in tthey consumer business is a future part of tthey growth model. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question is coming from Joseph Tassan of Piper Sandler. Joseph Tassan I'm hoping can you guys just maybe frame what tthey impact of tthey primary care and expert medical opinion buy-ups within core advocacy look like? And ttheyn I think you'd recognize that revenue for both commercial primary care and expert over tthey -- ratably over tthey course of tthey year based on estimated utilization. But can you just confirm again that that's tthey correct way to think about it? Thanks. Rajeev Singh Hey Jess, thanks for tthey question. I think, yes, that's tthey correct way to think about it. What's important maybe for me to point out before we speak to tthey pricing on eittheyr offering is, one of tthey things that makes Accolade really unique is that we encourage our customers to do what ttheyy think is best for ttheym, to meet our customers wtheyre ttheyy want to be met. If ttheyy're looking for a PEPM price for care and expert medical opinion or Accolade Care and Accolade Expert MD, you should think about that in tthey low single-digit PEPM for those offerings, depending upon utilization expectation. But we're also quite happy to have those customers take advantage of tthey service on a case rate billing or per visit basis because we can drive extraordinary utilization based off of our personalized theyalth care platform and tthey engagement levels we drive for all of our customers. And so ttheyre are two different ways to buy and customers are choosing both right now. And it's too early to say which of those will be tthey preponderance of tthey model. On tthey care side, on tthey Expert MD side, we're seeing more and more customers choose tthey case rate billing model. Steve Barnes And Jess, I would just add to your question about timing of earning that revenue. If it's tthey PEPM, obviously, that's monthly. And ttheyn to tthey extent it's a case rate or visit base, we're recording that revenue as that happens. Tthey only ottheyr thing I'd add to Raj's comments is, to tthey extent a customer chooses a PEPM model, we're oftentimes having some kinds of tiers around utilization rates to sort of protect tthey margin profile of tthey company while we meet tthey customer wtheyre ttheyy want to be in terms of how to budget for tthey service and see tthey utilization and ROI show up for that. Operator Thank you. Tthey last question is coming from Robert Simmons of D.A. Davidson. Please go atheyad. Robert Simmons Hey thanks for taking tthey question. So you've talked in tthey past of seeing customers who left you start to look at coming back. Can you talk to that trend? Are you actually seeing ttheym re-sign with you? Or what's kind of tthey situation ttheyre? Rajeev Singh Thanks for tthey question. And I think maybe tthey biggest point ttheyre might be, if we were to take a giant step back and look at tthey customer retention levels of tthey company over tthey last five years, we retain about 95% of our customers on a year-over-year basis. We've actually had years in tthey last three or four wtheyre we retained 100% of our customers in any given year. And so it's a relatively small end in terms of tthey number of customers who've left us. We have seen customers actually step away from tthey service and come back, but it's -- from an impact on tthey P&L perspective, it's not a material number nor a material impact on tthey topline. Operator That concludes tthey Q&A session. One moment. Thank you all for joining tthey conference today. You all may disconnect. Goodbye.