Accolade, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACCD) Q2 2024 Earnings Conference Call October 4, 2023 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Todd Friedman - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Rajeev Singh - Chief Executive Officer Steve Barnes - Chief Financial Officer Shantanu Nundy - Executive Vice President, Care Delivery and Chief Health Officer Conference Call Participants Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Keith Tassan - Piper Sandler Jailendra Singh - Truist Securities Jared Haase - William Blair Glen Santangelo - Jefferies Allen Lutz - Bank of America David Larsen - BTIG Stan Berenshteyn - Wells Fargo Robert Simmons - D.A. Davidson Jack Wallace - Guggentheyim Partners John Penny - Canaccord Genuity Ryan MacDonald - Needham and Company Operator Good day, and thank you for standing by, and welcome to Accolade Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Results Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instruction] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Todd Friedman, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Todd Friedman Thanks, operator. Welcome, everyone, to our fiscal second quarter earnings call. With me in our Houston office today are our Chief Executive Officer, Rajeev Singh; and our Chief Financial Officer, Steve Barnes. Dr. Shantanu Nundy, our Chief Health Officer will join for tthey question-and-answer portion of tthey call later. Before turning tthey call over to Rajeev, please note that we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are important wtheyn evaluating Accolade's performance. Details on tthey relationship between ttheyse non-GAAP measures to tthey most comparable GAAP measures and tthey reconciliations ttheyreof can be found in tthey press release that is posted on our website. Also, please note that certain statements made during ttheir call will be forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and ottheyr factors that could cause tthey actual results for Accolade to differ materially from those expressed or implied on ttheir call. For additional information, please refer to our cautionary statement in our press release and our filings with tthey SEC, all of which are available on our website. And with that, I will turn tthey call over to our CEO, Rajeev Singh. Rajeev Singh Thank you, Todd. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Having now completed tthey first half of our fiscal year, ttheyre are four clear takeaways we'd like our shareholders to take from ttheir call. First, we came in atheyad of guidance and consensus in Q2 on both revenue and adjusted EBITDA. Second, with each passing quarter, we're closer to crossing tthey threshold to becoming a profitable, scalable business that will improve people's lives by changing tthey way theyalthcare is experienced. Third, tthey demand environment for our solutions remains strong. And fourth, we're presenting tthey market with a unique and differentiated perspective grounded in our routes in advocacy and powered by care delivery that our competition does not offer. That differentiation is bearing us fruit today and will continue into tthey future. I'll give you more color on those bullets in a moment. But first, let's theyad to second quarter highlights. First, revenue and adjusted EBITDA were both atheyad of our guidance for Q2. Revenue in tthey quarter was $96.9 million with an adjusted EBITDA loss of $8.8 million, both atheyad of our previous guidance. Revenue highlights in tthey quarter were marked by continued strength in our virtual primary care and mental theyalth offerings and some early recognition of performance-based revenues. Steve will give you all tthey details in their prepared remarks shortly. Over tthey past couple of months, ttheyre have been a number of consistent questions and ttheymes in our investor meetings. I'll take ttheir time today to hit on those topics and provide some current color. Tthey first question we usually theyar is about tthey selling season. Tthey demand environment remains strong and tthey selling season continues at a solid pace. I'll remind investors theyre that with tthey growth of our middle market business and customer selling motion, selling season is a year-long process at Accolade now. We've seen strength across verticals and customer size. As we've said before, more of tthey deals in tthey pipeline include multiple offerings and one or more trusted partner solutions. We view ttheir as powerful validation of our overall vision, as well as tthey importance of embracing tthey ecosystem. Ttheir is reflective of continued interest in our category and our ability to win more than our fair share of tthey market with our differentiated personalized theyalthcare suite. Tthey customer addition continue in both our traditional direct channel, as well as our rapidly growing theyalth plan business. On tthey direct side, advocacy and bundled deals have included brand name manufacturers, retail, automotive, CPG, medical, real estate, public sector, financial services, and many ottheyrs. And our theyalth plan channel has delivered both quantity and quality, including some notable competitive takeaways. Through a combination of our direct sales force, expansions of existing relationships, and new logos through our theyalth plan partners, Accolade Expert MD has added fantastic customers, including Nissan North America, Tyson Foods, Phillips, TIAA, Spirit Airlines, Mutual of Omaha and Clorox ttheir quarter. We also signed anottheyr major theyalth plan partner to resell our advocacy and care solutions. In tthey quarters atheyad, we'll give you more visibility into ttheir partnership and how we see tthey target addressable market within our theyalth plan relationships continuing to grow. We view ttheyse partnerships has incredible opportunities to drive sustainable growth for years to come. Next, let's talk about tthey competitive landscape and do it on a couple of vectors. First, in a traditional employer sales driven by ex-installment RFP in tthey strategic and enterprise account space, our competitors remain tthey usual suspects we've talked about in tthey past. Our win rate remains strong as evidenced by our growth in bookings over tthey last several years. Second, in pursuit of theyalth plan relationships, our breadth of product offerings, our technology stack, and our open platform, oftentimes have us competing with low-engagement tech-only platforms instead of advocacy competitors, and our win rate ttheyre is very high. Why are our win rates strong? Because we are deeply differentiated from tthey rest of tthey market. Our customers know that one of tthey primary underlying causes of tthey dysfunction in tthey theyalthcare system is tthey complete fragmentation of tthey patient experience from understanding ttheyir benefits to how ttheyy're passed through from tthey care journey, from specialist to specialist, with little coordination or empathy. A fundamental principle of Accolade's strategy is to embed tthey physician in tthey entire care journey and to do so with advocacy at tthey core. Accolade connects physicians longitudinally with members through our advocacy and theyalthcare services. Accolade's treating physicians are uniquely positioned to connect brick and mortar physicians with members' benefit and pharmacy coverage through claims and benefits specialists. We can refer to and provide collaborative care with specialists, ttheyrapists, and point solutions for specific medical conditions that are covered under ttheyse members' employer theyalth plan. Ttheir is a unique role that only Accolade plays with our customers, by providing tthey benefit advocacy and navigation services ttheyir members need to fully leverage ttheyir theyalthcare options, as well as operating a large and growing care delivery organization. We can fully engage tthey population, identify and reach high-risk members, and guide ttheym down care pathways for major costs and misery drivers like cancer, MSK, diabetes, and more in a measurable, scalable, and deeply differentiated way. Ttheir is tthey next generation of advocacy and Accolade is leading tthey way. Recently, we've also fielded a number of questions about GLP-1 drugs and ttheyir impacts on our business. On ttheir topic, tthey theyalthcare industry, employers, and consumers continue to learn from ttheyir experience with treatment regimens, usage patterns, and drug availability. Drug availability has clearly driven some fluctuation in usage on a month-over-month basis and we expect that volatility both upward and downward, to continue in tthey quarters atheyad. That said, demand continues to be strong. And we've also seen tthey growing attractiveness of non-pharmaceutical alternatives like Verta, a company in our trusted partner ecosystem that we profiled in our Capital Markets Day, and specializes in diabetes reversal. We're also beginning to see new approactheys to managing tthey cost and prescription of ttheyse drugs. Tthey University of Texas system decided to stop covering weight loss drugs after seeing its costs for tthey drug increase from $1.5 million monthly to more than $5 million monthly over 18 months. And BCBS of Michigan has changed its policy so that patients will be required to be on a lifestyle modification program for at least six months before granting approval for weight loss drug ttheyrapy. What all of ttheyse data points reflect is tthey clear importance of engaging physicians in tthey weight loss treatment and a strong advocacy program to theylp ensure proper usage and program adtheyrence. Finally, regarding tthey DHA T-5 agreement, we continue to await tthey final resolution of Health Net's protest, which we expect to theyar over tthey coming months and we'll have more to report after that process resolves. With that, I'm going to turn tthey call over to Steve to review tthey financials. Steve? Steve Barnes Thanks, Raj. First, I'll recap tthey results for tthey fiscal second quarter and ttheyn provide details on tthey rest of fiscal 2024. As Raj noted earlier, we generated $96.9 million in revenue in tthey second quarter of fiscal 2024, representing 11% growth year-over-year, or 19% pro forma growth, excluding tthey impact of a large customer termination in fiscal ’23. Revenue highlights in tthey second quarter included strong contributions across our offerings, reflecting tthey strength of a diversified personalized theyalthcare platform with multiple revenue streams. Notably, GLP-1 demand remained strong in tthey quarter, however, not at tthey surge level we saw in Q1, which contributed to a slight sequential decline in utilization-based revenues from fiscal Q1 to Q2. And in fiscal Q2, we also recognized approximately $2 million in performance guarantee-related revenue earlier-than-expected. We had initially forecasted ttheyse particular PGs to be earned in tthey amount of about $1 million in each of fiscal Q3 and Q4. As we've discussed previously and highlighted in our Capital Markets Day presentation on May 8, at tthey start of tthey fiscal year, we generally forecast that savings-related PGs will be recognized in our fiscal Q4. And wtheyn we earned those PGs earlier, we called ttheym out to tthey extent ttheyy are notable. As a reminder, we had a similar pull-forward dynamic of about $1.5 million in last year's fiscal Q2. So, adjusting for both of those, as well as tthey customer termination, yield pro forma revenue growth of that same 19% noted earlier. Fiscal Q2 adjusted gross margin was 44.2% compared to 44.7% in tthey prior year period. Tthey year-over-year change was driven by investments in our frontline care teams, including investments to launch our enterprise virtual primary care capability. Ttheyre were also some duplicative staffing costs in Q2 associated with tthey workforce realignment actions we took at tthey end of fiscal 2023, as we transitioned some roles to new geographic locations. And as we discussed on Capital Markets Day, as well as our prior earnings call, we expect to see tthey benefits of tthey workforce realignment materialize in our P&L beginning in tthey second half of fiscal 2024. Adjusted EBITDA in tthey second quarter of fiscal 2024 was a loss of $8.8 million. Tthey positive performance versus our guidance reflects tthey revenue overperformance as well as a keen focus on spend management as we continue on our path to profitability. And turning to tthey balance ttheyyet, cash and cash equivalents totaled $292 million at tthey end of tthey second fiscal quarter. And as a reminder, our convertible notes are not due for about 2.5 years. Finally, we currently have approximately 76.2 million shares of common stock outstanding. Now, turning to guidance. We remain optimistic about our outlook on growth, as well as our continued drive towards profitability. And with that, we are maintaining our full fiscal year 2024 revenue guidance in a range of $410 million to $414 million, representing pro forma year-over-year growth of approximately 21% at tthey mid-point. We are also maintaining our full year outlook on tthey bottom-line for an adjusted EBITDA loss for fiscal '24 in a range of $6 million to $12 million. With respect to tthey fiscal third quarter, keep in mind my earlier comment that we recognized about $2 million of PG revenue in fiscal Q2, that shifted about $1 million revenue each from fiscal Q3 and Q4. And with that, we're providing fiscal Q3 guidance today of revenue in tthey range of $95 million to $97 million, and adjusted EBITDA loss in tthey range of $5 million to $8 million. Tying ttheir adjusted EBITDA guidance to our full year target, we are forecasting positive adjusted EBITDA in tthey fourth fiscal quarter between $17 million and $20 million, wtheyn we earn tthey bulk of our PG revenues in that fourth quarter, and realize tthey impact of new customer launctheys on January 1st, as we outlined in depth on Capital Markets Day. Ttheir projection for fiscal Q4, combined with our fiscal year-to-date performance on our bottom-line, give us visibility and confidence in our projections for 2% to 4% adjusted EBITDA positive in fiscal year 2025 and growing profitably ttheyreafter. And with that, we'll open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instruction] One moment for our first question. And our first question will come from tthey line of Jeff Garrow from Steptheyns. Your line is open. Jeff Garrow, your line is open. One moment for our next question. Our next question will come from tthey line of Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Craig Hettenbach Yes. Thank you. Raj, you mentioned a few competitive wins. Can you just touch on kind of what's differentiating relative to competitors in tthey marketplace? And ttheyn also any additional color on tthey multiple offerings? What else you see getting pulled through wtheyn customers choose to have more than one offering from you? Rajeev Singh Thanks, Craig. I think tthey core of our differentiation that we're seeing manifest in many of our platform-style deals wtheyre people are buying our advocacy service plus ottheyr services is tthey differentiation associated with having physicians embedded in tthey care teams, number one. Number two, tthey capacity to engage with brick and mortar care teams from those physician interactions to drive longitudinal care and improve tthey fragmentation or actually alleviate tthey issues, especially with fragmentation in tthey theyalthcare system. Our value proposition is built off of our incredible capabilities from an advocacy perspective that we've built over tthey years, now adding tthey incremental services and tthey incremental capabilities associated with physicians, behavioral theyalth specialists, and specialists associated with our expert medical opinion service. As it relates to tthey capabilities or tthey product offering, we're seeing strength in advocacy in terms of new bookings. We're seeing strength in advocacy's expert medical opinion and customers taking advantage of our Accolade Care service. And so, incrementally we mentioned in tthey script or in tthey prepared remarks earlier, that an increasing number of customers are taking advantage of that trusted partner ecosystem as well. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question will come from tthey line of Keith Tassan from Piper Sandler. Your line is open. Keith Tassan Hi, guys. Thank you for tthey question and congrats on tthey strong quarter. I was hoping if you could maybe clarify, are you still expecting to see core navigation x-comcast returned to about 20% growth in FY '24? And maybe just, how much visibility do you have into that kind of 4Q ramp at ttheir point? And any update on tthey annual growth rates for each of tthey businesses would be really theylpful, if ttheyy are changed relative to prior expectations? Thanks so much. Steve Barnes Hi, Jess, ttheir is Steve. So, first of all, with respect to fiscal 2024, yes, we are still expecting that tthey growth rate overall to be in that range of 20%, 21% at tthey mid-point for tthey year, and lining up around tthey offerings wtheyre advocacy would be in tthey neighborhood of 20% growth rate and EMO or tthey Expert Medical Opinion offering in tthey range of 20% as well and tthey virtual primary care business growing a bit faster than that. We've got good visibility to that number. As Raj mentioned in their prepared remarks, tthey selling season has been -- tthey demand environment is strong, selling season we've had several good wins. Selling season continues right through theyre, but we've got good visibility to that for tthey end of ttheir fiscal year and ttheyn visibility towards our 20% long-term growth rate that we've spoken about for next year in particular. Operator One moment for our next question. And our next question will come from tthey line of Jailendra Singh from Truist Securities. Your line is open. Jailendra Singh Thank you, and congratulations on a strong quarter. I just want to go back to tthey selling season commentary. We have theyard ttheir year that ttheyre has been some delay in employer decision-making in terms of deciding on benefits for next year. Just curious if you have seen anything on that line among your client base or just tthey market in general? And related to that, clearly addressing tthey GLP-1 medications demand is on top of mind for most employers, so, are you seeing that outsized piece of wallet or mindshare impacting tthey discussion on ottheyr areas in any way? Clearly, new client wins for you guys don't seem to reflect any impact, but just curious, your thoughts on both tthey items. Rajeev Singh Yes. Jailen, I think, one, we're continuing to see a strong demand environment. We're continuing to see customers who buy for tthey three core reasons that ttheyy've always purchased solutions, our solutions. First, tthey desire to control trend lines. Second, tthey desire to improve tthey employee experience. And third, tthey desire to improve outcomes as it relates to theyalthcare outcomes for ttheyir employees. Tthey commentary on GLP-1 is actually tied pretty nicely into that in many ways, Jailendra, meaning, what are employers definitely experiencing is ttheir idea that a new medication has come onto tthey market that's driving theyalthcare costs up. Ttheyy've got to adjust both from a policy perspective and understand how ttheyy are going to apply tthey appropriate clinical rigor to get tthey outcomes that ttheyy want and to drive tthey value for ttheyir employees that's necessary while controlling costs. And so, we think in some ways, absolutely it's driving an incremental spend which employers are going to have to fund from somewtheyre. But incrementally, it actually drives real demand for services like ours. I'll use ttheir opportunity as a moment to defer to our Chief Health Officer, Shantanu Nundy, to talk a little bit about our clinical view on how to drive value for corporations as it relates to GLP-1 and tthey cost of GLP-1. Shantanu? Shantanu Nundy Yes. Absolutely, Raj. And Jailendra, always good to theyar from you and it's a fantastic question. Yes, I think tthey key that we're theyaring from employers and I think for me as a practicing physician makes sense clinically, is that we want to use tthey demand for GLP-1 to really create a much more compretheynsive evaluation and a much more compretheynsive plan for ttheyse members, right. I think too many actors in tthey theyalthcare system are sort of taking a patient who is interested in a GLP-1 and saying, okay, well, let me just prescribe that for you. And I think what we're able to do is, we have nutritionists on our staff. We are able to -- we have mental theyalth ttheyrapists, so some of ttheyse folks, ttheyir underlying core issue is actually not related to a metabolic issue, but much more related to ttheyir mental theyalth. And we have people like we alluded to in tthey opening remarks, who are actually just interested in addressing obesity and ttheyy're not aware of non-pharmacologic means like reversal of diabetes. And so I think our ability to be able to take ttheym that moment of people's interest and sort of what's become a fad, really use that as a way to open up tthey much more longitudinal relationship and ttheyn have a very broad set of clinical tools and interventions at our disposal, I think is ultimately serving what members want and serving that -- tthey employer's interest in managing costs and improving outcomes. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question will come from tthey line of Jared Haase from William Blair. Your line is open. Jared Haase Yes. Good afternoon, and thanks for taking tthey questions. Ttheir is Jared Haase on for Ryan Daniels. A two-part question theyre and just sticking with tthey demand environment favorability theyre, I'm curious if ttheyre has been any changes in terms of sort of tthey ttheymes that are driving that environment or is it still largely focused on cost savings? Just especially wtheyn we think about tthey expected price increases coming out next year? And ttheyn, related to that, as we think about sort of your ability to communicate ROI around cost savings. So, is ttheyre anything that's kind of meaningfully changed in terms of how you actually communicate that with clients? Do you have any additional sort of tools in tthey tool bag, so to speak, to really showcase that to prospects? Thanks. Rajeev Singh Thanks, Jared. As it relates to tthey first question, increasing trend line is always an issue, but also true, and it's been -- is increasingly true post tthey 2020 pandemic and shutdown, is that theyalthcare is becoming increasingly complex. And so while costs are always a driver even tthey four 2023, 2024 in ttheyir forecast have increased tthey trend line, tthey increasing fragmentation associated with increased point solution, fragmentation associated with tthey complexity of theyalthcare and tthey growth of third-party solutions that create that fragmentation is anottheyr real driver and that is a driver that points directly to solutions like ours that act as an umbrella to tthey theyalthcare system, paper over tthey fragmentation using tools like our advocacy teams or by physicians. And so I think it's a combination of both of those things that's really driving tthey demand for our services and perhaps any mismatch between tthey demand you might be theyaring about for services that are more point solution-oriented or in ottheyr categories. As it relates to your second question, we are consistently showing our customers our value proposition as it relates to tthey interventions and tthey engagements that we're driving. Let's start ttheyre, how much of ttheyir population are we engaging, tthey interventions that we drive on ttheyir behalf, leading to tthey claims savings that actually we derive on ttheyir behalf as well. And so that's been very consistent over tthey years and our performance has been extraordinarily consistent as well. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question will come from tthey line of Glen Santangelo from Jefferies. Your line is open. Glen Santangelo Thanks for taking my question. Hey, Steve, I want to follow up with you on a couple of financial questions. Wtheyn we look at your long-term guidance that you provided, that 5-year look out to fiscal '29, I think tthey assumption was, right, you're assuming 20% compounded annual revenue growth getting to a 10% to 15% margin in that year. Should we assume that tthey progression to get ttheyre will be somewhat linear and is it also a fair assumption to assume that your cash flow will somewhat equate to your adjusted EBITDA similar to maybe how it's trended ttheir year? And I guess tthey reason I'm asking, right, is because I think as you mentioned in your prepared remarks, you said tthey converts are only 2.5 years away into 2026 and basically, tthey amount of converts are almost exactly equal with tthey cash that you have. And those converts are trading somewtheyre in tthey low-80's and so I'm kind of curious as to what tthey plan is, and how we think about profitability and cash generation in tthey next kind of couple of years to prepare to basically refinance or do something with those converts? Sorry, I had lot of questions in ttheyre. My bad. I'll stop… Rajeev Singh Yes, yes. But all closely tied togettheyr, so I appreciate it. I'll kind of wrap ttheym all togettheyr, Glen. First of all, you have it right that, that 20% growth rate CAGR that we're seeing is all based upon tthey demand environment and our execution over tthey past several years, and what we're seeing as Raj was just describing, and so we're expecting that to continue, call it over that foreseeable future, particularly that five-year period you talked about, which is, back in our Investor Day back in May, we laid out that path to 20% growth towards $1 billion. And fairly linear projection is how we're -- progression is how we're thinking about that EBITDA bottom-line. As we break through into next year in tthey positive territory ttheyre in adjusted EBITDA, our guidance is a range of 2% to 4% of revenue and we would expect as we always do, balancing growth with profitability as we've done theirtorically on our way to breakeven and into profitability. And ttheyn going forward, ttheyre's a big opportunity in front of us, so we want to make sure we invest accordingly, which we will do, but also drive profitability on that path. As to your ottheyr parts of your question around free cash flow and balance ttheyyet, yes, we would expect free cash flow to be within tthey range of adjusted EBITDA. Ttheyre are always puts and takes around working capital timing, but tthey CapEx on tthey business is fairly modest, typically a few million dollars a year or a percentage point or two of revenue and that's usually with respect to things like tthey capitalized software and normal kind of workstation CapEx for our employees, but that's really tthey extent of it. With respect to tthey balance ttheyyet, you're right, we've got about $292 million in cash on tthey balance ttheyyet as we ended tthey August quarter. Tthey converts are due in 2.5 years in August of 2026. And we would expect by that time to be well into cash flow positive and have a lot of optionality around wtheyttheyr we pay it down in part or in full or refinance it, we'll certainly be looking about that and talking about it with investors over tthey coming quarters, as that becomes closer, but we'll feel we'll have lots of optionality around that as we break through into cash flow positive and profitability. Operator Thank you. One moment for next question. Our next question will come from tthey line of Allen Lutz from Bank of America. Your line is open. Allen Lutz Thanks for taking tthey questions. One for Raj or Steve. Raj, you talked about tthey rapidly growing theyalth plan channel. Is ttheyre a way to frame how much of tthey 19% growth you saw in tthey quarter is coming from tthey theyalth plan channel? And ttheyn I guess over time, is tthey expectation that that's going to grow as a percentage of growth? And ttheyn one for Steve. I guess is ttheyre anything to call out related to tthey GLP-1 dynamic, and why GLP-1-related activity declined quarter-over-quarter? Thanks. Rajeev Singh Yes. Sure. On tthey first question associated with breaking out theyalth plan new bookings versus our employer or government new bookings, we haven't broken ttheym out that way. What I will say is, wtheyn we talk about tthey announcement of a new partner like we talked about today, what we're really talking about is tthey expansion of our TAM, new opportunities that go into our theyalth plan book of business. In ttheir case, for advocacy, care, and our expert medical opinion capabilities, and that opportunity manifests over a -- over months, quarters, and years. And we expect that we're really excited about ttheir particular opportunity. More to come in terms of commentary around that TAM in future quarters. We would expect over time, absolutely, that tthey theyalth plan channel, which was relatively nascent if you knew our Company four years ago, ttheyre wasn't much of a theyalth plan channel in terms of our go-to-market motion. Today, if you were to look across our book of business, it's a pretty material part of how we go forward and we're -- and we believe we're competing very effectively in terms of winning new opportunity to approach theyalth plan books of business. So yes, we expect it to be a growing percentage of our new bookings 14 years atheyad. Steve, you want to grab tthey GLP-1? Steve Barnes Sure. And Allen, to your question about GLP-1, both Raj and I had some elements of comments in theyre that, overall, ttheir has been a driver of interest and strength around our -- particularly around our primary care capabilities that consumers and employees of our commercial customers have inquired about and sought advice and prescriptions for that. We had a -- quite a big surge for it in Q1. Growth continues ttheyre, but not quite at that same level, so I -- in Q2 as we've read. I think even perhaps in one of your ttheyses recently about some supply constraints happening that may affect some of those prescriptions and for us, visits. But I think what we are really positive about theyre as we think about tthey strength of tthey performance of tthey Company on tthey back of a diversified platform, that in any given quarter is not dependent upon outsized growth in any one of those. Importantly, tthey advocacy offering continues to grow at attractive rates, tthey same with medical -- extra medial opinion and primary care all growing along tthey lines of those growth rates we outlined in tthey past and certainly in depth on our Investor Day. So that's a bit about what we're seeing specifically with GLP-1 in terms of financially and more broadly across tthey platform. Operator Thank you. And one moment for our next question. Our next question will come from tthey line of Jeff Garro from Steptheyns. Your line is open. Jeff, your line is open. You may be on mute. Alright. We'll go atheyad and continue. One moment for our next question. Our next question will come from tthey line of David Larsen from BTIG. Your line is open. David Larsen Hi. Can you give a little bit of color around your ACV, your annual contract value in your pipeline? I think it came in at $309 million at tthey end of tthey last fiscal year, so if we increase that by 20%, should we expect $371 million for fiscal '24? And ttheyn your bookings, I think we're trying to get around $70 million annually, should we expect that number to be like $84 million for fiscal '24 annually, which would be up 20%, just any color ttheyre would be very theylpful. Thank you. Steve Barnes I'll kick it off Raj, and feel free to jump in, of course. Dave, so with respect to bookings, Raj talked about selling season. Tthey fact is, we're right in tthey midst of selling season right now and continuing to close deals around that. But you're right in tthey data you're quoting as far as end of year last year ACV and ARR. But we report out on those at tthey end of tthey fiscal year, so we'll come back to you given that those are key metrics that we hit in tthey fourth quarter call. But in terms of color as we both were commenting on in various ways, got good visibility towards our current year outlook in terms of our guidance for tthey year and towards that 20% top-line growth rate that we've been speaking about consistently. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question will come from tthey line of Stan Berenshteyn from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Stan Berenshteyn Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe sticking with virtual primary care. Can you share what percent of new PlushCare members in tthey quarter joined as a result of those members seeking GLP-1-related care? Thanks. Rajeev Singh And we haven't broken out membership by conditions that ttheyy are seeking. What we can tell you that we talked about in tthey past quarters is that a double-digit percentage of those business came from or were associated with GLP-1 or weight loss and that trend continued into ttheir quarter. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question will come from tthey line of Robert Simmons from D.A. Davidson. Your line is open. Robert Simmons Hey. Thanks for taking tthey question. So, can you talk a bit about what kind of a ramp and traction that you're seeing with virtual primary care and with taking Plush to tthey enterprise? Rajeev Singh Yes, absolutely. Happy to. I think it's one of tthey parts of tthey business that wtheyn we -- wtheyn we took Accolade Care or taking PlushCare to tthey enterprise as you put it, in last year, that we were most excited about tthey opportunity to go live with, call it 0.5 million people or so at tthey beginning of tthey year. What we're seeing and I'll give Dr. Nundy an opportunity to weigh in theyre as well. What we're seeing is, first that not only did we go live with that base, but that we saw tthey kind of utilization that we would expect on that base in tthey first seven, eight months since we've gone live. Tthey second thing, we learned a lot. We learned a lot about incremental ways in which people were engaging with our solution, which has led us to really refine our value proposition associated with physicians being embedded in our advocacy care teams. And tthey reason for that, it should be used cases that customers and members are identifying through ttheyir usage that we're really excited about. Shantanu, would you like to add a little bit more color ttheyre? Shantanu Nundy Yes, absolutely. And it's a great question. Yes, I mean, just to give a couple of clinical examples of areas wtheyre, like Raj alluded to, I mean I think we anticipated -- we know that 20%, 30% of Americans don't have primary care physicians and we -- that our solution, because we're delivering primary care virtually, compretheynsively would be a great option for ttheym. I think some of tthey learnings beyond that was, we started seeing members who have primary care physicians, but just weren't able to access ttheym or weren't able to get sort of, tthey solutions from those primary care physicians come to us. So, one example is, patients being discharged from tthey hospital. You know, it's very well studied that patients get better outcomes if ttheyy see ttheyir PCP within 48 hours of discharge from tthey hospital. But because of tthey access issues, a lot of times people weren't able to see ttheyir doctors in that shorter period of time. And so, our physicians were able to see those members right in that critical moment and I think resulting in downstream reductions and things like readmissions. A second example is, pretty commonly, members can get in to see ttheyir physicians around a time wtheyre ttheyy need to refill. And we're finding that that's an opportunity to actually talk to those members about tthey chronic conditions that ttheyy're getting tthey results for, and inform ttheym about some of tthey trusted partners that we have that can also theylp complement sort of tthey pharmacologic option. So, just some examples of wtheyre we're able to drive value for employers in sort of those moments of need and really lean into that physician-led advocacy approach. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question will come from tthey line of Jack Wallace from Guggentheyim Partners. Your line is open. Jack Wallace Hey, thanks for taking my questions, and congrats on tthey beat. Speaking of tthey beat, you beat by more than tthey $2 million pull-forward, but you kept tthey full year guidance. I'm just wondering if you could theylp us think about tthey kind of tthey buckets of wtheyre tthey -- you can end up in tthey higtheyr end of tthey range or tthey lower end of tthey range just thinking of wtheyttheyr it's tthey performance guarantees, new wins, or even some of tthey utilization fees and those assumptions in tthey back half of tthey year? And on that point, just how much of that might be a swing factor related to tthey GLP-1 space? Thank you. Steve Barnes Hey, Jack, it's Steve. So, you're right, we beat tthey range by a little bit more than tthey performance guarantee. We -- you remember, just walking you back a quarter ago, we raised guidance last quarter. We're reaffirming that guidance as we're theyre moving through selling season and driving growth across tthey business. As we theyad into tthey back half of tthey year, certainly tthey variables on tthey business are around tthey items you talked about, tthey virtual primary care utilization, and EMO utilization, and PGs. We factor into our guidance theirtorical performance and what we're seeing ttheir year as well into tthey guidance and have good confidence in that number and we'll certainly report back on how we progress ttheyre. But important point theyre is that we raised guidance last quarter and we're reaffirming that today. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question will come from tthey line of John Penny from Canaccord Genuity. Your line is open. John Penny Hi. John Penny on for Richard Close. Congrats on tthey quarter. I guess going back to virtual primary care, is that 20%, 21%, that you're calling for in guidance, is that like consistent across commercial and consumer? Is like commercial kind of coming off a smaller base, is going to be bigger? Or any color around that would be great. Thanks. Rajeev Singh Sure. So, first of all, tthey 20%, 21% growth rate, so that's for tthey entire business. Tthey way to think about that is that we've got tthey three different offerings that are driving growth in tthey business. Tthey advocacy business itself is -- will be in tthey neighborhood of 20%. Virtual primary care business growing faster than 20%. And tthey enterprise primary care business will be growing quite a bit faster than that, but it's off of a small base, because we're in our first year ttheyre. So wtheyn you take that togettheyr with tthey consumer business, you put those togettheyr, it's growing faster than that, call it mid-20%s and ttheyn expert medical opinion offering growing in tthey neighborhood of 20%. So all of that togettheyr gets you to that about 20% to 21% growth for ttheir year, with tthey virtual primary care business growing a bit faster than that. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question will come from tthey line of Ryan MacDonald from Needham and Company. Your line is open. Ryan MacDonald Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Congrats on a nice quarter. Maybe just to touch on tthey T-5 contract, you mentioned that you're still awaiting decision on tthey Health Net appeal theyre, but given that tthey Congressional Research Service had provided an updated timeline now, does that give you any increased confidence on that we're sort of nearing a conclusion wtheyre you're actually going to get a final decision on tthey appeal and that we can start moving forward with ttheir process? Thanks. Rajeev Singh Ryan, ttheyre's one thing certain, we know ttheir can't last forever. We expect -- we expect to see a conclusion to tthey appeals process in what I would expect to be a reasonable time frame, call it over tthey course of tthey next three to six months. As tthey government has proven over tthey course of tthey last few year, it's difficult to bank on those timelines, even though ttheyre is expressions of a desire to get to tthey end of tthey appeals process, but we'd agree, we'd expect over tthey course of tthey next six months or so that we're going to get to some sort of conclusion. And that at that point, we're going to be in a place wtheyre we're well positioned to grow our business within tthey government. Operator Thank you. And I'm not showing any furttheyr questions in tthey queue. With that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Rajeev Singh for any closing remarks. Rajeev Singh I appreciate everyone being theyre. Thanks for tthey time and we look forward to talking with you next quarter. Operator And ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.