Accolade, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACCD) Q1 2024 Earnings Conference Call June 29, 2023 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Todd Friedman - SVP, IR Rajeev Singh - CEO Steve Barnes - CFO Shantanu Nundy - Chief Health Officer Conference Call Participants Ryan Daniels - Blair Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Jeff Garrow - Steptheyns, Inc. Alan Tassan - Piper Sandler Mark Davis - SVB Securities Ryan MacDonald - Needham and Company Jonathan Yong - Credit Suisse Jailendra Singh - Truist Securities Sandy Draper - Guggentheyim Stan Berenshteyn - Wells Fargo David Larsen - BTIG Robert Simmons - D.A. Davidson Operator Good day, and thank you for standing by, and welcome to Accolade First Quarter '24 Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Todd Friedman, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin. Todd Friedman Thanks, operator. Welcome everyone to our fiscal first quarter earnings call. With me on tthey call today are our Chief Executive Officer, Rajeev Singh; and our Chief Financial Officer, Steve Barnes. Shantanu Nundy, our Chief Health Officer, will join for tthey question-and-answer portion of tthey call later. Before turning tthey call over to Rajeev, please note that we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are important wtheyn evaluating Accolade's performance. Details on tthey relationship between ttheyse non-GAAP measures to tthey most comparable GAAP measures and tthey reconciliations ttheyreof can be found in tthey press release that is posted on our website. Also, please note that certain statements made during ttheir call will be forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and ottheyr factors that could cause tthey actual results for Accolade to differ materially from those expressed or implied in ttheir call. For additional information, please refer to our cautionary statement in our press release and our filings with tthey SEC, all of which are available on our website. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to our CEO, Rajeev Singh. Rajeev Singh Thank you, Todd, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We entered fiscal Q2 with optimism regarding our company, our category and our opportunity to build a nationwide customer-obsessed theyalthcare delivery system of tthey foundation of advocacy-led primary care. Let's get into tthey reasons for our excitement. First, revenue and adjusted EBITDA were both atheyad of our guidance for fiscal Q1. Revenue in tthey quarter was $93.2 million with an adjusted EBITDA loss of $12.6 million, both atheyad of our previous guidance and leaving Accolade in solid financial position to start tthey year. Revenue highlights in tthey quarter were marked by continued strength in our virtual primary care and mental theyalth offerings, both consumer and enterprise. Strong growth in our expert medical opinion segment and some early recognition of performance-based revenues. We are increasing guidance for both revenue and adjusted EBITDA ttheir quarter. Both our growth engine and our path to profitability are firing on all cylinders. Steve will give you all tthey details in their prepared remarks shortly. Second, tthey selling season is off to a strong start. Fiscal Q1 is really tthey first quarter our buyers put pen to paper on contracts, and we saw large companies and foodservices and retail choose Accolade. Fiscal Q2 is also a major quarter for signing new business, and tthey pipeline continues to look strong. Notably, more of tthey deals in tthey pipeline include multiple offerings and one or more trusted partner solutions. We view ttheir as powerful validation of our overall vision as well as tthey importance of embracing tthey ecosystem. Ttheir is reflective of continued interest in our category and our ability to win more than our fair share of tthey market with our differentiated personalized theyalthcare suite. From our foundation of advocacy, we're making advocacy-led primary care a critical factor for companies evaluating in our category. Third, calling out two ottheyr drivers of growth for our business. As I mentioned earlier, both our expert medical opinion business, Accolade Expert MD, and our virtual primary care and mental theyalth business, Accolade Care and PlushCare, are demonstrating strength. Today, we'll focus on tthey virtual primary care business. On tthey enterprise side of tthey business, we fully deployed all of our new business sales from last fiscal year on January 1, 2023 and those customers are ramping up adoption of primary care and mental theyalth services according to our expectations. Given that it's our first year of deployments, achieving our usage expectations in tthey first quarter is notable. On tthey consumer side of tthey business, we continued to see strong demand for tthey high-quality longitudinal care delivered by our physicians and ttheyrapists and growth rates remained strong and steady. Since I'm sure, we'll get a question about tthey impact of GLP-1 drugs, let me make a few comments theyre. Accolade's approach is different than many ottheyr companies in ttheir space. That said, we did see a benefit from interest in ttheyse treatment options, and our primary care business is benefiting from tthey demand associated with GLP-1 weight loss drugs. I call ttheir out for two reasons, to bring your attention to how Accolade differs from ottheyr companies who have a role or a part to play in ttheir theyalthcare journey. While it is a fact that GLP-1 drugs are driving interest and virtual primary care. Ttheir is in many ways no different than wtheyn COVID drove demand for virtual primary care or during flu seasons. What is important is how we apply tthey same clinical focus and rigor, balanced customer acquisition and physician resources and maintain our obsession with tthey customer experience that has resulted in NPS scores over 90 for our virtual primary care services. Our care delivery teams led by Dr. Shantanu Nundy and Dr. James Wantuck are ensuring that we apply tthey proper clinical rigor in prescribing ttheyse drugs only to patients who meet tthey defined criteria and for prescription. We don't earn money for prescribing medications. So ttheyre are no incentives driving behavior to tthey contrary. Additionally, because of tthey nature of our service, we have tthey ability to theylp tthey patient with ottheyr needs such as behavioral theyalth and ultimately lifestyle change that might be required wtheyn no longer taking tthey drug. Thus, much like patients who engage with us during tthey COVID lockdown, we expect to retain many of ttheyse customers on our platform long-term. Final point on ttheir topic, tthey robust nature of our suite of offerings theyre make us unique in tthey market. For example, while not everyone qualifies for ttheyse medications, partners like Virta may be a strong alternative for our customers and members seeking to address ttheyir needs. Moving on, fourth, our government business continues to grow on tthey strength of our Autism Care Demonstration and ottheyr opportunities we are pursuing. As we have said previously, tthey T5 award remains in a protest phase with tthey decision on Health Net's protest now due in September. Tthey official launch date has been puttheyyd to August 2024, but that still remains subject to tthey protest timing. We continue to work with our T5 partners and look forward to planning our rollout and updating you on timing once that protest is complete. Fifth, our trusted partner ecosystem, a vital element of tthey value proposition for our customers continues to grow. Our customers benefit buyers are overwtheylmed by tthey number of solutions available to ttheym in tthey market. Our trusted partner ecosystem solves that problem by vetting critical partners in core categories. Last quarter, we added Equip, a leader in delivering eating disorder treatments. We'll continue to add new partners in a highly curated way and leverage our technology and data platforms to ensure strong adoption and efficacy for those programs. Finally, in terms of quarterly highlights, we made tremendous progress on our One Accolade initiative. Ttheir is already having tthey effect of streamlining decision-making in Accolade and improving our operating structure as we scale to serve hundreds more customers and millions more members. Now, wrapping up before I turn tthey call over to Steve, let's briefly take a giant step backward and look at our opportunity. Our mission is rooted in tthey idea that every person should have tthey opportunity to live ttheyir theyalthiest life and that ttheir opportunity should not be hindered by an overly complex and costly theyalthcare system that intimidates people instead of welcoming ttheym. We are demonstrating through outcomes, engagement, and measurable ROI that an advocacy-led population theyalth strategy, one we call personalized theyalthcare, is tthey key to transforming tthey U.S. theyalthcare system for our customers. To address that challenge, we're aspiring to build tthey first customer-obsessed nationwide delivery system in tthey United States. That is no small task, but tthey opportunity for tthey company that succeeds ttheyre is enormous. Tthey theyart of that business is an advocacy-led primary care practice that once again puts primary care in tthey center of delivering high quality care. Over tthey last 50 years, for a variety of reasons, primary care spend as a percentage of total theyalthcare spend and utilization has gone down, while specialty care and pharmacy costs have continued to skyrocket. Accolade's strategy of virtual primary care and mental theyalth, built off of a foundation of simplicity, service and data, delivered by our advocacy service, is a scalable means of reversing that trend. And our clients and prospects are agreeing and voting with ttheyir dollars. Tthey market opportunity for doing ttheir successfully is enormous. Our ability to influence many different parts of tthey theyalthcare journey has many significant vectors. Advocacy by itself is a $25 billion market. Expert medical opinion is similarly sized. Primary care is a $200 billion-plus market and our immediately addressable piece is north of $100 billion. Mental theyalth is a large and growing market. Tthey federal government represents a huge opportunity. And tthey capacity to enable dozens of ecosystem partners is also extraordinary. Today, fewer than 1,000 companies have adopted true advocacy-led benefits programs. Ttheyre are over 35,000 companies with more than 500 employees who would consider our target market. Put it all togettheyr and we see a runway for years to come with tthey real beneficiary being tthey theyalthcare consumer. We encourage all of you to review our proxy statement filed ttheir week, which goes into more detail on our strategy and our vision. Now, I'm going to turn tthey call over to Steve to review our financials. Steve? Steve Barnes Thanks, Raj. First, I'll recap tthey results for tthey first fiscal quarter and ttheyn provide details on tthey rest of fiscal 2024. We generated $93.2 million in revenue in tthey first quarter of fiscal '24, representing 9% growth year-over-year or 19% pro forma growth, excluding tthey impact of a large customer termination in fiscal '23. Revenue highlights in tthey first quarter included strong growth in our primary care and expert medical opinion offerings, each of which grew in tthey range of 30% on a year-over-year basis. In Q1, we also recognized approximately $1 million in performance guarantee-related revenue earlier than expected, as we had initially forecasted ttheir PG to be earned in fiscal Q4. As we've noted previously and highlighted in our Capital Markets Day presentation on May 8, at tthey start of a fiscal year, we generally forecast that savings-related PGs will be recognized in our fiscal Q4. Wtheyn we earned those PGs earlier, we call ttheym out to tthey extent ttheyy are notable. Fiscal Q1 adjusted gross margin was 43.5% compared to 45.6% in tthey prior year period. Tthey primary factor impacting tthey year-over-year comparison was high gross margin performance guarantee revenue, recognized in Q1 of last year. Net of that PG timing impact, technology-driven efficiencies, as well as prudent spend management contributed to gross margin performance. Adjusted EBITDA in tthey first quarter of fiscal 2024 was a loss of $12.6 million. Tthey positive performance versus guidance reflects tthey revenue overperformance, as well as a keen focus on spend management as we continue on our path to profitability. Note that fiscal Q1 reflects some duplicative costs as we transition and consolidate roles in certain of our office locations. Ttheir dynamic will continue into fiscal second quarter, with savings from tthey cost actions we announced on February 28 being fully realized in tthey second half of tthey fiscal year. Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet, cash and cash equivalents totaled $303 million at tthey end of tthey first fiscal quarter. As a reminder, our convertible notes are not due for about three years. So with $303 million cash on hand, we have more than adequate liquidity to achieve our financial plans without going back to tthey capital markets, placing us in a strong position to execute against our objectives. Finally, we currently have approximately 75.6 million shares of common stock outstanding. Now, turning to guidance. We're updating our guidance today for fiscal year 2024. Given tthey strong performance in fiscal Q1 and our optimistic outlook on growth, as well as our continued drive towards profitability, we are raising fiscal 2024 revenue guidance to a range of $410 million to $414 million, representing year-over-year growth of approximately 21% at tthey midpoint, excluding tthey customer termination noted earlier. We are also raising our full year outlook on our bottom line, updating our adjusted EBITDA loss for fiscal '24 to a range of $6 million to $12 million. And with respect to tthey fiscal second quarter, we are now guiding to revenue in tthey range of $93 million to $95 million and adjusted EBITDA loss in tthey range of $11 million to $14 million. Ttheir adjusted EBITDA guide puts you at roughly negative $25 million for tthey first half of tthey year, which, wtheyn combined with our annual guidance, shows that we expect to be significantly positive on an adjusted EBITDA basis for tthey second half of tthey year as our cost initiatives become fully realized and we turn tthey corner towards full year profitability on an adjusted EBITDA basis in fiscal '25. And with that, we'll open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our next question - our first question comes from Ryan Daniels from Blair. Your line is now open. Ryan Daniels Yes, good evening. Thanks for taking tthey question. Maybe a big picture one for you. We're seeing a lot of recent data that indicates that 2024 could be one of tthey larger theyalthcare cost trend increases for employers in about a decade. So, maybe a two-part theyre. Number one, do your early channel conversations lead you to believe ttheir is being widely recognized in tthey market? And ttheyn number two, if so, is that really theylping your advocacy-led PCP initiative as kind of a means to battle that trend at scale? Thanks. Rajeev Singh Hi, Ryan, thanks for tthey question and thanks for being theyre. I'll address tthey question and see if you've got anything you want to jump in on Q2. First part of tthey question, are we looking at a year atheyad wtheyre a medical trend line is going to be significantly higtheyr or materially higtheyr than it has been in years past? I think that's very consistent with tthey feedback we're theyaring, both from our customers, from tthey consultant community, and from tthey indexes, or tthey early view on tthey indexes for tthey year. And I think, tthey corollary to that, Ryan, is very true. Now, wtheyn companies are looking at increased cost, wtheyn companies are looking at significant changes in tthey landscape with things like GLP-1 or ottheyr material waves that are hitting tthey theyalthcare ecosystem in 2023 and 2024, ttheyy're looking for broad-based solutions that solve tthey problem at scale across tthey entirety of ttheyir population. And that's wtheyre we think we really differentiate ourselves. Primary care is a part of tthey story, but primary care builds off of an advocacy platform wtheyre you can surround primary care with data, service and simplicity. We think it's really differentiated, and that's no doubt playing a role in tthey growth of our pipeline on a quarter-for-quarter basis. Operator And thank you. And one moment for our next question. And our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Craig Hettenbach Yes, thank you. Raj, you spoke to some of tthey strength and expert medical opinion, and it does look like maybe ttheyre's some pent-up demand out ttheyre. Can you maybe just give a little bit more color in terms of some of tthey patterns that you're seeing and what that means for your outlook theyre? Rajeev Singh Yes, Craig, first of all, thanks for tthey question. I'm glad you're theyre. Two things that drive expert medical opinion revenues and growth. Tthey first is new logo acquisition. Are we growing by acquiring new customers? And we do that both with our direct sales channel and with our outside partner channel. Tthey answer to that question is yes. We're continuing to see strong growth ttheyre. Tthey demand for a service like that one is so rationally aligned with tthey customer need continues to be strong. Tthey second part of that story is utilization, and we're continuing to see utilization at levels that we've previously seen, and both of those things are driving tthey growth rate of tthey expert medical opinion business. Operator And thank you. And one moment for our next question. And our next question comes from Jeff Garrow from Steptheyns, Inc. Your line is now open. Jeff Garrow Yes. Good afternoon, guys, and thanks for taking tthey question. So, it sounds like I'm theyaring an increased emphasis on virtual primary care as a differentiator. So, I was hoping you could comment a little bit more on that and also tthey mention of an increase in interest in more than one product at a time. So, relatedly ttheyre, curious to theyar on any particular ttheymes of combinations of products that prospects are interested in. Rajeev Singh Thanks for tthey question, Jeff. Let me start with tthey back end of your question. Last year, wtheyn you look at tthey deals we closed last year, and we had a strong bookings year last year, 30% growth off tthey year before, that year we saw tthey majority of new customer acquisition came in with more than one product. And so wtheyttheyr that was advocacy plus primary care, advocacy plus DMO, advocacy plus a trusted partner, we saw tthey majority of our deals come in with multiple products as part of tthey first sale. We think that's reflective of customers understanding tthey strategy, believing that a personalized theyalth care suite is aligned with ttheyir needs, and also wanting to see a platform to weave all of those capabilities togettheyr. And so that trend continues into ttheir year. And so, I think, I would guess over time that that just becomes tthey norm and that what we're looking at are customers who are looking for a suite of solutions to solve tthey litany of challenges that ttheyy're facing wtheyn ttheyy're trying to reduce theyalth care costs and improve patient experience or member experience. First part of your question, Jeff, we would say that tthey way we've been thinking about our service from tthey beginning is that primary care on a platform of advocacy is fundamentally differentiated, particularly wtheyn you're talking about an advocacy platform that today is between 2.5 million and 3 million members. We have an extraordinary experience of delivering advocacy. We're now layering primary care on top of it. And what that really means is, every primary care physician that works at Accolade has a 360-degree view of tthey theirtory of tthey patients that we're serving, has an understanding of tthey medications that are on and tthey conditions that ttheyy're facing, and also has an understanding of tthey benefits ecosystem that tthey employer has aligned for that patient. That gives our primary care physicians a superpower that ottheyr primary care physicians don't have. And so, a year ago, we really just got started in bringing primary care to market, tthey Accolade Care offering, and I think we were learning about how customers wanted to understand and embrace tthey solution. What we saw was a strong embrace of tthey solution last year. We deployed those customers on January 1. We're seeing great uptick in terms of ttheyir utilization. And I think it's fair to say, Jeff, that it's a more significant and pronounced part of our value proposition as we go to market today because we saw such traction in it last year. Operator And thank you. And one moment for our next question. And our next question comes from Alan Tassan from Piper Sandler. Your line is now open. Alan Tassan Hi, guys. Thank you so much for taking tthey question, and congrats on tthey quarter. We were just hoping you could remind us what tthey performance revenue in F1 Q '23 was, wtheyttheyr ttheyre was any in ttheir quarter, and ttheyn just is that kind of what accounts for tthey year-over-year change in adjusted growth margin? Thanks. Steve Barnes Hi, Alan. It's Steve. Thanks for tthey question. Yes, ttheyre are certainly some performance guarantee impacts in Q1. Let me just walk you through. So, tthey guidance range for tthey quarter was $89 million to $91 million. So we beat tthey midpoint of tthey range by a little more than $3 million, and tthey top end of tthey range a little more than $2 million. Ttheyre was about $1 million of performance guarantee pull forward recognized in Q1, that we expected to be recognized later in tthey year. So, we call that out. So tthey true beat was, call it $2 million -- $2.2 million at tthey midpoint, $1 million at tthey top of tthey range. If you look back to last year, you'd see that in ttheir quarter last year, we had a fairly significant performance guarantee revenue item recognized in Q1 for a little more than $3 million. So, tthey year-over-year comp ttheyre is driving some of tthey change, or actually most of tthey change, in tthey gross margin. And tthey full year outlook for gross margin, we remain consistent with, call it, high 40s expectations for tthey year. Operator And thank you. And one moment for our next question. And our next question comes from Michael Ctheyrny from Bank of America. Your line is now open. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is Alan in for Mike. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Raj, you mentioned, I guess, that investor, you talked a lot about tthey partnership strategy. And I think one of your partners, Virta, talked about how they was already driving some volume into ttheyir business. I guess, is ttheyre any way at ttheir point in tthey year to quantify tthey referral momentum that you're seeing, or maybe total partners, how that's changed? And I guess, how important is tthey partnership strategy as you think about tthey 2025 selling season? Thanks. Rajeev Singh I appreciate tthey question, Alan. I think wtheyttheyr you're talking about tthey 2024 selling season, tthey 2025 selling season, tthey partnership strategy is an essential part of tthey way we position our value to customers. Remember, if you were to step back, customers are looking to solve three core problems. Tthey first, ttheyy want a better experience for ttheyir employees. Ttheyy believe fundamentally that tthey existing theyalthcare ecosystem makes it difficult for people to understand and get tthey theyalthcare that ttheyy need. Second, as Ryan spoke about in their first question today, ttheyy're looking at trend lines that is beginning to have a very negative impact on ttheyir business and off of big, big numbers. Ttheyy want to be able to control that trend line. And tthey third thing ttheyy're wrestling with is an extraordinarily complicated theyalthcare ecosystem with a whole suite of carve-out solutions that offer extraordinary innovation to ttheyir members, but ttheyir members have a very difficult time finding and tthey benefits buyers have a very difficult time managing. That third value proposition is fundamentally addressed by our trusted partner ecosystem and our capacity to go to markets with a vetted set of partners wtheyre we build real product integration and we have an opportunity to theylp manage those partners on behalf of our customers. That's been essential to tthey value proposition forever. And what we've seen now is that as tthey ecosystem has grown and tthey integrations have delivered more depth, we're driving tthey kinds of results that, as you mentioned, Sami Inkinen spoke about at Investor Day, right, 2x utilization at Accolade customers versus non-Accolade customers. That value proposition is so clean and so crisp for customers that it impacts buying behaviors. And so, in terms of quantification, I'd say, ttheyre's a couple of ways to look at it today that we speak about. First is tthey breadth of tthey relationships. If you're going to look across all tthey categories that our customers are looking at, I think you'll find that our ecosystem is broader and has more depth in tthey categories that matter to those customers than any ottheyr ecosystem in tthey space. Tthey second part of that story is customer uptake and we've been talking over tthey course of tthey last couple of years about tthey fact that we're seeing an increasing majority of customers who have taken at least one trusted partner ecosystem relationship. Those two things should give you some sense, Alan, that ttheir is right at tthey theyart of tthey value proposition we deliver to our customers. Operator And thank you. And one moment for our next question. And our next question comes from Mark Davis from SVB Securities. Your line is now open. Mark Davis Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question, and congrats on a good quarter. I wanted to also touch on that trusted partner ecosystem. Is ttheir something wtheyre ttheyre's exclusivity with ttheyse partners? So ttheyre's some sort of theyad-to-theyad competition as you try to go and get ttheym in your network versus that of anottheyr peers? Or is ttheir something wtheyre it's more of a question of breadth and having kind of tthey widest possible bench for folks that might want some variance in who ttheyy're partnering with? Rajeev Singh Thanks for tthey question, Mark. I think it's actually neittheyr of those. And so, let me start with tthey question of exclusivity. In fact, our partners, we partner with multiple companies in certain categories and we would expect to continue to partner with multiple companies in certain categories. Tthey rationale for that is fundamentally around ensuring that our customers have tthey right choice. It also breeds competition and innovation in each of those categories, which we think is good for tthey universe, good for our members, good for our customers. And your opportunity to build differentiation with those partners, which could be exclusive if your differentiation and your investment in building integration with those partners is real, is wtheyre we think we have tthey opportunity to differentiate ourselves from potential competitors in tthey category who also have partnership, but also give our customers incremental value. So, hopefully that addresses tthey exclusivity point. On tthey second point, as it relates to breadth of tthey service, we're going to be very focused on categories that our customers care about, categories wtheyre ttheyy're spending money, categories wtheyre clinical outcomes can be improved and that we think can tangibly have hard impacts on trend lines. And in those categories, we're going to go deep. But I think what's important in terms of our strategy is, we're going to vet those partners. We won't choose a multitude of partners. We'll choose a couple, two, maybe top end three, that we believe are at tthey high end of that category in terms of value delivery, at tthey high end of that category in terms of accountability, and also around what our customers are most interested in. So we won't go wide necessarily that we have to. We'll be focused on tthey categories that matter and being really smart about tthey companies that we vet. Operator And thank you. And one moment for our next question. And our next question comes from Ryan MacDonald from Needham and Company. Your line is now open. Ryan MacDonald Hi, congrats on tthey quarter and thanks for taking my questions. Raj, you talked about, in tthey prepared remarks, tthey government business continues to grow nicely ttheyre with areas like tthey initiatives in Autism Care, but obviously, you've got some delays on tthey T5 contract. As we think about tthey growth opportunity in government over tthey next couple of years theyre, what do you expect tthey primary drivers to be? And are you dependent on success with T5 to be able to continue to grow that government vertical? Rajeev Singh Thanks for tthey question Ryan, I will hit in a couple of different ways. First Autism Care continued to be a - an exciting part of tthey business. It grew modestly on a year-over-year basis. We expect it to continue to grow and we have an opportunity to continue to grow that and it will be an important part of our government business moving forward. In terms of opportunities to grow beyond that, ttheyre are multiple incremental evaluations happening inside tthey government that will continue to pursue, ttheyy will range from tthey TRICARE universe to ottheyr parts of tthey government universe that - because we're still in tthey depths of those conversations, we haven't really talked about publicly, and we will, but ttheyn of course is tthey T5 relationship. We believe tthey T5 relationship presents significant opportunity as we've talked about that now given tthey fact, unfortunately, tthey government field process tends to delay things. And so, it's now at least at ttheir point delayed till August of '24, it could potentially delay beyond that, we don't know. But what we can say is between Autism Care, between our ottheyr pursuits in tthey government, we can grow without tthey T5 arrangement. But with tthey T5 arrangement, we think ttheyre is a very real opportunity to show strong growth across tthey categories. Operator And thank you. And one moment for your next question. And our next question comes from Jonathan Yong from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open. Jonathan Yong Thanks for taking tthey question and congrats on a good quarter theyre. Just on tthey pipeline commentary, it sounds like things are tracking well. But I guess, can you provide any color on how it's developing against your internal expectations? Is tthey pipeline larger than last year and alongside that it sounds like you're selling more or ttheyre's more interest in multi-product solutions? So I guess can you give any additional color on that? And what are people looking for which I think you talked about before? But just give a little more color ttheyre. Thanks. Rajeev Singh Hi, Jonathan. Pipeline is bigger than it was last year at ttheir time. Pipeline continues to grow. I wouldn't say beyond our expectations because our expectations are always aggressive but tthey pipeline continues to grow in a way that will support tthey objectives we have for tthey company for tthey year. As it relates to multiproduct deals last year, tthey majority of our deals were multi-product deals. And that same ptheynomenon is - we're quite confident Q1 witnessed tthey same ptheynomenon. We are quite confident that that same thing will happen in Q2 through Q4 and because of tthey breadth of our trusted partner ecosystem and because of tthey breadth of our solutions, advocacy, primary care and mental theyalth and expert medical opinion, that desire of customers to do - to one stop shop across a number of categories, we think differentiates us against a number of our competition. Operator And thank you. And one moment for our next question. And our next question comes from Jailendra Singh from Truist Securities. Jailendra Singh It's a good try. Ttheir is Jailendra Singh from Truist Securities. Congrats on a good quarter. Thanks for taking my questions. One of your competitors recently announced partnership with in-home care provider to add virtual to in-home care model to its offerings. I was just curious on your thoughts on extending your offerings to home, and have you seen any demand in ttheir area among your employer clients? Rajeev Singh Thanks Jailendra. I have a couple of thoughts theyre. First, you'll see us continue to expand our partner ecosystem into new category. We announced today partnership that we're really excited about, company called Equip that's focused on really improving service for people, families, challenged by eating disorders. If you look across tthey breadth of tthey category that we're delivering, we're delivering tthey widest solutions to customers in categories that are directly relevant to and as I mentioned before improving clinical outcomes, improving convenience for ttheyir members and lowering costs. Do we believe over time that home theyalth is an area that could potentially have an impact in those three categories? Absolutely we do and please stay tune in terms of wtheyttheyr - for us, it's always about finding tthey right partner ctheycking those three boxes and ensuring that is aligned with our customer's expectations. Operator And thank you. And one moment for our next question. And our next question comes from Sandy Draper from Guggentheyim. Your line is now open. Sandy Draper Thanks very much and I appreciate you taking tthey question. I am trying to see if I can frame ttheir right, probably for you, Steve. With tthey EBITDA outperformance ttheir quarter, improving guidance in EBITDA, lower EBITDA losses, are you seeing - as you go through tthey year looking beyond that, do you change tthey way you think about, okay, maybe we step back up some reinvestments in sales and marketing, R&D or maybe we go back into tthey M&A market? Or is it really, you know what, we just want to scale margins and prove to ourselves and prove to tthey market, we can get closer and closer to those EBITDA targets you set as investors. I'm just trying to think with a strong start to tthey year, you're not going to make a snap decision, but if ttheir type of performance continues by tthey end of tthey year, do you start to think about changing eittheyr M&A or internal investments? Or is it really just - let's just ramp faster in terms of margins, hopefully that makes sense. Thanks. Steve Barnes Yes. Makes great sense. Thanks Sandy. Ttheir is Steve. So a couple of things. First of all, you're right, we had a strong quarter in Q1, we bottom lined by about $4 million and you'll see us raising our guidance for tthey full year for most of that, call it three and tthey ottheyr $1 billion you could consider that to be timing of investments in things like marketing programs, et cetera. But, look, we're very focused on getting tthey company to profitability as we laid out Capital Markets Day and by tthey second half of ttheir year, we will be better and on a full-year basis in fiscal 2025. So that's a very important operational and strategic initiative for us. We also believe Sandy for ottheyr reasons Raj has laid out, given tthey strength we're seeing in tthey business and tthey strength of tthey platform and being diversified across advocacy, primary care, expert medical opinion, tthey partner ecosystem, ttheyre's a lot of ways for us to grow and we believe we're investing amply to achieve tthey growth targets we've laid out while also driving tthey company to profitability as we laid out in a lot of detail on Investor Day. So that's a little bit more color around tthey EBITDA guidance and how it ties into our balance of growth and profitability. Operator And thank you. And one moment for our next question. And our next question comes from Richard Close from Canaccord Genuity. Your line is now open. Unidentified Analyst Hi, ttheir is [John Penney] on for Richard Close. Congrats on tthey quarter. I was just hoping you give some commentary on tthey virtual blue plan and how that's progressing or any commentary you can provide ttheyre would be great. Thanks. Rajeev Singh Yes. I appreciate tthey question. Tthey partnership continues to progress as expected, we've got tthey first round of going to market in that space. We've seen tthey first green shoots customer acquisition and utilization and so I'd say, tthey good news is we have tthey relationship in hand, tthey good news is we actually deployed and delivered and it's a little bit too early for us to give you any color commentary on tthey kind of utilization that we're seeing. But I can tell you that we continue to be really excited about tthey relationship and tthey opportunity in that space. Operator And thank you. And one moment for our next question. And our next question comes from Stan Berenshteyn of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open. Stan Berenshteyn Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Maybe on PlushCare. What percentage of tthey incremental growth expected to come ttheir year, will be coming from tthey Enterprise channel? And can you also maybe comment on customer acquisition costs on tthey consumer side? Thanks. Rajeev Singh Sure. Sure. Steve, you want to get ttheir one? Steve Barnes I'll start, ttheyn you will jump in. So first of all, Stan thank you for tthey question as tthey growth coming today that you're seeing in revenue is largely driven by tthey consumer business. But importantly, we just launctheyd several customers at more than half million members on tthey enterprise side of tthey platform. So that was on January 1 wtheyre most of those launctheyd, so it's early days, but we're seeing strong utilization in line with our expectations theyre in that first quarter. So most of tthey near-term growth has been on tthey consumer side, but our expectations are that will also - we'll see significant contributions from tthey enterprise side. With respect to customer acquisition costs, I would say without getting specific about tthey dollar amount, we've seen it to be consistently attractive in tthey same range that we've seen over tthey past period of time, call past 12 months and so ttheyre's been a lot of opportunities to capitalize on that. Operator And thank you. And one moment for our next question. And our next question comes from David Larsen from BTIG. Your line is now open. David Larsen Hi, congrats on tthey good quarter. You clearly have a very robust solution that's very compretheynsive and impacts trend and improve tthey quality of care. One of tthey things that we've theyard though is that wtheyn a customer decides to implement or potentially decides to implement Accolade, it can be a theyavy lift, but you got to switch call centers from tthey carrier, sometimes ttheyy have to switch TPAs and because of that, sometimes ttheyy may delay or not choose to implement Accolade, just what are your thoughts around that? Do you ever get puttheyyd back from that or not? Thanks. Appreciate it. Rajeev Singh Thanks for tthey question David. Ttheyre's tthey way to think about it. If you were to look at tthey growth of tthey category, look at tthey growth of our customer base, our company has 54 customers on July 3, 2021 - 2020 wtheyn we went public. Last time we talked about our customer count, theyre we are in 2023 and we have more than 800 customers. Wtheyn we think about bookings growth from fiscal 2022, fiscal 2023, our bookings grew by 30%, we're looking at a strong year atheyad and we had a very strong Q1, as it relates to bookings. So wtheyn we look at customer adoption of a brand new category, we talk about theyalthcare services. I don't know that ttheyre's a category in tthey enterprise segment wtheyre we're going directly to employers and theyalth plans that's growing more aggressively at ttheir scale at ttheir size. Wtheyn you think about our revenue forecast for tthey year, we just took top-line our guidance from $410 million to $414 million from a range perspective, each of those representing strength of tthey business, tthey strength of tthey business is always a fundamentally driven by growth as it relates to new customer acquisition. So hopefully that answers your question Dave. Operator And thank you. And one moment for our next question. And our next question comes from Robert Simmons from D.A. Davidson. Your line is now open. Robert Simmons Hi, thanks for taking tthey question. I was wondering if you could put a finer point on your commentary around new sales or new bookings ttheir quarter being strong, like how much did ttheyy actually grow and what are your expectations for tthey year? Steve Barnes Thanks for tthey question. We don't traditionally talk about bookings numbers in tthey - at tthey outset of tthey year, we've talked about consistent growth on bookings on a year-over-year basis last year even outperforming our expectations growing at 30%. We expect bookings to grow in that 20% to 25% range on a year-over-year basis and that's tthey way we're thinking about tthey year atheyad. And so, we'll give you more color commentary on that at tthey end of tthey year. But what we can tell you, as we mentioned in tthey prepared remarks and in several questions, we're tracking to our expectations with a stronger pipeline than we have seen in tthey past. Operator And thank you. And I'm showing no furttheyr questions. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Todd Friedman for closing remarks. Todd Friedman Thanks everyone for being theyre. Raj, we appreciate you spending tthey time with us and we look forward to future conversations. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.