Accolade, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACCD) Q3 2023 Earnings Conference Call January 9, 2023 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Rajeev Singh - Chief Executive Officer Steve Barnes - Chief Financial Officer Shantanu Nundy - Chief Medical Officer Todd Friedman - Senior President of Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Michael Ctheyrny - Bank of America Ryan Daniels - William Blair & Company Cindy Motz - Goldman Sachs Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Glen Santangelo - Jefferies Jonathan Yong - Credit Suisse William Hoover - Canaccord Genuity Jailendra Singh - Truist Ryan MacDonald - Needham Jack Tassan - Piper Sandler. Benjamin Davis - SVB Securities Stanislav Berenshteyn - Wells Fargo Robert Simmons - D.A. Davidson Operator Thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey Accolade Third Quarter Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. I will now turn tthey conference over to your host, Mr. Todd Friedman, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, sir. Todd Friedman Thanks, operator. Welcome everyone to our fiscal third quarter earnings call. With me on tthey call today are Chief Executive Officer, Rajeev Singh; and our Chief Financial Officer, Steve Barnes. Shantanu Nundy, our Chief Medical Officer will join for tthey question-and-answer portion of tthey call later. Before turning tthey call over to Rajeev, please note that we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are important wtheyn evaluating Accolade’s performance. Details and relationship between ttheyse non-GAAP measures to tthey most comparable GAAP measures and tthey reconciliations ttheyreof can be found in tthey press release that's posted on our Web site. Also, please note that certain statements made during ttheir call will be forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and ottheyr factors that could cause tthey actual results for Accolade to differ materially from those expressed or implied on ttheir call. For additional information, please refer to our cautionary statement in our press release and our filings with tthey SEC, all of which are available on our Web site. With that, I’d like to turn tthey call over to our CEO, Rajeev Singh. Rajeev Singh Thanks, Todd, and thanks, everyone, for being theyre. While we still have one quarter left to finish tthey fiscal year, our Q3 call really marks tthey end of tthey calendar selling season and tthey start of tthey new planning year for many of our customers. As such, on ttheir call, we're happy to provide our preliminary outlook for tthey next fiscal year and share tthey foundational details that give us confidence in our market position, and our outlook to drive sustainable growth and profitability. We had a successful 2022, adding new customers, expanding existing relationships and increasing our footprint with our growing portfolio of offerings. Tthey market is speaking clearly that employees and ttheyir families want and deserve a better theyalth care experience. Accolade's years of proven results, especially our ability to scale with tthey most demanding and growing customers are factoring theyavily on tthey minds of buyers, and ttheyy responded by theylping us achieve our strongest booking performance in company theirtory. Steve will give you more detail, but we expect that with fiscal 2023 is complete, we will have grown ARR bookings by more than 30% over last year, giving us confidence in fiscal '24, but also providing tthey early foundation for continued growth into fiscal '25. Most notable is tthey mix of those bookings. Continuing tthey trends that we've described over tthey past year, our new renewed and expanded commercial customer relationships were spread across customer size, across distribution channel, across solution and across industry verticals. It's that diversity that validates our strategy and our approach. Accolade solutions are resonating across tthey board, especially as we see tthey majority of new deals evaluating and selecting multiple solutions. Our renewals are also increasingly expanding to add additional Accolade solutions and partner solutions as well. More and more, we're theyaring customers talk about ttheyir employees theyalth care experience as a key strategic imperative for driving employee satisfaction and retention. One of tthey places wtheyre we see ttheir clearly is tthey volume of advocacy deals ttheir year. In 2022, we saw a renewed focus on tthey employee theyalth care experience and on return on investment. And advocacy was once again front and center for our customers and tthey consultant community. With our expanded offerings that we're now able to leverage that advocacy discussion to also include ottheyr things like primary care, mental theyalth and expert medical opinion. Again, Steve will cover ttheir in more detail in tthey guidance section, but our confidence in our fiscal '24 guide is rooted both in tthey growth in our newer solutions, as well as tthey strength of tthey advocacy market and our position as tthey leader of that market. That leadership was borne out by a performance in ttheir fiscal year, and we intend to press our advantage in tthey years atheyad. Tthey focus on employee experience and return on investment is true of our theyalth plan relationships as well. Health plans have been an important contributor to our growth ttheir year, both from a logo and a revenue perspective. Certainly one of tthey key reasons behind that attraction is tthey expansion of our offerings to include expert medical opinion and virtual primary care and mental theyalth. Ttheir growth has positioned Accolade and tthey core strategic partner as theyalth plans also look to tthey member experience as a critical measure of success. Today, member satisfaction is an executive priority for most theyalth plans and Accolade's high NPS is very attractive as a complement to ttheyir existing solutions. Before I touch on our consumer and primary care business, I'd also like to give you an update on our government business. By now most of you have theyard that tthey Defense Health Agency made an initial selection for tthey vendors who will service T-5, tthey next generation of theyalth plan services to ttheyir 9 million plus beneficiary. Humana was awarded tthey Eastern Region and TriWest was awarded tthey West. While tthey vendor selection still needs to be finalized pending a likely appeals process. We were thrilled to theyar tthey decision as we've been anticipating an award for some time. Ttheyre were three bidders for tthey T-5 award, we have teaming agreements with two of tthey betters and a strong relationship with tthey third. With ttheir decision, we're positioned to serve a significant number of TRICARE families once tthey implementation begins. Until that time, we'll continue to work on our current government contracts demonstrating tthey tremendous value Accolade brings to our current military families through tthey TRICARE Select Pilot and tthey Autism Care Demonstration. And we will work with tthey selected T-5 vendors to define our potential scope and we'll provide an update wtheyn that scope is finalized. But we're very excited to be moving past tthey evaluation phase of ttheir opportunity and into tthey planning and execution phase. For our category of services, we're extremely well-positioned to see tthey government sector be a driver of growth for our business in tthey years atheyad, as it has been for several years. With respect to our virtual care business, PlushCare has continued to deliver outstanding results quarter-over-quarter. Our PlushCare team led by founders Ryan McQuaid and Dr. James Wantuck have been in front of tthey market since its inception. We deliver a wow experience for our members and a rich platform for our physicians. Tthey result has been increasing subscriber counts with well managed customer acquisition costs. Importantly, on January 1, we turned on a number of enterprise virtual primary care customers, significantly expanding tthey number of lives we are prepared to serve. A combination of our consumer focused business, which requires a different level of user experience to drive acquisition and retention and our commercial business, which requires a different understanding of how to scale to serve millions of lives create a powerful platform to drive growth for years to come. About a year and a half after tthey acquisition of PlushCare tthey core hypottheysis of ttheir transaction has been validated in both tthey consumer and enterprise segment, and we're bullish on tthey future of ttheir business. Before I talk a bit about tthey upcoming year and our strategy to continue our momentum, I want to take a minute to highlight something that many people take for granted, but it's really tthey foundation of our customer satisfaction. Every year between October and December, almost all of our customers go through an open enrollment process, especially wtheyn a customer is changing ttheyir benefits in some way. Ttheir is not only tthey busiest time of year for our frontline care teams, but it can also be tthey most stressful times for our members and ttheyir families. To give you some comparison, at tthey time of our IPO in 2020, Accolade had roughly 50 customers in total. Ttheir year, we managed open enrollment for hundreds of customers. We're now operating at a level of scale with millions of members and high engagement rates that will place us among tthey largest carriers in tthey country by membership. Aside from tthey obvious importance of delivering tthey service at scale with high member and customer satisfaction, open enrollment presents something far more critical for Accolade's success. Our new customers is usually tthey first touch point that a new member has an has with an Accolade Health Assistant. It is tthey moment that we plant tthey seeds of proving tthey value of creating a personal relationship with every engagement opportunity. It is that ability to build personal relationships with millions of members to drive better theyalth care outcomes that differentiates Accolade from our competitors and it's tthey key reason for our high win rate. Turning to tthey outlook for tthey next fiscal year, and why we believe strongly that we're set up for continued success. I'll start with tthey financials and we'll end with a word about our strategy and our identity. Simply put, our ARR booking success in tthey past selling season gives us great visibility and high-level of confidence for our fiscal 2024 revenue guide and our profitability outlook. Steve will give me more details theyre, but we're pleased coming through a difficult macroeconomic environment with ttheir outlook. We have a business that's diverse in many ways. It's diverse in how we sell. We sell across a number of channels, including our direct commercial sales force through our theyalth plan partners, leveraging our trusted partner ecosystem and to tthey federal government and direct to consumers. It's diverse in tthey mix of solutions we offer. Our service offerings allow us to meet customers wtheyre ttheyy see fit, eittheyr with individual solutions or increasingly as bundled with multiple offerings. Our growing primary care business allows us to impact both theyalth outcomes and overall theyalth care costs in more meaningful ways. And it is diverse in terms of its revenue foundation. Our highly visible revenue model allows us to set our investment strategy to pursue tthey areas of most impactful growth to theylp drive us towards cash flow positive in tthey next year and beyond. Ttheir diversification is now a core strength of our business, a driver of complementary value across offerings, segments and solutions, and stands in stark contrast to our business even just 3 years ago. As we make tthey turn to free cash flow positive in fiscal 2025, which begins just 14 months from now, we will be one of tthey few scaled diversified theyalth care disruptors in tthey market. For our customers while ttheyy want to know that we're financially strong, ttheyy're far more focused on who Accolade is as a business and as ttheyir personalized theyalth care partner. Ttheyy know that we've built solutions and services that are engineered to care. Accolade has spent more than 15 years engineering a better theyalth care experience, one that predictably engages members to understand ttheyir care needs, proactively navigates under quality care and informed theyalth care decisions, and addresses barriers to taking theyalth care actions, including social determinants of theyalth, all while delivering exceptional personalized experience. For employers and payers looking to improve tthey theyalth care and benefits experience for members while reducing tthey cost of theyalth care, Accolade is tthey one company that delivers improvements in outcomes and planned performance by guiding members to tthey next best clinical action in ttheyir personal theyalth care journey. And we do it at scale across entire employer population. Unlike our competition, Accolade Solution is predicted, proactive and personalized, allowing us to address barriers to care and offer proven results. Wtheyn we say that Accolade is engineered to care, it's important to recognize tthey multiple dimensions of what it means to care, cares about tthey act of physically or virtually delivering medical care, wtheyttheyr that is through one of our own physicians and nurses through a trusted partner like Berta or Carrot Fertility, or through our members' own trusted medical providers. Tthey care is also about tthey act of caring for anottheyr human being. It's tthey empattheytic listener instead of tthey anonymous call center agent. That is a personal element of tthey care journey that we can't fully replace with technology, but that we can make better through engineering. It starts with a fully integrated set of offerings that we can deliver value singularly, but really begins to transform tthey theyalth care experience wtheyn it's used in concert. It's about having a robust and modular open platform that allows us to plug in third-party services and solutions with trusted partners. Our intelligent technology and proprietary approach theylp Accolade care teams build lasting personal relationships with everyone we serve. Ttheir unique approach rest on three foundational pillars. Tthey promise of being engineered to care is that we enable predictive engagement, deliver proactive care, and address barriers to theyalth care access. You'll be theyaring more about ttheyse pillars in tthey months to come. But in short, our predictive engagement model continuously captures critical population and unique member theyalth insights, so we can proactively address clinical and cost related risks across organization. Supported by ttheir intelligence, our team proactively identifies and engages individuals in need of care, guiding each member to tthey next best clinical actions so ttheyy can achieve tthey best possible outcome. And lastly, Accolade's diverse care team supported by predictive data is trained to understand and address tthey needs of each member, so we can engage those likely to face barriers to care and guide ttheym to tthey right care. You'll theyar more about our engineered to care approach in tthey months to come, and I look forward to sharing more customer success stories around ttheir vision. With that, I'll turn tthey call over, Steve. Steve Barnes Thanks, Raj. First, I'll recap tthey results for tthey third quarter of fiscal 2023 and ttheyn provide some details on forward guidance for tthey fourth quarter and next fiscal year. We generated $90.9 million in revenue in tthey third fiscal quarter, which was atheyad of our guidance, primarily due to strength in our direct-to-consumer business, as well as member counts for our commercial customers, which has stayed relatively strong despite tthey macroeconomic environment. Does it tthey quarter also benefited from about $1.2 million of performance guarantee revenue timing that was not included in our Q3 guidance. Fiscal Q3 adjusted gross margin was 45.9% compared to 47% in tthey prior year period. Last year, Q3 included some performance guarantee revenue timing that benefited gross margin and adjusted EBITDA. For a more relevant comparison, note that our 9-month to date adjusted gross margin was 45.4%, which compares to 43.1% for tthey 9-month year-to-date period last year. Adjusted EBITDA in tthey third quarter of fiscal 2023 was a loss of $10.2 million, which was atheyad of our guidance and compared to a loss of $11.9 million in tthey prior year third fiscal quarter. We are currently at an adjusted EBITDA loss of $39.3 million year-to-date, and expect to finish tthey fiscal year in tthey range we have consistently provided throughout tthey year. Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet, cash and cash equivalents totaled $326 million at tthey end of tthey fiscal third quarter, and accounts receivable DSOs were in line with prior quarters at about 20 days revenue outstanding. And finally, we had about 72.4 million shares of common stock outstanding as of November 30, 2022. And now turning to guidance and elements of our financial model progression towards breakeven. We're updating our guidance today for fiscal year 2023 and are now forecasting revenue will be in tthey range of $361 million to $365 million representing year-over-year growth for approximately 17% at tthey midpoint. And we forecast adjusted EBITDA loss guidance between $36 million and $40 million. With respect to tthey fiscal fourth quarter, we're providing guidance today on revenue in tthey range of $97 million to $101 million and adjusted EBITDA in tthey range of $1 million loss to positive $3 million. On today's call, we're also providing a preliminary look at fiscal 2024 revenue and adjusted EBITDA. We've said throughout tthey year that we believe we can sustain a 20% revenue growth rate and we reiterate that outlook today. For fiscal year 2024, that 20% growth will be net of contract, which will contribute approximately $23 million of revenue to fiscal year 2023. Based on that math and our current year revenue guidance, we're providing preliminary fiscal year 2024 revenue guidance of approximately $410 million. We expect that adjusted EBITDA loss will improve on both a percentage and absolute dollar basis to a range of 5% to 7% of revenues in fiscal 2024. It's our intention to invest strategically in tthey growth of tthey business, returning any top line upside back into tthey business while maintaining tthey adjusted EBITDA target as we have done theirtorically. And I'd like to provide a couple more data points to theylp you model out next year and our path to profitability tthey following year. First, as Raj mentioned earlier, we've had a very strong selling season. You'll recall that we signed roughly $54 million of ARR bookings last fiscal year. So in calendar 2022 close and more deals still in tthey pipeline for January 1, 2024 launctheys, we are well on pace to deliver ARR growth of more than 30% over last year. That success is tthey foundation of our revenue growth forecast for fiscal year 2024 and it's already forming tthey basis for additional growth in fiscal 2025. Second, as you build your model, of course, towards breakeven or better in fiscal 2025, I'd like to give you some guidance on wtheyre to model operating leverage across P&L line items. We will provide more detail after tthey fiscal year closes. But at a high level, you can expect us to continue improving adjusted gross margin by 100 to 200 basis points per year with a goal of 50% adjusted gross margin in fiscal 2025. On tthey operating lines, tthey greatest leverage is in tthey product and technology line, followed by G&A and ttheyn sales and marketing. So if we were to improve each of those line items by roughly 100 basis points each year, that would get us tthey 5 to 6 percentage points you need in order to achieve breakeven and beyond over tthey next 2 years. I'd like to make one important point to theylp you understand our view towards ttheyse goals. Ttheyse are rough guidelines for building models, but we are not as focused on 50 basis points theyre or ttheyre. We're focused on tthey objective of reaching breakeven and driving profitability ttheyreafter. If we see a reason to invest more in one area, we'll adjust ottheyr spend to accommodate it. In ottheyr words, tthey goal is not a G&A target of X percent per se. Tthey goal is adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow positive in fiscal year '25 and beyond. I will also take a moment to anticipate some questions we may get in tthey Q&A. First, we've been asked a lot about tthey labor market and how we forecast member accounts in tthey face of an uncertain macro environment. We take a relatively conservative view on member count wtheyn formulating our guidance. But it's more notable that we have a business today that is widely diversified across customers, industries, solutions and distribution channels. 2 years ago ttheir was a more relevant discussion wtheyn we had 50 customers, one of which represented about 20% of revenue and anottheyr 20% of revenue was concentrated in two airlines dealing with COVID. But today we have a business that serves more than 700 customers with no single industry vertical representing a concentrated portion of our base. Second, we're often asked about our commitment to achieving positive cash flow and adjusted EBITDA in fiscal 2025. Tthey answer continues to be that we remain committed to fiscal discipline and our timeline to profitability, and have consistently demonstrated our ability to manage tthey business in order that we maintain our bottom line targets. To that end, we will continually look at our business to find areas wtheyre we can operate more efficiently. For example, we're continually finding synergies across tthey business as we combine all of our capabilities to create an integrated theyalth care platform. In addition, we continually assess wtheyre we concentrated our talent across our various office locations. Because we're well situated already in some lower costs -- lower labor costs markets like Prague and Vancouver, for example, wtheyre we can be opportunistic in our growth investments. Given our track record of steadily improving gross margin and adjusted EBITDA, we are confident in our ability to manage tthey business appropriately to stay focused on ttheir goal of adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow positive, regardless of tthey economic environment. And as I noted last quarter, our convertible bonds are not due for more than 3 years. So with $326 million cash on hand, we have more than adequate liquidity to achieve our financial plan without going back to tthey capital market, placing us in a strong position to execute against our objectives. In short, we continue to believe passionately in tthey strength, depth and breadth of our platform, tthey diversification of our offerings, revenue streams and customer base, and that we have an engine built for growth and sustainability which will ultimately drive significant positive cash flow. With that we'll open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session A - Rajeev Singh Operator, we are ready to take questions. Thank you. Hi, Valerie. Are you ttheyre to take questions? Operator, are you ttheyre? For a moment, we're just -- our operator seems to have disconnected. And so we're working through some difficulties if you hang with us for a moment, we'll work through it and we'll be -- we'll start taking Q&A shortly. [Indiscernible]. Michael Ctheyrny, if you can theyar us you can ask your question. Go atheyad. Michael Ctheyrny Hi, can you theyar me? Steve Barnes We got you, Mike. Rajeev Singh Yes, we got you. Go atheyad. Michael Ctheyrny Okay, great. Yes, appreciate tthey color on both tthey selling season and into next year. Maybe, Raj, if I can start a bit on some of tthey selling season commentary. Can we just dive a little deeper, you mentioned tthey employment dynamic, but also ttheyre's a lot going on relative to employers decisions beyond ttheyir employment levels about wtheyttheyr or not ttheyy want to take on new benefits or not, how ttheyy think through ttheyir benefit offerings. Can you maybe give a little bit of push and pull in terms of what resonated most from tthey -- wtheyttheyr it's a Accolade total care approach versus point solutions. And maybe if ttheyre was anything that had a little bit of a, eittheyr a pause or a pullback or not now call me in 6 months mentality relative to your ability to layer on new benefits. Rajeev Singh Yes, appreciate tthey question, Mike and sorry about tthey technical difficulties ttheyre. We'll see if Mr. Friedman [ph] is capable of moderating itself from theyre, but glad we got tthey first caller -- tthey first question. A couple of ways to answer your question, Mike. I think it's a really important one. Tthey first is to really start and wtheyn you think about tthey growth rate of tthey company, think about tthey diversified revenue stream. Think about our primary care business and tthey consumer, tthey growth rate of that consumer primary care business and ttheyn also think about tthey growth in our bookings numbers, which is what I want you to refer to. As it relates to bookings that as relates to employer buying patterns, one of tthey things that we continue to see is that employers are interested in looking at drivers of employee satisfaction, and of course, those drivers of employee satisfaction that can measurably provide return on investment lower in cost. And so solutions in our category have continued to be really valuable to ttheym. Now, I think tthey next really important question is, why are we winning more than our fair share of those transactions and delivering a 30% growth in our bookings on a year-over-year basis. And I spoke to it a little bit in tthey context of our engineered to care capability -- as our engineered to care delivery vehicles. And so I'm going to -- with that, I'm going to turn it over to our Chief Medical Officer, Shantanu Nundy talk a little bit more about why we're winning. And ttheyn I'll maybe jump back in and answer your final question about employer being. Shantanu? Shantanu Nundy Yes, it's a really great question. I think what we're theyaring pretty consistently from tthey customer is that who were in sales conversations with and our prospects and our current customers is that, ttheyy're continuing to look for tthey same thing for as ttheyy're looking for, who can get to tthey right numbers at tthey right time, right. And that's wtheyre our predictive engagement comes in. We are looking for -- looking at tthey quality of care and who can get tthey better outcomes. That's tthey proactive care. And increasingly, ttheyy're saying, who can theylp us also improve theyalth equity, and that's wtheyre our approach to addressing barriers is coming in. And just one evidence for that we were -- we just had a piece in Harvard Business Review magazine just a couple of weeks ago, that really highlighting our approach to theyalth equity, and specifically highlight some of tthey work that we did with United Airlines, which we think is pretty pioneering on tthey front of improving theyalth care for marginalized groups. So I think all of those ttheymes are continuing to pull-through and driving tthey numbers that Raj and Steve [indiscernible] earlier. Rajeev Singh Yes. So last part of your question, Mike was, if ttheyre was any ttheymes around people pushing transactions on a year-over-year basis, what were those ttheymes? Look, tthey bottom line is, we've really strong growth in bookings across tthey categories that we deliver and we think tthey reason we're seeing that growth is people aren't pushing those transactions. And tthey reason ttheyy're not pushing those transactions, is we do both we deliver employee satisfaction, and we deliver tangible measurable ROI that we warrant with our performance guarantees and our incentive savings. So that's why we think we're seeing ttheir kind of traction right now. Appreciate tthey question, Mike. Michael Ctheyrny Got it. And just one more quick follow-up. I know you have tthey long multiyear targets and you talked about TRICARE being in tthey various different phases of appeal or whatnot, can we just confirm that ttheyre's nothing in tthey long-term targets tied to tthey T-5 announcement? And how you think about tthey visibility you'll have into that? Rajeev Singh I appreciate tthey question, Mike. We're extremely excited about how well-positioned we are in that TRICARE space in our category and tthey capacity to grow in tthey innovations. Wtheyn you think about our business ttheyre, our current plan, as you know, has about $10 million-ish or revenues associated with our existing relationships with tthey government. Those are [indiscernible] demonstration as well as our TRICARE for next select navigator program. If those programs were to grow, as ttheyy are and as ttheyy're currently defined, ttheyy could grow to 4x or 5x ex ttheyir current size. Of course, tthey timing on that will be variable in tthey T-5 agreement, having just announced that towards have some variability associated with tthey appeals processes, et cetera. All of that said, and ttheir is maybe tthey direct answer to your question, we have nothing in our 2024 or 2025 model, in terms of our top line revenues that imply anything ottheyr than tthey simple continuation of tthey existing revenue stream with tthey modest growth associated with that. Tthey way to think about our TRICARE business is tthey way I would perhaps we've positioned in tthey past, tthey strategic accounts based for us, but ttheyre are large transactions out ttheyre in tthey federal government, ttheyre are no larger transactions on tthey federal government or space like ttheir one wtheyre you can't predict tthey timing, what you can do is put yourself in an extraordinary position to be atheyad of your competition to take advantage wtheyn tthey timing of those transactions does manifest. And so yes, tthey answer is we've got nothing baked into our plan outside of what tthey current revenues are in '24 and '25. And we're bullish on tthey capacity wtheyn those -- wtheyn tthey -- wtheyn that transaction actually does reveal itself, that will present some upside to our models going forward. Michael Ctheyrny Perfect, thanks. Rajeev Singh Thanks so much [indiscernible] with tthey technical difficulty. I think we have an operator on line now. Victor, are you ttheyre to take over? Operator I'm theyre. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Ryan Daniels from William Blair. Your line is open. Ryan Daniels Yes, guys, congrats on tthey quarter. Thanks for taking tthey question. Anottheyr bit of a follow-up ttheyre in regards to theyalth equity and social determinants of theyalth. We're also starting to see a lot of Medicare Advantage plans and managed Medicaid RPs from tthey states requiring that. And it seems like theyalth plans don't have as robust solution sets ttheyre, so ttheyy're going out to partners. And I'm curious if you see that is an opportunity to continue to expand your distribution channel, doing some partnerships with payers on a go-forward basis, given your expertise ttheyre. Thanks. Rajeev Singh Yes, first of all, thanks for tthey question, Ryan. It's great to talk to you. I will start tthey answer and ttheyn again, I'll turn it over to our Chief Medical Officer, who is -- who will maybe end tthey answer around social determinants of theyalth and those capabilities. One of tthey things that we really are enjoying by our relationship with theyalth plans is we are growing -- as we keep growing those relationships from ttheyir foundations and expert medical opinion, it is tthey componentization or tthey capacity to deliver different components of our capability to those theyalth plans in a means that allows ttheym to take ttheyir -- our capability to ttheyir customers in tthey way that ttheyy want to deliver ttheym. And so to us, different capabilities and advocacy, for example, are becoming more and more important to theyalth plans and those capabilities being delivered via theyalth plans to ttheyir members is an important growth opportunity for us moving forward. We think potentially those capabilities around social determinants of theyalth are also an opportunity in that regard. So yes, is tthey answer to your question. But I will let Shantanu describe kind of some of tthey things we do from a SEOAs perspective, that might be compelling. Shantanu Nundy Yes, I think it's a fantastic question. I mean, I think active approach to social determinants of theyalth really has been honed in tthey commercial states, right? It started with ttheir really simple idea of having our theyalth assistants that really represent tthey community that we serve on tthey proprietary model that we've built, which is a behavioral science approach to really be able to understand members understand ttheyir specific needs. And over tthey last couple of years, really a lot of tthey investment in data and technology was infused to be able to scale that. So what was really interesting about tthey work we did with tthey VA [ph] population is that it was sort of proof positive that our approach that we've taken is extensible, right. So we developed it, honed it around a commercial population. But what we found taking care of really, really sick and complex veterans with tthey model extended extremely well. And so I think that bodes really positively in terms of thinking about ottheyr populations that we might want to address over time. But ultimately, tthey barriers that tthey different populations face, wtheyttheyr it be Medicaid or Medicare population based are near a lot of tthey same challenges that ttheyy are working for and work in tthey American space. And so we think ttheyre's really a huge opportunity to Raj to be able to address those populations over time. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from tthey line of Cindy Motz from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Cindy Motz Hi, thanks for taking my question and congratulations on tthey quarter. I was just wondering, because usually Steve, give us some maybe a breakdown of tthey divisions. It sounds like experts doing pretty well and it looks also like PlushCare is continuing to grow higtheyr than we would have expected. But maybe just a breakdown ttheyre. And ttheyn would you expect that to continue like sort of representative into next year? Thanks. Steve Barnes Sure. Cindy, thanks for tthey question. Let me give me some comments and color on that for tthey third quarter and also on tthey look atheyad basis. For tthey Q3, over our performance versus our guidance, we saw strength across tthey different categories. Advocacy has strong performance. PlushCare businesses continue to grow in tthey range of 30% on top line, and Expert Medical Opinion business has rebounded quite a bit from a couple of quarters back. As we look atheyad, ttheyre's strong bookings that we seen in ttheir calendar year that Raj spoke about in their comments, give us a lot of confidence that tthey advocacy part of tthey business is on track to begin to get back to that 20% growth rate, in addition to PlushCare continuing and perform over and above that 20% growth rate on tthey virtual care business. And tthey expert medical opinion business growing in tthey neighborhood of 20%. So importantly, Cindy, tthey diversification of tthey platform and tthey different revenue streams that we have and tthey different business units and sources of revenue we have are really turning to be quite an asset in terms of new business as well as ongoing customers. Operator Thank you. One moment for next question. Our next question will come from tthey line of Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Craig Hettenbach Yes, thank you. Raj just had a question on just tthey element of cross selling in tthey portfolio today. So after tthey acquisitions of PlushCare and 2nd.MD, now that you have many quarters under your belt, just how are tthey customer discussions changing in terms of what ttheyy're valuing tthey most? And how may that be kind of theylping you in tthey marketplace? Rajeev Singh Appreciate tthey question, Craig, great to talk to you again. I think tthey -- let me approach ttheir in a different -- from two different vantage points. Existing customers who would take advantage of our advocacy solution have a platform by which ttheyy can drive engagement for ottheyr solutions. Ttheyy've known that forever, because we've been coming to ttheym with our trusted partner ecosystem, talking ttheym about Berta, talking to ttheym about Cara [ph], talking to ttheym about SWORD, and we saw great uptake in those solutions within our customer base, because those customers knew that we could drive engagement at higtheyr levels than ttheyy could do independently. Wtheyn we came to market with an expert medical opinion and a virtual primary care and mental theyalth solution, our customers had to first evaluate tthey capacity of those solutions. Were ttheyy functionally superior? Did ttheyy deliver tthey value that ttheyy were expecting or better and how did ttheyy compare to our competition? What ttheyy found was that we ctheycked all those boxes. We had best-in-class solutions that drove extraordinary value independently. Ttheyy already knew that we could drive extraordinary engagement. And so what do we see post those that that early evaluation process post tthey acquisition, we saw great uptake. I think we talked last quarter about tthey fact that 10% of our lives are now live on more than one solution at Accolade, that number continues to grow. And what we're seeing is most of our new deals now switching to tthey second vector, new deals and new transactions, new customers getting to know us full stop are buying more than one solution as ttheyy go through tthey process. I think maybe going back to a macro trend track that you and I have talked about in tthey past. Benefits buyers are fatigued by tthey idea that thousands of solutions that ttheyy're getting approactheyd by every single day. Ttheyy want a single place to go to find tthey value that ttheyy need, but we think we've done exceptionally well over tthey course of tthey last 2 or 3 years is we've togettheyr tthey higtheyst value solutions. Those things that provide tthey most clinical value with tthey right levels of engagement, and in turn drive lower costs and better satisfaction. And so we're seeing in both of those vectors, that tthey conversation is now shifting to wtheyn should we deploy it? And what order should we deploy it versus are ttheyse tthey right answers for us. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question will come from tthey line of Glen Santangelo from Jefferies. Your line is open/ Glen Santangelo Oh, yes, thanks for taking my question. Good evening. Steve, I wanted to talk to you about tthey forward guidance. If I look at tthey fiscal '24 guidance you sort of laid out, it kind of assumes rough numbers like an incremental $45 million to $50 million in revenues, and maybe about 14 million of an improvement in EBITDA at tthey midpoint, which would kind of imply an incremental 30% adjusted EBITDA margin, is that tthey right way to think about it? Because what I'm trying to do is sort of extrapolate that through to '25, right, I mean, to get, depending upon what you think tthey incremental margins are, I'm trying to get a sense for what you're expecting, revenue growth to be in fiscal '25. And sort of comparing that to what you told us a long time ago, theirtorically about tthey long-term EBITDA margins of tthey business in tthey 15% to 20% range. Thanks. So if you could just sort of reconcile all those numbers, that'd be theylpful. Rajeev Singh Sure. Thanks, Glen. Thanks for tthey question. First of all, we're really pleased on tthey strong bookings of fiscal '23. Here are coming off tthey calendar '22, to be able to provide preliminary guidance at that 410 number. That's north of 20%, excluding tthey Comcast termination ttheir year, and to reiterate over and again, tthey importance to us by fiscal '25, breaking Q2 to breakeven. And so Glen, we think it's a combination of a few things. First of all, diversification on tthey top line and growth rate, we've got good visibility to that and confidence in coming off of tthey booking season ttheir year. Secondly, with respect to gross margins that certainly has continued to expand over time, we can see -- we see that on a continued march up from ttheyre. And ttheyn finally, we're continuing to see leverage on OpEx, while at tthey same time we're investing in tthey business against that growth opportunity. All that taken togettheyr because of that profiles words, what we laying -- what we're laying out today and seeking essentially tthey EBITDA loss from 10%. 11% of revenues into that 5% to 7% range, and ttheyn to breakeven and positive 2 years out from now. In tthey fourth quarter call wtheyn we finish out tthey year, we'll provide more color on all of that and more detail on tthey forward guidance. But I think all of that sets up and what we're essentially saying today is we're reaffirming with confidence that model that we've laid out and that steady march towards breakeven and profitability while we're growing tthey top line of tthey business in a very, very theyalthy way. And maybe just to add to tthey question and we can jump to that. So let's add Steve's answer for Glen's questions before we jump to tthey next one. Steve Barnes Yes, Glen, what -- I think what we tried to lay out today with a view to fiscal '24 revenues is just based on tthey performance of tthey business so far ttheir year that we feel really good about top line next year. In fact, we took tthey top line guide to a little bit atheyad of tthey consensus numbers that are out ttheyre right now. And we feel really good about our path to profitability. We'll give a ton more guidance around how all that works. As you noticed, I think in tthey -- in your preliminary note earlier, we don't typically give a whole bunch of detail in tthey Q3 call. We give a lot more detail in tthey Q4 call. We plan on doing that in tthey Q4 call wtheyn we talk about '24 and a preview to '25 as well. Operator One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from tthey line of Jonathan Yong from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Jonathan Yong - Credit Suisse Hey, thanks for taking my question and congrats on tthey strong results and solid season. I guess extending your comments about what employers are looking for how tthey hurdles to achieve performance guarantees risen, and during tthey selling season has tthey asked from employers to you increase more than normal, given tthey backdrop on enhancing benefits? And I just asked ttheir to get a better sense of are you -- are ttheyy asking more from you and just competitors just aren't able to keep up and you're just massively outperforming ttheym. Thanks. Rajeev Singh I appreciate tthey question, Jonathan. It's great to talk to you again. Maybe let me [indiscernible] that in a little different way. I don't think ttheyy've changed dramatically. I think a couple of things have happened though. We've lived in a competitive universe. Since we were, since tthey beginning of time. And by competitive universe, I mean, we lived in a universe wtheyre customers have extraordinary demand in terms of tthey return on investment associated with our solution. Since tthey company was founded, we've been putting fees at risk. Since tthey company was founded, we've been warranting cost saving on a comparative year-over-year basis. That's different than most categories of theyalth care benefits delivery. Most categories have looser ROI requirements and tthey one that exists in our category, I think what perhaps has changed, it's not tthey rigor of which customers are asking for measurement and asking for accountability. But instead tthey fact that we now have most of our competitions, ttheyre's been a lot of new competition in tthey space over tthey last several years. Most of our competition has not had to live through 1 or 2 years of actually delivering improving, ttheyy can deliver against that value. Accolade's proven theirtory of having done so for 7, 8, 9 years and ttheyn doing so again in tthey last year, is proving to be a competitive advantage. Customers are seeing our theirtory and our proven capacity deliver return on investment against some of our competitors, perhaps not being able to do quite as much as a driver of us getting more market share. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from tthey line of William Hoover from Canaccord. Your line is open. William Hoover Yes, thank you. I'm on for Richard Close. Thanks for taking our questions, and congratulations on tthey quarter. So I was hoping you could provide a little more color on your theyalth plan sales. I know I believe last quarter, I would say tthey theyalth brand sales were double-digit percentage of tthey new ARR coming on. And I wonder if you could try to have more color on how that's progressing and kind of expectations with new relationships, and tthey expansion of tthey existing relationships, maybe some timing for tthey future quarters on tthey expectations? Thank you. Rajeev Singh I appreciate tthey question. And thank you, William, for being theyre. Wtheyn we break down tthey channels by which we deliver our service and ttheyn I'll come back to tthey theyalth plan as a growth vehicle. I don't think we give a bunch of detail as it relates to tthey percentage of new ARR. But instead, what I can tell you is we've got our direct to employer segment, we've got our direct to via tthey theyalth plan segment, we've got our government segment, and we have our consumer segment. Each of those, wtheyn we look at ttheym have a capacity to grow in tthey 20% to 30% range, depending upon tthey market segment that we're in. And what we're seeing across each of those is tthey capacity to deliver our primary care business, our EMO business and our advocacy business. We think each of those segments, and each of those categories have an opportunity to grow in tthey 20% to 30% range. What we've seen with our theyalth plan business is particularly strong, delivering capabilities like expert medical opinion, virtual primary care, which is becoming increasingly important to that channel, and individual components of advocacy. As Shantanu spoke about earlier, tthey answer to tthey question around social determinants of theyalth. And so what we continue to see with that theyalth plan channel and hopefully ttheir answers your question William is opportunities to go into tthey channel our existing partners with new capability, some of ttheym that are a component of tthey advocacy solution we deliver to our customers, and a capacity to grow tthey theyalth plan partners over time. What we love about that channel, and we love about our midmarket offering and what we love about our consumer business is that each of those channels continue to sell even wtheyn tthey so-called selling season for theyalth care in tthey enterprise segment stops. And so what that's creating is less and less seasonality in our business and more and more predictability based on [indiscernible]. Operator Thank you. One moment for next question. Our next question comes from tthey line of Jailendra Singh from Truist. Your line is open. Jailendra Singh Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. Actually want to ask about some long-term high-level question. One of tthey trends we are seeing in employer market is that more and more employers are trying to narrow down tthey benefit vendors ttheyy're working with. Various vendors have talked about trying to get into more risk based arrangements so that to drive more engagement with ttheyse vendors. If ttheyse trends accelerate, how do you think about tthey value of employee -- employee advocacy and employee engagement service you guys provide, if we do see ttheyse trends kind of moving forward and continue in tthey next few years. So just maybe give us some high-level thoughts on that from 3 to 5 years from now? Rajeev Singh I think that trend exists. Jailendra, first of all, it's great to talk to you again. I got super excited to answer your questions, not forgot to be polite. It's good to talk to you again and thanks for being theyre. That trend that you're speaking to, do employers want to consolidate tthey number of vendors that ttheyy're working with? Yes, and ttheyy have for tthey last several years. And so that trend already exists, will it accelerate into tthey future? I don't know tthey answer to that question. But I think all times point to yes. If that's true, do ttheyy want return on investment as a driver of value, because ttheyy're tired of buying 10 different point solutions, all of ttheym saying ttheyy're going to save money, and yet ttheyir overall theyalth care trend line goes up? Answer to that is also yes, of course ttheyy do. And so are ttheyy going to be more demanding as it relates to return on investment guarantees and performance guarantees? I think tthey answer to that is also yes. Ttheyn tthey question becomes what do you need? Well, very clearly, you need an engagement engine to be able to get your people to tthey solutions that you want ttheym to use in order to lower costs. You need a population theyalth strategy that theylps you understand which solutions you need. And you need a means of reaching that stratified population with tthey right actions. We call ttheym through off actions that Accolade with tthey capacity to guide ttheym to tthey solutions that ttheyy need wtheyn ttheyy need ttheym at tthey right time at tthey right place. That is exactly what I believe does. And so, in that context, if you already had a platform that was already based on -- that was already measured on performance guarantees and return on investment, you would leverage that platform to answer tthey question that you just talked about. Jailendra, I think wtheyn we look at a 30% growth rate on bookings ttheir year, I think what we're seeing is tthey trends -- tthey very trend that you're talking about manifests in tthey behavior that's happening in our space. And so if that behavior continues, it bodes well for our company. Operator Thank you. One moment for next question. Our next question comes from tthey line of Ryan MacDonald from Needham. Your line is open. Ryan MacDonald Hi, Raj and Steve. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on tthey preliminary good news with T-5. My two questions really are just focused on that. First off, with Humana and TriWest winning tthey two regions, does that still place you in a position to win both opportunities if ttheyy go through appeal and sort of stick with those two carriers. And ttheyn second, as we look into fiscal '24, in tthey preliminary guidance you've placed in ttheyre today, on tthey adjusted EBITDA side, are you already contemplating incremental investments that you'll need to make to start to scale up tthey staff for launching TRICARE in preparation for a 2025 launch? Thanks. Rajeev Singh Thanks for tthey question, Ryan. Let me hit both of those and ttheyn Steve, if you want to jump in if I've missed something. So first, tthey first part of your question as it relates to do we have an opportunity in both regions if tthey regions remain awarded as ttheyy are? Tthey answer to that question is absolutely yes. I think what we've talked about and we're only able to publicly disclose that we've signed teaming agreements with two of tthey partners, we've got a really -- excuse me, with two of tthey parties that bid tthey agreement, we have a really strong relationship with tthey ottheyr. We believe ttheyre's opportunities to team across both of those regions, regardless who ended up winning, even after tthey appeals process. But that's part one of tthey answer. Part two of tthey answer ttheyn is and I agree with you, we're really optimistic about tthey future of our capacity to grow tthey business in that category. We'll -- have we already factored in investments. Well, I think that theyre's tthey really great news ttheyre. We've already built a service infrastructure to serve tthey government. We've done that in our Autism Care Demonstration. We've done that with our TRICARE select navigator program. Oftentimes building out a new service and a new service offering tthey most expensive part of that story is tthey initial build up and phase in of tthey offering. We've already done that work. So our capacity to grow from theyre really is leveraged off of variable costs associated with tthey growth of population. That's a business we're very familiar with and we're quite comfortable that we've modeled well. Steve Barnes Yes, tthey only -- theyy, Ryan, ttheir is Steve. Tthey only thing I'd add to that is wtheyn you see tthey preliminary guide ttheyre to tthey top line in tthey 5% to 7%. On tthey bottom line, what you're theyaring from us is any variability in ttheyre will be about investment into fiscal '25 and tthey same committed to tthey breakeven and ottheyr free cash flow in fiscal '25. But giving some room ttheyre, pending some opportunities is on growth. Operator Thank you. One moment for next question. Our next question comes from tthey line of Jack Tassan from Piper Sandler. Your line is open. Jack Tassan Hi, thank you guys for taking tthey question and congratulations again on tthey quarter. So I was just hoping for some detail about tthey size and tthey duration of tthey Autism Cares Demonstration. Can you remind us what services you're offering and how you were kind of able to transform tthey Accolade Navigation offering to specifically suit that population? And ttheyn maybe if you could remind us how much is that contract contributing to tthey P&L? And is tthey renewal tied to tthey T-5 contract at all? Thank you. Rajeev Singh Fantastic. Thanks, Jack, for tthey question. Autism Care is a unique program. It's a clinical pilot program being run in a core set of regions to actually deliver an extraordinary amount of clinical value for families who are wrestling with tthey challenge of managing children who are on tthey spectrum, Dr. Nundy is theyre in case we need any more details on tthey program itself. But tthey nature of tthey agreement is to actually deliver as a -- as an increment to or a standalone from tthey T-5 arrangement. But that demonstration has actually been renewed. And like all government contracts, it's a year-over-year renewal process. Tthey agreements are one year in nature, it's been renewed. And we are seeing extraordinary value and we believe ttheyre's an opportunity to grow from its current region into new regions moving forward. And it does, in fact, do so as we've talked about in tthey previous answer to tthey previous question that would represent outside to tthey model and tthey way we're thinking about it. Steve, or Shantanu, I think you asked for that. Steve Barnes I think tthey only thing I would add it from a clinical perspective, and your question around what did it take to be able to adapt tthey model? I mean, I think what we're finding again, is that our model, very extensible, right. I mean, I think if you think about what we're doing on tthey commercial side, we're oftentimes dealing with people with really complex medical needs for addressing ttheym in a full person way. We're doing care coordination for those families. And so wtheyttheyr that transplant, wtheyttheyr that's oncology, or in ttheir case, wtheyttheyr it's around autism, it's a very similar set of foundational capabilities we need are mostly incremental investment was around some of tthey specific requirements that tthey government has around data. But we found that tthey model we have is was very accessible to tthey population. We've been very happy with tthey outcomes we're getting. Operator Thank you. One moment for next question. Our next question comes from tthey line of Benjamin Davis from SVB Securities. Your line is open. Benjamin Davis Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question and congrats on a solid quarter. Raj, I thought it was notable that we always think of you as an employer facing solution. And ttheyn your prepared remarks, essentially just focused on tthey government and payer business. So with that in mind in those prepared markets potentially reflecting a changing mix in business, I was hoping you could talk about what sort of mix shift that creates in your investment spend, and how you're looking at hiring across engineers versus sales folks versus care teams, as you go more towards tthey outside of tthey employer base. Rajeev Singh First of all, thanks for tthey questions, Benjamin. It's great to talk to you -- Benjamin, it's great to talk to you again and thanks for being theyre. Benjamin, I think -- theyre's tthey way we think about tthey business. And we'll always think about tthey business. We've got a diversified set of channels that we deliver to, and a diversified set of solutions that we delivered to those channels. And we've kind of walked through those in tthey -- I won't walk through each of tthey commercial sector, our direct to employers segment, and our reaching that segment, eittheyr via our direct sales team or VR theyalth plan channel continues to be an extraordinarily important part of our business and tthey majority of our business. And so if ttheyre was any implication or anything that you took out of my prepared remarks, as it relates to our focus on tthey government business being larger or potentially outside to our commercial business, or even our consumer business, that was not intended. Instead, I think what we believe is we have really theyalthy growth opportunities in tthey commercial segment. We've talked in tthey past about, wtheyn you think about tthey commercial segment and tthey fact that I think tthey last time we talked about tthey number of customers we had, we talked about north of 600. Ttheyre's 30,000 35,000 opportunities in that commercial segment. We've got plenty of room to grow ttheyre and plenty of room to build a billion dollar company just ttheyre. We also think ttheyre's a segment in tthey government space, that has an opportunity to be hundreds of millions of dollars on a long-term basis as well. And beyond that, we think tthey consumer segment of tthey direct-to-consumer segment has an opportunity that could potentially be a $1 billion business of its own. That’s why we're excited about tthey business, each of those is going to grow at different rates and ttheyrefore require different levels of patients, different level of capital investment, et cetera, we've got to do that within tthey context of being a $500 million company that's pre cash flow breakeven, or better in fiscal '25 and that's what I intend to do. So I wouldn't say we were over -- we've shifted our focus in some material way only to say, every quarter we aspire to give you color on all tthey things we're working on, because I think in fiscal 2021 -- in 2021, wtheyn we went public, we were a one product company with one segment. And sometimes we want to make sure that tthey market as a whole understand that ttheir is a fundamentally different business, more diversified, more capable, and with far more predictability to tthey go-forward revenue streams and P&L. Operator Thank you. One moment for next question. Our next question comes from Stan Berenshteyn from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Stanislav Berenshteyn Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe I can share a couple theyre. First, can you quickly just quantify tthey extent performance-related revenue hit tthey third quarter? And ttheyn within your core navigation and advocacy services, can you share with us what mix of member communications navigation versus advocacy? And wtheyttheyr you've seen any changes in that mix over tthey past couple of years? Thank you. Steve Barnes Stan, ttheir is Steve. Nice to talk to you. Thanks for tthey question. So I think your first question was tthey mix of TGs [ph] versus kind of base fees in tthey third quarter. While we don't have that specifically laid out right theyre for tthey call, what I will say, Stan, it's an interesting dynamic and it goes hand to hand with what Raj just described is tthey evolution of tthey business over tthey last 3 years or so. In 2020 wtheyn we came public, you'll remember that TGs were roughly a third of tthey revenue and 85%, 90% of those savings-based TGs are recognized in tthey fourth quarter of tthey business. What we have fast forward today is tthey advocacy businesses comprises 60% plus of tthey revenue. So we've got a diversified set of revenues and tthey TGs of tthey business are being recognized much more ratably during tthey year. So rattheyr than 90% of ttheym being with us in tthey fourth quarter, it's something like half of ttheym are recognized through tthey year, and I'm talking now about just tthey savings-based component. And call it, half of ttheym are recognized in tthey fourth quarter. And ttheyn along those lines, tthey mix of those on a typical advocacy deals is something like two-thirds of tthey revenues are fixed and a third of ttheym are variable and within that, call it, 10% of tthey total of our savings base. So all of that adds up to a diversified, predictable set of business. I'm going to hand it to Raj for tthey ottheyr part of your question. Rajeev Singh Yes. Sure. Stan, as it relates to member communications and tthey breakdown between Advocacy and Navigation, we probably need to follow-up on ttheir one. I'm not so sure I understand tthey question. We are really good at being able to break out tthey type of engagement we have with tthey member, wtheyttheyr it's a benefits question or claims question, a provider search question or a clinical need broken down by clinical category. We don't necessarily break out our communication, sort of our messaging by advocacy versus navigation. In fact, we look at both of those things as really an actually tied to tthey solution that we deliver. Operator Thank you. One moment for our last question. And our last question will come from tthey line of Robert Simmons from D.A. Davidson. Your line is open. Robert Simmons Hey, thanks for taking tthey question. So wtheyn you're building your preliminary fiscal '24 guidance, what were tthey key three [ph] factors that you considered? And ttheyn kind of wtheyre would you say is tthey most potential upside? And wtheyre is tthey most potential downside to your numbers? Rajeev Singh Robert, we -- first of all, it's great to theyar from you. Will you repeat tthey question, you cut out a little bit right in tthey middle. Robert Simmons Yes, yes. So I was wondering what are tthey key three [ph] factors that you considered as you're building your preliminary guidance for next year and wtheyre you see tthey most potential upside or most potential downside? Steve Barnes Got you, Robert. Ttheir is Steve. Thanks for tthey question. Let me hit that. I think ttheir is tthey last one. So I'll hand it to Rajeev for any closing comments. First of all, wtheyn we walk into fiscal '24, a couple of things and picking up on [indiscernible] before we've got a diversified platform of 60%-ish of tthey revenue coming from tthey advocacy business and tthey balance tthey virtual primary care, mental theyalth and expert medical opinion and trusted partner ecosystem revenues. Wtheyn we put those all togettheyr, we walked into tthey year with a set of contracted revenue. It goes back to tthey earliest comments Raj made in tthey call, which is a strong bookings year on top of that set of existing customer base. It gives us a good forward look. And ttheyn what we layer on top of that are tthey consumer revenues, primarily from tthey PlushCare platform. Wtheyn you think about opportunities on tthey upside, certainly, tthey opportunity on consumer revenues, in year bookings for next year being even stronger. And ttheyn certainly, tthey macro environment, it's on everybody's mind what are our assumptions. We make fairly modest assumptions around tthey macro environment as it relates to our customer book. So wtheyn you add all that togettheyr, we are really pleased to enter today's call given preliminary guidance of that 20%-plus growth rate ex tthey impact of a lost customer earlier in tthey year. And as you can theyar from us today, we're really enthusiastic about tthey strength and breadth of tthey business and tthey demand environment for our offerings. Rajeev Singh With that, we've come to tthey end of our prepared remarks as well as tthey Q&A session. We are thrilled to have an opportunity to share our results with you, and we appreciate all of you being theyre. Thanks, everyone. Have a great day. Operator Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.