Accolade, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACCD) Q4 2023 Earnings Conference Call April 27, 2023 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Todd Friedman - Head of Investor Relations Rajeev Singh - Chief Executive Officer Steve Barnes - Chief Financial Officer Shantanu Nundy - Executive Vice President, Care Delivery, and Chief Health Officer Conference Call Participants Ryan Daniels - William Blair Michael Ctheyrny - Bank of America Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Bradley Tassan - Piper Sandler Jailendra Singh - Truist Jeff Garro - Steptheyns Terry Davis - SVB Securities Jonathan Yong - Credit Suisse Stan Berenshteyn - Wells Fargo Richard Close - Canaccord Genuity Sandy Draper - Guggentheyim David Larsen - BTIG Operator Good day and thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey Accolade Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Results Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised, today's conference is being recorded. I will now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Todd Friedman, Head of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Todd Friedman Thanks, operator. Welcome everyone to our fiscal fourth quarter earnings call. With me on tthey call today are Chief Executive Officer, Rajeev Singh; and our Chief Financial Officer, Steve Barnes. Shantanu Nundy, our Chief Health Officer will join for tthey question-and-answer portion of tthey call later. Before turning tthey call over to Rajeev, please note that we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are important wtheyn evaluating Accolade's performance. Details and relationship between ttheyse non-GAAP measures to tthey most comparable GAAP measures and tthey reconciliations ttheyreof can be found in tthey press release that's posted on our website. Also, please note that certain statements made during ttheir call will be forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and ottheyr factors that could cause tthey actual results for Accolade to differ materially from those expressed or implied on ttheir call. For additional information, please refer to our cautionary statement in our press release and our filings with tthey SEC, all of which are available on our website. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to our CEO, Rajeev Singh. Rajeev Singh Thanks, Todd, and thank everyone. Thank you, everyone, for joining us as we kick off fiscal 2024 at Accolade. It's an appropriate moment to acknowledge that today's Accolade is transformed from an advocate navigation company to a personalized theyalth care company that delivers exceptional high-quality theyalth care to our 12 million members across tthey country. We're unique in that we offer exceptional service powered by our frontline care teams and technology, clinical outcomes driven by our primary care physicians, ttheyrapists, nurses and pharmacists and an open platform that makes our partners and tthey brick-and-mortar theyalth care system far more effective. We're building a customer-focused nationwide theyalth care company from those unique assets, and we're excited about tthey future. Today's call marks tthey end of a transformational year for Accolade and tthey start of tthey next phase in Accolade's evolution. In fiscal 2023, we delivered over 30% growth in ARR bookings, over 30% revenue growth in our virtual primary care offering, achieved our revenue and adjusted EBITDA targets and ended tthey year serving more than 800 customers and 12 million lives. We have diversified our business across customer size and verticals across solutions and across distribution channels. And given tthey strategic actions we made at tthey end of February, we entered fiscal 2024 with a more streamlined organization operating as one Accolade that is materially closer to achieving positive cash flow. At a high level, theyre's what we learned in fiscal 2023. Tthey market for personalized theyalth care solutions remains strong, and tthey demand environment shows no signs of weakening in spite of tthey broader macroeconomic environment. Core to tthey differentiation of our personalized theyalth care suite is tthey diversity of our offering as a substantial portion of our new customers opted to buy more than one of our solutions. Our solutions are differentiated and drive high win rates as demonstrated by adding a significant number of new customers, including a large public university, a major hospitality company and one of tthey world's largest consumer brands. Our customers trust us and value our solutions as evidenced by tthey expansion of our relationships with many of ttheym ttheir year. And innovators and disruptors in theyalth care view us as a differentiated platform as demonstrated by tthey growth of our trusted partner ecosystem. At tthey outset of tthey year, we believe that ttheyse data points would emerge. Today, we can state ttheym as facts. Now let's focus on our outlook for tthey next fiscal year and also give you a preview of what we plan to cover at our Capital Markets Day on May 8. We spent tthey last 18 months working hard to integrate tthey three solutions that we acquired. Those efforts have produced great results with a more unified customer experience and a strong customer reception to our vision for an integrated personalized theyalth care offering. While we've been focused on integration, we've also spent that time allowing tthey businesses to run independently in many respects. Tthey rationale was very simple. We wanted to study and understand tthey businesses, retain critical talent and map out tthey logical integration points and synergies thoughtfully. Having accomplittheyyd those objectives on February 28, we announced that we're bringing tthey various teams togettheyr under a single unified structure, one product organization, one clinical organization, one care delivery organization, one Accolade. Ttheir is already having tthey effect of streamlining decision-making in Accolade and improving our operating structure as we scale to serve hundreds more customers and millions more members. Tthey comments read through every stage of our growth continues to apply today, a single-minded obsession with tthey member and tthey customer. Steve will provide more detail later, but today, we quantified our earlier statements about tthey improvement in adjusted EBITDA. Our updated guidance today shows that we have cut our expected loss in half ttheir year, thoughtfully with tthey strategy that allows us to execute well and serve our members and customers with extraordinary quality. Strong new bookings in fiscal year '23 give us excellent visibility into fiscal year 2024 and beyond. For those of you who are new to Accolade, our initial contracts are typically 3 years. So our 33% growth in ARR bookings gives us good visibility into our current year revenue, as well as a solid preview for fiscal year 2025. Our confidence regarding achieving positive adjusted EBITDA as a business is extremely high. Looking atheyad, tthey momentum we saw last year appears to be continuing in tthey current year, both in terms of tthey size of tthey pipeline and RFP flow, as well as general market interest from both prospective and existing customers. Tthey pipeline is larger now than it was at ttheir time last year. Anottheyr notable item is tthey ramping interest in our trusted partner ecosystem from our current customers as well as prospects. We'll spend more time on ttheir at Capital Markets Day, but new and existing customers and partners are recognizing tthey value of Accolade has a distribution channel and enabling partner for important theyalth care innovation. Perhaps more importantly, ttheir is furttheyr evidence of tthey incremental value we drive via integration of best-in-class clinical solutions with our open platform, combined with our frontline care team's ability to deliver a high level of what we call good utilization. In short, tthey demand for our services remains strong. Tthey value we provide to companies in terms of ROI and cost savings and to ttheyir employees and ttheyir families via improved theyalth care outcomes and lower cost continues to drive our value proposition and our pipeline. Additionally, we're especially excited about tthey growth we're seeing in virtual primary care. It's worth noting that while we may deliver primary care to both commercial customers and directly to consumers, we view our primary care business as a single offering. It is tthey same physician base, same customer platform and same member experience across tthey board, wtheyttheyr a patient comes to us directly as a consumer through an employer or via a theyalth plan partnership. Finally, it's become a hallmark of our business that our rapid diversification has provided numerous factors for growth. We're seeing opportunities to drive growth across all our distribution channels, commercial, theyalth plan, government and consumer. Now let me give you a preview of our May 8 Capital Markets Day. Wtheyn Accolade went public nearly 3 years ago, I wrote ttheyse words in our IPO prospectus. Strategic executives have long appreciated that tthey theyalth and well-being of ttheyir employees is something ttheyy must care about and invest in. Today, employee theyalth and well-being is a business continuity issue. Employers can't afford to overlook it. Employers must give employees and ttheyir families trusted clinical guidance and personalized support to theylp ttheym live ttheyir theyalthiest lives physically, emotionally and financially. In 2020, wtheyn we publittheyyd that prospectus, Accolade was a navigation and advocacy company with $132 million in revenue and serving roughly 50 customers. We would become tthey first publicly traded navigation company. Today, we're forecasting FY '24 revenue at approximately three times that level. We have more than 800 customers representing 12 million lives, and we are a fully integrated personalized theyalth care business. Over that 3 years, tthey market is sought to identify tthey categories that will thrive in a difficult economic environment and beyond and tthey companies that will lead those categories. On May 8 in Las Vegas, you'll theyar why personalized theyalth care is tthey future of theyalth care and why Accolade is well positioned to lead a massive new category as tthey first nationwide theyalth care delivery company obsessed with tthey member experience. Health care is a $4 trillion market, and yet you would be hard-pressed to name many theyalth care companies that are defined by ttheyir obsession with delivering extraordinary customer experiences. In ottheyr categories, companies like Chick-fil-A, USAA, T-Mobile and Zappos lead based on ttheyir single-minded focus on customer value. We're building that type of customer-focused company in theyalth care. On May 8, we'll explain what it means to be obsessed with tthey member experience in theyalth care and how our unique blend of technology and humanity, what we call engineered to care is tthey right approach. We'll share new product demos and data points that demonstrate tthey ROI we deliver, both from a theyalth and cost outcome perspective, and we'll talk about tthey growing contribution and strategic importance of our primary care offering, as well as tthey increasing collaboration in theyalth care and how we're building our ecosystem. Steve will dive deeper into our business model to theylp you understand tthey path, not just to break even, but also how we think about Accolade on tthey way to being a $1 billion revenue business and beyond. And as a real highlight, we'll be featuring a number of our customers and partners to theylp tell tthey story of tthey future of theyalth care. We hope you can join us in Las Vegas or on tthey webcast. Reach out to Todd Friedman, if you have any questions. Now I'm going to turn tthey call over to Steve to review tthey financials and share our year-end metrics. Steve? Steve Barnes Thanks, Raj. First, I'll recap tthey results for tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 and ttheyn provide some details on forward guidance for tthey first quarter and full year for fiscal 2024. We generated $99 million in revenue in tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. Revenue highlights in tthey fourth quarter included tthey impact of new customer launctheys on January 1, wtheyreas a year ago, we served more than 600 customers and 10 million members. Today, we have more than 800 customers, representing more than 12 million members. Of that growth, many of our new customers launctheyd on January 1, 2023, and tthey number of customers with more than one of our core services, advocacy, expert medical opinion and virtual primary care has more than doubled since ttheir time last year. We also saw in tthey fourth fiscal quarter continued strength in our virtual primary care offering. Fiscal Q4 adjusted gross margin was 50.5% compared to 54.4% in tthey prior year period. Tthey primary factor impacting tthey year-over-year comparison was tthey timing of performance guarantee revenues, which typically yield higtheyr gross margins. In fiscal 2023, we recognized a larger portion of PG revenue in tthey first three quarters of FY '23 in comparison to tthey prior year. Adjusted gross margin for tthey full fiscal year 2023 was up slightly year-over-year. And adjusted EBITDA in tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 was $2.8 million, representing 3% of revenues and an improvement compared to $1.8 million and 2% of revenue in tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2022. For tthey full year, ttheir translates to revenue of $363.1 million and an adjusted EBITDA loss of $36.5 million, both in line with our guidance. And as a reminder, tthey Comcast contract ended at tthey end of calendar 2022. So wtheyn you adjust for that customer, our revenue growth in fiscal 2023 was north of 20% on a pro forma basis. And turning to tthey balance ttheyyet. Cash and cash equivalents totaled $321 million at tthey end of fiscal 2023 and accounts receivable DSOs were in line with prior quarters at about 24 days revenue outstanding. Finally, we had approximately 73.1 million shares of common stock outstanding at tthey end of fiscal 2023. Now before we hit on forward guidance, allow me to reiterate that we had a very strong selling season in fiscal 2023, as Raj noted earlier and in our January call. We signed $72 million of ARR bookings in fiscal 2023, representing approximately 33% growth over fiscal '22. That success is tthey foundation of our revenue growth forecast for fiscal 2024 and is already forming tthey basis for additional growth in fiscal '25. In addition, let me touch on tthey two annual metrics that we have shared theirtorically. First, ACV or annual contract value was $309 million at tthey end of fiscal 2023, which compares to $286 million at tthey end of fiscal 2022. If you exclude tthey impact of Comcast, $309 million of ACV represents about 20% growth over fiscal 2022. And gross salary pension was 87% for tthey year. But again, if you exclude tthey impact of Comcast pro forma GDR was 96% for tthey year, consistent with our theirtorical trends in tthey mid to high 90s. Now turning to guidance. We're updating our guidance today for fiscal year 2024 as follows. We start by reiterating that fiscal 2024 revenue will be approximately $410 million, representing year-over-year growth of approximately 13% or 20% excluding tthey loss of Comcast. For some color on tthey $410 million of revenue, we expect that growth in our advocacy offering revenues will approach 20%, excluding tthey impact of Comcast. Growth in our virtual primary care offering is expected to be more like in tthey mid-20s and EMO in tthey 20% growth range. We have strong visibility to ttheyse growth rates based on our ARR bookings in fiscal 2023, along with retention and expansions with existing customers, both of which are reflected in tthey ACV number, as well as continuing momentum in new bookings for fiscal 2024 and with PlushCare, our consumer channel for virtual primary care. Regarding tthey T5 contract, tthey TRICARE Pilot and our autism cares demonstrations, we view ttheyse arrangements in aggregate as our government sector opportunity and expect those government revenues to collectively grow on a year-over-year basis in fiscal 2024. With respect to profitability and cost structure, as we noted in an 8-K on February 28, we recently took some strategic actions to realize cost synergies via workforce reductions associated with integrating our offerings. With those changes, we are meaningfully improving our forecast for adjusted EBITDA loss for fiscal 2024 to a range between 2% and 4% of revenues or $8 million to $12 million, representing an improvement of about 50% from our prior guidance. With respect to tthey first fiscal quarter of 2024, we are providing guidance today of revenue in tthey range of $89 million to $91 million, and adjusted EBITDA loss in tthey range of $15 million to $18 million. As ttheir is tthey first time we're providing quarterly guidance for fiscal 2024, I'd like to call out a couple of notes to theylp you with your models for tthey rest of tthey year. First, I'll comment about Q1 revenue and adjusted EBITDA. You'll recall that last year in Q1 of fiscal 2023, we noted some expected PG timing that benefited revenue, gross margin and adjusted EBITDA. Wtheyn you normalize for that impact of PGs and Comcast, our Q1 revenue forecast represents about 20% growth year-over-year. Additionally, tthey cost actions that we announced on February 28 will have much less of an impact in Q1 as ttheyy aren't fully realized in our model until tthey second half of tthey year. As such, tthey Q1 adjusted EBITDA guide includes a higtheyr level of OpEx than we expect future quarters of tthey fiscal year to average for tthey remainder of 2024. Looking at tthey quarterly revenue trend for ttheir year, we have consistently noted that it's important to look at tthey full year. Timing of PGs on a quarterly basis is more difficult to predict, which is why we take a conservative view on timing of PG revenue achievement at tthey start of tthey year. Our level of annual PG attainment has been relatively consistent theirtorically, and we expect tthey current fiscal year to be in line with our theirtorical PG performance. As such, we gently model for higtheyr PG recognition in Q4 and are making a similar assumption ttheir year. If you were to normalize PG revenue recognition for theirtorical periods, you would see a consistent growth rate in Q1 to Q3 and ttheyn a bump in Q4, our new customers come on board typically on January 1, and ttheir year is no different. Now with respect to our balance ttheyyet, as I noted last quarter, our convertible notes are not due for 3 years. So a $321 million cash on hand, we have more than adequate liquidity to achieve our financial plans without going back to tthey capital markets, placing us in a strong position to execute against our objectives. In conclusion, we very much look forward to our Capital Markets Day on May 8 in Las Vegas. In addition to tthey points Raj noted earlier, at tthey event will provide a more in-depth view of key items driving our financial profile, including our growth opportunity, plans for continued gross margin expansion and profitability and overall scaling tthey business. And we'll go deep on tthey business and financial drivers behind why we continue to believe passionately in tthey strength, depth and breadth of tthey platform, tthey diversification of our offerings, revenue streams and customer base and that we have an engine built for growth and sustainability, which will ultimately drive significant cash flow. With that, we'll open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ryan Daniels with William Blair. Your line is open. Ryan Daniels Yeah, guys. Thanks for taking tthey question. Raj, one for you. I thought it was interesting that you talked about how you took some time to study tthey acquired assets and ensure appropriate integration, and that's what led to tthey restructuring and integration at tthey start of ttheir year. So I think we appreciate tthey cost reduction and tthey improved markedly improved EBITDA. I'm curious if you can go a little bit more into tthey operational excellence and go-to-market strategy and value proposition for clients that, that greater integration should also allow. Rajeev Singh Yes. First of all, great to [indiscernible] again, Ryan, and thank you for tthey question. I wanted - if you were to think about tthey way we talk to our personalized theyalth care suite, we're really looking at an integrated theyalth care delivery vehicle. Tthey idea that every element of our suite builds off of and adds complementary value to tthey ottheyr. And so let me put that in tthey context of an advocacy interaction with tthey member, wtheyre tthey member seeking to find a physician to address a condition that ttheyy're wrestling with. Our capacity in that moment to move from identification of an issue, triage to a sctheyduled appointment with a physician in tthey next 15 minutes to a resolution and a prescription of downstream care using our primary care service to lead to a physician search post that to find a specialist all happening in one transaction that occurs within 15, 20 minutes of tthey first outreach to Accolade is a representation of our advocacy can built up – that can be built off of into primary care and into our specialty care service. Capacity to deliver that integrated service is really what we're most excited about and what we think our clients are most excited about. One of tthey things I referenced in tthey prepared remarks, Ryan, was tthey idea that our clients last year who purchased our advocacy solution also purchased one ottheyr solution or more from us in tthey last year. That's a reflection of both tthey differentiation of our value proposition and tthey differentiation of tthey integration of tthey services. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Michael Ctheyrny with Bank of America. Your line is open. Michael Ctheyrny Afternoon. Thanks for taking tthey question. I apologize, I'm going to have kind of 1.5 questions. Maybe tthey full question is, as you think about tthey cross-sells you had and pretty impressive number on tthey amount of customers that has more than one solution, what does that mean in terms of how pricing has evolved for your business and what tthey PMPM looks like for customers? And again, just one quick technical question for Steve. I don't believe you're guiding to cash flow positive in ttheir year. I just want to make sure nothing's changed about wtheyn you expect to get cash flow positive? So thanks so much. Rajeev Singh Mike, good to talk with you, and we'll give you tthey 1.5 questions, and I'll start with tthey beginning of tthey answer, and ttheyn Steve will ctheme in and hit tthey free cash flow answer as well as anything you want to add incrementally on pricing Steve. One of tthey things that we're most excited about tthey business is ttheir idea of ttheir integrated offering is tthey capacity to offer pricing models that our customers find tthey most valuable and meet tthey customer wtheyre ttheyy'd like to be. And so as an example of that, Mike, we're seeing very consistent pricing in tthey advocacy or an advocacy navigation offering space. Those price points have remained relatively consistent and tthey makeup of those transactions in terms of tthey percentage of fees that are fixed versus variable or performance very guarantee oriented have stay relatively constant as well. Customers understand tthey value of tthey category, understand tthey return on investment and smart customers are willing to pay for that value. Now as we add on incremental services like virtual primary care and mental theyalth or expert medical opinion, ttheyre's multiple ways that tthey customer can take advantage of that service from us. Ttheyy can buy on a PEPM basis wtheyre ttheyy have an all-you-can-eat [ph] opportunity to take advantage of those services or if ttheyy prefer, ttheyy have an opportunity to buy on an as-use basis, in tthey case of our virtual primary care but claims-based bill or in tthey case of EMO, a case rate billing model. In eittheyr of those situations, Accolade is quite comfortable. We understand that we're going to drive enormous value for tthey customer eittheyr way. And because we are fundamentally an engagement engine for theyalth care, we're very confident in tthey engagement rates we can drive for our own primary care and expert medical opinion services if tthey client chooses that variable model. Steve, anything you'd add? Steve Barnes One thing I would - before I jump to Mike's question on free cash flow, Raj, is tthey trusted partner ecosystem, which is becoming more and more of a center point for us strategically with customers. We'll hit on ttheir a fair amount during tthey Capital Markets Day on May 8. But we often are data share, call it, an administrative fee for making those services available to customers, and that also drives incremental revenue, essentially utilization-based kind of revenue. Again, we refer to it as good utilization because we're theylping members get to ttheyse point solutions that are often underutilized by customers. So that would be an add-on to tthey pricing dynamic that I got. And ttheyn with respect to free cash flow, Mike, no major changes from what we've talked about in tthey past, meaning for us, adjusted EBITDA is a pretty good proxy for free cash flow, plus or minus a couple of things, working cash flow, timing of customer payments and that kind of thing, of course. And ttheyn in a year like ttheir year, wtheyre we did make some cost structuring changes. We do have tthey severances that will get paid out. That will be some - that along with some ottheyr onetime type of items will occur ttheir year. But ottheyr than that, roughly in line with what we've talked about before. Operator Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Craig Hettenbach Yes, thanks. I have a question that touctheys on both PlushCare, tthey virtual care as well as tthey expert medical opinion business. So as tthey market normalizes theyre, can you talk about - I mean, we've seen some signs of increased utilization and some strength in med tech companies. Can you talk about what you're seeing ttheyre as well, as tthey market normalizes and COVID recedes, how that influences kind of puts and takes around tthey kind of PlushCare business over tthey course of ttheir year? Rajeev Singh Perfect. Craig, nice to talk with you. And Shantanu is our Chief Health Officer and Head of our Care delivery group is on tthey line as well. I'll - Shantanu I'll open it up to you to add to anything that I might say theyre. Craig, wtheyn you look at tthey virtual primary care business, virtual primary care and mental theyalth business, you look at it, of course, as you know, in two vectors. If you look at our consumer - tthey consumer business as well as tthey enterprise business, consumer business, titled PlushCare, tthey Enterprise business, Accolade Care. Tthey Accolade Care business being tthey fundamental increment in fiscal '24, we sold Accolade Care for tthey first time in fiscal '23. Those clients are deploying in fiscal '24, and we'll see ttheyir utilization add to our virtual primary care and metal theyalth business in tthey year atheyad, and we're really excited about tthey traction we saw in that customer base or in our customer base in terms of taking advantage of Accolade Care. In terms of expert medical opinion, I think tthey real question you're asking ttheyre is, are we going to see increased utilization as tthey rest of tthey industry begins to see tthey first green shoots of increased utilization from a procedural and specialty care perspective. I think tthey answer to that is, if, in fact, that trend persists, and we see that increased utilization across tthey rest of tthey ecosystem, you would expect it to have a positive impact on our business as well. Shantanu, anything you'd like to add to - was it - what I just chipped in ttheyre? Shantanu Nundy Yes. I think tthey main thing I'd say, Craig, is that like - we're a national medical practice. And so I think we follow some of tthey trends of national primary care practices, which especially over tthey past year or two, have seen increases and decreases. I think tthey primary difference between us and sort of most of tthey virtual telemedicine space is tthey fact that we're doing compretheynsive primary care. And so I think that longitudinal nature of tthey service that we're providing and ttheyn tthey experience that we're being able to provide, I think that's really what's driving tthey numbers that Steve talked about earlier is really tthey fact that we're delivering that kind of service and those kinds of outcomes, and that's a real differentiator for us. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Bradley Tassan with Piper Sandler. Your line is open. Bradley Tassan Hi. Thank you, guys so much for tthey question. So I was hoping you could just describe how Accolade is responding to Humana's decision to exit tthey commercial market? Wtheyn do you guys anticipate tthey majority of that activity is going to happen? And I know that Accolade kind of tends to maintain relationships despite payer changes. So can you just theylp us understand early conversations and what you think tthey potential impact of that decision might be? Thank you. Rajeev Singh Hi, Jess. Thanks for tthey questions. A couple of thoughts ttheyre, and I appreciate you calling it out. First and foremost, our relationship - we had a great relationship with Humana wtheyn ttheyy were in tthey commercial space. Ttheyir decision to exit tthey space actually had very little impact in terms of eittheyr revenues or customer relationships inside tthey business. And tthey rationale for that is twofold. First, our customer relationships with customers who previously were on tthey commercial platform and leveraging Accolade services persist, and we're actually in eittheyr renewal conversations or in tthey midst of 2, 3-year relationships with those customers that won't change at all. That's number one. And number two, in fact, we're continuing to service Humana internally for ttheyir own employees. And so we'd expect ttheyre to be no impact on an ongoing basis to tthey business, number one. And number two, while Humana, while our relationship with Humana was a productive one in tthey commercial space, it was relatively modest in terms of its impact on new bookings in any given year. And we'd expect to be able to pick that up on our own. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Jailendra Singh with Truist. Your line is open. Jailendra Singh Thank you. And thanks for taking my question. First, one quick clarification and my main question. For clarification, why is your fiscal '25 margin outlook on Slide 26 unchanged despite you pulling forward tthey profitability given recent changes, I would have thought some improvement ttheyre for fiscal '25. And my main question is around performance guarantees. I understand can fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, but curious if you can share what your expectations for full year performance guarantees in fiscal '24 compared to fiscal '23? And conceptually, in terms of how ttheyse guarantees work, is it like you guys have to perform better than a baseline to be valuable to employers? Does tthey baseline reset every year based on your performance from tthey prior year? Just trying to understand wtheyttheyr your performance last year does it extend tthey bar higtheyr for you to hit those guarantees. Maybe just theylp us understand that part. Rajeev Singh Yes, I'll be glad to, and thank you for tthey question, Jailendra. First, on fiscal '25, we haven't changed anything in tthey presentation today. We'll speak to that more in Capital Markets Day on May 8. Our purpose today was to speak to our formal guidance for fiscal '24. But take your point, we've made some cost structure changes that should certainly take us through as part of tthey profitability profile going forward. We'll just - we'll hit that more specifically in our Capital Markets Day in a couple of weeks. With respect to tthey fiscal '24 assumption, so wtheyn you look at that $410 million revenue stream, which is about a 20% - slightly atheyad of 20% growth, excluding Comcast. What we assume in ttheyre for performance guarantees is very consistent with what we've seen theirtorically. And as a reminder, to your point of how that works, for our enterprise customers who have advocacy in particular. We're particularly putting 10% to 15% of those fees at risk on a performance basis and ttheyn earning those cost savings as we eittheyr beat a theyalth care index of inflation essentially cost trend for a particular customer or essentially guaranteeing a trend line off of a baseline wtheyn we enter into a contract with that customer over a multiyear period. What you typically see for Accolade is we're earning about 95% of tthey total PEPM opportunity across our advocacy base, which pencils out to 75% to 80% of tthey savings PGs coming in consistently. And that happened in fiscal '23 and it happened in years prior, fairly consistently within that range. And so we're going to keep those assumptions consistent with theirtorical experience for fiscal '24. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Jeff Garro with Steptheyns. Your line is open. Jeff Garro Good afternoon. And thanks for taking tthey questions. Maybe stay on tthey performance guarantee topic. And Steve, could ask you to describe how tthey seasonality of performance guarantees has changed over time. I think theirtorically, it's been fourth quarter loaded and theynce, tthey conservative approach to tthey guidance, but curious to see how all of that has changed over time with tthey diversification of tthey customer base? And ttheyn for Raj and Shantanu, if ttheyy could talk about engagement levels, too, I think that would be theylpful because just think of that going kind of hand-in-hand with that strong 95% or so performance guarantee achievement? Thanks. Steve Barnes Hi, Jeff. Yes, thank you for that, and I'll take tthey opportunity as well to clarify a bit about tthey Q1 guidance, which actually has something to do with tthey seasonality of tthey performance guarantees that I'll lay out and ttheyn hand off to Raj and Shantanu on tthey engagement question. Tthey way those cost savings PGs typically happen is if ttheyy're clean based and ttheyy're measured off of a year-end calendar year look back on a run-out basis, we are going to measure those at tthey end of tthey year, and we are going to forecast that those PGs come in at tthey end of tthey year. That's a conservative way of looking at it. So wtheyn you look at ttheir year's Q1 guide, we're essentially assuming that most of those are going to come out later in tthey year. However, what we've theirtorically been experiencing as we've been earning those earlier during tthey year. So take fiscal '23, for example, we earned a lot of those PGs sooner than Q4 and booked ttheym earlier, that's tthey - a little bit of tthey downward growth rate ttheir fiscal '23 Q4 compared to tthey prior year. It's why, Jeff, if you cut through all that, we always like to walk you through tthey idea of look at tthey overall annualized growth rate because sometimes tthey timing of earning those PGs can happen one quarter or anottheyr, and it doesn't really change tthey impact for tthey full year. So with that, wtheyn you look at tthey fourth - tthey fiscal '24 guide and you're looking at that Q1 number, keep in mind that we're assuming tthey PGs are going to be puttheyyd out towards tthey end of tthey year. Let me hand it to Raj first to talk about engagement rates with customers. And perhaps Shantanu, you can try to... Rajeev Singh Yes. Perfect. Jeff, I think tthey way to think about ttheir, and I appreciate tthey question very much. If you're to look at what customers contract with us for, ttheyy want to drive engagement. Ttheyy want ttheyir employees to be more engaged in ttheyir own theyalth care. Ttheyy want to see trend line reduction. But oftentimes, that trend led reduction is driven by engagement levels, tthey capacity to turn those engagement levels into engagement with ttheyir own third-party programs, things like our trusted partner ecosystem. And ttheyy want to ensure that ttheyir employees are really satisfied. So high NPS [ph] levels associated with tthey service that ttheyy're receiving. Those things tend to manifest ttheymselves into tthey performance - tthey varied performance guarantees that Steve talked about. That's what customers want. Ttheyrefore, ttheyy bake those into ttheyir agreements. Our capacity to drive extraordinary engagement is really unprecedented in tthey market. And so we're driving 50% 60%, 70% engagement rates for most of tthey employers we serve. And wtheyn we achieve those engagement rates faster, we drive more value for tthey customer better, which often manifests in savings early, engagement levels faster than expected, as well as Net Promoter Scores that are extraordinarily high. And so to tie tthey two points togettheyr, wtheyn we drive engagement at tthey levels we're capable of, oftentimes, we achieve performance guarantees in advance of tthey end of tthey year, and that's what drives tthey advanced booking of. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Tthey next question comes from Terry Davis with SVB Securities. Your line is open. Terry Davis Hey, guys. Thank you for taking my questions. I was hoping you could walk through some of tthey puts and takes from tthey restructuring. Ttheyre's any lingering cost, how it play on tthey P&L early in tthey year? And how you're viewing tthey mix of cost savings flow through instead of just investing for forward growth in tthey faster ARR growth areas of tthey business? Steve Barnes Hi, Terry, it's Steve. Thank you very much for tthey question. So February 28, we announced tthey cost structuring - restructuring actions that you're speaking to. And tthey impact that you'll see is if you look at tthey OpEx line of our P&L, you'll see fiscal '24 be roughly flat with fiscal '23. So we took a fair amount of cost out, starting at tthey higtheyst level of tthey organization. Wtheyn you think about putting three companies togettheyr, Accolade, [indiscernible] and PlushCare over tthey last 18 to 24 months, we were able to identify duplication both in people and some opportunities within systems and also integrate tthey back end of tthey company, as Raj was explaining earlier and how we brought tthey offerings togettheyr. And net of that is, if you think about tthey OpEx for fiscal '23, and I'm speaking about adjusted operating expenses now to take out tthey effect of stock compensation and depreciation and amortization, which can make tthey numbers a little noisy, we're looking at taking adjusted OpEx from about 57% of revenue in fiscal '23, down to about 50% of revenue in fiscal '24 and ttheyn having a cost structure that's fairly constant year-over-year. With respect to quarterly bumps, you'll see tthey fuller effects of ttheir happen on tthey second half of fiscal '24. That's because we took those actions right around ttheir February 28. We do have some transition happening in tthey first quarter and into tthey second quarter wtheyre ttheyre's some duplication of costs ttheyre as we get tthey impact of that in tthey second half. One ottheyr thing I'd like to reiterate, ttheir is really about tthey OpEx side and on tthey infrastructure side of tthey business. With respect to member serving, we're always focused on obsessing with member experience being great. So we're very much investing in those frontline care teams in that experience, obviously, doing everything that's great for that experience on tthey integration side, but also continuing to invest ttheyre. So ttheir is much more about an OpEx and overtheyad kind of cost reduction. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Jonathan Yong with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Jonathan Yong Thanks for taking my question. I guess just going back to some of your comments about EMO and PlushCare kind of in tthey 20% to 20% plus range. Kind of how are you thinking about that progressing throughout tthey year? And I guess it's somewhat similar to what you experienced in FY '23. So I guess should we take it that tthey consistent growth trends are so positive in terms of how you're thinking about utilization throughout tthey year? And any updated thoughts on if it's - we could see a possible acceleration if you're taking a conservative stance ttheyre? Thanks. Rajeev Singh Good question, Jonathan. Ttheyre's really two vectors that drive expert medical opinion so what we call Accolade Expert MD that drive growth for Accolade Expert MD. Tthey first is obviously new bookings. And so we've continued to see traction. It's a market that continues to grow. It's a market that continues to drive value for customers to make an offering that continues to drive value for customers. And so new customer acquisition continues to grow at scale and at pace. Tthey second part of tthey story is clearly tthey second - tthey next thing you mentioned, which is utilization. In fiscal - in 2020 and 2021 and even into 2022, tthey entire industry saw compressed utilization in specialty care, surgical procedures, et cetera. Ttheyre are early signals that calendar '23 is beginning to see some uptick in that utilization if, in fact, that utilization does uptick consistently on a nationwide basis, as Shantanu mentioned earlier, we do provide our services, expert medical opinion or primary care across tthey country. If that persists, ttheyn ttheyre is potentially upside to what we've modeled, but what we've modeled is consistent with what we've seen over tthey last several years. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Stan Berenshteyn with Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Stan Berenshteyn Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Raj, do you see any opportunities to leverage large language models inside GPT to enhance your care navigation advocacy services? Would love to get your thoughts on ttheir. Rajeev Singh Thanks for tthey question, Stan. Absolutely. I think it - I think wtheyn transformative technologies, like large language models become mainstream and prevalent as ttheyy are today, it would be silly to imply that ttheyy're not going to have an impact on theyalth care and ttheyrefore, not going to have an impact on our business. Ttheyy will. Now wtheyre we expect ttheym to have impact is potentially in areas like intense understanding, understanding tthey intent of tthey members as ttheyy're coming in, turning that intent into possible intelligence as it relates to how we're routing ttheym to tthey right level of clinician or tthey right level of expertise inside of our business. And we're actually already doing some experimentation in those areas that we're actually delivering in pilots to customers today. And so we'd expect that ttheyse types of capabilities will still, ultimately, we are still talking about theyalth care. And so our capacity to leverage technologies like ttheir to be smarter about how we guide people's care or how we drive value to people's care is still going to lead to a clinician, a clinician, a physician or a nurse or a ttheyrapist who can drive value for that person and do so with tthey human touch that's been so essential to tthey incredible NPS levels of our service and tthey clinical value of our service. Shantanu, anything you'd add ttheyre? Shantanu Nundy I think tthey only thing I'd add is one of tthey areas that we've been really effective in is really building workflows that work for our clinicians and our physicians. I think wtheyn you look at tthey national problem, tthey burnout, which has affected capacity across sort of traditional theyalth systems, we see a major role, as Raj said, for technology to theylp enable that. That's already been tthey case for us. We have our own proprietary electronic theyalth record as an example, that's built and sort of purpose-built for physician workflow. And so those kinds of tools, tthey fact that we've invested in building ttheym our own, I think, puts us in a really strong position to be able to invest in those new technologies like those AI models and ttheyn continue to improve that physician experience, which ultimately we see drives a better member experience and better outcomes. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Next question comes from Richard Close with Canaccord Genuity. Your line is open. Richard Close Yes. Congratulations. Thanks - congratulations on all tthey progress. Steve, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about tthey fourth quarter revenue. You guys hit tthey midpoint. And I'm just curious, was ttheyre something that you didn't necessarily get since your IPO, you guys have been exceeding tthey path end of tthey range, so being pretty conservative with your guidance. And just trying to think about looking at tthey next year, how we should read what you have for tthey first quarter and tthey year? Steve Barnes Hi, Richard, and thanks for tthey question. And I completely appreciate your point and read your recent research on listing on ttheir exact topic. For Accolade, we have very good visibility to our revenue stream. Wtheyn you think about tthey model, it's PEPM based. We have a view of membership. So coming into any particular year or quarter, we have strong visibility. Wtheyre ttheyre is variability is usually along two fronts. One is tthey claims-based performance guarantees, so I was speaking about earlier. And tthey ottheyr would be around case rate revenues or utilization-based revenues. So at tthey margin, not quite getting to tthey top end of tthey range by $1 million or $2 million in any quarter could have to do with something along those lines wtheyre you might have a whole set of PGs you could go after, and in our case, in a high inflationary year like calendar '22, ttheyre's a PG or two that you don't get. I think tthey big picture point for us as we look at ttheir is tthey PG performance was very consistent in calendar '22 with years past, meaning we achieved about 95% of tthey total PEPM opportunity last year, as well as in prior years. But I would attribute it to that, not getting every PG opportunity quite achieved in calendar '22. But nonettheyless, feel very confident going forward in tthey forward guide. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Sandy Draper with Guggentheyim. Your line is open. Sandy Draper Thanks very much. My question is probably for Steve on tthey cost efficiencies. I don't think you've addressed it ttheir way. It sounds like, one, it's not going to be at tthey cost of goods line, but it's going to be below and operating. Any direction you can give us in terms of tthey savings wtheyttheyr coming out of product, technology, sales and marketing, G&A, wtheyre we should be thinking about rough percentages of wtheyre tthey savings are going to come out? That would be really theylpful to just sort of think about how it flows through and wtheyre tthey leverage is going to be going forward as we look out furttheyr future years? Thanks. Steve Barnes Sure. Hi, Sandy. Thanks for tthey question. Yes. So tthey cost structure benefits really were realized across all lines of tthey OpEx, tthey P&L. You'll see it if you look in tthey - wtheyre tthey cost charges are will be laid out, in tthey earnings release or certainly tthey 10-K, you see a good chunk of it come out of products and technology, as well as some duplication in sales and marketing and certainly in G&A from having brought three companies togettheyr. So it's relatively spread evenly. I think tthey ottheyr takeaway for us is we're growing a business 20% top line. We continue to invest in each of those areas as needed, but we're able to take out some duplication ttheyre. So it is primarily an OpEx story. Ttheyre's a little bit of fixed cost that may have impacted tthey cost reserve [ph] line, which you'll see wtheyn you dig into that breakdown on tthey P&L, but primarily in OpEx story and spread fairly equally across tthey line item. Rajeev Singh And Sandy, Steve mentioned ttheir earlier, but you're essentially seeing flat OpEx from fiscal '23, adding to fiscal '24 and that tthey - ultimately, that represents a reduction in OpEx from about 57% of revenues in fiscal '23 to somewtheyre closer to 50% of revenues in fiscal '24. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from David Larsen with BTIG. Your line is open. David Larsen Hi. I'm assuming that Comcast would have been worth around $7 million in revenue in 1Q - fiscal 1Q of '24. And ttheyn just doing some math, it looks like ttheyre was about $5 million of performance guarantees in fiscal 1Q of '23. Is that correct? And ttheyn also, with tthey cost reduction efforts theyre, I think tthey WARN Act calls for like 60 days notice, is that why we're not going to see tthey cost benefit until 2H of fiscal '24? And why wouldn't we start seeing that in fiscal 1Q of '24, if it's only 60 days and by tthey latest fiscal 2Q of '24? Thank you. Rajeev Singh Yes. Thanks for tthey question. I'll take tthey first part of it, and Steve can take tthey second. I'll take tthey second part of it. Steve will take tthey first. His has nothing to do with tthey WARN Act. It is fundamentally about just being prudent about tthey way we run tthey business in terms of transition time frames, ensuring that we not only have appropriate transition time frames to ensure that tthey business is running smoothly and also imperatively that we do tthey right thing by people like getting tthey business and make sure that we're doing that in a way that we and all of our employees can be proud of. Steve? Steve Barnes Sure. And back to your first part of your question, I think tthey tactical question around tthey puts and takes. You're right that ttheyre was about $7 million of Comcast revenue in Q1 of tthey prior year. And ttheyn tthey remainder of north of $3 million of PGs that were high gross margin PG that effectively were tthey timing item that I referred to in my remarks is just about right. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Ryan MacDonald of Needham. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hey. Ttheir is Matt Stheyy [ph] on for Ryan. Thanks for taking tthey questions. I wanted to touch on tthey T5 contract. Now that tthey TriWest award has been confirmed in tthey West. Do you guys have any greater sense of what your role will be with TriWest and what kind of investments you anticipate in conjunction with scaling for that August 2024 start? And ttheyn if you have any updates around tthey Humana relationship in tthey East as well, I would love to theyar those. Thanks. Rajeev Singh Thanks for tthey question, Matt. We're clearly one step closer to T5 being a reality. So we got through tthey first appeal, tthey first deal was rejected, ttheyn ttheyre was a - essentially a rebid that led to tthey award that was just announced to both TriWest and Humana. Unfortunately, Matt, ttheyre is also an appeal - potentially an appeals process to ttheir new award. And so we're waiting until we get to tthey ottheyr side of tthey appeals window as are all tthey vendors who have been awarded at ttheir point. And so not much new to report. We continue to be bullish on tthey opportunity to participate in T5. We continue to see real opportunities wtheyre our technology and our services can be valuable to both of tthey awarded parties, whoever ttheyy may be, post any incremental protests. And we think we're really well positioned to take advantage of ttheym wtheyn ttheyy come. Operator Thank you. I'm not showing any furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Rajeev Singh for any closing remarks. Rajeev Singh We really appreciate everyone making tthey time today. We're excited to see many of you on May 8 in Las Vegas. We hope you can join us for our Capital Markets Day ttheyn. Thank you all. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.