ACCO Brands Corporation (NYSE:ACCO) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call February 16, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Timothy Hanneman - Senior Director of Investor Relations Boris Elisman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Neal Fenwick - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Chris McGinnis - Sidoti & Company Joe Gomes - NOBLE Capital Kevin Steinke - Barrington Research Oliver Grossmann - Jefferies Hamed Khorsand - BWS Financial Disclaimer*: Ttheir transcript is designed to be used alongside tthey freely available audio recording on ttheir page. Timestamps within tthey transcript are designed to theylp you navigate tthey audio should tthey corresponding text be unclear. Tthey machine-assisted output provided is partly edited and is designed as a guide. Timothy Hanneman 00:06 Good morning. Ttheir is Timothy Hanneman, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Welcome to ACCO Brands Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Conference Call. Speaking on tthey call today are Boris Elisman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACCO Brands Corporation; and Neal Fenwick, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 00:27 Slides that accompany ttheir call have been posted to tthey Investor Relations section of accobrands.com. Wtheyn speaking about our results, we may refer to adjusted results. Adjusted results exclude transaction, integration, amortization and restructuring costs and ottheyr nonrecurring items, including tthey change in fair value of tthey contingent consideration related to tthey PowerA earn out and reflect an adjusted tax rate. Sctheydules of adjusted results and ottheyr non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of ttheyse measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are in tthey earnings release and slides that accompany ttheir call. Due to tthey intheyrent difficulty in forecasting and quantifying certain amounts we do not reconcile our forward-looking non-GAAP measures. 01:16 Forward-looking statements made during tthey call, including statements concerning tthey impacts of tthey COVID-19 pandemic on tthey company are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of management based on information available to us at tthey time tthey statements are made. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and our actual results could differ materially, please refer to our earnings release and SEC filings for an explanation of certain of ttheyse risk factors and assumptions. Our forward-looking statements are made as of today and we assume no obligation to update ttheym going forward. Following our prepared remarks, we will hold a Q&A session. 01:57 Now, I will turn tthey call over to Boris Elisman. Boris Elisman 02:01 Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. We had a very strong 2021, highlighted by record sales, growing market shares, expanded operating margins, improved free cash flow and lower leverage at tthey end of tthey year. Tthey PowerA acquisition added 15% to last year's sales on top of 5% growth in comparable sales. 02:26 2021 was not an easy year for product companies, with high inflation, supply chain issues, semiconductor shortages and COVID complications. Despite those challenges, our team has delivered an excellent year and deserves a lot of credit for its hard work and resilience. I'm very proud of our results. Our business has pivoted to having more sales from consumer and technology products and now, almost 60% of our sales come from ttheyse faster-growing categories. We have good momentum going into 2022 and we expect sales, profit and free cash flow growth to continue. 03:12 Let me review a few highlights from last year, ttheyn Neil will take you through all tthey numbers. I will join them afterwards to take your questions. Our 2021 highlights begin with PowerA. Ttheyy had a terrific year, growing pro forma sales approximately 22%, including 10% in tthey fourth quarter and increasing market share in console gaming accessories in tthey US. Tthey sales growth exceeded our initial expectations. It was even more impressive in a year of gaming console shortages that hurt overall industry sales, especially in tthey second half. I'm very pleased with PowerA’s results and expect its profitable growth to continue. 04:03 Equally impressive is EMEA with 15% comparable sales growth in 2021. We expanded product and channel portfolios and leveraged our strong brands to grow sales and take market share, especially with at-home products and in online channels. Not only were last year's EMEA sales substantially higtheyr than in 2020, ttheyy were also higtheyr than in pre-COVID 2019. North America comparable sales grew 2%, but ttheir theyadline number has higtheyr underlying growth in tthey business wtheyn you consider a large Kensington deal that benefited tthey US in 2020 and did not repeat in 2021. Without it, North America 2021 comparable sales grew 7%. 05:00 North America had a great back-to-school performance, ttheyy get share with Five Star products and finittheyyd tthey year on a high note with 13% fourth quarter comparable sales growth. Furttheyrmore, including PowerA and with cost reduction initiatives, and price increases North America expanded its adjusted operating margin to 120 basis points during tthey year. 05:27 On tthey product side, in addition to strong PowerA sales growth we had double-digit growth in shredding, stapling products, air purifiers, art products and note taking. Tthey 5% comparable sales growth for our total business was higtheyr than our expected long-term sales growth of 2% to 4% due to tthey economic recovery. On tthey channel side, we continued our diversification initiatives and investments in growing channels. Our 2021 growth was led by retail and e-tail, theylped by PowerA. We also saw good growth in independent dealers and wholesalers. 06:11 Walmart was our largest customer with almost 10% of global sales. Amazon was second, with 9%. I'm very pleased with tthey work our sales and marketing teams have done in transforming our channel landscape to faster growth and theyalthy margins. Our company enters 2022 in excellent shape and with strong momentum. We expect to have anottheyr year of record sales, strong profit and free cash flow growth and winning marketplace performance. 06:44 Before I hand it over to Neal, I want to make a few comments about our announcement that Neal plans to retire later ttheir year. I want to publicly thank Neal for their 37 years with ACCO Brands, including 17 as our CFO. He has been instrumental in our transformation to a faster growing consumer and technology-oriented company and successfully navigating us through tthey 2 most recent recession, both of theirtoric proportions. He's been a great CFO for our company and a wise counsel and friend to me. We're going to miss them. Neal will continue in their current role until their successor is named and will theylp us with tthey smooth transition afterwards. 07:30 With that, I will now hand tthey call over to Neal and I'll come back to answer your questions. Neal? Neal Fenwick 07:37 Thank you, Boris for your kind words. And good morning, everyone. Most of my comments will refer to our full year results. Our 2021 reported net sales increased 22% to $2.03 billion, largely due to tthey contribution from PowerA, which had sales of $257 million. Our comparable sales rose 5% as we had higtheyr pricing and improved volume in most markets. Foreign exchange added 2%. Full year net income was $102 million or $1.05 per share. Adjusted net income was $137 million and adjusted EPS was $1.41, a $0.46 improvement versus prior year. 08:30 PowerA contributed $0.28, while tthey comparable business added $0.18. Ttheir included a $0.03 adverse impact from a higtheyr tax rate and $0.01 negative impact from our higtheyr share count in 2021. Tthey quarterly cadence of tthey year was uneven. Our first quarter of 2021 still reflected COVID-19 declined as compared with tthey first quarter of 2020, which did not. Our business steadily improved in tthey subsequent quarters with comparison sales growth of 5% for tthey full year, but 11% for tthey last 3 quarters. 09:11 Foreign exchange was favorable for tthey first 3 quarters, but turned adverse in tthey fourth quarter. Even with tthey supply chain pressures, we were able to successfully increase our adjusted gross margin by 80 basis points for tthey year to 13.5%. Tthey increase was largely tthey result of our focus on cost reductions and also lower inventory charges. Tthey benefit of our sales price increases did not fully offset our cost increases, because we are chasing continually rising costs. 09:45 SG&A expenses was $393 million compared to $336 million in 2020. Results in 2020 benefited from many pandemic related temporary cost reduction efforts that impacted both SG&A and cost of goods sold. 2021 expenses are at a normal level for our company and also reflect tthey addition of PowerA. SG&A expense as a percentage of sales was 19.4%, below 2020s 20.3% due to higtheyr sales. Reported operating income was $151 million compared to $112 million last year and reported operating margin was almost 8%, 1 percentage point better than 2020 due to tthey improved gross margin and reduced SG&A margin. 10:41 Tthey PowerA earn-out is payable in 2 equal instalments in March of 2022 and 2023 if certain sales and profit targets on met. Each quarter we recognize any change in tthey fair value of tthey earn-out as an expense in our income statement. For 2021 PowerA exceeded its sales target and achieved 100% of tthey earn-out associated with those criteria. But due to higtheyr costs for products and freight it achieved less than 100% of tthey earn-out associated with tthey profit based criteria. Our fourth quarter reflects tthey true-up of tthey earn out based on PowerA’s actual performance. 11:26 In 2021 PowerA contributed $50 million to operating income after $19 million related to tthey earn-out, $15 million of amortization related to tthey acquisition and $6 million of inventory and transaction costs. For 2022 we expect quarterly charges throughout tthey remainder of tthey earn out period for both sales and profit earn out metrics. 11:51 Turning now to taxes. Our GAAP taxes reflected a $15 million benefit from a reversal of a valuation allowance related to our ability to utilize foreign sourced income. Ttheir beneficial change reduced both tthey GAAP and adjusted tax rates. Tthey significantly larger fourth quarter earnings also altered tthey geographic mix of earnings and specific rates applied to adjusting items, which led to our adjusted tax rate being 29% for tthey full year. Ttheir change in adjusted tax rate accounted for $0.03 of our EPS improvement versus previous guidance for tthey year. We anticipate that for tthey full year 2022 we will have a similar adjusted tax rate of approximately 29%. 12:41 Now let's turn to some details of our segment results for tthey year. Net sales in North America increased 27% to $1.04 billion, largely due to tthey $200 million contribution from PowerA. Comparable sales rose 2% primarily from higtheyr prices and volume recovery from schools and offices reopening. During tthey year, we had a solid back-to-school season and saw some recovery in commercial sales starting in tthey second quarter. Our sales to tthey technology channel declined as we shipped to very large order in 2020 that did not repeat in 2021. North America adjusted operating income and margin increased because of PowerA, long-term cost reductions and lower inventory charges, particularly offset by higtheyr SG&A costs, reflected normalized expenses and PowerA. 13:39 Now let's turn to EMEA. Net sales rose 27% to $663 million and comparable sales rose 15% to $603 million, which are both above 2019 pre-COVID level. Tthey strong increases were tthey result of a general economic recovery, as well as market share gains and a benefit of approximately $13 million from tthey addition of tthey Franklin product line. We have now seen 6 consecutive quarters of strong business improvement in EMEA. EMEA posted a higtheyr operating profit for tthey year, but lower gross and operating margins due to tthey lag in realizing tthey benefit of price increases. EMEA increased prices last October and has announced additional price increases in 2022 to offset inflation. 14:32 Moving to tthey International segment, net sales increased 4% due to price increases, PowerA and favorable foreign exchange. Comparable sales decreased 3% primarily because of lower volume related to COVID-19, especially in tthey first quarter, but which continued throughout tthey year in Latin America as schools largely remained closed for in-person education for most of tthey season. 14:59 Mexico and Brazil continue to be impacted tthey most by COVID-19, although we are seeing improvement as vaccination rates have increased, particularly in Brazil. Mexico essentially did not have a normal back-to-school season in 2021 and Brazil season shifted into tthey first quarter of 2022 instead of tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Schools began reopening in Mexico in January and most have now or will reopen in February in both Mexico and Brazil. As a result, we are seeing improved demand in Latin America in tthey first quarter. 15:34 Our business in Australia posted higtheyr sales from increases in both price and volume. However, sales were impacted by a difficult first quarter comparison and certain out of stocks due to supply chain disruptions. Tthey international segment posted a higtheyr operating profit due to lower reserves for bad debts and inventory, higtheyr sales prices, cost reductions and PowerA. Ttheir was partially offset by higtheyr expenses as tthey prior year benefited from many pandemic related short-term cost reduction measures, which included $4 million in higtheyr government assistance. 16:11 Now let's move on to our balance ttheyyet and cash flow. For tthey full year, we generated $160 million in net cash from operating activities and had $138 million of free cash flow. We paid dividends of $26 million and CapEx was $21 million. We achieved our free cash flow target. Ttheir resulted in a year-end net leverage ratio of 3.3 times, which is lower than it was at tthey time we acquired PowerA and demonstrates our ability to rapidly delever after acquisition. We were pleased with tthey 39% increase in our EBITDA to $292 million, which represented 170 basis points improvement in our adjusted EBITDA to sales ratio. 17:00 At year end, we had almost $600 million revolving credit facility available, we reduced debt to $131 million in 2021. We ended 2021 with high levels of both inventory and payables, driven by supply chain disruptions and inflation. A larger amount of goods in transit due to extended shipping times accounted for approximately $40 million of tthey inventory and payables increase. Tthey remaining inventory increase was due to adding inventory to maintain customer service levels and cost inflation. 17:36 Now let's turn to our outlook. We expect demand to continue to improve in 2022 as more offices and schools are in physical use, at least in hybrid mode and world economies continue to recover from COVID-19. We are continuing to increase pricing to catch up and offset cumulative inflationary cost increases and we will drive additional productivity gains. Ttheyrefore we anticipate an additional 50 basis points to 100 basis points gross margin improvement in 2022. We remain committed to returning our longer-term gross margin to $0.33 level, but due to both tthey increasing cost environment and tthey magnitude of inflation it will take us more than 1 year to achieve that annual goal. 18:26 We expect foreign exchange to be a theyadwind in 2022. For tthey full year our outlook is for sales growth in a range of 1% to 6%, including a 1% negative impact from foreign exchange. Full year adjusted EPS is expected to be in tthey range of $1.48 to a $1.58, including a $0.02 adverse impact from foreign exchange. Tthey adjusted effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 29%. We will continue to theylp margins by our continuous productivity programs and expect to again deliver approximately $30 million in full year expense savings. A large part of our annual savings comes from tthey full-year benefit of projects executed during tthey preceding year. 19:17 Intangibles amortization for tthey full year is estimated to be $43 million, which equates to approximately $0.31 of adjusted EPS. We expect our free cash flow to be at least $165 million, cash from operations of at least $190 million and CapEx of $25 million. For 2022, we expect to return to a theirtorically more balanced capital allocation that will include dividends, debt reduction and opportunistic repurchases of our shares. We have $125 million remaining on our stock repurchase authorization. We expect to finish tthey year with a net leverage ratio of less than 3 times. We maintain significant revolver availability and good relations with our banks to support acquisitions should any rise in 2022. We are returning to an annual guidance and will not be continuing with quarterly guidance. However, for tthey first quarter, we are providing an outlook as our first quarter is small and we expect significant impact from inflation, foreign exchange and prior-year comparisons. 20:27 You may recall that in tthey first quarter of 2021 PowerA posted 100% sales growth, and we don't expect that first quarter volume level to repeat. In tthey first quarter, we expect a sales increase of 2.5%, which includes 2.5% impact of adverse foreign exchange. Adjusted EPS is expected to be between $0.06 and $0.10 with a negligible impact from foreign exchange. 20:56 Now let's move on to Q&A wtheyre Boris and I will be happy to take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator 21:05 Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We take our first question from Chris McGinnis from Sidoti. Please go atheyad. Chris McGinnis 21:31 Good morning, Boris, Neal and Timothy. Thanks and congratulations on tthey strong quarter. Neal, also congrats on tthey retirement and thanks again for all tthey theylp and support over tthey years. Wish you tthey best in your retirement. Neal Fenwick 21:46 Thank you, Chris. Chris McGinnis 21:47 First question just around PowerA results and how much has PowerA been impacted by tthey chip shortage? And what's your expectation for growth in 2022? Thanks. Boris Elisman 21:59 Thanks, Chris. Like ottheyrs in tthey industry, certainly PowerA has been impacted by lack of console product availability. Our teams have done a great job securing inventory for our products, but overall demand was hurt by tthey fact that ttheyre weren't enough Xboxes and PlayStations and Nintendo is out ttheyre selling, especially in tthey second half and especially during tthey strongest time of tthey year, which is tthey holiday -- which is tthey holiday season. Despite that PowerA grew 22% which is much higtheyr than our initial anticipated rate of growth, that included 10% growth in tthey fourth quarter. So we executed really well, but certainly, sales would have been even better, had ttheyre been more consoles out ttheyre. 22:55 If we look at next year, we are expecting PowerA to return to trend growth, it's theirtorical – not its theirtorical trend growth, but really tthey industry theirtorical trend growth. So we are expecting sales in tthey 10% to 13% range for 2022. Hopefully we'll do better, hopefully ttheyre'll be more consoles out ttheyre, but that's our initial expectation. Chris McGinnis 23:19 Great. Thanks for that Boris. And ttheyn, it's nice to see that North America rebound in Q4. Can you just talk about tthey difference between tthey performance in North America and EMEA? And maybe just outside of restrictions and mandates, are you doing anything different in EMEA that is driving tthey continued growth from that region? Thanks. Boris Elisman 23:44 Thanks, Chris. Tthey businesses are a little bit different between North America and EMEA. North America is much more consumer and school driven. A significantly larger percentage of our sales in North America go to those types of customers. EMEA is more commercially driven and EMEA has additional growth vectors outside of North America, such as DIY tools, which is almost a $60 million business in EMEA, and that has grown nicely over tthey last few years. So tthey businesses are slightly different. Outside of that, EMEA has obviously 27 different countries with different puts and takes what drives tthey business in most countries. North America is a large homogeneous market with fairly concentrated channels. So, tthey dynamics of tthey market -- tthey markets are different. 24:47 Our EMEA team has done a terrific job last year, and actually in tthey year before as well. Certainly with a 15% comparable sales growth we took significant share and really taking advantage of tthey fact that we have a lot of feet on tthey ground in EMEA addressing customer needs. We have a broad product assortment. We have many growth vectors and were very quick in EMEA to pivot to home office and work-from-home environment and really drove sales into that particular environment very well. So we did a tremendous job of 15% sales growth, I think speaks for itself. 25:33 In North America, as I mentioned, is much more consumer and back-to-school driven and as such, its sales in ‘21 were affected by tthey back to school dynamics. If you remember, ttheyre were a lot of inventory that was in tthey channel from 2020 and that affected our ability to sell in. Tthey sell-out was good. We took share, but certainly due to inventory in tthey channel, tthey sales were affected. And you saw North America rebound nicely in Q4 with 13% comparable sales growth as schools were fully in session in North America and more people working in a hybrid mode, more people were returning to tthey office in ’21, ttheyy didn’t in ‘20. 26:21 So tthey environments are different, but both regions have done a tremendous job and we're really happy with tthey performance. Chris McGinnis 26:29 I'm going to jump back in queue, but thanks for taking my questions and good luck in Q1. Boris Elisman 26:35 Thanks, Chris. Operator 26:39 Tthey next question comes from Brad Thomas from KeyBanc. Please go atheyad. Q –Unidentified Participant 26:44 Good morning, everyone. Ttheir is Jim on for Brad. First I wanted to congratulate Neal and wish them all tthey best in their upcoming retirement. So to start, I was hoping we could just get a little bit more color on tthey sales outlook by segment. You noted a 1% to 6% sales increase targeted for 2022. But I was hoping you could give a little bit more color as to what you're thinking about sales in international, North America and EMEA? Boris Elisman 27:17 Sure, Jim. So for North America, we're guiding to roughly 3% and 5% sales growth. For EMEA, it'd be 1% to 3% and for international 5% to 10% sales growth for next year. And that's -- wtheyn I'm giving you sales growth for that segment it's all in including all products and FX effects everything. Unidentified Participant 27:50 Great. Thank you. And ttheyn -- so you mentioned that you're expecting to take price in EMEA next year. And I was wondering if you have similar plans to do so in North America and international? And ttheyn kind of on a similar note, I was wondering if you could provide some color as to any elasticity you're seeing from a demand perspective to those price increases? Boris Elisman 28:14 Yeah. As I mentioned in my previous answer, tthey environments are different in all tthey different countries. In North America, we took for price increases in 2021. So by tthey end of tthey year we're pretty much caught up with inflation, even though for tthey whole year we didn't in North America, by tthey end of tthey year we're pretty much ttheyre. So ttheyre are minor tweaks we still need to do in North America in ’22, but we're in decent shape ttheyre. 28:45 In EMEA, because we are mostly selling to commercial customers who have catalog cycles, we are more limited to wtheyn we can take a price increase. So in EMEA, we did a price increase in Q3 and that wasn't enough to offset tthey impact of tthey inflation that we are continuing to see. So in EMEA, we're doing anottheyr very significant price increase in April of ttheir year, April of 2002. And hopefully that will catch us up. 29:18And ttheyn international is also almost like North America. We do -- we get multiple price increases last year in international to position us to offset inflation. So we're in pretty good shape ttheyre. In all tthey regions though we got to do whatever is necessary to make sure that we stay atheyad of tthey inflation. So if we need to do more in all 3 in tthey remainder of 2022, we're prepared to do that. Unidentified Participant 29:49 Got it, got it. And ttheyn if I could just squeeze in one more quick question. So I imagine you're still targeting a bit of more debt pay down despite leverage being lower than before tthey PowerA acquisition. But I was wondering if you could provide some color as to your capacity to complete a potential -- anottheyr acquisition, both financially and in terms of management's bandwidth to complete an acquisition and integrate it. Neal Fenwick 30:18 Sure. I'll take that one. We have a significant revolver capacity and we have very, very good relationships with all of our banks. And so, in tthey event that we needed to eittheyr barrow more money that exceeded our revolver capacity, that will be relatively simple task to get. So that is not a barrier to us being able to make acquisitions at all. And from a management bandwidth perspective, PowerA acquisition is pretty much behind us. I mean ttheyre is some work that continues, it really focus more on PowerA team. But as far as our overall ability to make additional acquisitions that should not be an issue. Unidentified Participant 31:04 Great. Thanks and best of luck throughout tthey rest of tthey year. Boris Elisman 31:10 Thank you, Jim. Operator 31:14 Tthey next question comes from Joe Gomes from NOBLE Capital. Please go atheyad. Joe Gomes 31:22 Good morning. Let me also add my congratulations to Neal and for tthey strong quarter. Neal Fenwick 31:29 Good morning, Joe. Thank you. Joe Gomes 31:32 So in tthey -- quick question theyre. In tthey third quarter you had talked about tthey Delta variant kind of muted demand for some of tthey commercial products unless back to school, and ttheyn we got into tthey Omicron theyre in tthey fourth quarter wtheyre you guys really knocked tthey ball out of tthey park. I was just wondering, it seems like tthey Omicron really didn't have any impact or maybe you can kind of give a little color detail if it did things actually should even better that would be appreciated. Boris Elisman 32:06 We saw a little bit of an impact in tthey last 2 weeks of December, but it was kind of too late to affect sales. So from our ability to sell and ship, it didn't really have an effect on our Q4. And at tthey start of ttheir year, if I looked at January, we had a little bit of an effect just delaying office reopening’s. But also did not really have an impact on our ability to ship, sales were good in January and up versus a year ago. So we've managed it well, I give more credits to our team and our ability to manage it because certainly a lot of community spread ttheyre affected our people, but it didn’t really affect tthey business. Joe Gomes 32:52 Okay. Thanks for that. And Boris, you talked about new product pipeline. I was wondering if you might also give us some more details as to what kind of products you're looking to introduce in 2022? And maybe wtheyre and what geographies? Boris Elisman 33:13 Sure, Joe. So each year we introduced thousands of new SKUs to support our sales and to give our customers reason and consumers reasons to buy our products. 2022 is going to be no exception. We're going to have a whole new collection of products for back-to-school in our North America and international businesses. We're going to be introducing a new line of wellness products, both fortifying our air purifier, our TruSens air purifier line, as well as expanding outside of air purifiers to new products in wellness. We are constantly refreshing our Kensington products and introducing -- introducing new docking stations and new Apple accessories in Kensington. And ttheyn PowerA has -- constantly evolving collection of controllers and charging stations. So that we're going to be introducing as well. 34:21 So, I'm excited by tthey portfolio that we have and it's tthey fuel that drives our growth and I’m certainly excited that we will have more than enough to drive tthey sales growth that we forecasted for tthey year. Joe Gomes 34:38 Thanks for that. Boris. I'll get back in queue. Thank you. Boris Elisman 34:43 Thanks, Joe. Operator 34:46 Our next question comes from Kevin Steinke from Barrington Research. Please go atheyad. Kevin Steinke 34:52 Good morning. I wanted to ask about tthey revenue growth guidance for 2022 and tthey range you've given. Can you maybe touch on some of tthey factors that you're thinking about that would get you towards tthey higtheyr end versus lower end of that range? Boris Elisman 35:16 It's obviously very early in tthey year. Tthey guidance we gave is a pretty broad guidance of 1% to 6%. Obviously, if ttheyre is additional COVID variance that will impact tthey demand, if ttheyre is some kind of a geopolitical event that impacts demand, if ttheyre is interest rates go through tthey roof that will affect. Anything that impacts broad demand will obviously affect our sales growth to tthey detriment. And on tthey ottheyr hand, if businesses continue to reopen we have more people going to offices, we don't have major effects from new variants and able to manage increase in interest rates in a smooth manner. Kevin Steinke 36:11 For tthey consoles? Boris Elisman 36:13 Better semiconductor availability, better console availability, all of that should push us towards tthey higtheyr end of tthey range. And clearly as tthey year goes along, we'll be able to tune our guidance as we see what's happening. Kevin Steinke 36:30 Okay, great. As a follow-up, you mentioned Amazon up to 9% of your sales, what additional room is ttheyre for you in terms of penetration of Amazon and just tthey e-commerce channel in general? Boris Elisman 36:50 It's wide open, Kevin. Amazon is big and growing fast, but ttheyre still only 9% of our global sales, we still see tremendous opportunity to grow with Amazon, both in tthey US, but especially outside of tthey US, wtheyttheyr ttheyy are smaller and ttheyre's just more opportunity to grow. But besides Amazon, tthey e-commerce channel is growing very fast all over tthey world and we have ottheyr customers and ottheyr partners, especially in EMEA and international wtheyre ttheyy are doing terrific job, growing sales and taking share. So overall we think e-commerce represents a huge opportunity to grow for us. That's wtheyre tthey consumer is going and we certainly riding that wave. Kevin Steinke 37:39 Okay, great. Thank you. And Neal, let me add my best wittheyys for your upcoming retirement. I certainly enjoyed working with you throughout tthey years. Neal Fenwick 37:49 Thank you. Operator 37:53 Tthey next question comes from Oliver Grossmann from Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Oliver Grossmann 37:59 Good morning, and thanks for taking tthey questions. And congratulations to Neal. I just wanted to ask, on tthey last quarter you said in tthey back half of 2022 you should start seeing supply chain and commodity cost improvements. Are you still comfortable with that? And are you starting to see lead times come down or are ttheyy still elevated? Boris Elisman 38:21 Yes. Oliver. That's certainly our expectation at ttheir time. We don't think ttheyre'll be much improvement in tthey first half, but we are expecting to see improvement, both in supply chain and in semiconductor chip availability in tthey second half. It's not going to be perfect, but certainly should be better than what we saw in 2021 or expecting to see ttheir quarter. 38:47 As far as your second part of tthey question, we're not seeing improvements yet, things are not getting worse, ttheyy are not deteriorating, ttheyy are stable, but ttheyy're not improving yet from what we saw in Q4. Oliver Grossmann 39:04 Got it. Thanks. And ttheyn I think you mentioned 60% now of tthey portfolio comes from tthey consumer tech end markets. Should we expect that to come down a little as office and school are more normalized? Do you want to keep it elevated at that 60% range or do you have goals of making it higtheyr, just any more color ttheyre would be theylpful. Boris Elisman 39:28 Sure. No, we think over time that number is going to grow, because those categories are faster-growing categories with more consumer demand and those are tthey areas also we're focused in to differentiate, add value to invest. We think over time that 60% number will grow regardless of people going back to offices or not. Oliver Grossmann 39:56 Got it. Thanks. And ttheyn just if I could squeeze in one more. I appreciate tthey 3 turns leverage target by year-end, I think is 2 to 2.5 still tthey long-term range that you guys are looking for? Neal Fenwick 40:12 Yes that's correct. Oliver Grossmann 40:14 Okay. Thank you very much and congratulations again, Neal. Neal Fenwick 40:19 Thank you. Operator 40:22 Our next question comes from Hamed Khorsand from BWS Financial. Please go atheyad. Hamed Khorsand 40:28 Hey, good morning. First off, I just wanted to ask you on tthey commentary you provided on PowerA about expecting tthey trend growth of 10% to 13%, does that include your expectation of expanding sales into Europe in ’22. Boris Elisman 40:48 It does not include our expectations of broadening things to tthey legacy ACCO sales force, that's probably not going to happen until 2023. So it's natural sales growth that we're seeing in Europe overall for PowerA and for controls and charging stations. But without that incremental effort that we're going to launch probably in tthey middle of 2002, but will have an impact until 2023 which will allow us to leverage our broad footprint in Europe and gross sales incrementally. Hamed Khorsand 41:25 Okay. And my ottheyr question was, as you look into 2002 with channel inventory, how comfortable are you that you could actually sell in more or have your customers really push back into how much ttheyy want to carry? Boris Elisman 41:42 Our channel inventory is at a very good level. If anything, our customers right now want more products due to tthey supply chain issues, ttheyy would like to have more product and buffer stock and ttheyy want to have products sooner than ttheyy typically do for some of tthey core selling seasons of tthey year. So it's actually probably tthey ottheyr way around, it's not that ttheyy're pushing back on inventory, ttheyy're asking for more inventory to be shipped to ttheym sooner. Hamed Khorsand 42:11 Okay. Thank you and good luck, Neal. Neal Fenwick 42:14 Thank you very much Hamed. Operator 42:18 [Operator Instructions] We have anottheyr question from Chris McGinnis from Sidoti. Please go atheyad. Chris McGinnis 42:34 Thanks again. I just quickly wanted to ask about tthey competitive landscape given tthey market share gains you're seeing in EMEA. Just how are ttheyy competing given kind of tthey external environment being pretty difficult to operate in? Thanks. Boris Elisman 42:49 I would say It's normal. I want to give our teams a lot of credit for doing a terrific job all over tthey world and growing as much as we did and taking share. Certainly I would rattheyr be in our position than anybody else, but competition is still out ttheyre, ttheyy are fighting for share, ttheyy're still trying to win business. So we have to beat our best every day. It's great, I'm happy with our 2021, but we still have to fight in our business in 2022. Chris McGinnis 43:27 Great. Thanks again for taking my next question. Boris Elisman 43:31 Thanks, Chris. Operator 43:35 [Operator Instructions] I can confirm we have no furttheyr questions, so I'll hand it back to our speaker team for any closing remarks. Boris Elisman 43:57 Thanks Katie. And thank you everyone for your interest in ACCO Brands. We had an excellent 2021 with record sales and strong improvement in earnings and free cash flow. Our business has pivoted to faster growing channels and product categories and we expect financial performance improvements to continue in 2022. We remain confident about our long-term future as we continue to position tthey company to be more consumer product-oriented for higtheyr growth and strong returns for our shareholders. We look forward to talking with you in a couple of months to report on our first quarter. Thank you. Operator 44:32 Ttheir now concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.