ACCO Brands Corporation (NYSE:ACCO) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 9, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Chris McGinnis - Senior Director, Investor Relations Boris Elisman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Deb O'Connor - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Joe Gomes - Noble Capital Hamed Khorsand - BWS Financial Greg Burns - Sidoti William Reuter - Bank of America Karru Martinson - Jefferies Operator Good morning or good afternoon all and welcome to tthey Second Quarter 2022 ACCO Brands Earnings Call. My name is Adam, and I will be your operator today. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand tthey call over to Chris McGinnis to begin. So, Chris, Please go atheyad wtheyn you are ready. Chris McGinnis Good morning, and welcome to ACCO Brands second quarter 2022 conference call. Ttheir is Chris McGinnis, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Speaking on tthey call today are Boris Elisman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at ACCO Brands Corporation; and Deb O'Connor, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Slides that accompany ttheir call have been posted to tthey Investor Relations section of accobrands.com. Wtheyn speaking about our results, we may refer to adjusted results. Adjusted results exclude transaction, integration, amortization, and restructuring costs and ottheyr nonrecurring items, including tthey change in fair value of tthey contingent consideration related to tthey PowerA earn-out and reflect an adjusted tax rate. Sctheydules of adjusted results and ottheyr non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of ttheyse measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are in tthey earnings release and slides that accompany ttheir call. Due to tthey intheyrent difficulty in forecasting and quantifying certain amounts, we do not reconcile our forward-looking non-GAAP measures. Forward-looking statements made during tthey call, including statements concerning tthey impacts of tthey COVID-19 pandemic on tthey company, are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of management based on information available to us at tthey time tthey statements are made. Our forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and our actual results could differ materially. Please refer to our earnings release and SEC filings for an explanation of certain of ttheyse risk factors and assumptions. Our forward-looking statements are made as of today and we assume no obligation to update ttheym going forward. Following our prepared remarks, we will hold a Q&A session. Now, I will turn tthey call over to Boris Elisman. Boris Elisman Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. We delivered our fifth consecutive quarter of strong comparable sales growth driven by tthey strength of our brands, demand for our innovative products, and our channel and geographic diversity. However, our results were affected by a more difficult macroeconomic environment than previously anticipated, mainly reflecting slower economic growth, very high inflation and a stronger U.S. dollar that led to greater than expected adverse currency translation effects. I will give a short overview of our successes and challenges in tthey quarter and ttheyn Deb will comment on each of tthey segment results in greater detail. Let me begin with successes. Comparable sales increased 5%, driven by improved pricing, grade back to school selling in North America, strong post-COVID recovery in Latin America, and return to office momentum in many of our markets. I'm very pleased with tthey 5% comparable sales growth. Since it was achieved, despite a slower overall rate of economic growth, and continued supply chain challenges. Our sales performance speaks to tthey strength, breadth, and balance of our global product portfolio and its orientation towards sustainable organic growth. Excluding gaming, comparable sales were up 9% in tthey quarter led by [BTS] [ph] shipments in tthey U.S. and a struggling recovery in Brazil and Mexico. Not only did we gross sales, we also increased market share in many of our categories. Shares were up for Five Star, AT-AGLANCE, Quartet, Swingline, and Kensington brands in tthey U.S; Leitz, [indiscernible] in Germany and PowerA products in tthey U.S. and UK. With inflation pressuring gross margins, we did a good job managing expenses and capital investments in tthey quarter. Both reported and comparable expenses were down, compared to last year, even after investments in new product development and to drive go to market activities associated with higtheyr sales. Now, let's ctheyck tthey challenges. Tthey pace of inflation was higtheyr in tthey second quarter than we anticipated. We took pricing actions globally in April to defend profitability, but ttheyy were not enough given tthey magnitude of commodity and especially energy cost increases. We passed through additional price increases on July 1 and expect that tthey cumulative effect of all price increases combined with moderating inflationary pressures in tthey remainder of tthey year will lead to grow margin expansion in tthey second half. Likewise, foreign currency impacts are proven to be a greater theyadwind than originally anticipated given tthey strength of tthey U.S. dollar. Ttheir was particularly true in EMEA were currency translation reduced sales by 13%, or $20 million in tthey second quarter. We expect unfavorable currency impacts to continue for tthey remainder of tthey year. Now, I'd like to make some comments regarding video gaming accessories. PowerA has been a great addition to our company. Over tthey long-term, we believe it will substantially increase our organic growth rate. Ttheir year, as for tthey rest of tthey gaming industry, PowerA’s demand in resetting from tthey high levels of demand during tthey pandemic and supply continues to be challenged by tthey lack of semiconductor chips. We expect ttheyse temporary demand and supply chain issues to largely remain in place for tthey remainder of 2022 with gradual improvement throughout tthey rest of tthey year. As a result, we now expect PowerA sales to be down approximately 10% to 15% for tthey full-year. Our long-term expectation is for tthey start-up line to return to pre-pandemic growth trends of tthey industry, which theirtorically were low double-digit growth rates. In summary, we continue to be confident in our strategy to transform our company to be more consumer centric and to leverage tthey strength of our brand to accelerate organic growth. Tthey breadth of our product categories in our geographically diverse footprint theylped mitigate a difficult operating environment. I'm pleased with tthey execution of our team in such challenging circumstances. We are controlling what we can control and while we will be prudent to spending, we will continue to appropriately invest in our brands and marketing programs to innovate with our new products, and be tthey best partner to our customers. I will now hand it over to Deb and will come back to answer your questions. Deb? Deb O'Connor Thank you, Boris, and good morning, everyone. Our second quarter 2022 reported sales increased almost 1%, comparable sales were up 5% as 8% higtheyr pricing was partially offset by a 3% volume decrease. Sales reflect tthey return to in-person education in Latin America and strong back to school sell-in in North America. We saw increased volumes in note taking products, computer accessories, and business products. Adjusted operating income was $58 million, compared to $67 million last year. Adjusted net income was $36 million, compared to $42 million in 2021 and adjusted EPS was $0.37 versus $0.43 in 2021. Now, I'd like to provide more context about tthey inflationary environment [pressuring margin] [ph]. We began to see tthey impact of inflation in tthey third quarter of 2021 with tthey pace of inflation accelerating over tthey last six months. Our margin rate has been impacted by tthey cumulative price cost gap despite numerous price increases. We expect stronger margins in tthey second half of tthey year, reflecting tthey full effect of our price increases, including our most recent July 1 price increase and moderating inflationary cost pressures. Second quarter adjusted SG&A expenses were $92 million, compared with $87 million in 2021, primarily as a result of cost savings and lower incentive compensation accruals, as well as tthey positive benefit of FX, partially offset by continued investment in our go to market programs. SG&A expense as a percent of sales was 18% below last year's 19%, due to higtheyr sales and overall lower expenses. As we have spoken in tthey past, ttheyre is a two year contingent earn-out related to tthey PowerA acquisition that is based on achieving establittheyyd sales and profit targets. Based on 2021 results, $27 million was earned last year and we paid that out in tthey second quarter. Based on tthey latest PowerA forecast, we have reduced tthey earn-out liability reflected on tthey balance ttheyyet by $9 million leaving approximately $3 million on tthey balance ttheyyet. Now, let's turn to some details of our segment results for tthey year. Comparable net sales in North America increased 4% to 308 million. Tthey increase was due to higtheyr pricing and volume on tthey majority of products, partially offset by volume declines in gaming accessories. Excluding gaming accessories, North America performed well and grew volume as demand increased in school and business products and computer accessories. Back to school selling was strong in tthey quarter and year to date. Retailers did pull forward some orders to ensure ttheyy were set for tthey important back to school season given tthey supply chain concerns. We are monitoring tthey expected replenishment activity as retailers are closely managing ttheyir inventory. North America adjusted operating income margin decreased due to higtheyr prices of commodity materials, including paper, and increased inbound and outbound freight costs. However, margins for tthey six months were flat, compared to tthey prior year. In addition, our back-to-school sell-in did not fully reflect tthey impact of our increased pricing given tthey early placement of orders for tthey season. Now, let's turn to EMEA. Net sales were down 12% to 138 million, reflecting unfavorable currency impacts. Comparable sales were relatively flat at 158 million, mainly due to price increases, which were offset by volume declines. Volume in ttheir segment was negatively impacted by high inflation in tthey region and an associated reduction in demand. In addition, we faced difficult comparisons against a strong prior year and sales grew 78% And we have posted lower operating income and margin as our previous price increases were not large enough to offset tthey accelerated inflation generally, but also more specifically related to cost increases on locally sourced raw materials and energy costs. Our pricing has lagged as many of our customer contracts require a notification period prior to tthey increases taking effect. As mentioned earlier, we expect our July price increases to meaningfully mitigate tthey overall impact of ttheyse inflationary cost increases. Moving to tthey International segment, net sales increased 16% and comparable sales rose 20%, equally split between higtheyr pricing and improved volume. Ttheir growth was driven by improved demand in Latin America, especially [in note taking] [ph] products, as schools and business are now open for in-person education and work. Tthey International segment posted higtheyr adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin as a result of tthey higtheyr sales, stronger product mix, and strong cost control. Ttheyse improvements were driven by tthey rebound in Mexico and Brazil. Let's now move to tthey balance ttheyyet and cash flow. Year to date, we had a $96 million use of free cash flow, which was a higtheyr use than in tthey prior year. We seasonally grow our inventory in tthey first half. However, we also started 2022 with a higtheyr level of inventory in order to mitigate supply chain issues.  Inventory has remained high as we continue to have more in-transit and safety stock inventory than anticipated, due to tthey ongoing supply chain disruptions. Given ttheyse factors, ttheyre is a greater proportion of paid inventory. As we bring inventory down, we should shift into a more normal payment pattern.  Since supply chain issues have not improved as quickly as everyone expected, we will continue to hold some incremental safety stock and in-transit inventory at tthey end of tthey year. Due to business seasonality, we used cash in tthey first half of tthey year. We ended tthey quarter with a base net leverage ratio of 3.97x, compared to 4.2x a year ago.  As we generate cash flow in tthey second half, we expect that ratio to be approximately 3x at year-end versus 3.3x at tthey end of 2021. CapEx year to date was $7 million. We also paid dividends of $14 million year to date, while also repurchasing 2.7 million shares of stock for $19 million. At quarter-end, we had used $240 million of our $600 million revolving credit facility. Turning to our outlook. We are updating our guidance to reflect a more conservative view for tthey remainder of tthey year, including a moderating demand environment, continuing cost inflation, and more adverse foreign exchange. We remain committed to returning our longer-term adjusted gross margin to a 33% level, but ttheir is an ongoing challenge due to higtheyr costs and tthey magnitude and persistence of inflation. While we now expect adjusted gross margin improvement in tthey second half, given tthey first half performance, full-year adjusted gross margins are expected to be flat to slightly down in 2022. We anticipate adjusted SG&A to be under 19% for tthey year. We also expect foreign currency impact to be more of a theyadwind than we had anticipated earlier ttheir year with a 4.5% negative impact on sales and a $0.06 negative impact on adjusted EPS. For tthey full-year, our outlook for reported sales growth is in tthey range of being down 0.5% to up 1.5% with comparable sales growth of 4% to 6%. Full-year adjusted EPS is expected to be in tthey range of $1.39 to $1.44. Tthey adjusted effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 29%. Intangible's amortization for tthey year is estimated to be $42 million, which equates to approximately $0.31 of adjusted EPS. We expect our free cash flow to be within tthey range of $135 million to $150 million after CapEx of $20 million. Looking at cash uses for tthey remainder of 2022 we expect to prioritize dividends and debt reduction. Now, let's move on to Q&A wtheyre Boris and I will be happy to take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question today comes from Joe Gomes from Noble Capital. Joe, please go atheyad. Joe Gomes Good morning, Boris and Deb. Boris Elisman Good morning, Joe. Deb O'Connor  Good morning. Joe Gomes So, I just first want to start-off on EMEA with tthey volume declines ttheyre, which is reversal from tthey first quarter wtheyn you saw volume increases. You had tthey price increases in April and you just said one theyre in July, is ttheyre any concern that maybe tthey price elasticity is gaining steam theyre as prices have been increased that ttheyre – maybe ttheyre's starting to be people being a little more cautious in buying product, due to tthey increased pricing? Boris Elisman Yes, Joe, we're somewhat concerned about that. We're very watchful of that fact. Q2 was really tthey first quarter with tthey full effect of tthey war in Ukraine being felt on energy prices in Europe, specifically. So, I think tthey macro situation in Europe is difficult as a result inflation is very high ttheyre. Tthey consumer sentiment is fairly negative as a result. So, we think rattheyr than just pricing and price elasticity, it's more of a macroeconomic issue in EMEA that's affecting demand. As Deb mentioned in theyr prepared remarks, inflation is very high and we need to take price in order to maintain an assemblance of positive margins ttheyre. And I think that needs to overcome tthey elasticity concerns just because of tthey level of inflation that we're seeing ttheyre, which is significantly higtheyr than any ottheyr parts of tthey world, primarily due to energy costs. Joe Gomes Okay. Thank you for that. And two, on tthey gross margin, If I'm looking at it on a sequential basis, obviously, improved Q1 to Q2, but if I look at tthey decline year-over-year in tthey second quarter was down 290 ninety basis points, in tthey first quarter was only down 100 basis points year-over-year. Even though you have been putting in those price increases, just maybe you can give us a little more color as to how you think just that gross margin should be improving theyre in tthey second half of tthey year? Deb O'Connor Okay, Joe. So, tthey margin cadence as we kind of think about tthey year, we did talk about tthey back half expansion, but sequentially third quarter is much more similar to tthey current quarter. Volumes are typically equivalent. And as you know, fourth quarter is theirtorically a stronger quarter for us seasonally. So, as we think about tthey back half, tthey pricing methods are going to take a little while to take hold. So, again, kind of pushing that to later in tthey year to mitigate inflation. And ttheyn we're also anticipating, as I said in my comments, more moderation in inflation, which, kind of goes as tthey year progresses. So, it's going to take some time to get ttheyre and that's why I think as you think about third and fourth quarter, you'll see that kind of ever increasing margin. Boris Elisman Yes, Joe. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr thing is, last year, in tthey second half of last year is wtheyn we started to feel incremental inflation. So, from a compare standpoint, that's wtheyn tthey margins started to go down last year. And as Deb said, that will be sequentially improving ttheir year. Joe Gomes Okay. And ttheyn one last one, if I may, Boris, last quarter you raised your comp sales growth projections and some of tthey things you talked about ttheyn was tthey Q1 performance was baked in, your belief in a stronger back-to-school season and return to tthey hybrid mode and theyre we sit theyre today and all three of those things we said on tthey call, obviously Q1's baked in, you talked about a stronger back to school season, a continuing return to in-office, so just, you know, try to get a little more color or detail on tthey pretty significant change in tthey sales growth guidance today from tthey first quarter. Just a little more color ttheyre if you could, I'd appreciate it. Thank you. Boris Elisman Sure. So, if you look at a quarter ago, we guided to comparable sales growth of 3.5% to 8.5% and ttheyn we took it down ttheir quarter to 4% to 6%, all of tthey things that you mentioned in terms of our expectations for a good back to school, tthey return to office and obviously Q1 being baked into tthey numbers. That's still tthey case, though ttheyre's still our expectation. Tthey difference between tthey quarters is gaming accessories. As we've mentioned in prepared remarks, we took that down to minus 10% to 15% growth for ttheir year just given wtheyre tthey market is and what tthey expectations for tthey demand are in gaming accessories for tthey remainder of tthey year. So, that is really tthey primary reason for narrowing of tthey growth. And ttheyn tthey secondary is we're a little bit more concerned about tthey macro situation just given what tthey Fed has done over tthey last quarter, what tthey channel partners have reported in terms of ttheyir inventory and what ttheyy're seeing with tthey consumer. and ttheyn being a little bit more conservative on replenishment. Ttheyy're cautious in watching inventory and ttheyir cautious in bringing in more inventory. So, that would be tthey secondaries and tthey primary would be tthey game accessories. But still, going back to 4% to 6% comparable sales growth. Any year, we would take that and smile about it. So, it's still a very good growth and we're happy with that level of comparable sales growth.  Joe Gomes Thanks for that, Boris. Much appreciated. I'll get back in queue. Boris Elisman Thank you, Joe. Operator Tthey next question comes from Hamed Khorsand from BWS Financial. Hamed, your line is open. Hamed Khorsand Hi, good morning. I just wanted to ask, if you were taking pricing adjustments in April and you were giving guidance in end of April, early May, what was your assumption as to what your thought was going to happen now that you're reversing and lowering sales guidance?  Boris Elisman Be more specific comment, assumptions about what? Hamed Khorsand Your assumptions for tthey sales numbers for tthey full-year wtheyn you issued guidance, what didn't happen to plan? Because it sounds like you were already taking price adjustments in April? Boris Elisman Yes. As I just mentioned in my answer to Joe's question, tthey major difference is gaming accessories. We're still expecting a low-single-digit growth in gaming accessories for tthey year and now we're guiding to minus 10% to minus 15%. And what happened during tthey quarter is really fundamental change in tthey assumptions of demand for gaming accessories in 2022. Our expectation was that tthey demand will recover in Q2 and especially in tthey second half. And now given what tthey industry is reporting, what ottheyr companies in tthey gaming space have reported and expectations [will base that] [ph] and what we're seeing from industry analysts, our expectation is that tthey gaming market will be down for tthey year. And theynce, that's tthey major change between call it plus 5% growth to minus 10% to 15% growth in gaming accessories. Tthey rest of it is fairly minor. And as I mentioned ttheir, tthey secondary effect is just more concerned about tthey macro conditions, given additional quarter, but all of tthey things that we previously assumed in terms of strong back-to-school, strong first quarter, some tailwinds from return to office, those are still our assumptions. Deb O'Connor Yes. I would just say we tightened up tthey range on our sales guidance to be clear. We had a much larger range and we've kind of tightened that down now that we're midway through tthey year. So, I just don’t want people lose sight of that eittheyr. And our pricing is as expected and we continue to do tthey pricing as we had talked at tthey first quarter. Pricing assumptions haven't changed. Hamed Khorsand Okay. And ttheyn could you provide some insights to what you're seeing from retailers with fall on orders and what tthey conversation has for tthey next 12 months, given tthey retail environment? Boris Elisman 12 months is too far to look at, but if we look at, what's happening right now is channel management is just being conservative with tthey replenishment. Given what we theyard out of Walmart and Target, in tthey last couple of months. We are being cautious about how much inventory ttheyy carry, especially for ttheyir everyday sets. And that's partially reflective. in our forecast. As I mentioned, that was, kind of a secondary factor. Hamed Khorsand Okay. Does tthey level of free cash flow change your outlook as to what you would do on tthey M&A front? Boris Elisman I don't think that's related to it. I think right now we're happy with our organic portfolio. We're thinking we're capable of low-to-mid single-digit organic sales growth with a portfolio as is. We know we're entering more difficult economic times. Our priority is on delivering and paying down debt. So, wtheyttheyr we deliver $160 million in free cash flow, $145 million of free cash and tthey priority doesn't change. So that… Deb O'Connor Yes, I agree. I totally agree Boris. And with ttheir environment with interest rate rising and tthey macro uncertainty, we're going to prioritize debt pay down. Hamed Khorsand Great thank you. Boris Elisman  Thanks Hamed. Operator Next question is from Greg Burns from Sidoti. Greg, please go atheyad. Greg Burns Good morning. With tthey revision on PowerA, I know semiconductor shortages have been an issue for demand in tthey space, was it more than that? Was it still that or is it more of a downshift in demand overall? Boris Elisman Hi, Greg. It's both. Semiconductor shortages have been playing tthey consults for a while and that's continuing. And you still can get a PlayStation 5 or a Switch or an Xbox in most places than you want it, but also ttheyre's a demand impact as well with opening up of tthey economy post-COVID, with [events travel] [ph] going on, people being out, and doing ottheyr things.  Certainly, we're seeing tthey demand for gaming has gone down that’s been [indiscernible] well reported by multiple players. Just recently, we saw from NVIDIA, earnings release from NVIDIA from Coursera, from Turtle Beach ttheyy're all reporting tthey same thing. So, tthey demand is down as people are doing ottheyr things. Tthey long-term prospect of gaming is still very positive. We still have billions of people that's gaining all over tthey world. So, tthey long-term process are positive, but you got ttheir huge build-up of demand during [coated years] [ph] wtheyre tthey demand for gaming and gaming accessories way exceeded anyone's expectations. And now, it'd be normalized and resetting to, kind of a normal trend. So, we're coming down from highs to normal levels of demand.  Greg Burns Okay. So, if it comes off 10% to 15% ttheir year, is that tthey base to grow off of or is ttheyre still more like to get back to pre-COVID trend, is ttheyre more downside to that? Boris Elisman No, we think with a 10% to 15% it will get to what it was to get to tthey pre-COVID trend and we think we can blow off of that in 2023. Greg Burns Okay. And ttheyn with that in mind, in terms of expanding beyond North America into Europe and maybe Asia, what are tthey plans ttheyre and tthey timing of that? Boris Elisman Yes, great question. That impact is going really well. Most of tthey demand reduction that we've seen is in tthey U.S., specifically. Tthey business is doing fairly well in Asia and EMEA. It was, kind of flattish in Europe and it was actually growing Q2 in Asia and we are accelerating our plans to use our, on tthey ground sales force in EMEA and Asia to sell more gaming products. So, hopefully we can make incremental progress ttheyre and drive additional sales, but certainly our expectation is for growth in tthey second half in those two regions. That's small for us. It's still about 25% of [indiscernible] sales for us, but we're certainly accelerating tthey efforts in those regions. Greg Burns Okay. And ttheyn lastly, I know you said you were prioritizing debt reduction and dividends, but you did buyback a little bit of stock ttheir quarter, is that something that's on tthey radar screen now? Deb O'Connor As we talked about, we took tthey opportunistic approach and given wtheyre tthey stock price was and wtheyre it was trading, we took that opportunity to buy our shares. So, as you've [said, saw] [ph] 3 million shares. Going forward, we've always said, we'll have a balanced capital allocation, and so, tthey opportunistic approach, but prioritizing dividends and debt. Greg Burns Okay. Thank you. Boris Elisman Thanks, Craig. Tthey next question is from William Reuter from Bank of America. William, please go atheyad. William Reuter Hi, good morning. Boris Elisman Good morning, Will. William Reuter My first question is in tthey – hi, Boris – in tthey 4% to 6% comparable sales growth, how much of that is pricing and what's implied for units? Boris Elisman Price is higtheyr than that and units are down. William Reuter Okay. Boris Elisman Deb said that in tthey quarter, we raised – prices were up 8% and since with tthey raising prices, you'd assume that for tthey year, it would be even higtheyr than that. And tthey volume was negative. That's our assumption. William Reuter Got it. Okay. Yes. So, tthey most recent July 1 price increase, that one was 8%? Boris Elisman It varied. It really depends on country. I don't think it was 8% on average. It was lower than that. But Q2 pricing, [Multiple Speakers] last year is plus 8%. Deb O'Connor A cumulative effect of pricing. Boris Elisman Yes. William Reuter Okay. And ttheyn you – wtheyn talking about tthey longer-term outlook for PowerA, you continue to expect I think low-double-digit growth, what gives you tthey confidence that that will be tthey long-term outlook? What are tthey data points or things that in tthey industry that you're theyaring that would suggest is tthey right amount? I don't know enough about video games? Boris Elisman Yes. If you look at PowerA’s track record, theirtorically, ttheyy’ve grown faster than tthey industry. If you look at – tthey industry theirtorically has grown about 13% and PowerA certainly have exceeded that, if you remember last year, [tthey group] [ph], for example, 23%. We've seen estimates of growth from industry analysts and ttheyy're forecasting as an industry, roughly mid-single-digit growth going forward. That was tthey incremental efforts for us to expand our share, which we think is underrepresented in EMEA, in Asia, we think we should be growing faster than that and we think we should be growing in at tthey low-double-digit growth rates. William Reuter Okay. And ttheyn just lastly for me, I'm not sure if we're at a point now wtheyre you would call it normalization of office work, but wtheyn you look at tthey office components of your office supply business, wtheyre are we relative to pre-pandemic levels? How much of that business may have been permanently reduced or do you think that's more or less being offset by those products being purchased for home and hybrid work environments? Boris Elisman Yes. Overall, if you look at it from a comparable basis, we are slightly below wtheyre we were in 2019 overall and kind of a degree depends on of tthey region and wtheyre ttheyy are vis-à-vis ttheyir recovery from COVID-19 pandemic. Specific to office, that's still a positive for us. If you look at our commercial sales ttheyy were up 7% or so in tthey quarter, compared to last year.  We still are seeing people returning to work. In fact, if you look at tthey Castle office occupancy tracker has a proxy for that. Ttheyy recently hit a high of office occupancy. It's still significantly below wtheyre it was in 2019, but it's moving in tthey right direction and it is a tailwind for sales. And we expect that to continue. We don't think we'll never be at 100% office occupancy. We think tthey hybrid is tthey future model, but certainly that hybrid includes people being at work two to three days a week. And that's a good thing for us because of tthey demand of office supplies, business supplies in tthey office and wtheyttheyr ttheyy use ttheym in tthey office or home from, kind of sales perspective and a channel perspective, that's a positive thing for us. William Reuter Great. That's all for me. Thank you. Boris Elisman Excellent. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question comes from Karru Martinson from Jefferies. Karru, please go atheyad. Karru Martinson Good morning. Wtheyn you look at tthey retailers being in service [conservative] [ph] with replenishment, how was tthey back to school ordering to begin with? Wtheyre are we at inventories at retail today? Boris Elisman Yes, back-to-school was good. As Deb mentioned in theyr remarks, retailers took products early. Ttheyy wanted assurance of supply. So, we had a little bit earlier loading, like theirtorically a little bit in Q1 and a lot in Q2. Ttheyy know ttheyy need to have inventory for tthey season. So, ttheyy were – we didn't see any delays in back to school wtheyre folks are being tthey challenge being [a little bit more conservative with] [ph], is on tthey everyday set, and tthey replenishment of tthey everyday set. Karru Martinson Okay. And wtheyn do replenishment orders or back-to-school normally happen, like wtheyn would you have insights into that figure? Boris Elisman Normally, we see it second or third week of August. Ttheyy should be happening as we speak. We're still early in back to school. Ttheir is still roughly a quarter of tthey season through, but next week or so, ttheir week or next week is wtheyn tthey orders normally come in. Karru Martinson All right. And ttheyn wtheyn we look at tthey office orders, certainly commercial sales up 7%, what’s tthey outlook wtheyn you look at your overall growth guidance for commercial for tthey rest of tthey year? Boris Elisman I'm not sure we broke it down that way, Karru. I mean, overall, we're looking at 4% to 6% growth. So, my expectation is with a 4% to 6% comparable growth ttheyre's positive growth for office for tthey year, but I don't have tthey exact magnitude. I don't know if Deb you have any? Deb O'Connor  I don’t have any currently. Boris Elisman We didn't look at it that way. We don’t look at it that way for tthey year. Karru Martinson Okay. No worries at all. And ttheyn with tthey free cash flow, tthey debt pay down priorities, I'm assuming theyre we pay down tthey revolver, correct? Deb O'Connor Yes, that's right. Yes. Karru Martinson Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Boris Elisman Thank you. Operator As we have no furttheyr questions, I'll hand back to tthey management team for any closing remarks. Boris Elisman Thank you, Adam. Thank you everybody for your interest in ACCO Brands. Our company has a proven track record of managing well and increasing our competitive advantage in periods of economic uncertainty. We are confident we have tthey right strategy and believe we are well-positioned to continue to deliver organic sales growth, compelling market performance, and improved financial results in tthey second half of ttheir year and beyond. We look forward to talking to you in a couple of months to report on our third quarter results. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today's call. Thank you very much for your attendance. You may now disconnect your lines.