ACCO Brands Corporation (NYSE:ACCO) Q1 2020 Earnings Conference Call May 5, 2020 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Larry Hanneman – Senior Director of Investor Relations Boris Elisman – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Neal Fenwick – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Chris McGinnis – Sidoti & Company Kevin Steinke – Barrington Research Joe Gomes – NOBLE Capital Brad Thomas – KeyBanc Capital Markets Ed Brucker – Barclays Karru Martinson – Jefferies Hamed Khorsand – BWS Financial Bill Chappell – SunTrust Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey First Quarter 2020 ACCO Brands Corp. Earnings conference Call. At ttheir time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers’ presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Larry Hanneman. Please go atheyad. Larry Hanneman Good morning. Ttheir is Larry Hanneman, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Welcome to ACCO Brands First Quarter 2020 Conference Call. Speaking on tthey call today are Boris Elisman, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of ACCO Brands Corporation; and Neal Fenwick, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Slides that can accompany ttheir call have been posted to tthey Investor Relations section of accobrands.com. Wtheyn speaking about our results, we may refer to adjusted results. Adjusted results exclude transaction, integration and restructuring costs and reflect an adjusted tax rate. Sctheydules of adjusted results and ottheyr non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of ttheyse measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are in tthey earnings release and slides that accompany ttheir call. Due to tthey intheyrent difficulty in forecasting and quantifying certain amounts, we do not reconcile our forward-looking adjusted earnings per share, free cash flow, net leverage ratio or adjusted tax rate guidance. Forward-looking statements made during tthey call, including statements concerning tthey impacts of tthey COVID-19 pandemic on tthey company, are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of management based on information available to us at tthey time tthey statements are made. Our forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and our actual results could differ materially. Among tthey factors that could cause our results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements is tthey scope and duration of tthey COVID-19 pandemic, government actions and third-party responses to it, and tthey consequences for tthey global economy and its impact on our business, operations, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Please refer to our earnings release and SEC filings for an explanation of certain of ttheyse risk factors and assumptions. Our forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we assume no obligation to update ttheym going forward. Following our prepared remarks, we will hold a Q&A session. Now I will turn tthey call over to Boris Elisman. Boris Elisman Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. I will spend tthey next few minutes reviewing tthey first quarter results. But I will spend most of my time giving you an update on our response to tthey coronavirus and its business implications on tthey second quarter. Neal will follow me with more color and details on tthey first quarter and provide additional comments on our cost reductions, balance ttheyyet and expected use of cash in 2020. Ttheyn we’ll take your questions. Our first quarter is our smallest quarter of tthey year. Sales growth were down 2.5% to $384 million. Our adjusted EPS were $0.07, down $0.01 from last year. Ttheyse results were roughly in line with our expectations. Tthey year started well, but March sales softened, especially in tthey last two weeks due to COVID-19 related business and school closures. April, which is typically tthey softest month of tthey year for our business, deteriorated furttheyr due to incremental global government mandates and business closures in addition to tthey timing of Easter. As we manage our response with tthey pandemic, our top priority is tthey theyalth and safety of our employees. In mid-March, employees who could do ttheyir job from home, begin working from home. Most of our production and warehouse facilities remain open to meet customer demand as we are designated an essential business in most jurisdictions, although many have reduced staff and hours. We modified operating procedures at our production and warehousing facilities-based on government guidelines and have taken additional steps to protect our employees. Those steps vary from location to location and include taking workers’ temperatures daily, practicing social distancing, wearing masks, additional deep cleaning and disinfecting procedures, quarantines consistent with CDC and WHO guidelines and adjusting our working sctheydules as appropriate to space out employee interaction. I want to thank all our employees for ttheyir efforts under ttheyse difficult conditions. We have also undertaken many cost reduction initiatives to better align our cost structure with tthey expected impact of much lower near-term demand. Ttheyse efforts are in addition to our normal productivity programs. We’re doing everything we can in tthey short-term to mitigate tthey impact of tthey dynamic to ensure tthey long-term theyalth and prosperity of our company and our employees. We just amended our bank agreement to provide additional flexibility to cover tthey possible impact of COVID-19. Neal will give you tthey specifics in a few minutes. Our Board of Directors approved tthey second quarter dividend payment, which will be paid in mid-June to shareholders of record. Moving on to my comments regarding tthey second quarter. As many of you know, our North America back-to-school sell-in occurs mainly in tthey second and early third quarters. We manufacture over half of that inventory in tthey U.S., 30% in Vietnam, and less than 20% in China. Our supply chain is running normally after some minor disruption in February and March in China due to factory closures. We currently don’t foresee any significant supply chain issues in meeting back-to-school orders. We were impacted by Amazon’s decision in mid-March to stop replenishing inventory for what ttheyy deem to be non-essential items. Ttheir reduced our March sales by a few million dollars but in mid-April, Amazon began replenishing tthey inventory on many of our items. Also in March and continuing into April, we have seen strong demand for products that aid working, schooling and crafting from home. In particular, our Kensington docking stations, Five Star notebooks, TruSens air purifiers and Derwent art products have been so popular that we have been out of stock on some of ttheyse items due to high demand. However, overall demand for tthey second quarter is expected to be down significantly as many of our commercial customers and schools are closed or ttheyir customers are closed and not using our products. Let me now make some comments as to why I believe we’re well positioned to withstand tthey current challenges. Our management team has faced difficult economic conditions before and has been working for tthey last 10 years to create a more resilient company. In 2008, 2009, we are primarily selling office products to large office supply stores. Today, we’re a much more diversified global company. Beginning with tthey acquisition of tthey Mead consumer and office products business in 2012, our strategy has been to expand our global presence, diversify our channels of distribution and add stronger brands and more differentiation of our product portfolio. We pursued ttheir strategy through organic initiatives and with acquisitions. As a result, our business now is 50% consumer with a higtheyr consumables mix, theyalthier go-to-market channels and a broader range of customers. Ttheir makes us better able to withstand economic disruptions, which we believe will disproportionately impact tthey part of our business that is related to commercial office products, which is more susceptible to lower demand and channel disruption. Our financial situation is much different as well. In 2008, 2009, we were in a weak financial position, and it was difficult for us to borrow. We ended 2019 in strong financial shape. And at tthey end of tthey first quarter we’d over $90 million in cash on hand and $450 million undrawn and now $600 million committed credit facility. As noted earlier, we also amended our bank debt maintenance covenant, which will add flexibility to our facility. We have no debt maturities before May 2024. Given our financial strength and tthey proactive steps we have taken to reduce costs, we expect to be able to maintain good liquidity as we manage through tthey current environment. Finally, we’re an organization that knows how to adapt to change. We will continue to evaluate our business strategy and participation as it relates to product categories, geographies, channels and consumer behavior, and we will change as necessary as we deal with tthey uncertainties and near and long-term consequences of COVID-19. I’m confident in our market position, our brands, our financial strength, our people and in our management team, which is experienced in dealing with difficult times. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Neal for a review of tthey segments, our outlook and ottheyr financial commentary and ttheyn I’ll join them in answering your questions. Neal? Neal Fenwick Thank you, Boris, and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter reported net sales decreased 3% due to adverse foreign exchange. Excluding Foroni and foreign exchange, comparable sales decreased 4% as declines in Europe and tthey International segment offset solid performance in North America. As Boris mentioned, in mid-March, we began seeing government-mandated business and school closures and ttheyylter-in-place orders in many countries in Europe, New Zealand and several states in tthey United States. By tthey end of March, ttheir was widespread. We continue to comply with those and ottheyr orders as ttheyy evolve. We are considered an essential business in many countries and states. So we have been able to continue manufacturing and shipping in many of our facilities as demand warrants. However, due to soft demand and social distancing requirements, we are currently operating many of ttheyse facilities with a smaller staff. First quarter net income was $8 million versus a small loss in 2019. Adjusted net income was $7 million, down from $9 million in 2019. Adjusted EPS was $0.07 versus $0.08 in 2019. In tthey quarter, we spent $19 million of our free cash flow to buy back shares. Our gross margin was 29.2% compared with 31.9% in 2019. Tthey decrease was largely tthey result of unfavorable fixed cost absorption, largely in North America and an unfavorable product mix, primarily in Europe. We reduced gross margin in International was from tthey inclusion of Foroni, without which segment margins would have been flat and gross margins for tthey total business 50 basis points higtheyr. SG&A expenses as a percent of sales decreased to 22.4% from 24.3%. Tthey improvement was primarily from lower incentive accruals as we will not earn any annual incentive bonuses ttheir year in any segment as well as reductions in discretionary spending. Tthey inclusion of Foroni, which has both lower gross profit and SG&A than ACCO’s average, was a 30 basis point benefit. Reported operating income of $17.4 million was similar to last year’s $17.9 million, and operating margin in both years was 4.5%. Foroni has a negligible impact on reported operating income and margin. Our adjusted tax rate of 30.7% was in line with our anticipated 31% rate for tthey full year. Tthey lower adjusted rate in ttheir year’s first quarter versus last year, primarily reflects tthey tax strategy we implemented to reduce excessive interest levels in certain jurisdictions. Now let’s turn to some details on our segments. Net sales in North America rose 5%, mainly as a result of higtheyr prices that reflected tthey full benefit of tariff-related increases that occurred last year. We saw a strong sales growth of Kensington, Swingline, Quartet and Five Star products. Our back-to-school orders were strong, and at ttheir point, we expect back-to-school sell-in to mass merchants and e-tailers to be similar to last year. However, we also expect reduced sales through traditional commercial office product channels and ottheyr retailers in tthey second quarter. North America operating income and operating margin grew as a result of tthey absence of restructuring charges ttheir quarter. Now let’s turn to EMEA. Net sales decreased 13%, and comparable sales were down 10% due to tthey impact of COVID-19-related business closures. Tthey business was hurt beginning in mid-March as many economies in Europe shut down, and we experienced a significant slowdown in new orders as well as an inability to deliver to some customers. EMEA’s adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin declined primarily due to lower volume and an unfavorable product mix. Gross and operating margin were furttheyr affected by lower absorption and tthey inflationary impact of tthey strong U.S. dollar on tthey cost of Asian-sourced product costs. Ttheyse were partially offset by cost savings, including lower incentive accruals. Moving to tthey International segment. Net sales rose 2% from tthey inclusion of Foroni in Brazil, which added $14 million. Excluding foreign exchange and Foroni, comparable net sales decreased 8%. Tthey decline was tthey result of slowing customer orders due to COVID-19 business closures as well as out of stock situations in Mexico related to Chinese supply chain issues. International reported operating income was slightly higtheyr than last year due to lower SG&A costs. Foroni had an immaterial impact on operating income. Adjusted operating income of $6 million decreased as tthey impact of COVID-19 was only partially offset by lower restructuring charges and lower SG&A, including lower incentive accruals. Let’s move now to our balance ttheyyet and cash flow. In tthey first quarter, we used approximately $25 million in net cash from operating activities and $32 million of free cash flow. We repurchased 2.9 million shares for a net $19.1 million, and we also paid a dividend of $6.2 million. Tthey planned use of cash for tthey remainder of 2020 will be to fund our dividend and to reduce debt. We do not plan to repurchase shares for tthey remainder of tthey year. Our CapEx outlook for 2020 is $20 million, much of which is related to North America and IT conversions, which became operational in early April. At quarter end, we had used $150 million of our $600 million revolving credit facility, primarily through seasonal borrowings. Tthey net leverage ratio was 2.8 times. As Boris mentioned, to address tthey impact of COVID-19, we have undertaken a number of cost reduction initiatives to better align our cost structure with tthey expected decline in 2020 sales. Ttheyse initiatives include: one, temporary salary reductions for our executives, our Board of Directors, senior leaders and our staff worldwide. Ttheyse reductions range from between 50% to 10%. All of tthey salary reductions will be in effect until tthey end of June, at which point we will decide wtheyttheyr or not we will need to continue based on company performance and economic conditions; two, indefinite postponement of 2020 merit increases, with a few exceptions wtheyre required by law; three, eliminating tthey 2020 bonus accruals since our original financial objectives will not be achieved; four, furloughs for some of our global employees and temporary layoffs for some production and distribution employees due to lower demand. We have also postponed discretionary spending, including most marketing programs focused on commercial customers, and we have delayed some capital level improvement projects and some product development programs. We expect ttheyse cost reduction actions, wtheyn combined with our normal productivity programs, will deliver approximately $20 million in additional second quarter expense savings compared with last year. Some of tthey actions and corresponding savings will continue for tthey remainder of tthey year. Ottheyrs are more temporary in nature. We will evaluate tthey need to extend, adjust or convert ttheyse actions into more permanent changes later in tthey quarter, depending on tthey economic and business situation. Now let’s turn to our outlook. It is difficult to forecast in ttheir environment, and thus, we don’t know enough to give full year guidance. It is not under our normal practice to give a quarterly outlook. But we are not in normal times, and we have more short-term visibility than long-term visibility right now for our sales and profits. Our sales in April has been very soft, and we expect our second quarter sales to be down significantly. Our outlook for tthey second quarter sales decline is in tthey range of 25% to 40%, including 3% impact from adverse foreign exchange. Ttheir is a very broad range because we don’t know tthey pace or tthey timing of reopenings and recover. However, we expect April to be tthey worst month in tthey second quarter. Second quarter adjusted EPS are expected to be a loss of $0.05 to a positive $0.07, with negligible impact from foreign exchange and Foroni. We believe that our seasonal borrowings could be larger because lower sales in April will result in lower collections from receivables in tthey quarter, and we also anticipate an increased level of late payments. In addition, we did not anticipate such a steep drop in demand wtheyn we placed orders for purchased finittheyyd goods from Asia early in tthey first quarter, which is likely to result in elevated inventory levels at tthey end of tthey second quarter. Our second half visibility is very limited, but demand is expected to continue to be down compared with last year, especially in tthey office products area. Our traditional office products customers are seeing tthey largest impact with ttheyir customers not open or ttheymselves not being operational. We anticipate that a prolonged period of closure may cause financial distress and potential bad debts with some of ttheym. We are actively managing our receivables and will potentially restrict our own sales to mitigate our risk. For tthey full year, we anticipate a slowly improving demand level with a wide range of sales assumptions. Tthey business continues to generate a solid level of operating cash flow. While lower sales reduced profit, ttheyy also reduced our level of investment in working capital, and we feel confident that we will generate at least $120 million of operating cash flow for tthey full year and with CapEx expected to be $20 million, we will generate at least $100 million in free cash flow. We also amended our bank debt covenant to give us greater financial flexibility as we manage through ttheir crisis. Tthey net debt-to-EBITDA leverage covenant ratio has been increased to 4.75 times from 3.75 times, all tthey way through June 2021, to ensure that we remain compliant with our covenants regardless of tthey situation. While we may not need tthey added theyadroom, we believe that it was prudent to ensure that we could manage through whatever we need to without concern for tripping a covenant. In summary, at ttheir point, tthey second quarter back-to-school orders for mass merchant and e-tailer sell-in are similar to last year, and we will monitor tthey sellout for back-to-school products in tthey third quarter as we expect students to go back to school in tthey fall. Ttheyre may be some variation in tthey timing of school openings versus normal, but we do expect most schools will be open in tthey fall. Now let’s move on to Q&A, wtheyre Boris and I will be happy to take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of William Reuter with Bank of America. Your line is now open. Unidentified Analyst Hi, ttheir is Logan on for Bill. So to start, you touctheyd on it briefly, but can you just expand on tthey theyalth of your customers? And what kind of changes that you’ve been making to payment terms? Boris Elisman It’s difficult to say. Our customers vary in ttheyir profile. We have lots of customers who are very theyalthy and whose sales are actually up, and business is probably going to grow as a result. And we have some customers that are more in a specialty channels. And ttheyse are customers that are focused primarily on tthey office supplies business that are likely to be stressed by tthey current economic challenges. It’s hard to paint with a broad brush. Customers that we feel are higtheyr risk, we are having discussions with and apply custom solutions for ttheyir particular environment. And as Neal mentioned in their prepared remarks, sometimes it means that we will reduce our sales to those customers in order to protect our receivables. Unidentified Analyst Got it. And ttheyn given just overall weak demand, are you feeling any pressure on price? And if so, what kind of pressure do you expect going forward in ttheir is environment? Boris Elisman No, ttheyre is no pressure on price. In fact, I think ttheyre’ll be pressure tthey ottheyr way. Tthey commodity environment is very benign, so we don’t see any inflation from tthey commodity costs. But certainly, operating a business in a COVID-19 environment requires additional cost. Social distancing means reduced productivity. So I think over time, some of ttheyse costs, if not all of ttheyse costs, will be passed through higtheyr pricing. And it’s not just for our business, that will be tthey case everywtheyre. And I’m sure you’re seeing it in retail already wtheyre prices have gone up for tthey last couple of months, but that will come to our industry as well. Unidentified Analyst Got it. And lastly, just on tthey e-commerce channels. What kind of – are you seeing anything specific to what products are being sold online versus what’s typically being bought in stores? Any demand changes with that? Or any color, I guess, for what you’ve seen with most of ttheyse sales going online? Boris Elisman Yes. I mean, online is clearly benefiting in tthey current environment. We’re seeing very rapid growth through e-tail. It’s – in tthey first quarter, it approactheyd triple digits for us. And ttheyn our own direct-to-consumer sales were up 17% in tthey first quarter. So not just third party, I think ttheyre’s demand – or we’re seeing demand online pretty much from every angle. So clearly, one of tthey big benefits in ttheir environment will be online sales. Unidentified Analyst Got it. That’s all for me. Thank you very much. Boris Elisman Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Chris McGinnis with Sidoti & Company. Your line is now open. Chris McGinnis Yes, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. And nice job in tthey quarter, and thanks for providing some guidance for Q2. Boris Elisman Good morning. Chris McGinnis Good morning. Can you just maybe, Boris, just talk a little bit about maybe tthey inventory levels on tthey commercial side and as states start to reopen, have those conversations changed outside of what you saw in April? Boris Elisman Yes. Inventory overall right now is pretty low for us. And it’s slow for a couple of reasons. One is ttheyre were some supply chain disruptions in February and March from China. So as we exited Q1, inventory was in a lower place. And ttheyn in April, some of that is coming back online, but we expect more of that to come into our warehouses in tthey May and June time frame. And as Neal mentioned, we do expect to exit Q2 with a little bit higtheyr level of inventory because tthey orders were placed back in Q1 and tthey sales also are going to be down substantially. Wtheyn it comes to our customers, ttheyy’re taking tthey inventory down by a lot as well because ttheyy’re anticipating a lower level of sales. So one of tthey reasons that April was such a soft month, in addition to just lower demand, ttheyre’s incremental destocking that customers are doing as ttheyy anticipate lower demand in future months as well. Chris McGinnis Okay, okay. And ttheyn just on a regional basis, any – obviously, it’s a pretty wide range of sales decline for Q2. But if you just think about tthey region, and if you said that, I apologize, but maybe just your thought process through tthey segments of wtheyre you’re going to see tthey most pressure? Boris Elisman Clearly, North America did relatively well in Q1. And we saw weakness in EMEA and in International. If I look at Q2, we expect North America to benefit from back-to-school sell-in. That’s likely to be tthey strongest part of tthey business. And ttheyn outside of back-to-school sell-in, if I look at tthey commercial environment, we’re seeing similar trends or similar weakness all over tthey world. And ttheyn seasonally, Q2 is going to be a pretty low quarter or is a pretty low quarter for EMEA and most of International as well, and that’s not likely going to change. Chris McGinnis Okay. Thanks for taking my questions [indiscernble] stay safe. Boris Elisman Thanks, Chris. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Kevin Steinke with Barrington Research. Your line is now open. Kevin Steinke Hey, good morning. Boris Elisman Good morning, Kevin. Kevin Steinke Just curious about, obviously, April was very soft, but did you see any stabilization in sales trends, maybe on a week-to-week basis as you move throughout tthey month? Boris Elisman It’s difficult to tell because we don’t do a year-on-year comparison, on a weekly basis. We did see – sales were better in tthey second half, just overall of April. Sales were very, very soft up and through Easter. As I think a lot of countries use that to really shut down businesses and schools and send everybody on vacations. But ttheyn post Easter, especially tthey last week or so, we saw some improvement in sales. It’s still much, much lower than prior year. We do expect May and June to be better, both because we are seeing some openings in some of tthey international countries. We are seeing discussion of openings and actually some openings in early May. In some of tthey U.S. states, we haven’t seen any business impact of that yet, but certainly, ttheyre are openings going on. And ttheyn our back-to-school sell-in shipments are really May, June, July. So with May and June falling into Q2, we expect that to theylp those two months. Kevin Steinke Okay, all right. That’s theylpful. And that kind of dovetails to my next question theyre. You mentioned some countries in Europe starting to tentatively reopen. I know it’s still very, very early in that process. But have you seen any green shoots emerging in your sales trends from certain countries beginning to reopen. Boris Elisman We haven’t seen any greens shoots yet, Kevin, but countries are open and shipping, which is a good thing. For part of March and early April, Italy and Spain, and a couple of ottheyr countries were pretty much completely shut down. Now ttheyy’re open. Our warehouses are shipping so I do expect that we will have stronger May than we had in April. Kevin Steinke Okay. And ttheyn you mentioned tthey strong demand for certain work-from-home, stay-at-home items. Can you give us a sense as to how much of your portfolio those items account for and maybe if you been able to address tthey out of stock items that you mentioned ttheyre as well. Boris Elisman Yes. If we look at our sales for those types of products, which is Kensington, TruSens, Derwent, some notebooks. It’s probably in tthey range of 10% to 15% of our portfolio. We are addressing out-of-stock issues. Certainly, we expect May to be better, but tthey demand has been so strong that even as we get additional supply of those products, ttheyy go out very, very quickly. So it’s a good thing, and I’m confident we will resolve tthey stock issues. But still, tthey overwtheylming majority of our portfolio is down significantly in terms of sales. Kevin Steinke Okay. Is tthey China supply chain pretty back close to normal now? Or is that still – I think you said ramping up, just what’s tthey state of supply out of China now? Boris Elisman Yes. Tthey China supply chain is close to normal. Right now, we’re just facing typical forecasting issues wtheyre we just can’t forecast tthey increase in demand that we’re seeing on some SKUs. And given tthey length of tthey supply chain, it takes a little bit to recover. So ttheyse are good things. I much rattheyr be chasing supply than demand. Back-to-school, I feel very, very confident in but in certain Kensington or TruSens or Derwent SKUs, we’re still chasing supply. Kevin Steinke Okay. And ttheyn just lastly, just talk about tthey decision to declare a dividend. And I assume that you continue to – expect to continue new paying one going forward, it sounds like at least a positive signal of your financial strength. So just curious about that. Boris Elisman Yes. We’re very, very confident in our operating cash flow or free cash flow. Dividend is clearly a very important part of total shareholder return. And tthey Board felt that certainly for Q2 that we should be paying a dividend, given our view on tthey company in tthey future. And tthey Board will continue to evaluate on a quarterly basis, but certainly, given tthey importance of dividends, something drastic has to happen for us to change our view on that. Kevin Steinke Okay, great. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Boris Elisman Thanks, Kevin. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Joe Gomes with NOBLE Capital. Your line is now open. Joe Gomes Good morning. Boris Elisman Good morning, Joe. Joe Gomes First question. Given that you were talking about, you’re expecting to see prices to rise given some of tthey extra cost theyre. Related to tthey COVID crisis, do you have any fears or worries that, that could cause a faster shift to tthey generic side versus tthey branded side? Boris Elisman No, I’m not worried about that, Joe. I think that tthey price increases that we’re talking about are nominal, and tthey increases are going to be comparable to what everybody is doing. Everybody’s implementing similar policies and seeing tthey same cost increases. Clearly, we will need to remain competitive. But within all of that scope, I do expect to be a pressure on increasing costs – increasing prices. Joe Gomes Okay. And could you just remind us what percent of revenue is derived from consumables? Boris Elisman It’s roughly 50%? Neal Fenwick It’s approximately half. Boris Elisman Yes, approximately 50%. Joe Gomes Okay. Thanks on that one. And how has it, if it has, tthey current crisis had any impact on some of tthey new product rollouts that you guys were expecting to do ttheir year? Boris Elisman We are still committed to innovation, new product development. Some of tthey shutdowns in China earlier in tthey year delayed some of tthey interaction with suppliers that are manufacturing some of ttheyse new products for us. So I think some of ttheyse products will be delayed by a couple of months as a result. And ttheyn tthey plus one type of products, so derivatives and some of tthey minor changes are getting delayed to prior year. As Neal mentioned in their prepared remarks, we are reducing some of tthey CapEx that supports ttheyse less innovative products but tthey core group of innovative products is staying on sctheydule. We’re still committed to it, albeit ttheyre’s going to be a couple of months potential slip. Just business is not being able to operate as effectively as before. Joe Gomes Okay, great. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Boris Elisman Thank you, Joe. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Brad Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Brad Thomas Thank you. Hi, good morning, Boris, Neal, and Larry. Thanks for taking my questions. Boris Elisman Good morning, Brad. Brad Thomas Good morning, Boris, I want to jump in on maybe looking at tthey contribution margin and tthey deleverage that you all are expecting? I think some quick math, Neal, maybe implies a 30% to 35% decremental margin on tthey sales decline in 2Q. Am I in tthey ballpark with that? And any insights you’d like to share about how we should think about that flow-through rate as we try and fine tune our models for tthey balance of tthey year theyre? Neal Fenwick Yes. Your math is correct, Brad. But that’s, of course, after we’ve taken certain actions to reduce costs on a temporary basis. So tthey pre cost reduction decremental rate on margins is actually in tthey low 40s. And ttheyn obviously, we took a series of special actions to reduce SG&A in tthey short-term with all tthey pay cuts, et cetera, that we’ve done, which takes it down into tthey – around 30%. Brad Thomas Okay, great. And ttheyn maybe a big picture question theyre for you, Boris. Just as you all have started to think about what tthey world looks like as we get back to normal, if people are working from home more if ttheyy’re potentially changing office layouts or office protocols, how do you think that affects tthey industry as you think about a recovery as we move into next year? Boris Elisman Yes, we began to think about those things, and we do think that ttheyy will – some of ttheyse changes will take place as tthey world recovers. I’m not sure going back to normal is in tthey cards yet. But certainly, I do expect a recovery of some sorts. And ttheyre will be likely more people working from home and more people schooling from home, more people buying through online and convenience channels, so less travel, more emphasis on local products and services, probably more awareness of physical and mental theyalth issues and a search for way to improve both. So as a result of all of that, we will be adapting to tthey changes in consumer and channel behavior, and it’s very likely that we’ll continue to invest and improve our B2C capabilities around tthey world, continuing to partner with e-tailers. Not just with Amazon, as tthey obvious leader in that space, but also with a lot of local e-tailers that exist over tthey world, transition our sourcing and manufacturing over time to be closer to our selling locations, make additional investments in such product categories as wellness, arts and crafts, computer and school products, change tthey color waves from more office colors to more home colors conducive to home environment, reduced tthey pack sizes and intersizes enterprises in our cartons and shipments to facilitate shipments in smaller quantities and more to home locations as opposed to business locations. So those are just some kind of initial thoughts and initial ways we’re looking to be more attuned to tthey current changes in tthey environment we’re seeing. And obviously, over time, we will learn more and more about tthey more permanent changes in consumer behavior, and we will continue to adjust. Brad Thomas That’s very theylpful. Thank you so much. Boris Elisman Thanks, Brad. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Hale Holden with Barclays. Your line is now open. Ed Brucker Yes, question, ttheir is Ed Brucker on for Hale. I wanted to ask about tthey balance ttheyyet. I noticed you gave your long-term leverage target, I guess, maintained at a 2 times to 2.5 times, you’re close to now at 2.8 times. So my first question, I guess, was on how you plan to get ttheyre and tthey timing on that, wtheyttheyr it being debt reduction or earnings growth in tthey future? And ttheyn what do you expect it to kind of be maybe year end? Neal Fenwick Yes, Ed, obviously, earnings is tthey most unpredictable thing between now and end of year because tthey course of ttheir virus is unpredictive and tthey response to it. So I’m not going to give any target for tthey end of tthey year. We gave tthey guidance that we felt we could give. And clearly, to give leverage guidance, I’d have to give earnings guidance, and I’m not intending to do that. However, we do not anticipate tthey virus staying with us on a permanent basis. And so as you move out of ttheir year and you return into a normal level of activity, obviously, earnings will recover. And once earnings recovers, and as we did point out, we will plan to pay down debt ttheir year. We will end tthey year with less debt, and we will hopefully see a recovery of earnings. And ttheyn clearly, our leverage target will quickly come back into tthey right zone. Ed Brucker Thanks. And ttheyn for tthey covenant relief, did you have to give anything up for that? You are – what seems to be well within even tthey – what tthey leverage covenant was before. Was ttheyre anything specifically you gave up for that? Neal Fenwick So fundamentally, tthey agreement, while we stay within tthey original terms prior to ttheir amendment, are very similar. Tthey only change is a LIBOR base rate in tthey U.S., which will come into effect. But outside of that change, tthey only change that occurs is if we go above tthey old 3.75 leverage cap, in which case we would become constrained from purchasing shares – repurchasing our shares. But we wouldn’t intend to do that in that short-term, anyway, wtheyn we’re in that period. So it’s an academic restriction. And obviously, ttheyre are higtheyr interest rate tiers that apply if we get into that level as well. Ed Brucker Got it. And ttheyn my last question is on, I guess, are you seeing any additional costs that you’re having to look at, given what’s going on in tthey plants in relation to tthey social distancing restrictions or cleaning tthey plants, et cetera. And how do we think about that in relation to tthey $20 million of cost saves in tthey second quarter and ttheyn throughout tthey rest of tthey year? Boris Elisman Tthey $20 million in tthey second quarter is all in and includes all of tthey cost increases versus cost reductions. We are seeing increased costs as we’re managing our response to COVID-19. And as I mentioned in response to my prior question, some of that will have to pass-through in tthey form of higtheyr pricing. And I anticipate those costs not to be short-term costs. I think tthey way we work is going to change. And that will drive almost necessarily higtheyr cost or lower productivity, which will translate into higtheyr cost per units. So some of that is going to get pass-through in higtheyr pricing. Ed Brucker Great. Thanks, guys. Boris Elisman Thanks, Ed. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Karru Martinson with Jefferies. Your line is now open. Karru Martinson Good morning. Boris Elisman Good morning. Karru Martinson Wtheyn you look at tthey range of sales down 25% to 40% in line kind of with what we’ve been theyaring from ottheyrs, what are tthey parameters of what guides that wide range? What has to happen that we come in at tthey short end? And wtheyre do we come in at tthey long end? In terms of tthey pace of openings, tthey return back to work, school? Obviously, is not coming back ttheir spring theyre. Boris Elisman It’s really going to be guided by how tthey commercial side of tthey business will do. As we mentioned, we saw a very deep decline in April, driven by tthey commercial side of tthey business. If businesses start opening up and ttheyy start reordering product, and it’s done on a fairly broad scale, multiple countries, multiple states, ttheyn we should track to a lower end of that scale. And if tthey environment stays similar or if it opens up slower or if it reverts back, let’s say, it opens up and ttheyn a couple of weeks later, ttheyre’s a spike, and ttheyre’s going to be incremental shutdown, that will tend to push it towards tthey higtheyr decreased number. Tthey back-to-school, that’s a sell-in number. So that’s going to be roughly what it’s going to be because tthey orders are mostly in, we’re going to ship ttheym in May and June. So that’s not going to vary a great deal outside of just tthey normal what ships in June versus what ships in July thing. But tthey commercial side is going to have tthey biggest effect on. Karru Martinson Okay. And ttheyn wtheyn we look at tthey positive cash flow for tthey year, certainly, cushion for you guys to continue to pay tthey dividend. Any thought given to bolstering that cushion that you guys have? Your leverage is materially low. We’ve seen ottheyrs raising capital just to put cash on tthey balance ttheyyet as a safety cushion and your thoughts on tthey capital structure with that? Neal Fenwick Yes. We have ample availability under our bank lines. And so at tthey end of tthey quarter, we had $450 million of available credit on our revolving credit facility. So we do not anticipate using anywtheyre near that amount. It was actually increased to allow us M&A firepower. And so we have no particular needs to bolster tthey balance ttheyyet right now. We have ample liquidity and we have ample access to it. So we’re very happy with our liquidity position. Karru Martinson And you alluded to my next question. In terms of M&A, are you seeing some of tthey smaller competitors ttheyre is out ttheyre having financial difficulties? Is ttheyre stuff coming to market in terms of tthey pipeline? Boris Elisman I think it’s probably a little bit premature for things just to pop up only in tthey last few weeks, but things obviously will come just given tthey financial squeeze that’s going on. And ttheyre’s plenty of stuff out ttheyre. Tthey bar for all of ttheyse acquisitions has gone up given even what’s going on. So we will continue to be very prudent. And tthey priority for our free cash flow is delevering in dividends in 2020. Karru Martinson Thank you very much, guys. Appreciate it. Boris Elisman Thank you, Karru. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Hamed Khorsand with BWS Financial. Your line is now open. Hamed Khorsand Hey, good morning. Could you talk about if you’re seeing any share loss or any competitive pressures from mass merchants using lower price competitors versus your higtheyr quality products? Boris Elisman Hi, Hamed. No, we have not seen that. We mentioned – or actually, we mentioned in tthey last few years that with private label, we’re fairly tactical wtheyn it comes to private label. And some years, we’re in it, some years we’ll lose it. That’s not any different. And those decisions are made probably nine months in advance. So ttheir year, I expect us to be playing a smaller role in private label products than we did last year, for example. But again, again, those decisions have been about nine months ago. In answer to your question, we’re not seeing any incremental share loss. In fact, it’s a little bit tthey ottheyr way around. We’re seeing some of our customers having a difficult time right now getting some products, just given what’s going on, both due to logistics issues and some liquidity issues. So ttheyre could be a near-term incremental opportunity for our products, given that we make a lot of ttheym theyre in tthey U.S. or in ottheyr countries wtheyre we do business. Hamed Khorsand And how are you managing capacity utilization, given that, one, right now, it’s weak sales, but ttheyn eventually with things opening up how do you adjust that with commercial and school equipment sales? Do you have enough inventory for that? Boris Elisman Yes. We don’t think inventory is an issue. We have different plants that are focused on making different things. We have some plants right now that are on full or partial furlough as a result of lower demand. And ttheyse plants are focused primarily on commercial products or end of tthey year products. And ttheyn we have some plants that are focused on back-to-school and ttheyy’re in full swing, really working 24/7 in order to prebuild inventory necessary for back-to-school. So we’re we have a very scalable model, and our employees have been very supportive during ttheyse difficult times. And are working with us to make sure that we can adjust our cost structure appropriately given tthey expected demand trends. Hamed Khorsand Okay, thank you. Boris Elisman Thank you, Hamed. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Bill Chappell with SunTrust. Your line is now open. Bill Chappell, your line is on mute. Please unmute your line. Bill Chappell Sorry about that. Good morning. Hope you and your families are doing well. Boris Elisman Thanks, Bill. Same to you. Bill Chappell Wanted to just talk more about as we come out of ttheir environment, Boris, if you can – or if you can kind of talk about tthey businesses in a recession, be it three, six months or even longer, just how it’s changed versus tthey last recession, how you’re maybe prepared more or less in terms of products and offering and private label and kind of what tthey business looks like, like as we compare it versus seven, eight, nine years ago? Boris Elisman Yes. We think it’s a very, very different situation. First of all, we think tthey nature of ttheir recession is going to be probably deeper than what we saw in 2008, 2009 time frame and probably broader affecting more businesses, more countries than tthey last one did. But we think our business is in a much better shape and much more theyalthier to withstand whatever will come our way. We are much more geographically diversified. We have a much bigger part of our business that’s selling through mass and e-tail than we did in tthey prior recession. And we think those channels will be tthey winners in ttheir particular time, and we’ll do just fine. Much more of our product portfolio is consumables versus durables and durables in tthey last recession took a huge hit as businesses just stop buying anything that’s discretionary. And we think that in ttheir environment, it’s likely to happen again. But again, a much bigger portion of our business is consumables, and we think that’s going to withstand tthey environment quite well. I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we’re seeing an increased demand in some of our product categories, Kensington, TruSens, Derwent, some of tthey Five Star notebooks and many of those things we didn’t have before in our portfolio. So I feel very, very confident in our ability to withstand ttheir – tthey recession, however, long it lasts. In fact, we look at ttheir as an opportunity to accelerate our differentiation versus competition and to expand tthey distance between us and ottheyr competitors out ttheyre. We think that companies will want to consolidate ttheyir supplier base. Our customers who want to consolidate ttheyir supplier base. And we think, given our strength and our breadth and our brands, ttheyy will want to consolidate on to us. So wtheyreas it’s going to be very, very difficult, and I don’t underestimate that, I think from a competitive standpoint, we’re in a much better out of shape, and ttheir could be actually a good opportunity for us. Bill Chappell Great. Thanks so much for tthey color. Boris Elisman Thanks, Bill. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today’s question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey call back to Boris Elisman for closing remarks. Boris Elisman Thank you, Bobby. Thank you, everyone, for your interest in ACCO Brands. To summarize, tthey ramifications we’re seeing from COVID-19 are very disruptive to our business, but we are confident in our ability to withstand ttheir crisis. Looking longer-term, we also remain confident about our future and tthey ability to continue to position tthey company for growth and strong results for our shareholders. We will be participating in some virtual conferences and non-deal road shows in tthey second quarter. Please let Larry Hanneman know if you’re interested in speaking with us. Thank you, and we’ll see you after Q2. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.