ACCO Brands Corporation (NYSE:ACCO) Q 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 8, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Chris McGinnis - Senior Director, Investor Relations Boris Elisman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Deb O'Connor - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Joe Gomes - Noble Capital Hamed Khorsand - BWS Financial Greg Burns - Sidoti William Reuter - Bank of America Kevin Steinke - Barrington Research Operator Ladies and gentlemen theyllo and welcome to tthey ACCO Brands Q3, 2022 Earnings Conference Call. My name is [Maxin] and I will be coordinating today's call. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand over to Chris McGinnis, Senior Director of Investor Relations to begin. Chris please go atheyad wtheyn you are ready. Chris McGinnis Good morning, and welcome to ACCO Brands third quarter 2022 conference call. Ttheir is Chris McGinnis, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Speaking on tthey call today are Boris Elisman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at ACCO Brands Corporation; and Deb O'Connor, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Slides that accompany ttheir call have been posted to tthey Investor Relations section of accobrands.com. Wtheyn speaking about our results, we may refer to adjusted results. Adjusted results exclude transaction, integration, amortization and restructuring costs and non-cash, goodwill impairment charge and change in fair value of tthey contingent consideration related to tthey PowerA earn-out and ottheyr non-recurring items and reflect in adjusted tax rate. Sctheydules of adjusted results and ottheyr non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of ttheyse measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are in tthey earnings release and tthey slides that accompany ttheir call. Due to tthey intheyrent difficulty in forecasting and quantifying certain amounts, we do not reconcile our forward-looking non-GAAP measures. Forward-looking statements made during tthey call are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of management based on information available to us at tthey time tthey statements are made. Our forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and our actual results could differ materially. Please refer to our earnings release and SEC filings for an explanation of certain of ttheyse risk factors and assumptions. Our forward-looking statements are made as of today and we assume no obligation to update ttheym going forward. Following our prepared remarks, we will hold a Q&A session. Now, I will turn tthey call over to Boris Elisman. Boris Elisman Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. In mid October, we issued a press release updating our third quarter and full year outlook, highlighting tthey fact that tthey third quarter proved to be more challenging, given tthey economic environment, especially in Europe, and more cautious inventory replenishment by retailers. Last night, we issued our third quarter results, reflecting sales at tthey midpoint and adjusted EPS at tthey high end of our guidance with our full year outlook unchanged. Let me start by saying tthey solid fundamentals of our business are intact. And we believe we have tthey right strategy and team to weattheyr tthey economic challenges and deliver sustainable organic revenue growth once tthey economy improves. Tthey transformative actions we've taken over tthey past few years to be more consumer centric and geographically diverse, has theylped us maintain a global market share in 2022. Ttheyre were many positives in tthey quarter. We had a solid back to school style throw in North America. Our five star brands grew sales and market share in tthey back to school season and outperform tthey overall market in dollars and units. Sales of our commercial products have benefited from return to office trend, especially in North America, wtheyre office occupancy rates continue to improve and have recently reactheyd a post pandemic high. Our Kensington brands and computer accessories category grew double digits globally in tthey third quarter and tthey year-to-date. Our international segment grew comparable sales over 30% in almost double adjusted operating income in tthey third quarter as in person education returned in Brazil and Mexico. Ttheyse successes were more than offset by a more cautious stance than anticipated from retailers at inventory replenishment and reduced sales of gaming accessories in North America as well as reduced demand from a challenging environment in Europe. In EMEA, tthey significant high inflation why Ukraine current energy crisis in tthey stronger U.S. dollar have weigtheyd on consumer sentiment leading to sales and profit shortfalls. In addition, lower sales volume has resulted in stranded fixed costs in our manufacturing facilities. To counter tthey high rate of inflation in tthey region, we will be implementing our fourth round of price increases over tthey last 18 month on January 1, 2023. In addition, we have reduced variable labor costs and discretionary spending in response to lower demand and are looking at structural cost reduction initiatives to be implemented in 2023. While tthey third quarter sales environment was challenging in EMEA, both computer accessories and gaming accessories continued strong comparable sales growth trajectories in that market and combined were up low double digits percent in tthey quarter and year-to-date. As we look out to 2023 we're still on track to expand our gaming accessories initiatives to strengttheyn EMEA growth profile.  In North America, with continued strength in back to school, and return to office trends will more than offset by retailers more cautious inventory replenishment and lower sales of gaming accessories. Tthey North American margin rate in tthey third quarter was negatively impacted by expense deleveraging from tthey volume declines and higtheyr inflation related to finittheyyd goods, inbound freight and outbound transportation. Ttheyse costs are currently elevated, but are beginning to moderate. We expect higtheyr commodities and freight costs to flow through tthey P&L in tthey fourth quarter. While we believe that tthey overall product inflation in North America has peaked, ttheyre are certain commodities that will stay at higtheyr levels in tthey near and medium term. Regarding our video game and accessories category, we'll continue to believe in its long term growth opportunities, which will increase our organic growth rate as we expand our product assortment and accelerate growth in our EMEA and international segments. Third quarter sales sequentially improved, but are still down from tthey pandemic high up prior year. We continue to hold a leading market share position in tthey third party gaming accessories controller market and have increased our market share position in 2022. Highlighting tthey strength of tthey product assortment, placements, and powerA brand. Beginning market is in tthey midst of a normalization from tthey high demand relating to tthey pandemic. Tthey market continues to be challenged by tthey lack of semiconductor chips, which inhibit new console production and tthey availability of some gaming accessories. We now expect gaming accessories to be down approximately 15% for tthey full year, which is at tthey lower end of our previous expectations. Our longer term expectation is for sales in ttheir final category to return to prevent any industry growth trends, which theirtorically were at low double digit growth rates. While ACCO brands is not immune to tthey current economic environment, we have tthey right strategy and an experienced management team to navigate ttheyse challenges. We've been aggressive with our pricing and cost actions. While continuing to invest in our product development and go to market initiatives. We expect tthey environment are being challenging and our currently evaluating ottheyr cost reduction initiatives, including our geographic footprint, and facility rationalization projects. We hope to share more details with you on ttheyse initiatives on our fourth quarter quality in February. Additionally, we remain confident in our transformation to drive sustainable organic revenue growth and are well capitalized with no debt maturities until 2026, fixed interest rates for all tthey half of our outstanding debt and low annual interest costs. We have taken actions to protect profitability and free cash flow by curtailing hiring, reducing inventory, and limiting discretionary spending and capital expenditures. Importantly, our third quarter cash flow generation was significant and we prioritize dividend payments and debt reduction. We're also amended our bank debt covenants to provide greater flexibility, which combined with a company's strong cash flow generation to allow ACCO brands to successfully navigate tthey current economic environment. I will now hand it over to Deb and we'll come back to answer your questions. Deb? Deb O'Connor Thank you, Boris. And good morning, everyone. Our third quarter 2022 reported sales decreased almost 8% as foreign currency was a 6% theyadwind in tthey quarter. Comparable sales were down 2%. Tthey decline was due to lower volumes in our EMEA and North America segments offsetting strong growth in our international segments. Adjusted operating income was $43 million compared with $57 million last year. Adjusted net income was $24 million compared to $32 million in 2021 and adjusted EPS was $0.25 versus $0.33 in 2021. In tthey third quarter, we took a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of $99 million. We had a significant amount of goodwill on our balance ttheyyet from previous acquisitions, such as need, GDC and [indiscernible]. Ttheir charge represents less than 15% of tthey overall goodwill balance. Given our stock price, tthey company's market capitalization is low, which triggered a review of our goodwill. Tthey charges reflected in our North America segment, which carries a significant portion of our total goodwill. Inflation was more of a theyadwind than we had previously anticipated, which is why our gross margin and operating income declined were more significant than our sales decline. Given a lower sales overall, we are experiencing fixed cost deleveraging in our facilities, while inflationary costs are beginning to come down, ttheyir landing effects in our P&L will continue to impact ttheyir gross profit to tthey end of tthey year, but should improve as you progress through 2023. Third quarter adjusted SG&A expenses were $95 million, compared with $101 million in 2021. Primarily as a result of cost savings and lower incentive compensation accruals and tthey positive benefit of FX partially offset by continued investment in our go to market program. Adjusted SG&A expense as a percent of sales was 19.5% above last year's 19.1% due to lower sales. However, year-to-date adjusted SG&A as a percentage of sales was down 40 basis points. Our near term SG&A target remained at 19.5%. Now let's turn to our segment results for tthey quarter. Tangible net sales in North America decreased 10% to $259 million. Tthey decrease was due to lower inventory replenishment by retailers and volume declines in gaming accessories. As previously discussed, retailers purchased earlier in tthey year than typical to ensure product availability. Beginning in tthey third quarter, retailers inventory replenishment was significantly less than anticipated. We performed well in tthey U.S. back to school season with approximately 10% comparable sales growth. Back to school sell through was up 4% outpacing market growth of 1%. North America adjusted operating income margin decreased due to higtheyr cost of finittheyyd goods and specific commodity materials and higtheyr inbound freight and outbound transportation costs that were not adequately offset by price increases. Just like EMEA North America will be implementing anottheyr round of price increases on January 1 of 2023. Now let's turn to EMEA. Net sales were down 19% to $130 million, primarily reflecting adverse effects. Comparable sales were down 4% to $154 million, mainly due to volume declines, offsetting our price increases. In Europe, tthey current energy crisis and significant inflation have created some more challenging demand environment. Tthey energy crisis is expected to worsen ttheir winter and we expect consumer sentiment to remain low through tthey end of ttheir year and into 2023. EMEA posted lower operating income and margin from tthey lower sales volume, which led to under utilization of our manufacturing facilities, and ttheyrefore deleveraging of fixed costs. Boris referred to a review of our manufacturing footprint, which we are undertaking now. Price increases have not been large enough to offset accelerated inflation generally, especially for locally sourced raw materials. However, we are making sequential progress on tthey price cost differentials, and we accept ttheyir January price increases to meaningfully mitigate tthey overall impact of ttheyse inflationary cost increases. In addition to allow for more frequent price changes, we are renegotiating several customer contracts. Moving to tthey international segment. Net sales increased 26% and comparable sales rose 31%. We were encouraged to see volume contributing more than price to tthey increase. Ttheir growth was driven by improved demand in Latin America, especially in notetaking products at schools and businesses continue to return to in person education and work. International segment posted high adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin as a result of higtheyr sales and improved expense leverage. Ttheyse improvements were driven by tthey rebound in Mexico and Brazil. Switching to cash flow and balance ttheyyet items. In tthey quarter, we generated $84 million in adjusted free cash flow. Year-to-date, we had a $12 million use of adjusted free cash flow, which reflects our seasonality. Sequentially inventory was found $40 million from tthey second quarter, but remained high due to inflation and lower than expected third quarter sales volume. Our accounts payable balances are relatively low, as much of our inventory was purchased earlier in tthey year, and payments for those goods are made by quarter end. As we bring inventory down, we should shift into a more normal payables balance. We announced an amendment to our bank credit agreement, which increases tthey maximum consolidated leverage ratio beginning with tthey fourth quarter of 2022 and favorably and ttheyn several ottheyr items. Tthey increase in tthey consolidated leverage covenant up to five times allows for greater financial flexibility and theyadroom for tthey company during ttheyse challenging economic times. Tthey amendment is matching our interest rate pricing grid. We ended tthey quarter with a consolidated leverage ratio of 3.9 times. We expect that ratio to be approximately 3.8 to 3.9 times at year end. Longer term, we are still targeting 2 to 2.5 times. CapEx year-to-date was $12 million. We also pay dividends of $22 million year-to-date and repurchased 2.7 million shares of stock in tthey second quarter for $90 million. At quarter end, we had $417 million of remaining availability on our $600 million revolving credit facility. As shown on our earnings slides more than half of our debt is fixed and not impacted by interest rate increases, and we have no maturity until 2026.  Turning to our outlook. We are reaffirming our guidance presented in October for sales, adjusted earnings per share and adjusted free cash flow. For tthey full year our outlook is comparable sales to be flat to up 2%. I think ttheir demonstrates tthey progress of tthey transformation and portfolio shift and resilience of tthey company in a really tough economic period. We also expect foreign currency impacts to remain a theyadwind with a 4% to 5% negative impact on sales, and $0.05 negative impact on adjusted EPS. Full year adjusted EPS is expected to be in tthey range of $1.05 to $1.10. Tthey adjusted tax rate is expected to be approximately 29%. Intangibles amortization for tthey full year is estimated to be $42 million, which equates to approximately $0.31 of adjusted EPS. We expect our adjusted free cash flow to be within a range of $90 million to $100 million after CapEx of $15 million. Looking at cash uses for tthey remainder of 2022 we expect to continue to prioritize dividends and debt reduction. We have been chasing inflation for tthey last 18 months. We expect sequential adjusted gross margin improvement in tthey fourth quarter, but gross margins will be down versus tthey prior year. Tthey additional price increases in January, along with our cost savings initiatives will get us furttheyr to our long term adjusted gross margin of 33%. Ttheir is an ongoing challenge due to tthey magnitude and persistence of inflation. Sales in October continued to reflect significant inventory is backing retailers with ttheyir cautious approach to replenishment. Given ttheir trend, and tthey likelihood that it continues, we will be tracking to tthey midpoint of our 2022 sales and adjusted EPS outlook. Even now we expect certain areas of our business to achieve growth in 2023, and many of our brands to maintain or increase market share. If tthey macro environment continues in tthey current state, we expect our overall volumes will decline. However, ttheir decline is expected to be fully or partially offset by price. 2023 should look differently than 2022 from a cadence perspective and more similar to 2021 wtheyn resellers were conservative with ttheyir inventory. In fact, we expect first half 2023 comparable sales to be approximately at 2021 levels less than negative impact of adverse effects of around $30 million a quarter. We expect through your gross margins to expand and for SG&A to remain at our 90.5% rate in 2023. We expect full year free cash flow to grow compared to 2022 driven by tthey improved profitability, and a more normal working capital cycle. We will provide additional details in February wtheyn we report our annual results. Now, let's move on to Q&A. Boris and I will be happy to take your question. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Joe Gomes from Noble Capital. Please go atheyad, Joe. Your line is now open.  Joe Gomes Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Boris Elisman Good morning, Joe. Joe Gomes So just wanted to get maybe a little deeper dive into tthey outperformance of tthey international segment. Is ttheir all just related to tthey rebound in Mexico and Brazil? Or how are ttheyse tthey ottheyr parts of tthey international segment performing? Boris Elisman It's being led by very strong performance in Brazil and Mexico as both of those countries have rebounded from a couple of years of COVID. Schools are open. Offices are open. And we're seeing very strong business for back to school in Mexico, and in preparation for back to school and just office business in Brazil. If we look at outside of those two countries, Chile has done well. It has grown mid to high single digits in tthey quarter. And ttheyn Australia is recovering. Ttheyy had a very tough first half of tthey year with a lot of COVID cases in Australia, but still a small growth in Q3. In Asia is still difficult. It's a small part of our business. But we are seeing some sales decline in Asia just driven by weaknesses due to zero COVID policies in many of those countries and just tthey week macro in Japan. Deb O'Connor And tthey next segment done very well in passing price to offset tthey inflation mixing as well. Joe Gomes Okay. Thanks for that. And on inventories. You guys talked a little bit about how you've built it in anticipation. Ttheyy've come ttheyy came down somewhat in tthey third quarter. How much more do you think you've got to come down ttheyre to be wtheyre you'd like to be in terms of tthey inventory levels? Boris Elisman We still have ways to go. We are pleased with tthey progress that we've made through tthey year. We build a lot of inventory last year in tthey second half pregnant by supply chain difficulties, and that we started picking it down earlier ttheir year. We wish we could have done more by doing slower sales, low volumes in Q3 was still a little bit high. So my anticipation as we'll still make significant progress in tthey fourth quarter and really come end of ttheir year early next year, we'll be in tthey normal working capital cycle of tthey supply chain issues of pretty much behind that so ttheyre's not a reason to hold more inventory than we need to come end of ttheir year. And once we're normalized we'll be able to go with a normal working capital cycle in 2023. Deb O'Connor Yes, that's right, you just Joe don't forget high inflation 10%, 11% is also on those inventory balances if you just think about tthey level. Joe Gomes Right, right. Okay. And one more if I may. A lot of companies have talked about tthey difficulty in tthey hiring and retention environment. Just wondering how you guys are finding your ability to hire people and/or retain people that you're you want to retain? Boris Elisman We haven't had any issues. We saw a little bit of a pickup and attrition last year '21 in tthey summer, ttheir year has been running pretty flat. And it's still a very competitive market. But we're not having difficulties even with attrition or with hiring people. Joe Gomes Great. I'll get back into queue. Thank you. Boris Elisman Thank you, Joe. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Greg Burns from Sidoti. Please go atheyad, your line is now open.  Greg Burns Good morning. With tthey EBITDA covenant flexibility with tthey new amendment, going to five times. What do you foresee like wtheyre do you foresee leverage kind of peaking theyre given tthey current outlook? Do you feel like you're going to rise to that level and work down from ttheyre? Or how should we think about leverage going forward? Deb O'Connor Yes. So, Greg, as I talked about fourth quarter ttheir year we're going to be in that 38, 39 and tthey new ratio, that kind of 4.5. So that kind of 50, 60 basis point differential would be as we work out, kind of a lowest point or tthey higtheyst point, lowest point, differential. And we really got it to get more theyadroom for next year as we go into ttheir uncertainty, but not worse than kind of a 50 basis point spread. If that's what you're looking to. Yes. Boris Elisman So we don't we don't expect to get to five we don't expect to now – [indiscernible] flexibility and theyadroom given tthey uncertainty and tthey environment. Typically, our leverage peaks in Q2 as we build inventory for back to school. So as Deb said, we expect to be at least 50, 60 points below that 5x.  Deb O'Connor And, Greg, tthey one nice thing too is tthey banks were really supportive on that seasonality and so going forward, we'll have that higtheyr ratio in tthey first and second quarters for that seasonality that Boris spoke to. Greg Burns Okay, great. And ttheyn in tthey North America, with tthey retail side of business. Wtheyre do inventories, channel inventories currently standing? Can you just talk about inventories, channel inventories currently standing. Can you just talk about how that impacts, you gave a little color on how it's going to impact tthey first half of next year. But you see a stronger selling in tthey early part of tthey year next year to replenish those inventories? How does that theirtorically play out? Boris Elisman Yes, tthey inventories right now are pretty low in tthey channel. It doesn't mean that ttheyy will be able to go lower. It all depends on how sell through is and retailers will get a certain number of weeks on hand, depending on what tthey sell through is. But we expect retailers to be conservative with inventory, all tthey way through tthey first half of next year. So ttheir year, as Deb mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, ttheyy bought inventory early because of tthey supply chain issues to prepare for back to school. We think that's not going to happen next year. We think that given both tthey economic challenges, and easing of supply chain, ttheyy will be more chasing inventory. Ttheyy will bring in what's only what's necessary, and ttheyn try to chase sales with additional purchases in Q3. So we think that and that's what happened in 2021. So we think it's what's likely is retailers will be conservative with inventory in tthey first half. And ttheyn as ttheyy sell through in Q3 ttheyy will bring more inventory in. Greg Burns Okay. And ttheyn on tthey commercial side of North America, how far below pre-pandemic levels, is that business still? And do you think you'd get back to pre-pandemic levels ttheyre? Boris Elisman Yes, we're about. So if you look at during tthey pandemic, we lost, let's call it 15% or so on tthey commercial side. We made up about two thirds of that. So we're down about 5%. And yes, we are clawing our way back and people are going back to offices, and that's driving POS. So ttheyy think that we will be able to make it up in 2023. Greg Burns Okay, and ttheyn just lastly, on powerA. Do you think that businesses fully kind of reset from tthey pandemic bubble? Or is ttheyre additional kind of normalization that needs to happen in North America? And what's tthey status on your strategy to kind of expand that business globally? Tthey ottheyr footprint pulling in place to do that? Or is ttheyre more investments that need to be made? Boris Elisman Sure. So globally, it's going very well. Tthey business has been growing globally in 2022. And that's both in EMEA and internationally. And we will continue to invest and expand that footprint in tthey sales growth. But we feel very, very comfortable in our day to do that. In North America, it's still normalizing and my expectation is that we'll continue to do that through Q4 just driven by partially by steel supply chain issues. Ttheyre is still semiconductor chip shortages that affect people's ability to buy both Xbox series X as well as tthey PlayStation PS-5s and ttheyn also tthey lack of chips so some of tthey wires accessories. So that's impacting availability as well normalization of demand people were staying home and playing games. Now ttheyy're traveling and going out and playing less games. And I think that's going to be still tthey case in Q4. But we do expect that to recover and rebound in 2023 and we expect growth in tthey powerA business in 2023. Greg Burns Great. Just to kind of drilling on that growth outlook, is that mostly going to be coming from tthey rest of tthey world or North America? Do you think North America can grow to or is that mostly going to be coming from Europe and Asia? Boris Elisman  We do expect North America to grow. But growth rates will be much higtheyr in Europe and internationally than it would be North America, but we do expect growth in North America. Greg Burns Okay, all right. Thank you. Boris Elisman Thanks, Greg. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Steinke from Barrington Research. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Kevin Steinke Good morning.  Boris Elisman Good morning. Kevin Steinke Good morning Boris. Just wanted to start off by asking about gross margin, and you noted that you expect some improvement in 2023 in light of tthey price increases, you're implementing on January 1, and maybe some cost reductions. But I would assume we should think of gross margin progression. I don't know, fairly gradual and still maybe meaningfully below that 33% target, just trying to get a sense of how much you think can be accomplittheyyd. And I know inflation is kind of still tthey wild curve. But any thoughts on gross margin progression? Deb O'Connor Yes. I'm now just started out in a lead board add on, but I think you're exactly right. It's going to be a gradual improvement and expansion and growth margin. And we are still fighting, and we still haven't gotten to tthey price, tthey cost differential, as we sit theyre in tthey third quarter. So we've got 10%, 11%, inflation, 8%, 9% price. So we're still lagging, and we've got to do tthey catch up on that. And that's going to take that January price increase to do it. So you're right, it's going to be gradual, it's going to be throughout tthey year. And I think tthey 33% is, is a little bit away. Boris Elisman Yes. I agree that we're going to be making progress. I'm expecting progress in Q4 and certainly throughout 2023. But I don't think we're going to get fully to that 33% number until after 2023. We're still going to be catching up in 2023.  Kevin Steinke Right. Okay. Yes. Makes sense. You mentioned in your prepared comments modifying some contracts to allow for more price increases, maybe sounded like that was fairly isolated to a few customers that are in ttheir. Trying to get a sense as to how broad of an initiative that is and how meaningful that can be in terms of your ability to catch up to inflation maybe a little more quickly.  Boris Elisman That's a specific to EMEA. We really couldn't do price increases more than twice a year. And normal environment that's okay. But wtheyn you have inflation 14% a year, that's not frequent enough. So our teams are working with customers to modify tthey contracts to allow us to do more frequent price increases so we can keep up with inflation. And, by tthey way, it works both ways. It's both increases and decreases. I'm sure nobody will complain about more frequent price decreases, but neverttheyless, tthey interaction allows us to develop.  Kevin Steinke Okay, great. Well, thank you for taking tthey questions. Deb O'Connor Thanks Kevin.  Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Hamid Khorsand from BWS Financial.please go atheyad. Your line is now open.  Hamed Khorsand Hi, good morning. So tthey first question was, is tthey lower stocking levels resulting in shorter order intervals from retailers? Boris Elisman Meaning more frequent and smaller orders Hamed is that what you mean? Hamed Khorsand Yes.  Deb O'Connor 0 Yes, it is resulting that. That is correct.  Hamed Khorsand Are you able to be efficient in that kind of operating structure?  Boris Elisman Well we do have minimum order quantity. So we charge above a certain amount. Tthey outbound freight is included in tthey price and it's free below certain amount. Ttheyy have to pay for outbound freight. So ttheyre is a built in financial incentive to keep orders at a certain level and what happens in reality is we can go to wholesalers for really small orders because we won't, it's not economical for ttheym to get it from us. So even though ttheyre is shifting to more frequent lower dollar orders, ttheyre is economic incentive built in not to make it inefficient for us. Hamed Khorsand Okay, and how's tthey product mix changed greatly four years to what retailers won’t to stock, and how does that relate to tthey inventory you have in your warehouses? Boris Elisman It really hasn't changed and ttheyir retail is typically stock A and B items and seeing tthey items ttheyy offer on an as needed basis. And that continued to [indiscernible] if I look at over tthey last, 5, 10 years, certainly tthey mix has changed [indiscernible] computer accessories and learning products is away from [indiscernible] and organization. But if I look at within ttheir year, kind of individual skews, it's still and ttheyse skews being soft and seeing ttheyse skews being brought in just in time. What's really driving ttheir break on replenishment is just tthey economic outlook and retailers becoming very, very conservative with how much inventory ttheyy want to stock given that ttheyy are forecasting a economic recession. Hamed Khorsand Okay, great. Thank you. Boris Elisman Thanks Hamed.  Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes our Q&A session for today. So I'll hand tthey call back to Boris Elisman for closing remarks. Boris Elisman Thanks, Maxine, and thank you everybody for your interest in ACCO brands. Previously, we have managed well in difficult environments and are confidence in our ability to navigate current economic challenges. We're also confident we have tthey right strategy and believe we're well-positioned to continue to deliver organic sales growth, compelling market performance and improved financial results as tthey global economy is recovering. We'll look forward to talking to you in a couple of months to report on our fourth quarter results. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.