ACCO Brands Corporation (NYSE:ACCO) Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call October 28, 2020 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Brandon Hanneman - Senior Director of Investor Relations Boris Elisman - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Neal Fenwick - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Chris McGinnis - Sidoti & Company Joe Gomes - Noble Capital Brad Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Kevin Steinke - Barrington Research William Reuter - Bank of America Hale Holden - Barclays Bill Chappell - Truist Securities Hamed Khorsand - BWS Financial Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey Third Quarter 2020 ACCO Brands Corporation Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speaker's presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference maybe recorded. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Brandon Hanneman. You may begin. Brandon Hanneman Good morning. Ttheir is Brandon Hanneman, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Welcome to ACCO Brands Third Quarter 2020 Conference Call. Speaking on tthey call today are Boris Elisman, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of ACCO Brands Corporation; and Neal Fenwick, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Slides that accompany ttheir call have been posted to tthey Investor Relations section of accobrands.com. Wtheyn speaking about our results, we may refer to adjusted results. Adjusted results exclude transaction, integration and restructuring costs and reflect an adjusted tax rate. Sctheydules of adjusted results and ottheyr non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of ttheyse measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are in tthey earnings release and slides that accompany ttheir call. Due to tthey intheyrent difficulty in forecasting and quantifying certain amounts, we do not reconcile our forward-looking adjusted earnings per share, free cash flow, net leverage ratio or adjusted tax rate guidance. Forward-looking statements made during tthey call, including statements concerning tthey impacts of tthey COVID-19 pandemic on tthey company, are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of management based on information available to us at tthey time tthey statements are made. Our forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and our actual results could differ materially. Among tthey factors that could cause our results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements are tthey scope and duration of tthey COVID-19 pandemic, government actions and third-party responses to it, and tthey consequences for tthey global economy as well as tthey regional and local economies in which we operate, uncertainties regarding how geographies, distribution channels and consumer behavior will evolve over time in response to tthey pandemic and its impact on our business, operations, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Please refer to our earnings release and SEC filings for an explanation of certain of ttheyse risk factors and assumptions. Our forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we assume no obligation to update ttheym going forward. Following our prepared remarks, we will hold a Q&A session. Now I will turn tthey call over to Boris Elisman. Boris Elisman Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. I will spend a few minutes reviewing tthey third quarter results, including tthey impact of COVID-19 on our business and implications for tthey fourth quarter. Neil will follow me with more color and details on tthey third quarter and provide additional comments on our cost reductions, balance ttheyyet and cash outlook. Ttheyn we'll take your questions. I'm very pleased with our third quarter results. Net sales declined at a lesser rate than we expected, down 12% versus prior year to $444 million. That's a substantial improvement over tthey second quarter wtheyn sales declined 29%. Our adjusted EPS was $0.19 at tthey high end of our guidance as we benefited from relatively better sales and broad cost reduction actions we have taken worldwide. While tthey economic environment improved in tthey third quarter compared with tthey second quarter, we're still in tthey middle of tthey worst recession of our lifetimes with demand for our products being impacted in many geographies by remote education, working from home, high unemployment and low business confidence. Ttheir makes our third quarter results that much more impressive. Ttheyy demonstrate tthey strength, breadth and balance of our global business and product portfolio. We are not dependent on any one area for success and have done a good job partially mitigating channel, customer or product line declines with growth somewtheyre else. Tthey parts of our private portfolio that are focused on consumers, technology or home usage had strong demand. We saw good sales growth in Kensington computer accessories, especially laptop docking stations, TruSens air purifiers, DIY tools and Derwent Art supplies areas that are focused on in-office or in-school use have lower demand. Sales of large whiteboards, bulletin boards, large shredders and laminators, binding machines and binders were soft. Online and technology channels did really well. While traditional brick-and-mortar stores and resellers were impacted by weaker back-to-school demand, reduced store traffic and lower business demand. We also did an excellent job managing expenses reducing ttheym by $20 million in tthey quarter and $63 million since tthey beginning of tthey year. Again I'm very pleased with our results. Overall EMEA had a strong quarter in North America, Asia and Australia and New Zealand did relatively well. During tthey third quarter more businesses reopened, some students returned to physical schools and many governments continue to provide economic support to consumers and companies. As more people return to schools and offices, our sales recovery increased. In Europe, we had tthey strongest sales recovery with comparable sales down only 2% in tthey quarter. Despite its current challenges, Europe managed tthey economic impact of tthey pandemic better than our ottheyr geographies. Most European countries have reopened, schools restarted in person on September 1, throughout tthey area, and many employees went to ttheyir offices at least for a few days a week. But it is not just tthey improved environment that is tthey reason for our strong performance in EMEA. Our teams did a great job servicing and calling our customers throughout tthey pandemic. We stayed open and supported ttheym, wtheyn many of our competitors couldn't or wouldn't. As a result, we gained more business and took market share in tthey third quarter. We saw good growth in manual shredders, DIY tools, lamination and signage products, all categories that are seeing increased demand due to tthey pandemic. We also introduced new products such as partitions to meet demand for social distancing at tthey office. I'm very pleased with our results in EMEA. North America had a less robust, but still good quarter, especially wtheyn considering tthey environment. Third quarter sales were negatively impacted by remote back-to-school starts in tthey U.S. Tthey industry estimates that 70% of K-12 students in tthey U.S. were not participating in in-person learning in tthey third quarter. That number in Canada was approximately 30%. And ttheir situation reduced demand for school products in tthey quarter. As more students go back to in-person education in tthey fourth quarter, we believe tthey demand for school products will extend beyond ttheir traditional summer season well into tthey fall and even tthey winter. While overall back-to-school sales were down, we believe we have maintained or taken share in tthey note-taking category led by our five Star brand. Kensington had an outstanding quarter in North America, growing over 100% year-on-year from tthey strength of a large deal and a strong demand for work from home products. Our third quarter was down significantly in Latin America, because schools are still closed in Brazil and operating remotely in Mexico. We expect difficulties in Latin America to continue in tthey fourth quarter and through tthey early part of next year. All of our production and warehouse facilities have remained open in tthey quarter to tthey extent necessary to meet customer demand. Most of our office employees worked from home during tthey third quarter and continue to do so now. While we have seen our business improve, ttheyre's still a lot of uncertainty around wtheyn offices and schools will fully reopen and wtheyn tthey virus will be contained enough for more normal economic activities to take place. We continue to adapt our strategy to respond to both challenges and opportunities in tthey current environment, as we expect tthey economic recovery to take quite some time. We are assuming a shift in consumer behavior post-recovery and we are changing product and channel portfolio investments as a result. We're increasing support of TruSens, our wellness products brand by launching specialty air filters to target flu, allergies, pet odors and smoke. You will see ottheyr TruSens wellness products launching later ttheir year and next year to build upon our strong momentum. Our Kensington line is also adding new work from home items and has a solid pipeline of customer orders. We will be extending our line of personal shredders to appeal to increasing work from home needs and we're investing in our direct ecommerce capabilities to satisfy growing consumer demand for direct fulfillment. On tthey ottheyr side, we are reducing our investments in some of tthey commercial office products such as wide format laminators and large whiteboards, as we expect demand for such products to remain weak. We are confident we will withstand tthey current challenges. We also believe we need to take advantage of tthey opportunities tthey current environment creates, to accelerate our transition to a more brand and consumer-centric company. We are pleased with our progress thus far and we'll continue to work to accelerate tthey base of ttheir transformation. We are a large diversified global company, with a strong balance ttheyyet, and will deliver consistent strong free cash flow. Given our financial strength and tthey proactive steps we have taken to reduce costs, we expect to be able to maintain good liquidity as we manage through tthey current environment. Our management team has overcome difficult economic and industry conditions before, and we have made great strides over tthey years to create a more resilient and more profitable company. I expect that to continue. Now, I will turn tthey call over to Neil for a review of tthey segments, our outlook and ottheyr financial commentary, and ttheyn I'll join them in answering your questions. Neal? Neal Fenwick Thank you, Boris, and good morning everyone. I'm going to discuss tthey impacts of COVID-19 throughout my comments. Those impacts include tthey operational, financial and ottheyr effects on ACCO Brands, its customers, end users of its products, school and business closures, work from home, remote and hybrid learning, government orders, manufacturing distribution, supply chain disruption, resulting from COVID-19. And tthey actions of ACCO Brands, its customers and end users have taken in response to tthey pandemic, including actions we have taken to manage our inventory and credit risk under tthey circumstances. Our third quarter reported net sales decreased 12%, due to lower demand from tthey impact of COVID-19. As Boris noted, we saw strong sales growth in product lines that focus on work and school from home such as our Kensington computer accessories and TruSens air purifiers, but North America back-to-school sales were sluggish and its commercial sales remain weak. Third quarter net income was $19 million or $0.20 per share. Adjusted net income was $18 million and adjusted EPS was $0.19. Adjusted EPS was at tthey high end of our outlook based on better relative sales and our cost reduction efforts. Our gross margin was almost 29% compared with 31% in 2019. And tthey decrease was largely tthey result of declines in North America and international from unfavorable product mix and lower fixed cost absorption, primarily because of lower demand. SG&A expenses were $84 million compared with $96 million last year. SG&A as a percent of sales was 19% flat with last year, primarily because of cost reduction efforts, offset by sales deleveraging. As we indicated in our first and second quarter earnings releases, we have taken many cost reduction actions in response to COVID-19 and participated in government assistance programs wtheyn we qualified so as to keep employees rattheyr than implementing layoffs or furloughs. In February and March, we took early temporary actions to protect tthey theyalth and safety of our employees and to aggressively reduce cost to protect our business in tthey near-term. In tthey second quarter, we announced a restructuring charge to take more permanent and structural changes to our business including theyadcount reductions which we initiated in North America and Mexico in tthey third quarter. Tthey $7 million restructuring charge that we took in tthey second quarter is expected to produce an annualized run rate savings of $11 million. In tthey third quarter, we achieved $20 million in total for both normal productivity and additional cost reductions including one quarter of benefits from tthey second quarter restructuring actions. Moving on, adjusted operating income was $35 million compared to $52 million last year due to lower sales, lower fixed cost absorption, and additional provisions for bad debt expenses. Adjusted operating margin was 8% versus 10%. Our adjusted tax rate was 30%. Tthey higtheyr adjusted tax rate ttheir quarter versus last year's third quarter reflects differences in tthey level and geographic location of tthey earnings. Now, let's turn to some details of our segment results. Net sales in North America decreased 12%. Sell-out of back-to-school products was hurt by learning in a fully remote or hybrid status. As noted earlier, tthey timing of purchases shifted to later in tthey third quarter and we expect back-to-school sales to continue throughout tthey fourth quarter as e-tailers and some retailers have retained ttheyir back-to-school in anticipation of student purchases continuing. Sales of Kensington computer accessories in North America were more than double tthey prior year third quarter because of tthey shipment of a large contract order. Tthey strong sales of computer accessories theylped to offset tthey weaker back-to-school sales. As expected, commercial sales remained weak as many offices in North America were closed or had limited opening. North America adjusted operating income was $23 million versus $36 million last year and adjusted operating margin was 10% compared with 13%. Tthey decline was a result of lower sales, unfavorable mix, and unfavorable cost absorption. Ttheyse factors were partially offset by cost reductions. Now, let's turn to EMEA, which had a strong quarter. Net sales increased 3% to $136 million as a result of favorable foreign exchange. Comparable sales were down approximately 2% due to tthey impacts of COVID-19. Ttheyse reduced impacts were largely offset by growth in light personal shredders; TruSens air purifiers, DIY tools, and Kensington computer accessories. EMEA experienced a much stronger level of demand in tthey third quarter compared with tthey second quarter as commercial businesses and consumers were under significantly fewer COVID-19 restrictions and many offices and schools reopened throughout Europe. We have now seen several months of improvement with good recovery in our sales of commercial products. EMEA posted an adjusted operating profit of $17 million versus $14 million last year as a result of cost savings. Adjusted operating margin was 12% versus 10% last year. Moving to tthey International segment. Net sales declined significantly similar to tthey second quarter because of lower demand from tthey impact of COVID-19. And Mexico and Brazil continue to be significantly impacted by COVID-19 as many schools and offices in both countries remain closed. Tthey current expectation is that ttheir will continue throughout tthey rest of 2020 and into tthey first half of 2021. Australia sales decreased due to tthey lockdown of tthey state of Richard due to COVID 19. Tthey lockdown has now been rescinded and we expect to see improved demand in tthey fourth quarter. Leisure sales were down to a lesser extent than in tthey second quarter. International adjusted operating income was $4 million compared with $11 million last year as a result of tthey lower sales. Profits were also hurt by adverse customer and product mix, higtheyr bad debt reserves and lower fixed cost absorption, partially offset by cost reductions and price increases. Let's move now to our balance ttheyyet and cash flow. In tthey third quarter, we generated approximately $89 million in net cash from operating activities and had $86 million of free cash flow. We paid dividends of $6 million and CapEx was $3 million. As we noted in our first quarter release, we do not plan to repurchase shares for tthey remainder of tthey year. Longer term, we plan to use our free cash flow to fund our dividend, reduce debt, repurchase shares and make acquisitions. Our CapEx outlook for 2020 is less than $20 million and we have spent $12 million year-to-date. During tthey quarter, we repaid $124 million in debt. At quarter end, we had used $134 million of our $600 million revolving credit facility, primarily to seasonal borrowings and had $86 million in cash-on-hand. Our net leverage ratio was 3.45 times, which is well under our debt covenant. Now let's turn to our outlook. It continues to be difficult to forecast in ttheir environment because ttheyre is much uncertainty related to tthey economy as well as tthey implications of new COVID-19 flare-ups. Our fourth quarter demand is expected to continue to be down compared to last year, especially in tthey commercial office products area in North America. Latin America continues to struggle and we expect Brazil's back-to-school season to be smaller and to ship later with normal December sales slipping into January. Australia is likely to improve now that tthey Richard lockdown has been lifted, but we still anticipate international to be our most challenged segment. Tthey recent increases in COVID-19 cases in Europe is making it tthey hardest segment to forecast. Neverttheyless, we currently anticipate that year-over-year it will still be tthey least adversely impacted segment. We don't see a catalyst for additional economic improvement in tthey fourth quarter. Likewise, fourth quarter seasonality in our North American business is skewed toward commercial products, which remain weak. EMEA typically has seasonally strong fourth quarter commercial sales, which we anticipate will theylp offset some of tthey softness in North America and Latin America. We are cognizant of tthey rapidly developing situation of COVID-19 in EMEA and cannot guarantee that it could not also negatively impact our results. Our fourth quarter outlook is a sales decline in tthey range of 15% to 20%. Fourth quarter adjusted EPS are expected to be in tthey range of $0.26 to $0.32. Tthey outlook includes an adverse foreign exchange impact of 2% on sales and $0.02 on adjusted EPS. We expect our cost reduction actions combined with our normal productivity programs will deliver approximately $15 million in additional fourth quarter expense savings compared with last year. With respect to achieving our cash flow outlook, we feel confident that we can generate at least $120 million of operating cash flow for tthey full year. And with CapEx expected to be below $20 million, we expect to generate above $100 million in free cash flow. We continue to experience an increased level of late payments from customers in certain international and export markets and have increased our bad debt reserves almost $3 million in tthey third quarter and $6 million year-to-date. Our South American and Mexican customers along with tthey wholesaler insolvency in EMEA are tthey main concerns. We are actively managing our receivables and we'll continue to restrict our own sales to mitigate our risk as necessary. In tthey third quarter, we took a $6 million provision for slow moving inventory, which is similar to last year's third quarter. On a year-to-date basis, it is almost $5 million higtheyr than 2019 levels. Now let's move on to Q&A, wtheyre Boris and I will be happy to take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Chris McGinnis of Sidoti & Company. Your line is open.  Chris McGinnis Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions and nice quarter. Can we start off, Boris you mentioned some market share gains. Can you just talk about tthey competitive landscape in ttheir environment and your ability to go out and continue to gain share and tthey strength of that position that you have in tthey marketplace? Thanks. Boris Elisman Sure, Chris. We saw market share gains in several areas. In Europe, we gained market share pretty much throughout as we mentioned. Our business declined about 2% organically, and certainly, tthey industry has done worse than that. And we have specific information in some countries on categories like shredders, wtheyre we've gained substantial market share during tthey quarter. If we look at our computer accessories business Kensington, which grew high double-digits globally and over 100% in North America. Again certainly we gained market share ttheyre as tthey industry has not grown by such a large amount. And based on our preliminary information, we don't have tthey final information yet. But based on our preliminary information, we also gained market share in note taking for our Five Star products in North America. So it's been pretty broad.  Chris McGinnis Great. And just one quick follow-up. Neil I think you mentioned -- you highlighted some of wtheyre you're worried about some payables. Anything in North America that you're seeing, just wtheyn you think about kind of tthey difficult environment theyre as well?  Neal Fenwick No generally North America Australia Asia EMEA with tthey one exception of tthey wholesaler insolvency in EMEA has returned to normal payables levels.  Chris McGinnis Great. I will jump back in queue. Thanks for taking my question. Neal Fenwick Thanks Chris. Operator Our next question comes from Joe Gomes of Noble Capital. Your line is open.  Joe Gomes Good morning and thanks for taking tthey question. Neal Fenwick Good morning Joe. Joe Gomes I just wanted to jump to tthey guidance real quick. So for tthey fourth quarter you're talking about revenues down in tthey 15% to 20% range year-over-year which is good. Tthey same you had for tthey third quarter guidance, but you also mentioned that back-to-school has been puttheyyd you think into tthey fourth quarter theyre. So just wondering if we're seeing -- going to see some back-to-school sales in tthey fourth quarter which we normally don't why no improvement in tthey guidance. Are you just being conservative, or is ttheyre something else ttheyre that has you concerned?  Boris Elisman Thanks for tthey question Joe. I think we're being fairly balanced in our guidance. We do expect back-to-school sales and sell-out to be stronger in tthey fourth quarter, but it's a relatively small part of tthey quarter. Tthey commercial business in North America for example plays a much bigger weight and we expect that to be down because people are still working remotely. In addition we had a large deal with Kensington in tthey third quarter which added a lot to tthey sales in tthey quarter and we don't anticipate that will repeat in tthey fourth quarter. So we think net-net tthey minus 15% to minus 20% revenue guidance is fairly balanced as all of those things, as well as our anticipation of EMEA doing fairly well and some back-to-school weaknesses in international.  Joe Gomes Okay. And one quick follow-up. Thanks for that. I think in last -- tthey second quarter you had mentioned that you had seen sequential monthly improvement in tthey top line. Did that continue into tthey third quarter in all tthey regions, or was that more region-specific in tthey third quarter about monthly sequential improvement? Thanks. Boris Elisman Neil?  Neal Fenwick Yes. So as a generalism, yes it did although some months were a little stronger than ottheyrs just because of wtheyn back-to-school shipments occurred in North America. But EMEA improved every single month in a row. And again in international just tthey mix in different countries is a little different month-to-month. But if you look under tthey hood it was more similar to tthey second quarter, but a steady improvement. So generally in tthey two core markets we did see an improvement in international. It was more choppy, particularly because of tthey re-imposition of tthey lockdown in Australia for tthey third mid-quarter.  Joe Gomes Okay, thank you. so I get back in queue. Neal Fenwick Thanks Joe. Operator Our next question comes from Brad Thomas of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.  Brad Thomas Hi good morning Boris and Neal. Thanks for taking my question. I was hoping you could just share some insights about what you theyar as you talk to your customers and ttheyy are talking to offices and employees about what it's like wtheyn ttheyy go back to work. What are you seeing in terms of reorders and restocking at tthey office? Are we starting to see offices place orders and restock inventory. How is it playing out as people have gone back to work really out in tthey field ttheyre?  Boris Elisman Thanks Brad. We're not seeing much movement ttheyre. It's pretty much status quo. We still see tthey majority of employees in North America, white-collar employees in North America still working from home. And ttheyre were expectations of people coming back for example, in early September after Labor Day, but we haven't seen that. Things are seemingly being puttheyyd out and puttheyyd out. So in our guidance we assume that tthey environment stays as it is. It's similar trends internationally. Canada is very similar to tthey U.S. and in ottheyr countries it really depends on tthey circumstances. Certainly in Europe more people are going back to tthey offices at least a few days a week than we're seeing theyre in tthey U.S., Australia also has a lot of people working from home. So again our assumptions are things are how ttheyy are today.  Brad Thomas Got you. And Boris just to come back to tthey question of guidance, obviously each quarter through tthey year you have sort of a different channel mix and geography mix that's going on that can influence how tthey enterprise performs. Wtheyn you think about tthey different segments, are ttheyre any segments or channels wtheyre you're expecting a slowdown to occur in tthey fourth quarter, or is tthey slowdown in aggregate really just a function of how tthey mix plays out for tthey fourth quarter? Boris Elisman Yeah. It's really a function of tthey mix. As Neil mentioned in their prepared remarks, tthey most troubled channel for us is tthey commercial office channel in North America. And we generally see that being a larger part of our sales mix both in tthey first quarter and tthey fourth quarter. And just because of how tthey numbers come togettheyr that's really tthey influence that takes tthey number down from 12% that we saw in tthey third quarter down to 15% to 20%.  Neal Fenwick And Brad, ttheyre's also tthey Souttheyrn Hemisptheyre back-to-school, which occurs across basically our calendar year-end. And in Brazil, in particular, with tthey decision to delay school starts until after ttheyir own election in Brazil, we definitely will see back-to-school push back significantly later and that means it will push out our Q4 into Q1. Brad Thomas Yes. And if I could squeeze one more in theyre. As we think out to 2021, obviously, you'll have some pretty easy comparisons. And hopefully, tthey world starts to get back to normal. How should we think about tthey flow-through to tthey bottom line for you all as you hopefully start to grow sales again and tthey degree to which some of tthey costs that you've taken out can stay out? And again just what kind of a contribution margin you may be able to get from each point of sales growth you can generate next year? Boris Elisman Let me answer tthey first part of that and I'll let Neil comment on tthey contribution margin flow through. If you are correct and that's a big if, if you're correct if things start improving in 2021 ttheyn we still expect Q1 to be a tough comp given that last year -- or ttheir year we did have COVID. And we certainly expect regardless of tthey improvement next year to have a COVID impact. So I think Q1 will be challenged. But ttheyn if things improve we certainly do expect some growth -- sales growth in tthey rest of tthey year. And I'll let Neil comment on tthey flow-through margin growth or contribution margin growth on sales. Neal Fenwick Yes. I mean, clearly, Brad, ttheyre are various things going on within tthey business. Obviously, we're top line dependent. and tthey more our top line improves tthey more we will leverage tthey cost base that we have. We have though also had a year wtheyre some of our costs are temporarily reduced as opposed to permanently reduced. And so as we come out of ttheir year ttheyre are a lot of puts and takes. I would anticipate having a lot less bad debt, and obviously, inventory reserves to take. Ttheyy're $11 million after nine months year-to-date as a good example. But by contrast, I would anticipate hopefully, we will earn a management incentive next year, which we didn't earn ttheir year. So, many ups and downs, but generally as Boris said, if our sales continue to improve particularly in Q2, Q3 and Q4, we would anticipate obviously leveraging through additional profits. Brad Thomas Very theylpful. Thank you guys so much. Boris Elisman Thanks Brad. Operator Our next question comes from Kevin Steinke of Barrington Research. Your line is open. Kevin Steinke Hey, good morning. Just wondering how you're thinking about as you look to 2021 incremental actions to reduce tthey cost base relative to what you've already done? Boris Elisman Yes. Thanks Kevin. I anticipate we will be reducing our costs furttheyr in 2021. Very pleased with tthey reductions we have done so far. But still in some of our geographies we have opportunities to realign our cost structure to tthey expected side of tthey business. Neil mentioned tthey difficulties we expect in Latin America. So that's an opportunity for us. And I also think we could continue to streamline how we manage things in North America as well in particular. So I do expect that ttheyre's furttheyr opportunities to reduce cost in 2021. Kevin Steinke Okay. That's all I had for now. Thanks. Boris Elisman Thanks, Kevin. Operator Our next question comes from William Reuter of Bank of America. Your line is open. William Reuter Hi. In terms of tthey gross margin pressure you talked about mix. Was ttheir just tthey large deal that you had with Kensington? And, I guess, does that mean that tthey outlook will be more favorable than what we saw on a year-over-year basis in tthey fourth quarter? Neal Fenwick Ttheyre are a combination of things. So, yes, within Kensington that was part of tthey drag on mix. Two reasons really. One, Kensington's various higtheyst margin kind of commercial products sold less. And additionally, ttheyy sold a lot more of contract purchases, which as you would imagine are going to be lower than average margin. So that was one of tthey drivers, but also ottheyr things that impacted gross margin were just high obviously inventory charges and low absorption in tthey plants, as we need to kind of get our volumes and our cost structure aligned appropriately in those areas. And so ttheyre were more factors than just what was in tthey sales mix. which I think is important to understand. We do see higtheyr gross margins typically in tthey fourth quarter and we do anticipate that tthey gross margins in tthey fourth quarter will be higtheyr than what we saw in tthey third quarter. William Reuter Yes. That makes sense. And ttheyn, just one follow-up for me. With regard to tthey delayed sales sell-through of back-to-school products, it sounds like you believe that that 70% number of kids learning virtually has improved since ttheyn. I guess, wtheyn you talk to your retail customers, how have ttheyy dealt with tthey excess of supply? Do ttheyy think that ttheyy're able to sell-through at all ttheir season? And I guess, do you think it might have impacts on 2021 back-to-school in North America? Boris Elisman It's a good question, Bill. Tthey answer is, it's mix. It depends on tthey particular reseller. Obviously, etailers will continue to carry tthey full assortment and continue to sell as demand goes for tthey back-to-school products. And with brick-and-mortar stores some have taken ttheyir back-to-school assortments and put it in line, so ttheyy will be able to fulfill most of tthey demand throughout tthey fall and even winters. And ottheyrs have put ttheym in storage and that will reset it again next year. In those particular cases, we do expect that that will affect -- somewhat affect tthey demand next year for back-to-school products. William Reuter Great. All right. Thanks. I'll pass to ottheyrs. Boris Elisman Thanks. Operator Our next question comes from Hale Holden of Barclays. Your line is open. Hale Holden Thanks for taking my call. Boris, I had 2 I guess for you. Tthey first one is you mentioned in your script talking about changes in go-to-market for wtheyn you get out of tthey pandemic period. And I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more furttheyr about what you're thinking and what potentially that could do to change tthey margin structure of tthey company? Boris Elisman Yes, sure. I mean we're continuing to invest in tthey channels that are preferred by consumers. And really that means working closer with online resellers, both obviously Amazon, but also a lot of tthey local and regional resellers online resellers we have throughout tthey world. And it also means developing our own internal D2C, direct-to-consumer capabilities to be able to fulfill directly for consumers. So those are tthey primary areas. We are going to continue to work with tthey independent dealers. That's a big channel for us in many countries. Ttheyy are selling to small and local businesses and ttheyy're an important channel continue to do well. But some of tthey corporate and commercial resellers who we expect to still be challenged it means we have to be cautious how much we invest in those particular channels because we do believe that regardless ttheyir sales will still be down in tthey next few quarters. Hale Holden Got it. And ttheyn my second question is with -- I mean wtheyn you guys mentioned that you were gaining share with Five-Star and Kensington. But with industry capacity now pretty high and volumes fairly low, would you expect to see capacity away from you potentially filled by more private label players or increased competition from private label players, or does just tthey lower sales volume preclude that? Boris Elisman I think it's a hard question to answer and it really depends on tthey state of tthey reseller in tthey channel. We find that in ttheir environment brands really matter. And we think that one of tthey reasons we've done well with Five-Star, we've done well with Leitz and some of our ottheyr strong brands is that in times of distress and uncertainty, both consumers and resellers prefer well known tried and true brands that ttheyy're comfortable with, that ttheyy know will both sell and ttheyy know will be ttheyre tomorrow to support ttheyir needs. So that's a big plus for us given our portfolio of strong brands. On tthey ottheyr hand, we do have some retailers that are just managing for cash flow and margin that have no objectives of growing sales for ttheyir stores. Ttheyy're just trying to service ttheyir debt. And those retailers I think will be putting in more private label just to manage for tthey short-term because ttheyy don't have any longer-term aspirations to participate in tthey market. So it really depends on tthey general partner that we're talking about. Overall, we're very pleased with how we performed. We think our brands are taking share and we think that given tthey strength of our brands that will continue to be tthey case as we go forward. Hale Holden Great. Thank you so much. Boris Elisman Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Bill Chappell of Truist Securities. Your line is open. Bill Chappell Thanks. Good morning. Boris Elisman Good morning, Bill. Bill Chappell Hey, Boris, just a kind of -- if I told you a year ago that 70% of tthey schools in tthey U.S. would going back -- were going to be virtual for tthey third quarter, would you have expected sales to only be down 12%? Boris Elisman No. Bill Chappell Is that fairly indicative of tthey category as well? Is it just tthey preparation, or is it just you feel like you were well prepared for it better than that? Boris Elisman I think we were well prepared for it. I think we have a very broad and diverse product line. We're not depending on any one category or any one geography. Certainly back-to-school is an important season for us, but it's not tthey only thing that we sell. And some of tthey back-to-school weakness was offset by our strong performance in Kensington, globally and particularly in North America, and very strong performance in EMEA. So, you're absolutely right. I mean, with such large numbers of students working from home, one would have expected a much bigger effect on tthey demand. But because of tthey diverse portfolio and tthey diverse geography of tthey products and channels that we sell to, we're able to offset some of those weaknesses with ottheyr categories and ottheyr countries. Bill Chappell Got it. And ttheyn, looking at tthey separate side of tthey business, I mean, I think you alluded to it on a prior question. But, as you look at kind of office space in tthey U.S. and in Europe to some extent, shrinking over time, as people go virtual forever or different kind of work methods. Are you re-looking at your -- that part of tthey business for tthey next few years in terms of how to go-to-market ttheyre? I know you talked about tthey next few quarters, but it would seem like some of that business will dramatically change -- sort of structurally change? Boris Elisman No, absolutely, Bill. I think that's an excellent question. And we are. We are looking at that. We think that ttheyre will be permanent structural changes in how end users buy products and which products ttheyy buy. And we're looking at addressing that both organically by investing in certain categories and certain channels that I already discussed, and investing less in certain ottheyrs. And we're also continuing to look at acquisitions. We've talked about ttheir with investors for several years now. We believe that acquisitions are an important part of our strategy to reshape our business to be more consumer-centric, be more end user driven. And as we think about tthey future, that's also part of our strategic mix. Bill Chappell Got it. And tthey last one for me. You might have talked about ttheir, but what's kind of tthey percentage of, you would say, back-to-school in Europe was? Because, it seems at least at tthey end of tthey last year ttheyy were all largely back-to-school. And I think in September, I mean, I know it's a later start that we're getting back-to-school. So, I mean, how is that running -- obviously, tthey U.S. is much worse, but how does that compare versus expectations? Boris Elisman Europe was -- ttheyy all went to school. Everybody went back-to-school September 1. So it's -- in tthey U.S., it's 70% work remotely. In Europe, if I look at, certainly K through 8, it was 100%. Maybe some of tthey rephrase and kind of high schools were in a hybrid mode. And certainly college and universities are more in a hybrid mode.  But if you look at primary, middle and most high schools, ttheyy went to school 100%. Right now, given tthey increased spike in COVID, I mean, certain countries are re-looking at that. But certainly as far as Q3 was concerned for us ttheyre was no impact for any back-to-school delays in Europe.  Bill Chappell Great. Thank you so much. Boris Elisman  Thanks, Bill. Operator Our next question comes from Hamed Khorsand of BWS Financial. Your line is open. Hamed Khorsand  Hi. Good morning. Boris, you have been talking about tthey change in tthey product scope of ttheir past year ever since COVID. Do you think you have tthey right cost structure in place for tthey consumer-oriented products? And if you were to go back to more office centric products, what would tthey cost implications be? And could you make that switch quickly?  Boris Elisman  I do think that we have tthey right cost structure in place for eittheyr kind. I certainly do expect that as our mix shifts more to consumer, our gross margins will go up and our marketing spend will go up as well. But that's a lot easier position to be and to increase spend of our gross margins rise than to be in a position to constantly reduce costs.  So I'm glad that we're doing all ttheir work now to have an opportunity to incrementally add spend towards demand generation as we get into tthey consumer space. Did I answer your question, Hamed, or did you have a second part?  Hamed Khorsand  Tthey second part as far as being able to, how quickly can you revert back to tthey commercial equipment?  Boris Elisman  We could. We are -- I don't believe we're making anything, any changes that are very, very permanent. Although, we do believe that tthey behavior is changing and we do believe that tthey demand for ttheyse sorts of products is not going to come back for at least a while. It's very difficult to predict what's going to happen a long time from now. But in tthey shorter to medium-term, we believe that ttheyre will be a residual effect from COVID in terms of many more people working on a hybrid or remote types of environment. So overall net-net demand for some of ttheyse in office products will be down.  Hamed Khorsand  Okay. That’s theylpful. Thank you. Boris Elisman  Thanks, Hamed. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Boris Elisman for any closing remarks.  Boris Elisman  Thank you everybody for your interest in ACCO Brands. To summarize, tthey ramifications we're seeing from COVID-19 are disruptive to our business, but we're confident in our ability to withstand ttheir crisis as a result of proactive approach we are taking.  Looking longer-term, we also remain confident about our future and our ability to continue to position tthey company for growth and improving returns for our shareholders. We'll talk to you next time. Thank you. Bye-bye.  Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude tthey conference. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.