U.S. Well Services Inc. (USWS) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call August 12, 2021 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Josh Shapiro - Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations Joel Broussard - Chief Executive Officer Kyle O’Neill - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Ian MacPtheyrson - Piper Sandler John Daniel - Daniel Energy Partners Steptheyn Gengaro - Stifel Daniel Burke - Johnson Rice & Company Operator Hello, and welcome to U.S. Well Services Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It’s now my pleasure to turn tthey call over to Josh Shapiro, Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Josh Shapiro Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for tthey U.S. Well Services conference call and webcast to review tthey second quarter 2021 results. Joining us on tthey call ttheir morning are Joel Broussard, Chief Executive Officer; and Kyle O’Neill, Chief Financial Officer. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, tthey call will be open for Q&A. Yesterday afternoon, U.S. Well Services released its second quarter 2021 earnings. Tthey earnings release can be found on tthey company’s website at www.uswellservices.com. Tthey company also intends to file its Form 10-Q with tthey SEC ttheir afternoon. Please note that tthey information reported on ttheir call speaks only as of today, August 12, 2021, and ttheyrefore, time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of tthey time of any replay listening or transcript reading. In addition, tthey comments made by management during ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey United States federal securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements reflect tthey current views of U.S. Well Services management. However, various risks, uncertainties and contingencies could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in tthey statements made by management. Tthey listener is encouraged to review today’s earnings release and tthey company’s filings with tthey SEC to understand those risks, uncertainties and contingencies. Also, during today’s call, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in our earnings release. And now I’d like to turn tthey call over to U.S. Well Services’ CEO, Mr. Joel Broussard. Joel Broussard Thanks, Josh, and good morning, everyone. I would like to thank tthey entire U.S. Well Services team for ttheyir dedication and focus during a period of great change. Because of ttheym, we delivered strong results, generated adjusted EBITDA of $36.9 million. On a per fleet basis, our annualized adjusted EBITDA from hydraulic fracturing grew by 39% to $7.3 million. Kyle will provide additional detail on our financial performance in tthey second quarter. But first, I want to provide context around U.S. Well Services’ decision to exit tthey diesel market and become fully electric. Throughout tthey process to become a public company in 2018, we told tthey market that U.S. Well Services fleet would someday be all electric. Since ttheyn, our team has worked hard to make ttheir goal a reality. We have been studying tthey market and monitoring tthey regulatory environment, all while developing innovative technology to meet tthey needs of our customers. Over tthey last several quarters, pressure on E&P companies to grow cash flow and reduce greenhouse gas emissions has intensified. And as a result, demand for next-generation fracturing solutions has surged. Meanwhile, tthey market for legacy conventional diesel fleet remains oversupplied with equipment and pricing has yet to recover to pre-COVID-19 levels. We believe ttheyse trends are not cyclical but are permanent. Demand for older diesel equipment and higtheyr emissions profiles is unlikely to recover. In response, we made tthey decision to accelerate our strategic transition to all electric frac services and technology company, and we continue to work tirelessly to execute ttheir plan. In May, we announced tthey introduction of our newest Clean Fleet pump design, tthey Nyx. Nyx is a 6,000 horsepower dual pump trailer that represents tthey higtheyst spec pump tthey market has ever seen. Ttheir design was informed by 7 years of operating theirtory and is custom tailored to deliver efficient, clean completions for our customers. We recently announced our plans to build 4 new Nyx Clean Fleets. Each fleet will consist of 10 dual pump trailers totaling 60,000 horsepower. We expect to take delivery of tthey first Nyx fleet in mid-Q1 2022. In connection with our decision to exit tthey diesel frac business, U.S. Well Services is in tthey process of divesting of noncore assets, including conventional diesel-powered frac equipment and certain power generation assets. To date, we have completed over $21 million of asset sales using proceeds to repay borrowings on a senior secured term loan. We expect tthey pace of asset sales to pick up in tthey third quarter and that we will remain active in selling equipment throughout tthey remainder of tthey year. Our strategy from theyre is simple. We’re going to continue to deploy tthey most advanced, cost-effective and low emissions fleets in tthey industry, deliver best-in-class service quality and reduce our debt load as we sell legacy assets. Now I would like to turn tthey call over to Kyle to review our second quarter financial performance. Kyle O’Neill Thanks, Joel, and good morning. U.S. Well Services averaged 9.3 active fleets during tthey quarter, with a utilization rate of 85%, resulting in 7.9 fully utilized fleets. Revenue for tthey second quarter was $78.8 million, up 3% sequentially. Not included in ttheir number, is a $22.5 million of income generated as ProFrac converted its license linked note purchase in our June 2021 offering into 3 $7.5 million options to license tthey Clean Fleet technology. Looking at our service and equipment revenue. We saw a 5% increase quarter-over-quarter on revenue per fully utilized fleet. Revenue from our -- from tthey sale of materials, including sand, ctheymicals and trucking and sand storage grew over 80% sequentially as a greater share of our customers opted to source materials through U.S. Well Services. Cost of sales for tthey quarter was $59.3 million, down 5% from tthey first quarter cost of sales of $62.6 million. While ttheir sequential decrease was primarily related to lower fleet activity, I will note that repair and maintenance expense on a per pump hour basis declined 7% quarter-over-quarter as electric fleets made up a larger proportion of our total working fleet. During tthey second quarter, we continued to feel tthey impact of rising inflation across various points in our supply chain, most notably were tthey increases in trucking costs, fuel and lubricants. We’re working with our suppliers to keep costs increase under control. In many cases, will pass some or all of tthey cost increase through to our customers. SG&A was $7.2 million for tthey second quarter, down 2% from tthey prior quarter. Excluding stock-based compensation, SG&A was approximately $5.5 million as compared to $5.9 million in tthey first quarter. Sequential decrease was driven mostly by a reduction in professional fees. Adjusted EBITDA was $36.9 million for tthey second quarter. Included in ttheir figure is $22.5 million of income attributable to tthey licensing of tthey Clean Fleet technologies and patents. Adjusted EBITDA from hydraulic fracturing operations was approximately $14.4 million for tthey second quarter, up 25% from tthey first quarter adjusted EBITDA of $11.5 million. Tylerualized adjusted EBITDA per fully utilized fleet was $7.3 million, up from $5.2 million in tthey previous quarter. Maintenance capital expenditures on an accrual basis were $4.8 million for tthey second quarter. On an annualized basis, our adjusted EBITDA less maintenance CapEx per fleet was approximately $4.4 million. Looking at our balance ttheyyet. Tthey company ended tthey quarter with total liquidity of $70.7 million, consisting of $12.6 million of availability under our ABL facility and $58.1 million of cash. I want to add some additional color on our plan to use asset sales to reduce our term loan balance. At tthey end of tthey second quarter, our total principal balance on tthey senior secured term loan was $233.7 million. So far in tthey third quarter, U.S. Well Services has completed $19.2 million of asset sales. After applicable prepayment penalties, our principal balance was reduced by $18.9 million. We expect to repay an additional $14 million of borrowings in tthey near term as pending transactions close. If we are successful in reducing our term loan balance to $110 million by tthey end of 2021, U.S. Well Services will pay 0% interest on our term loan for tthey first quarter of 2021 and 2% interest on tthey remaining 3 quarters of tthey year. Additionally, tthey loan balance is less than $103 million by April 1, 2022, our interest rate on tthey entire term loan will be 1% for Q2 through year-end. Before Joel offers some final remarks, I’d like to provide details on tthey transaction we completed at tthey end of June and how we anticipate our capital structure will evolve over tthey next several quarters. Tthey initial transaction, we issued $125.5 million of 16% convertible senior secured third-lien PIK notes and received $86.5 million of gross proceeds. $22.5 million of tthey notes were license-linked notes, convertible into 3 $7.5 million licenses to build and operate Clean Fleets. Prior to tthey end of tthey quarter, tthey license-linked notes were converted in full and U.S. recognized -- U.S. Well Services recognized $22.5 million of income. $103 million of tthey notes are convertible into U.S. Well Services common stock at a weighted average price of $1.42 per share. $39 million of $103 million of tthey equity-linked notes represents an exchange of our Series A convertible preferred stock into convertible senior notes, reducing tthey outstanding balance of our preferred As to $25.2 million from $62.2 million. Since tthey end of tthey quarter, U.S. Well Services has issued an additional $11 million of notes convertible into common stock at a weighted average price of $1.13. Tthey convertible notes automatically convert to common equity once our preferred shares are converted or redeemed in our 20-day volume-weighted average share price exceeds $2 for 10 out of 20 consecutive trading days. Ttheir offering not only theylps us fund our upcoming growth capital expenditures for our new Clean Fleets, but also wtheyn combined with our asset sales discussed earlier, is a huge first step for tthey goal of delevering tthey balance ttheyyet and simplifying our capital structure. With that, I’ll turn tthey call back over to Joel. Joel Broussard Thanks, Kyle. U.S. Well Services has always been on tthey leading edge of hydraulic fraction technology and solutions. I’m excited for what ttheir team will deliver over tthey next several quarters as we continue to execute our strategic plan and transition towards full electrification. Operator, please open up tthey call for questions and answers. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Ian MacPtheyrson from Piper Sandler. Ian MacPtheyrson It’s great to see tthey value of your IP validated theyre and monetized in a really strong way. So congratulations on that. Joel Broussard Thank you. Ian MacPtheyrson Wtheyn we cascade down from wtheyre you are to wtheyre you will be, call it, 3 quarters from now, fully disposed from diesel and up and running with probably tthey first Nyx. How much of -- can you theylp us think about tthey glide path of your EBITDA? In ottheyr words, was conventional horsepower a meaningful contributor to tthey EBITDA we saw in Q2? If so, how much of that do you need to sell away immediately? Or can you accomplish some of your second half asset sale objectives without immediately selling away your remaining EBITDA contribution from your last maybe couple of working conventional fleets? Can you talk to that at all? Joel Broussard Yes, sure. Tthey EBITDA contribution from tthey diesel fleet for tthey first half of tthey year was minimal due to diesel pricing not recovering as quick as we thought. We currently -- I think, June, we had 1.5 diesel fleets working. We currently have 1 left today that is going to be finittheyyd on tthey 26th. So we’ll be wrapped up with diesel on 26th of August. Josh, do you want to elaborate on that a little bit? Josh Shapiro Yes, sure. I mean I think what Joel said ttheyre is right that tthey contribution from diesel fleets was fairly minimal throughout tthey first half, and we would expect to see at least fleet-level profitability stay wtheyre it has been and ttheyn improve as we start deploying tthey Nyx fleets and absorbing more overtheyad. Joel Broussard SG&A would drag down tthey profitability until we get back to 10 electric fleets. Ian MacPtheyrson Yes. Yes. Got that. Joel Broussard We’re transforming tthey company, and that’s just part of tthey transformation process. Ian MacPtheyrson Yes. Yes. We have some transitional quarters atheyad, for sure, with absorption, I get it. Wtheyn you’re -- you’ve announced several new customer trials, and I know that you’ve got probably a pretty significant upgrade to your offering with Nyx. Can you talk about tthey perspective economics and really tthey return objectives that you have for your next new builds and how ttheyy compare to tthey EBITDA per fleet you’re earning on your earlier generation Clean Fleets today. Joel Broussard Yes. We -- on tthey new fleet economics, we expect a 24-month payback on tthey first we’re building, and that’s on a cash basis. Tthey trials that we’ve done, every person we trial for so far is interested in going electric or -- and we feel that tthey 4 fleets we’re building will have more -- we have more demand than equipment for our new generation electric fleets. Ian MacPtheyrson Not surprisingly. I have a few more I can take up with you guys off-line. Operator Our next question today is coming from John Daniel from Daniel Energy Partners. John Daniel I guess tthey first one will go to you, Joel. Just clearly, tthey demand for ttheir equipment is on tthey rise, but we’re seeing sort of 2 paths, right, that people going electric and ttheyn some ottheyrs opting for Tier IV DGB. What do you think is driving tthey customer preference between tthey 2 at ttheir point? Joel Broussard Josh, do you want to take that one? Josh Shapiro Yes, sure. So John, I think what we’re seeing theyre is customers are gravitating towards next-generation solutions, wtheyttheyr that’s electric or Tier IV DGB and tthey reason is twofold; it’s tthey fuel cost savings and ttheyn emission reductions. And from our view, really tthey Tier IV DGB offers a partial solution on both of ttheyse. As far as fuel cost goes, tthey higtheyr tthey fuel -- tthey rate of diesel substitution, tthey more cost savings customers will enjoy with tthey dual fuel. But no dual fuel fleet really eliminates diesel entirely and most are using CNG wtheyn ttheyy are operating burning natural gas. So ttheyre’s some fuel cost savings versus a conventional diesel fleet, but not nearly to tthey same degree as a customer would enjoy if ttheyy’re using one of our electric fleets and burning field gas. And really, tthey same thing goes on emissions. Tier IV DGB engine is a Tier IV engine. And those engines were not designed to reduce carbon dioxide emissions. Ttheyy were really designed to reduce NOx particulate matter nonmethane hydrocarbon type emissions. And so tthey performance of a Tier IV engine versus Tier II engine on CO2 emission is pretty similar. And so while tthey Tier IV DGB engine will provide some benefit theyre, it does suffer from things like methane slip from incomplete combustion of tthey natural gas. And so tthey emissions might be better than a Tier IV diesel, but not nearly to tthey same degree as our electric fleets. However, I think wtheyre customers prefer tthey DGB is ttheyy’re more readily available. Today, electric fleets, we estimate that ttheyy’re less than 10% of tthey active fleet. And so being able to access some portion of ttheyse benefits will drive ttheym towards a DGB over electric. But I think tthey preference for electric is stronger given tthey more complete benefit package. John Daniel And that’s -- I’m just what curious more about is like wtheyn you talked about customers on anottheyr route, if it’s because maybe you guys are looking for multiyear sort of backing for your project, wtheyreas tthey ottheyr solutions might be less expensive. So ttheyre’s less of a commitment. I don’t know if you’ve seen any color like that, that’s all. Joel Broussard We’re actually looking for a 12-month commitment now, John. So -- and also, we operate Tier IV engines. I know how much those costs on a CapEx basis to operate and electric is just so much ctheyaper. John Daniel And just tthey next question I want to dig into because you referenced tthey lower maintenance cost ttheir quarter, given sort of tthey transition away from conventional. Can you guys elaborate a little bit more on sort of like-for-like tthey maintenance cost per fleet between tthey 2 now that you’re -- just anything ttheyre would be theylpful. Joel Broussard Josh? Josh Shapiro Yes, sure. I mean theirtorically, we’ve seen 35% to 40% all-in cost advantage for tthey electric versus tthey diesel. And I think you’ll start to see more of that play out in numbers as we’re able to eliminate diesel operations from our financial results we report. John Daniel Fair enough. And ttheyn tthey final one... Joel Broussard John, that really showed up in ttheir quarter earnings wtheyn you look at our EBITDA versus maintenance CapEx. And we still have a few diesel fleets working, but if -- that is nearly approved. John Daniel I just remember from years ago in New Republic, that was something you guys talked about, it was hard to see, and now it feels like we’re able to see it, so... Joel Broussard We’ll really get to see in tthey last -- from September, October, November, we have no diesel cut in tthey working. John Daniel Okay. And ttheyn tthey last one, guys, hopefully, you can answer, but we know that some of tthey equipment went to Alamo because that went out via 8-K. I’m not sure if you can name tthey buyers of what’s been sold subsequent or what’s on tthey docket. But can you describe for us tthey type of buyer, wtheyttheyr it’s existing player, a new player? Or just any color along those lines would be theylpful. Joel Broussard Josh, do you want to take that one? You’ve be handling most of tthey asset sales. Josh Shapiro Yes, sure. So it’s -- tthey interest has been kind of across tthey board. Ttheyre have been service companies interested in buying some of tthey equipment, some resellers, some refurb shops. So I’d say tthey interest has been pretty wide. Tthey bulk of what we sold to date in tthey third quarter was to Alamo in tthey transaction that we kind of publicly disclosed as well as a buyer, nonservice company. Operator Tthey next question is coming from Steptheyn Gengaro from Stifel. Steptheyn Gengaro Two things, if you don’t mind. Tthey first is you referenced tthey profitability in tthey quarter and not having a lot of diesel contribution in tthey EBITDA line. So just kind of back of tthey envelope, I mean, wtheyn we sort of do tthey math on how many Clean Fleets are out ttheyre in your current fleet, it looks like EBITDA per fleet is running like around $9 million in tthey quarter for tthey electric assets. Is that a ballpark reasonable number? Joel Broussard Kyle, do you want to take that one? Kyle O’Neill Yes. I mean, I think that’s -- we don’t report tthey electric versus tthey diesel, but tthey electric equipment is definitely at a substantial premium. So that’s within tthey realm of kind of a reasonable range. Steptheyn Gengaro Okay. You’re going to have to report just electric soon, Kyle. But that kind of step-up is not a ridiculous thought process as you go into tthey next quarter given tthey amount of fleet you plan to have work and seem to be all electric. Kyle O’Neill Yes. I mean I’ll caution you that as we drop from -- I think we had almost 8 fleets running in Q2 down to -- we’ll be around 5, you’re going to have tthey overtheyad really bite into that. So I think that 9 -- $9-plus million of EBITDA per fleet is kind of field level results and ttheyn you’re going to -- that come down with tthey absorption of overtheyad. Steptheyn Gengaro Understand that. That’s fair. Tthey ottheyr one is -- I’m just trying to think how to ask tthey question, but wtheyn I look at your financial position, right, you’ve obviously -- you’re working to repair tthey balance ttheyyet, but you’ve also committed to a lot of CapEx. And it feels aggressive like from our perspective, but I was curious if you could walk us through your expectations for wtheyre tthey balance ttheyyet is now, what tthey CapEx looks like in ‘20, tthey back half of ttheir year, 2022, and how you see tthey balance ttheyyet evolving, can you keep yourself in a reasonably safe position but still fund tthey growth that you have laid out for us? Joel Broussard Kyle? Kyle O’Neill Sure. Right. So in tthey June transaction, we raised from June and ttheyn tthey early part of July, we’ve raised approximately $97.5 million of cash proceeds. That’s resulted in about $50 million after tthey Smart Sand settlement fees and expenses and some required debt pay downs. So with our new funding -- tthey cash requirements for ttheyse new building fleets will be around $100 million to $115 million. Most of that will be due wtheyn tthey fleets are delivered in early to mid part of 2022. We’re currently selling assets to reduce tthey term loan balance. We’re targeting to get that below $110 million from a little over $230 million at tthey end of tthey quarter. So we’re looking at about $120 million of debt paydown. And ttheyn $50 million to $60 million of additional funding is going to be needed to build on all 4 fleets, which we think we’ll be able to source through. We’re looking at several different options, including equity equipment financing, et cetera. So we think it’s a very achievable plan, and I think we really need to get to that -- get back to 9 or 10 active fleets to have tthey critical mass to really start to see tthey true economic benefits of our Clean Fleets. Joel Broussard Yes, I’d like to add one thing to that. We’re going to do it between equity, debt and also additional license sales. Kyle O’Neill And just as you think about what we’re building ttheir for -- what we’re building ttheyse fleets for and what tthey economics are, I mean ttheir should be -- tthey new fleets, combined with tthey debt pay down should be highly accretive for our shares. Steptheyn Gengaro Okay. Okay. And ttheyn tthey $120 million of incremental debt paydown that you envisioned comes from what? Kyle O’Neill Primarily, assets. Steptheyn Gengaro Excuse me? Kyle O’Neill From assets. Joel Broussard Sorry, Kyle. Steptheyn Gengaro Yes. So those are asset sales in addition to tthey ones -- tthey ones that you have already announced so far, right? Joel Broussard Correct. Kyle O’Neill Well, let me -- we’ve announced about $20 million of asset sales. Ttheyre would be an incremental $100 million will be through asset sales or sctheyduled amortization. Operator Your next question is coming from Daniel Burke from Johnson Rice & Company. Daniel Burke Joel, wtheyn you mentioned additional license sales, do you mean to tthey party that already has tthey options to, I guess, acquire additional licenses? Or would it be a second or multiple ottheyr parties than ProFrac? Joel Broussard We feel ProFrac and potentially ottheyrs at ttheir point. Daniel Burke Okay. All right. Fair enough. And ttheyn -- maybe just since we’ve talked a little bit about tthey asset sale plans, ttheyy seem pretty key to getting that debt level down by tthey end of ttheir year. So asset sales have to proceed at a pretty good pace. I think you guys have put out a target of about $130 million in total asset sale proceeds, not to say that would all be completed by tthey end of ttheir calendar year. But is that still a viable target? Kyle O’Neill Yes, that’s still in tthey range of what we’re targeting. Daniel Burke Okay. All right, guys. And ttheyn maybe just one ottheyr one. Wtheyn we think about tthey new fleets coming in on tthey electric side, can you talk a little bit about tthey power gen strategy you’ve got in mind for tthey fleets? Joel Broussard Yes. We’re going to leave it up to tthey client on what ttheyy want, wtheyttheyr -- whictheyver power generation asset ttheyy choose. We feel tthey turbines are tthey best now and tthey most environmental friendly. So we’re -- whatever ttheyy recommend, wtheyttheyr it’s grid power, wtheyttheyr it’s reciprocating engine, wtheyttheyr it’s turbine, we’ll leave it up to tthey client. Daniel Burke Okay. And Joel, I think tthey plan would be not to put those on tthey balance ttheyyet, though, is that fair? Joel Broussard Absolutely. Operator We reactheyd tthey end of our question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn tthey floor back over to management for any furttheyr or closing comments. Joel Broussard Thank you for your participation in tthey call. Have a great day. Operator Thank you. That does conclude today’s teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at ttheir time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.