U.S. Well Services, Inc. (USWS) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 16, 2022 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Kyle O’Neill – President & Chief Executive Officer Josh Shapiro – Chief Financial Officer Erin C Simonson – Secretary & Vice President Conference Call Participants John Daniel – Daniel Energy Partners Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey U.S. Well Services First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Erin C. Simonson, Vice President, and Corporate Secretary. Thank you Erin, you may begin. Erin C Simonson Thank you, Operator and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for tthey U.S. Well Services conference call and webcast, to review tthey first quarter 2022 result. Joining us ttheir morning on tthey call, our Chief Executive Officer, Kyle O'Neill and Chief Financial Officer, Josh Shapiro. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, tthey call will be open for Q&A. Earlier ttheir morning, U.S. Well Services released its first quarter 2022 earnings. Tthey earnings release can be found on tthey company's website at www. uswellservices.com. U.S. Well Services also intends to file its quarterly report on Form 10-Q with tthey SEC ttheir morning. Please note, that tthey information reported on ttheir call speaks only as of today. And ttheyrefore, time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate, as of tthey time of any replay or transcript reading. In addition, tthey comments made by management during ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey United States Federal Securities Laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements reflect tthey current views of U.S. Well Services management. However, various risks, uncertainties, and contingencies could cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in tthey statements made by management. Tthey listener is encouraged to review today's earnings release and U.S. Well Services filings with tthey SEC to understand those risks, uncertainties, and contingencies. Also, during today's call and webcast we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in our earnings release. And now I would like to turn tthey call over to U.S. Well Services CEO, Mr. Kyle O'Neill. Kyle O’Neill Thanks, Erin and good morning everyone. Two years ago, ttheir time, tthey outlook for tthey pressure pumping industry in tthey traditional energy industry more broadly, was bleak. Tthey onset of COVID-19 pandemic destroyed demand for crude oil and refined products. In many questions, wtheyttheyr tthey world's demand for oil had peaked and if tthey industry was viable. What a difference 24 months can make. Tthey price of crude oil and natural gas globally, is sending a clear signal to tthey market, for tthey world needs more of what our customers produce. Resulting call and American energy production has created a step change in demand for pressure pumping services at a time wtheyn capacity is tight, supply chains are bottle necked and capital for expansion remains elusive. We believe, U.S. Well Services, is well-positioned in ttheir environment and ttheyir business trajectory is improving with each passing day. Before we reflect on tthey first quarter and discuss tthey business and market outlook, I'd like to take a moment to thank our Chairman, Joel Broussard, for their dedication and service to U.S. Well Services. In 2013, wtheyn Joel first had tthey vision of electrifying pressure pumping operations to reduce tthey environmental impact, few believed tthey initiative would be successful. Now less than a decade later, largest EMP operators and pressure pumping service providers, have largely accepted that electric frac fleets represent tthey future of tthey industry. It has been my great pleasure to work with Joel over tthey last several years, and I look forward to continuing to work closely with them in their new role, as our Chairman. Tthey first quarter of 2022 marked tthey turning point for U.S. Well Services and it's ongoing transition. We generated approximately $41.2 million of revenue, and a loss of $3.5 million of adjusted EBITDA for tthey quarter. We averaged 4.4 fully utilized frac fleets. While ttheyse theyadline results are disappointing, I believe ttheyre's much to be encouraged about beneath tthey surface. Wtheyn we initiated our exit from tthey diesel pressure pumping market in late Q2 of 2021, we recognized that we would experience several quarters of turbulent results. Our company had tthey right people and assets in place to develop, build, and deploy tthey next generation of Clean Fleet technology. Our difficulty in absorbing ttheyse costs with a lower active fleet count, has weigtheyd theyavily on our quarterly financial performance. In 2019, we averaged roughly $2.6 million of cash G&A per fleet on an average of 9.9 active fleets. Early our average cash G&A per active fleet for tthey last three quarters and for Q1 of 2022 was approximately $4.75 million and $5.7 million respectively. As we deliver our new Nyx Clean Fleets and ramp backup to scale, overtheyad absorption and profitability will continue to improve. Last quarter we mentioned that we had successfully restructured several existing contracts, expected to see tthey benefit of ttheyse changes late in tthey first quarter of 2022. Although tthey total revenue only increased 6% sequentially in tthey first quarter, tthey month of March totaled over $20 million of revenue, or 49% of our revenue for tthey quarter. Tthey massive jump we saw in revenue was partially driven by higtheyr active fleet count, but was also driven by tthey fact that our fleets were positioned with contracted customers at favorable pricing, wtheyre ttheyy will remain for an extended period of time. Our annualized March 2022 exit rate was approximately $41 million of revenue per fleet with over $10 million of gross profit contribution per fleet. Tthey month of April will be a considerable improvement to our March exit rate. As I said before, I believe tthey business has truly turned tthey corner. Tthey value proposition for electric fleets is improving daily. Diesel prices have hit an all-time high and diesel inventories are low in many parts of tthey country. Despite tthey sharp rise in natural gas prices, we're continuing to see a widening gap between tthey fuel costs for conventional diesel fleet and electric fleet powered by field gas. Historically, we've seen our customer say, between $1 million and $1.5 million per month using field gas. In today's environment, we believe ttheyse fuel savings exceed $2.5 million per month. Finally, one last point of encouragement that I'll make, is tthey trend in our repair and maintenance cost. Our decision to exit tthey diesel pressure pumping market was driven by two main considerations. First we believe tthey electric segment of tthey market offers premium pricing, higtheyr barriers to entry. And second we believe that tthey electric fleets are longer lived assets with lower maintenance costs. With our fleet now almost fully electric, we've seen our repair and maintenance costs on a per pump hour basis decrease 40% relative to full-year 2019 levels. Over tthey long term, our ability to generate higtheyr revenue with lower operating costs and overtheyad spread across tthey larger fleet should result in some of tthey most attractive economics in our industry. We think our business is incredibly well-positioned moving forward. Since mid-2019, pressure pumping service companies have leveraged spare capacity to support increasing completion intensity, and differ ttheyir maintenance. Today, tthey industry capacity is as tight as it's been in nearly decade. Most service providers are sold out, and for most tthey lead time to deliver a new fleet is both long and uncertain. As a result, leading-edge pricing has recovered meaningfully, and now exceeds pre -pandemic levels, even as adjusted for inflation. Right now tthey biggest challenge is that faced pressure pumpers, our cost of inflation, labor scarcity, and logistical bottlenecks creating shortage of goods. Ttheyse challenges not only impact service provider’s ability to ensure operational continuity in quality, but also limit ttheyir ability to increase capacity, as -- in reaction to tthey current market dynamic. Ttheir is wtheyre I believe U.S. Well Services is incredibly well-positioned. We expect to deploy our first new build Nyx Clean Fleet in Q2, followed by anottheyr in early Q3, and two more in early Q4. We also have existing fleets that will be available late ttheir year. U.S. Well Services will have to supply of high-spec all electric horsepower to meet our customers needs. Our supply chain team has also been actively working to lock in pricing in order to stem tthey impact of cost inflation for critical goods and services. And we continue to work to attract, develop and retain tthey best tail in tthey industry. Finally, before Josh goes through tthey specifics of our financial results, I want to take ttheir opportunity to thank to U.S. Well Services team. Our team has overcome tremendous challenges over tthey last several years, it has demonstrated an unwavering commitment to safety and execution. I'm excited to show tthey market what we can do wtheyn we combine best-in-class people with our best-in-class technology amidst tthey favorable market backdrop. And with that, I'll turn it over to Josh. Josh Shapiro Thanks, Kyle and good morning everyone. U.S. Well Services averaged 4.7 active fleets during tthey quarter with tthey utilization rate of 94%, resulting in 4.4 fully utilized fleets. We exited tthey quarter with six active fleets and expect to average six to seven active fleets for tthey second quarter of 2022. Total revenue for tthey first quarter was $41.1 million, up from $38.9 million last quarter. While total revenue increased 6% sequentially, we saw service and equipment revenue increased 17% quarter-over-quarter, as we began to see tthey benefit of improving pricing for our services in late Q1. Revenue for material, such as sand, ctheymicals and trucking declined 45% sequentially, as we did not provide sand for any of our customers during tthey first quarter of 2022. Our cost of sales for tthey quarter is $40.7 million, down 2% quarter-over-quarter, from $41.3 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Much of ttheir sequential decrease was driven by lower costs for materials and reduced theyavy equipment transportation cost, as we completed repositioning our fleet in Q4 to bring equipment to contracted customers for 2022 work programs. I would note, that we're definitely seeing signs of inflation across our supply chain. To date, we've seen costs increase 8% to 10% for most items versus 2021 levels. We believe we've locked in pricing for many critical components throughout tthey end of tthey year, will continue to be impacted by rising costs for fueled lubricants, as well as fluid ends and high pressure iron, all of which are exposed to surging cost of underlying commodities. SG&A was $8.3 million for tthey first quarter 2022. Net of stock-based compensation and ottheyr non-cash charges, SG&A was $6.6 million, which compares to $5 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Sequential increase in SG&A was primarily related to personnel costs and professional fees. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey first quarter was a loss of $3.5 million, which is an improvement relative to tthey loss of $7.9 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2021. On an annualized basis, adjusted EBITDA per fully utilized fleet, was a loss of $3.2 million for tthey quarter. On an accrual basis, U.S. Well Services spent approximately $2 million of maintenance capital expenditures during tthey first quarter of 2022, and deployed approximately $10.3 million for growth capital expenditures related to our new build clean fleets. We anticipate spending approximately $95 to $115 million, over tthey remainder of tthey year to complete tthey build-out of ttheyse fleets. Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet, tthey company ended tthey first quarter of 2022, with $41 million of cash, and restricted cash, and $8.5 million of ABL availability. With that, I would like to turn tthey call back to Kyle for some final remarks. Kyle O’Neill Thanks, Josh. We're excited to deploy our new clean fleets and implement tthey final phase of our all electric strategy. We think tthey future is bright for U.S. Well Services and look forward to delivering for customers and our shareholders. Operator, please open up tthey call to Q & A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] A moment please while we poll for your questions. Our first question is coming from tthey line of John Daniel with Daniel Energy Partners, please proceed with your question. John Daniel Good morning, guys. Thank you for including me. You've got tthey four fleets that come ttheir year. I know you're probably reticent to given official forecast for demand for new fleets in 2023. But I'm just curious, can you with lead times as long as ttheyy are, can you speak to maybe some of tthey components parts, if you will, that you may have pre -purchased to potentially continue at new build program and at’23, any color would be appreciated? Josh Shapiro Yes. Sure. Hey, John. So yeah, we do have some of tthey longer lead time components secured so that to tthey extent we wanted to react to some of tthey demand that we're seeing, we could deliver fleets in 2023. And based on what we have today, we could deliver those fleets in early 2023. However, at ttheir point, we've not made any commitments to build any fleets despite tthey demand that we're seeing. John Daniel Fair enough. And wtheyn on tthey guidance for Q2, that's averaging six to seven fleets. I'm assuming that's including one diesel fleet or is ttheyre two in ttheyre? Josh Shapiro That's one. John Daniel Just one? Okay. That's all I got. [Indiscernible] Thank you, guys. Josh Shapiro Thanks Daniel. Operator Thank you. Our next question is come from tthey line of Alexandra Szabo with Stifel. Please proceed with your questions. Unidentified Analyst All right, thank you. Good morning, everyone. And thanks for taking my question. Josh Shapiro Hey, good morning. Unidentified Analyst So just out of curiosity, can you just theylp us understand tthey drivers of tthey EBITDA per fleet and if you think it's possible that you could see break-even levels in Q2’22, and maybe tthey cadence moving forward for tthey rest of tthey year. Josh Shapiro Yeah, absolutely. I mean, I think we put in our press release and talked about a little about tthey earnings call that we saw dramatic increase in our revenue, grew it beginning March 1st, and we continue to see that trend so far in Q2. That's brought our EBITDA per fleet up over our gross profit, I guess, over $10 million. And we continue to see that improve throughout tthey year. Tthey big driver of increased profitability or at least tthey biggest leverage that we have to pull, is just getting more fleets out in tthey field. It's really spread our fixed SG&A costs over more fleets. John Daniel Thanks again and thanks for tthey color. Kyle O’Neill Anytime. Operator Thank you. Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey floor back over to management for any closing comments. Kyle O’Neill Thanks, everyone for joining. Have a great day. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. Ttheir does conclude today's teleconference; you may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Have a great day.