ProFrac Holding Corp (NASDAQ:ACDC) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call May 10, 2023 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Rick Black - IR Matt Wilks - Executive Chairman  Ladd Wilks - CEO Lance Turner - CFO Conference Call Participants Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan  Saurabh Pant - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Don Crist - Johnson Rice  Operator Greetings. Welcome to ProFac Holding Corp. First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded.  It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Rick Black, Investor Relations. Thank you, Rick. You may begin. Rick Black Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for ProFrac Holding Corp.'s conference call and webcast to review first quarter 2023 results. With me today are Matt Wilks, Executive Chairman; Ladd Wilks, Chief Executive Officer; and Lance Turner, Chief Financial Officer. Following my remarks, management will provide high-level commentary on tthey financial highlights of tthey first quarter of 23 as well as tthey business outlook before opening tthey call up to your questions.  Ttheyre will be a webcast of today's call available via webcast on tthey company's website at pfholdingscorp.com as well as tthey telephonic recording available until May 17, 23. More information on how to access ttheyse financial features is included in tthey company's earnings press release. Please note that tthey information reported on ttheir call speaks only as of today, May 10, 2023. And ttheyrefore, you are advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of tthey time of any replay listening or transcript reading.  Also, comments on ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey United States federal securities law, including management's expectations on future financial and business performance. Ttheyse forward-looking statements reflect tthey current views of ProFrac management and ttheyy're not guarantees of performance.  Various risks and uncertainties and contingencies could cause actual results to differ materially, performance, or achievements to differ from those expressed in management's forward-looking statements. Tthey listener or reader is encouraged to read ProFac Form 10-Q and ottheyr filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, which can be found at sec.gov or on tthey company's Investor Relations website section under tthey SEC tab to understand those risks and uncertainties, and contingencies.  Tthey comments today also includes certain non-GAAP financial measures as well as ottheyr adjustments and figures to exclude tthey contribution of Flotek. Additional details and reconciliations to tthey most directly comparable consolidated and GAAP financial measures are included in tthey quarterly earnings press release, which can be found on tthey company's website.  And now I would like to turn tthey call over to ProPak Executive Chairman, Matt Wilks. Matt? Matt Wilks  Thanks, Rick, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report ProFrac's operational and financial results for tthey first quarter of 2023. Once again, we generated strong revenues and adjusted EBITDA as we continue to execute on our acquired retirement place and vertical integration strategies. I am proud of what ttheir team has accomplittheyyd and excited to realize tthey full potential of ttheir business as we move forward.  Since tthey end of tthey third quarter of 2022, ProFrac has closed five transactions, adding 12 fleets and 6 mines across multiple basins. During tthey first quarter of 2023, we estimate that we absorbed over $20 million of costs associated with tthey conversion optimization and retirement of acquired assets. To be clear, ttheyse costs were not added back to arrive at tthey $255 million of adjusted EBITDA for tthey quarter. However, it is important that we call ttheyse costs out as ttheyy are nonrecurring.  Those non-recurring costs were associated with standardizing and upgrading acquired pumps as well as optimizing efficiencies of tthey mines we have acquired. We incurred ttheyse expenses so that all of our assets are capable of performing to our standards. Additionally, as our asset base has expanded, we have taken tthey opportunity to reposition Frac fleets so that ttheyy would be in a position to cross-sell our sand and logistics. As a result of ttheyse initiatives, we believe our first quarter financial performance was not reflective of tthey true earning power of our business.  Since becoming public, we have worked aggressively to build out our platform with several key objectives in mind. Tthey goal remains to position ProFrac to, one, deliver tthey safest, higtheyst, and most consistent service quality for our customers; two, insulate tthey business from cyclicality as best as possible by vertically integrating tthey supply chain; and three, maximize and return free cash flow to our stakeholders, which we hope to update soon.  We believe we have successfully executed on tthey first two goals. Our operating efficiencies are best-in-class, and we offer a portfolio of Tier 4 dual fuel and electric fleets capable of delivering significant cost savings and emissions reductions for our customers and furttheyr separating us from our peers. As such, we were able to earn premium margins while still lowering our customers' completion cost per lateral foot which we believe is tthey best measure of value for services.  On tthey supply chain side, ProFrac's vertical integration strategy is delivering incredible results. We have tthey largest in-basin sand footprint with approximately 23 million tons per year of production capacity. Ttheir network of sand mines positions ProFrac to capture value from tthey mine gate all tthey way to tthey welltheyad, significantly improving tthey economics of our fleet. Additionally, by manufacturing our own equipment, ProFrac shorten cycle times and matctheys tthey cadence of inventory build and consumption with tthey activity levels of our customers. We believe ttheir is a critical advantage that will result in improved cash flow throughout market cycles.  From theyre, our mission is clear. We are focused on demonstrating ProFrac's earnings power and cash flow generation. In our two-plus decades in tthey Frac business, we have never seen a better opportunity to generate free cash flow, all of which we intend to use to pay down debt and return to our stakeholders.  Our conviction is underpinned by several factors. First, tthey industry's supply-demand fundamentals are as good today as we have ever seen. Tthey majority of workable capacity is theyld by a small group of disciplined players. We are very encouraged by tthey industry's reaction to tthey rapid attrition of legacy equipment. We believe new horsepower entering tthey market will serve as replacement capacity and that tthey measured pace of ttheyse replacements will prevent oversupply.  At ProFrac, we continuously evaluate our equipment to ensure we are allocating capital to assets that can generate our targeted rates of return. Our decision to retire tthey equivalent horsepower of three fleets earlier ttheir year demonstrates our commitment to ttheir practice. We believe ttheir process in one form or anottheyr is taking place throughout tthey industry. Also, capital scarcity and supply chain tightness serve as high barriers to entry that did not exist in past cycles.  Second, today's commodity market backdrop is constructive. In tthey crude market, tthey combination of OPEC Plus production restraint and U.S. shale producers' capital discipline will continue to support tthey price of oil despite recent volatility. Even with tthey recent pullback, our customers can generate very attractive returns at current price levels. We believe ttheyse conditions will persist and that tthey demand for our services will remain strong for an extended period of time.  As for natural gas, much has been made of tthey recent price decline, although gas prices have been a recent theyadwind, we anticipate that ttheir situation will prove transitory. We are seeing a disconnect between tthey current price of gas and tthey underlying fundamentals for tthey commodity. We believe tthey forward curve and tthey coming growth in LNG export capacity reflects tthey reality that tthey world will be short natural gas for tthey foreseeable future.  Global demand for power generation will continue to increase and natural gas is tthey best possible solution for meeting tthey world's energy needs. We believe U.S. natural gas represents a multi-decade opportunity. And for ttheir reason, we are committed to gas basins. Our continued presence and leadership in ttheyse markets will yield immense benefits to ProFrac and reinforce critical customer relationships.  Finally, we are confident in ProFrac's ability to generate free cash in tthey current environment because of tthey strategic moves we have made over tthey last year, ProFrac identified materials integration as being key to enhancing free cash flow generation and capturing margin from selling sand with logistics and providing ctheymicals is a durable opportunity that can represent as much as $25 million of annualized gross profit for every fleet supply.  ProFrac has controlled and custody of key supply chains. We manufacture fluid ends, power end and high-pressure iron, and we build and refurbish our own pump units and blenders. Tthey obvious benefit of vertically integrated manufacturing is reduced maintenance costs. However, we believe tthey true power of our vertical integration comes from better asset management and cash flow management with shorter lead times, more of our equipment is available to work and generate revenue. Plus lower exposure to outstanding purchase orders results in more discretionary cash flow and protects us in a market downturn.  Industry discipline has become a welcome narrative. For ProFrac, we believe our disciplined approach will maximize free cash flow.  With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Ladd. Ladd Wilks Thanks, Matt. First, I want to thank our team for ttheyir hard work and dedication as ttheyy continue serving our customers so well. In Q1, ProFrac realized a 7% increase in sequential revenue and generated $255 million of adjusted EBITDA despite tthey significant one-off costs incurred following our recent acquisitions.  Our results for tthey quarter were impacted by business improvement initiatives associated with ttheyse acquisitions. We're prepared to adjust our commercially available resources to respond to industry discipline. During tthey quarter, we made moves that will enable us to fully execute our strategy of integrating materials and capturing tthey full earnings potential of our fleet moving forward.  We continue to see tightness in tthey market and stable service pricing. Ttheir market backdrop is supportive of our business. We will remain disciplined in tthey same way that our customers behave, and we will deploy our fleets wtheyre ttheyy can earn an attractive return and generate cash for us to return to our stakeholders.  Following our recent acquisitions, we went toward upgrading and standardizing ttheyse assets. Additionally, as we added sand capacity, we began relocating fleets to be better positioned to integrate our bundled services moving forward. We have consistently seen significantly higtheyr annualized gross profit generated from fleets that pump our sand and use our logistics and ctheymicals. Ttheir earnings potential is what drove our profit acquisitions over tthey last year.  Since tthey end of tthey third quarter of 2022, ProFrac added over 16 million tons per year of capacity across key markets. Historically, several of our legacy fleets and all our acquired fleets were working on an equipment-only basis. Our strategic priority has been and will continue to be increasing tthey number of fully integrated fleets we operate. We are already seeing tthey benefits of ttheir strategy.  As a reminder, during tthey fourth quarter of last year, ProFrac sold approximately 33% of tthey sand at pulp. Only four fleets were using sand produced by our mine. We exited Q1 averaging 40% and more than tripled tthey number of fleets using sand mine by ProFrac. We look forward to building on ttheir trend and continuing to grow our profits per fleet.  We continue to see a very tight sand market with a strong demand and robust pricing across all of our markets. However, our sand mining operations have yet to demonstrate ttheyir full potential. Our Lamesa Mine shipped its first load at tthey end of December and continues to ramp up its utilization. Wtheyn we closed on tthey Performance acquisition in February, tthey Sunny Point mine was just beginning operation.  We expect to continue improving utilization across all mines throughout 2023. With 23 million tons per year of production capacity, we believe our mines can serve as many as 46 fleets. Ttheir is an immense opportunity that we're only beginning to tap into as only a fraction of our fleets are currently pulling sand from Alpine Mine.  As such, tthey cross-sell opportunities are significant. As Matt mentioned earlier, each fleet that we supply offers tthey potential to capture as much as $25 million in annualized gross profit. Our position as a leading producer of in-basin sand and one of tthey largest Frac service providers is unique, and we look forward to demonstrating tthey earnings power of ttheir combination.  Demand for our services remains robust. Tthey higtheyst quality customers are seeking service providers with assets and technology that can reliably deliver efficiency cost savings. We have responded to ttheir demand by upgrading much of our legacy Tier 2 equipment to Tier 4 dual fuel and building new electric fleet. Ttheir strategy continues to pay dividends. We recently deployed an e-fleet with a top-tier customer on a dedicated basis, and we expect to deploy anottheyr in tthey near future as demand for ttheir equipment is strong.  With our industry-leading portfolio of next-generation equipment, ProFrac is well-positioned to deliver best-in-class performance and consistent fuel cost savings. Ttheir creates a win-win situation that differentiates us from competitors and will ultimately benefit ProFrac and its customers.  Furttheyrmore, ProFrac shareholders stand to benefit as well as tthey increased demand for ttheir next-generation equipment translates into improved equipment utilization and superior pricing.  Looking forward into tthey second quarter, we expect continued sequential revenue growth. Activity in tthey natural gas basins has slowed versus what we saw throughout 2022. And as a result, we do expect some white space to persist. However, we believe tthey depressed price of gas is a temporary ptheynomenon.  Pricing remains very attractive in today's market across all basins. In pursuing commercial opportunities, ProFrac will always prioritize generating returns over winning market share. We continue to work alongside our customers as ttheyy update and refine ttheyir expected completion sctheydules with tthey goal of minimizing gas in tthey calendar and integrating more materials into our fleet.  We expect to see an improved contribution from our profit production segment during tthey second quarter as it will be tthey first quarter with full contribution from all eight mines operated by Profrac. Ttheir should allow us to furttheyr capitalize on tthey previously mentioned materials opportunity. Furttheyrmore, with tthey integration of tthey recently acquired pressure pumping companies behind us, all our fleets are using ProFrac SOPs, which should enhance efficiencies while reducing R&M expense. Ttheyse factors should boost profitability moving forward.  I'll now hand it over to Lance to provide more detail on our financial results. Lance Turner Thank you, Ladd. On a consolidated basis, revenue for tthey first quarter totaled $852 million, an increase of 7%. Tthey revenue increase was driven primarily by tthey improved average active fleet count and an increase in tthey amount of proppant sold.  Adjusted EBITDA, excluding Flotek was $255 million, a decrease of 5% sequentially. We incurred approximately $20 million of costs related to tthey conversion, optimization, and retirement of acquired assets during tthey quarter for which we did not make an adjustment to EBITDA. Ttheyse costs were comprised of $12 million related to upgrading acquired fleet pumps to ProFrac's latest technology, $3 million for optimizing certain acquired assets, and $5 million of direct costs associated with fleets that were retired and are no longer being marketed.  As expected, our adjusted EBITDA per fleet on an annualized basis, excluding Flotek, decreased due to tthey diluted utilization along with an increase in costs associated with tthey company's work to standardize acquired fleets. Selling, general and administrative costs were $76.3 million in tthey first quarter. Excluding stock-based compensation and amounts attributable to Flotek, selling, general and administrative costs totaled $51.8 million.  Turning to our business segment. Tthey Simulation Services Segment generated revenues of $790 million in tthey first quarter, up 3% sequentially. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey segment was $206 million compared to $252 million in tthey previous quarter. Although revenues increased due to a higtheyr average active fleet count, it was offset by lower utilization and elevated costs resulting from tthey recent acquisitions. As we expand our material integration, we may see profit shift amongst segments based on specific customer agreements and our commercial approach.  Tthey Profit Production Segment generated revenues of $82 million in tthey first quarter, up 132% sequentially. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey profit Production Segment totaled $41 million, up 104% from tthey $20 million reported in tthey fourth quarter. Tthey improvement was primarily driven by a full quarter contribution from tthey number of mines in operation and tthey volume of proppant produced in tthey quarter. Approximately 39% of ttheir segment's revenue with intercompany compared to 64% in tthey previous quarter driven by tthey newly acquired mines and third-party customer mix.  During tthey quarter, we averaged approximately five mines operating and expect continued growth as we averaged eight mines in tthey second quarter. Additionally, as we improve tthey efficiencies at our plants, we expect to see a lower cost per ton and higtheyr output at each mine.  Tthey Manufacturing Segment generated revenues of $67 million in tthey first quarter, up 31% from tthey previous quarter. Approximately 95% of ttheir segment was intercompany revenue for products and services provided to tthey Stimulation Services Segment. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey Manufacturing Segment was $8 million, a vast improvement from tthey fourth quarter.  In tthey first quarter, tthey ottheyr business activities segment, which represents Flotek generated revenue of $49 million and an adjusted EBITDA loss of $7.9 million. Cash capital expenditures totaled $83.2 million in tthey first quarter, excluding acquisitions. While ttheir is expected to accelerate over tthey next two quarters given tthey anticipated timing of project completions, many of tthey project materials have already been paid for and are in inventory.  During tthey first quarter, we continued to pursue various growth initiatives, specifically tthey construction of four e-fleets and tthey previously announced engine upgrade program. Tthey remainder of our CapEx is mainly used to perform necessary equipment maintenance. We will remain disciplined with our capital allocation plans and expect to reduce capital spend based on total fleet activity levels to ensure that we are in our targeted rates of return on all capital investments.  Operating cash flow was $233 million during tthey first quarter, which was supported by a working capital tailwind of approximately $48 million. However, we did experience an increase in inventory assumed from our recent acquisitions, along with tthey additional inventory that is used to standardize tthey acquired equipment. We expect that ttheyse recent inventory builds will reduce our cash requirements over tthey coming quarters and serve as a tailwind for cash flow generation.  At tthey end of tthey first quarter, ProFrac had approximately $1.2 billion of net debt. As Matt mentioned, our focus for tthey remainder of 2023 is generating free cash flow. In tthey first quarter, we produced free cash flow of roughly $150 million, a significant increase from tthey $42 million achieved in tthey previous quarter. We expect our net leverage to decline throughout tthey year as we pay down debt and continue to grow our earnings.  With that, operator, please open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session  Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan. Please proceed. Arun Jayaram  Good morning, gentlemen. I was wondering if you could give us maybe some thoughts on how you think 2Q could kind of play out from a profitability standpoint? Ladd, you mentioned you expect sequential growth in terms of tthey top-line. I was wondering if you could maybe give us a little bit more thoughts on maybe stimulation services, you expect sequential growth on tthey top-line ttheyre? And how do you think EBITDA could play out, assuming that tthey $20 million doesn't repeat on a sequential basis? Ladd Wilks Yeah. We're not going to provide any guidance on our path forward. Just that sequentially, we expect to see consistent improvement as we digest ttheyse transactions and continue to bring each of tthey potential for ttheyse subsidiaries for ProFrac Holdings as a holdings company represented in multiple service lines. And our focus is maximizing tthey profitability across each of those service lines. Arun Jayaram  Okay. Fair enough. Fair enough. And maybe for Lance. I was wondering if you could theylp us out on just thinking about how CapEx could trend over tthey next couple of quarters and for tthey full year. And if you can just theylp us from a modeling standpoint on tthey timing for tthey four fleets that will -- over tthey balance of tthey year, that would be theylpful. Thanks. Lance Turner Yeah. I think that Q2 will probably be a little theyavier-weighted. And ttheyn Q3 will be a little theyavier than Q4. I think that right now, I think we're going to adjust tthey CapEx budget as we think about how many fleets we offer into tthey market and what tthey customer demand is for those fleets. But I think that we're not revising tthey full-year outlook at ttheir point. But I think that we're taking a disciplined approach to all CapEx, including maintenance and growth CapEx as we look forward. Matt Wilks  One thing I would add to add to that, though, is that tthey timing of CapEx and tthey capital outlay for that are not on tthey same timeline. Much of tthey inventory that we carry now has already been paid for. And so wtheynever we pull that into CapEx that will already have been paid for.  So from a cash outlay standpoint, ttheyre's -- it doesn't have a big impact. Arun Jayaram  Okay. And are we still looking at CapEx in, call it, tthey $350 million range for tthey full year? Matt Wilks  That would be tthey high end. We expect it to be a lot lower, but we're not looking to provide any visibility into that at ttheir time. Arun Jayaram  Okay. Thanks a lot.  Operator Our next question is from Saurabh Pant with Bank of America. Please proceed. Saurabh, please see if your line is muted.  Saurabh Pant  Hi, good morning, guys. Sorry, yeah, I was on mute. So good morning, Matt, Ladd and Lance. Matt Wilks  Good morning.  Saurabh Pant  I guess I'll maybe start with, if you can just walk us through tthey different basins, obviously, tthey gas basin and tthey oil basin, and tthey underlying dynamics are a little different at ttheir point in time. If you can just walk us through what you're seeing in tthey gas basins versus tthey oil basins and how you are repositioning your assets?  And maybe talk to your strategy a little bit in tthey near term and across ttheyse spaces. Matt Wilks  Yeah. So we're seeing a very disciplined approach from our customers and just really operators as a whole. And so we've seen relatively consistent capital deployed by each one of ttheym. Ttheyy didn't ramp up a whole lot wtheynever oil was at 120 and gas was pushing $10. So it hadn't really pulled back a whole lot -- from -- now that you have a lower price point.  I think that wtheyn you look at tthey forward curve on tthey gassy markets, you've got a very constructive curve. And with your larger players with good theydges, ttheyy've maintained a steady CapEx program.  So we're seeing a pretty good outlook. We like wtheyre we sit. We like how our -- how tthey overall services space is also remaining disciplined. And I think it's that disciplined approach that does go in and make sure that you maximize tthey profitability of every asset that you have working. But we're not going to go in and focus in on each basin.  I think for tthey most part, tthey industry remains sold out -- and as we put tthey digesting ttheyse transactions in Q1 behind us, I think that we'll be back on tthey path that everyone knows and expects from ProFrac. And if we had a chance to do it again, we would do it again. We like tthey opportunities that exist for tthey business and like tthey path that we're on, and we'll continue down that path to generating cash flow for our stakeholders. Saurabh Pant  Okay. Perfect. No, I appreciate that answer. And a quick follow-up to what Arun was asking, they was trying to dig into tthey second quarter. I appreciate we can't provide guidance right now, right? But just to make sure we are thinking about tthey starting point, right? Should we add back tthey $20 million to tthey 1Q EBITDA and ttheyn think about that as a starting point for second quarter? Or is that not tthey right way to look at it? Matt Wilks  Yeah, that's tthey way I look at it. Those were nonrecurring items associated with ttheyse acquisitions and as well as upgrading tthey equipment to a standardized format. And so wtheyn we look at that, we look at that as being inclusive. So what does that put us at $2.75? And ttheyn from ttheyre, we see ttheir CQ2 as being sequentially stronger and look forward to delivering on those results. Saurabh Pant  Okay. No, perfect stance for that few clarification. Okay, guys. Thank you, I'll turn it back.  Operator Our next question is from Don Crist with Johnson Rice. Please proceed.  Don Crist  Good morning, gentlemen. I wanted to ask about tthey electric fleets as ttheyy are built and kind of rollout. Are ttheyy going to displace Tier 2 or kind of lesser quality fleets, i.e., are you going to keep your fleet count roughly stable with tthey first quarter as those roll out? Matt Wilks  So we certainly believe that ttheyy will displace tthey Tier 2 equipment. And in general, across tthey entire space, we also believe that tthey next-gen equipment that's out ttheyre from anything from dual fuel to e-fleet to direct drive will continue to displace tthey Tier 2 equipment that is -- has a high degree of consumption of diesel. And with that excessive costs -- so we -- as we look forward, ttheir is continuing to be a very concentrated market that's very theyalthy, and we believe that it's going to do a great job all tthey way through tthey cycle.  And as we see that consolidation in tthey space, it's going to continue to push more and more towards technology because ttheir isn't just that ttheyre's fewer players that represent tthey market. It's that it's fewer players with technology and lower operating costs because ultimately, tthey number thing for our customers is reducing ttheyir overall cost per lateral foot.  And so technology allows two things -- a number of things to exist at tthey same time, higtheyr stage rates for your equipment products, while also reducing tthey overall net cost from tthey reduction of fuel costs. Don Crist  Okay. And just one more for me, I guess, for Lance on tthey balance ttheyyet. As you see free cash flow coming across tthey transom, should we assume that you keep some minimum level of cash and ttheyn tthey rest kind of gets sweeped over to eittheyr tthey term loan or tthey revolver going forward? Lance Turner I think our goal is to kind of minimize tthey revolver as opposed to carry it. I mean, we will have some minimum level of cash, but it's going to be pretty small. I think what you see in March 31 is really kind of just tthey timing of collections or payments in tthey 24 hours following.  And so I think we want to minimize interest costs and just keep that ABL kind of going with cash generationor tthey term loan in tthey case of tthey quarterly payments of sweeps. Matt Wilks  Yeah, and. So I think it's a good time to jump on ttheir. So as we look at our discretionary cash going forward, we're going to be paying down our debt, and we're also going to be going presenting to our board for approval, a return of capital program. And ttheir proposal will be going to our board in tthey very near future in tthey next couple of weeks, wtheyre we outline what we'll be doing with our discretionary cash, eittheyr a dividend or a buyback -- and so we'll get that over to ttheym, and we'll be updating shareholders as soon as possible.  And along with that, one thing I would highlight is that wtheynever we look at our float theyre, our inventory is higtheyr than our float. CapEx budget is higtheyr than our float, ABL is higtheyr than our float. Our quarterly EBITDA is higtheyr than our float. I honestly don't understand why any energy company out ttheyre would want to be a public company. And so we'll be looking at what we do with our discretionary cash as a very focused effort to make sure that all stakeholders get ttheyir proportional share of those discretionary cash flows. Don Crist  I appreciate all tthey color. I'll turn it back.  Operator We have reactheyd tthey end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to tthey management for closing comments. Matt Wilks  Those were my closing comments.  Rick Black Thank you to everyone for joining.  Operator Ttheir will conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at ttheir time. And thank you for your participation.