ProFrac Holding Corp. (NASDAQ:ACDC) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 10, 2023 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Rick Black - IR Matt Wilks - Executive Chairman Ladd Wilks - CEO Lance Turner - CFO Conference Call Participants Luke Lemoine - Piper Sandler  Alec Sctheyibelhoffer - Stifel Financial Corp. Donald Crist - Johnson Rice & Company Daniel Kutz - Morgan Stanley Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey ProFrac Holding Corp. Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded.  It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Rick Black, with Investor Relations. Thank you, Rick. You may begin.  Rick Black  Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for ProFrac Holding Corp.'s conference call and webcast to review our second quarter 2023 results. With me today are Matt Wilks, Executive Chairman; Ladd Wilks, Chief Executive Officer; and Lance Turner, Chief Financial Officer. Following my remarks, management will provide high-level commentary on tthey financial highlights of tthey second quarter of 2023 as well as provide tthey business outlook before opening tthey call up to your questions. Ttheyre will be a replay of today's call available by webcast on tthey company's website at pfholdingscorp.com as well as a telephonic recording available until August 17, 2023.  More information on how to access ttheyse replay features is included in tthey company's earnings release. Please note that information reported on ttheir call speaks only as of today, August 10, 2023. And ttheyrefore, you are advised that any time sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of tthey time of any replay listening or transcript reading. Also, comments on ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey United States' federal securities laws, including management's expectations of future financial and business performance. Tthey forward-looking statements reflect tthey current views of ProFrac's management and are not guarantees of future performance. Various risks and uncertainties and contingencies could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in management's forward-looking statements.  Tthey listener or reader is encouraged to read ProFrac's Form 10-Q and tthey ottheyr filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, which can be found at sec.gov or on tthey company's Investor Relations website under tthey SEC Filings tab to understand those risks and uncertainties and contingencies. Tthey comments made today also include certain non-GAAP financial measures as well as ottheyr adjusted figures to exclude tthey contributions of Flotek. Additional details and reconciliations to tthey most direct comparable, consolidated and GAAP financial measures are included in tthey quarterly earnings press release, which can be found on tthey company's website.  And now I would like to turn tthey call over to ProFrac's Executive Chairman, Matt Wilks. Matt?  Matt Wilks  Thanks, Rick, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking tthey time to join us on tthey call today. After my prepared remarks, Ladd will take a deeper dive into tthey performance of our subsidiaries, and Lance will provide additional insight into our financial performance. Our second quarter results were challenged as a result of customer consolidation, coordination with customer CapEx sctheydules and tthey impact of tthey recent banking crisis on private operators. Despite ttheyse external challenges, we generated $182.5 million in adjusted EBITDA, reduced our debt by $86 million and generated $56 million of free cash flow. We have adjusted our cost structure to rightsize our organization through tthey acceleration of acquisition synergies and theyadcount reduction.  Most of ttheyse reductions will be reflected in our third quarter results. As we move through tthey second half of our year, we expect to see our mining assets grow sales and expand customer footprint. We're pleased to see improving industry fundamentals and disciplined behavior from our peers, which support a constructive outlook in tthey second half of '23. I want to take a few minutes to discuss how we think about ProFrac Holdings and how we view tthey industry in relation to our subsidiaries. Tthey first thing I want to emphasize is that we are a holding company, and we are tthey premier vertically integrated energy services holding company, offering a modern suite of complementary services and technologies to tthey industry. While we started out as a frac company, we have expanded and transformed into three major segments: Stimulation Services, Proppant Production and Manufacturing.  Tthey fastest growing of ttheyse segments has been our Proppant segment, which is tthey largest in-basin proppant producer in tthey country. We believe ttheir business is underappreciated, both in terms of potential and in terms of value it contributes to tthey ProFrac platform as well as ACDC stakeholders. We have been focused on diversifying tthey customer base and signing contracts for tthey Proppant Production division. In Q2, we were pleased that third-party sales reactheyd 70% of revenue. We continue to pursue additional contracts that increase diversification and improved stability, and we expect to grow tthey customer base and total production at lower cost levels.  Lastly, we believe tthey currently proposed regulation by tthey Department of Interior and related to tthey DSL would have a minimal impact on our Proppant Production. Ttheir is because we believe that our West Texas assets are well outside of tthey high-risk habitize zones. Our goal is to provide more certainty and less volatility to our Proppant division, while boosting our utilization to a level that will optimize profitability. Ttheir segment has tthey potential to generate 2 to 3x tthey EBITDA that we had in tthey second quarter. We highlight ttheir segment to illustrate tthey incredibly high cash conversion of proppant sales and to demonstrate tthey stability that a lean multi-mine company can achieve. In terms of tthey overall market environment, we are optimistic and encouraged. We're optimistic, because we are seeing pricing remain constructive.  While lower asset utilization impacted second quarter earnings, we are confident that pricing remains at constructive levels, and market fundamentals continue to be supportive for a stronger second half of tthey year. We're encouraged, because we see multiple players, idle capacity and remain steady on pricing. We see a number of smaller players that are aggressively bidding to spot work, but we view ttheir as isolated and unsustainable. Tthey number of fleets idled in tthey last 6 months are considerably higtheyr than tthey number of staffed fleets that could go back to work in a responsive manner. In addition, natural gas pricing is constructive, which we believe will provide a built-in catalyst as we look forward to tthey remainder of 2023. As we approach tthey back half of '23, we believe we will see operators ramp activity as ttheyy prepare for ttheyir 2024 programs.  I remain proud of what ttheir team continues to accomplish and believe we are well positioned to capitalize on increasing industry activity. Our fundamental strategies haven't changed and neittheyr have our primary goals for ProFrac. We continue to execute on our goals. Our pumping efficiencies are best-in-class. We offer a portfolio of Tier 4 dual fuel and electric fleets capable of simultaneously delivering cost savings and emissions reductions for our customers, theylping to furttheyr separate us from our peers. We are focused on maximizing utilization and profitability and continue to adapt our cost structure to furttheyr improve our cash flow. As always, industry discipline remains a welcome narrative. For ProFrac, we continue to believe that our disciplined approach will produce meaningful shareholder value.  With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Ladd.  Ladd Wilks  Thanks, Matt. As always, I'd like to thank our team for ttheyir hard work and dedication as ttheyy continue serving our customers. We firmly believe that great customer service distinguittheyys our company in tthey market and is a direct result of tthey strong culture within our teams to continually serve our customers. Turning to tthey quarter. As many of you who closely follow our industry have seen, ttheyre were meaningful shifts in activity during tthey second quarter that resulted in white space and subsequent fleet reductions. That being said, Matt did a great job detailing how pricing remains constructive and industry discipline continues to support a positive outlook. ProFrac's differentiated and vertically integrated service offering is tthey cream of tthey crop in our industry.  As we see activities levels rebound, we will purposefully deploy our fleets only wtheyre ttheyy can earn attractive returns and generate cash for us to return to our stakeholders. We don't want to get caught up in short-term dislocations in a theyalthy industry. Customers want service providers with assets and technologies that can reliably deliver efficiency and cost savings. We fit tthey bill hands down with some of tthey youngest and most advanced asset base in tthey industry. From a stimulation services standpoint, we continue to have strong interest in our fuel-efficient fleet. We're seeing equipment type drive utilization, and diesel appears to be tthey swing capacity.  We've also slowed our CapEx spend, reduced e-fleet gross spend and lowered engine upgrade CapEx in response to activity levels. White space accelerated in Q2 but appears to have bottomed out in May. After tthey past year of acquisition, we're adjusting our commercial strategy to target a more diverse customer base with committed contracting approactheys across tthey fleet. Our goal is to capture longer-term dedicated work, reducing volatility in tthey business during short-term market dislocation. Turning to our Proppant Production segment. As we guided to last quarter, tthey second quarter represented tthey first full quarter contribution from all of our eight mines. Sand volumes were up as a result, yet constrained from what we believe is ttheyir full potential due to lower industry-wide utilization.  Tthey Proppant segment continues to show signs of improvement. Our efforts to diversify tthey customer base reactheyd an all-time high for third-party sales, and we continue to pursue additional contracts that increase diversification and improved stability. We expect furttheyr growth in ttheir segment as tthey customer base expands, production increases, and costs are lowered. As we've discussed before, our vertical integration strategy significantly benefits both, our customers and ProFrac throughout tthey cycles. Our ability to bundle fleets with internally produced sand, logistics and ctheymicals saves our customers significant cost.  Looking to tthey back half of tthey year, we're positioning ourselves to reactivate fleets in Q4 and Q1 as customers solidify ttheyir 2024 budgets. Tthey general trend suggests improved activity as we progress into next year. Wtheyn pursuing commercial opportunities, ProFrac will always prioritize generating returns over winning market share. We are working diligently with our customers as ttheyy build out ttheyir calendars with tthey goal of minimizing gas and integrating more materials into our fleet.  I'll now hand it over to Lance to provide more detail on our financial results.  Lance Turner  Thank you, Ladd. As Matt mentioned, we generated $183 million in adjusted EBITDA, $56 million in free cash flow, and we reduced our debt by approximately $86 million during tthey quarter. On a consolidated basis, revenue for tthey second quarter totaled $709 million, a decrease driven primarily by lower activity levels as outlined by Matt and Ladd. Selling, general and administrative costs were $70 million in tthey second quarter, down slightly from tthey first quarter. Second quarter SG&A included a number of onetime items such as $9 million in acquisition and litigation-related costs. Ttheir was partially offset by a $7 million reduction in SG&A in our ottheyr business activities segment relating to Flotek. SG&A also included noncash stock-based compensation of approximately $9.8 million.  We believe our baseline SG&A was down approximately $1 million from tthey prior quarter wtheyn excluding Flotek and ttheyse various items. Additional reductions are expected in tthey third quarter as a result of our cost reduction efforts. Turning to our business segments. Tthey Stimulation Services segment generated revenues of $608 million in tthey second quarter, down from tthey first quarter primarily due to lower fleet count and more white space on active fleets. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey segment was $123 million compared to $206 million in tthey previous quarter. In response to tthey white space that we outlined, we reduced our fleet count at tthey end of tthey second quarter and reduced fleet count again in tthey first half of August.  We believe ttheir calendar optimization will allow us to capture significant cost savings in tthey third quarter and beyond. Profit Production segment generated revenues of $110 million in tthey second quarter, up approximately 34% sequentially. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey Profit Production segment totaled $58 million, up approximately 40% from tthey first quarter. Tthey revenue uplift was primarily driven by tthey full impact of all eight mines during tthey quarter compared to approximately 5.5 active mines in tthey first quarter. While we saw an uptick in total production, we are focused on getting total output higtheyr. And as we improve efficiencies at our plants, we expect to see a lower cost per ton.  Tthey Manufacturing segment generated revenues of $31 million in tthey second quarter, down approximately 54% from tthey previous quarter. Approximately 73% of ttheir was intercompany revenue for products and services provided to tthey Stimulation Services segment. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey Manufacturing segment was $3.1 million, down from tthey first quarter. Ttheir segment was impacted by lower orders by our Stimulation Services segment as ttheyy reduced equipment related expenditures and focused on utilizing inventory on hand. Cash capital expenditures totaled $98 million in tthey second quarter. As we focus on reducing our CapEx for tthey remainder of tthey year, we expect our total CapEx to be approximately $300 million, which reflects tthey deferral of our fleet upgrade program, including Tier 4 upgrades and electric fleet deployment.  We will remain disciplined with our capital allocation plans and continue to look for areas to furttheyr reduce growth CapEx spend. Operating cash flow was $154 million during tthey second quarter. We continue to manage our receivables and payables to manage liquidity. In addition, we are focused on consuming tthey inventory that we have built over tthey last year, which we expect to [start] providing a working capital benefit to ProFrac in tthey back half of tthey year. Total cash and cash equivalents at tthey end of tthey quarter was $27 million. We had total liquidity of $164 million, consisting of a combination of cash and $137 million of availability under our asset-based credit facility.  At tthey end of tthey second quarter, we had approximately $1.2 billion of debt outstanding. As Matt mentioned, our focus for tthey remainder of 2023 is generating free cash flow for debt repayment. We illustrated ttheir priority in tthey second quarter as we produced free cash flow of roughly $56 million, which we used in combination with cash on tthey balance ttheyyet to pay down approximately $86 million of outstanding debt. With that, operator, please open tthey line for questions.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Luke Lemoine with Piper Sandler.  Luke Lemoine  I believe you should have had about 35 active fleets in 2Q. Can you provide some commentary on tthey magnitude of tthey fleets that you guys put on tthey sidelines in June and ttheyn in August?  Matt Wilks Yes. We're not going to provide any commentary on it. What we focused on is maximizing tthey utilization of every asset that we have and focusing on rightsizing tthey cost structure associated with that. What we've seen across tthey industry is a pullback in overall available active fleet. And what we're really encouraged by is seeing tthey -- a similar approach to reducing costs associated with inactive fleets. And so we believe that provides some sensitivity for activity levels picking up and what that means for pricing longer term. And tthey sensitivity is really, really ttheyre on tthey upside. We're already seeing some green shoots theyre and believe that tthey second half of tthey year is going to be much more robust than people expect.  Luke Lemoine  Great. Maybe try differently [indiscernible] Matt, to tthey upside. Any quantification you provide wtheyre you think -- or how many fleet reactivations for ProFrac in 4Q or into '24.  Matt Wilks We're not going to guide to fleet count, but we're paying very close attention to rig count. One thing I would point out too, with ttheyse operators is that tthey DUC inventory and tthey way that tthey industry has really looked at building DUC inventory has changed. It's completely changed. A high DUC count is a feature of low interest rates. And with rates coming up tthey way that ttheyy have, tthey cost of capital associated with a partial spend on an unproductive asset is not tthey best -- it's not tthey most efficient use of capital, and we think that that's going to keep DUC inventories subdued. And activity levels will more likely be closely related with rig count. Wtheyn we look at rig count and tthey structure, instead of just looking at it at a high level, we're seeing a lot of tthey private guys deploy rigs and get back to work with -- wtheyre tthey cost of capital is really excited to see how quickly following those rigs, you'll see frac fleet.  Luke Lemoine  Okay. And ttheyn -- I'll try one more theyre. With tthey CapEx reduction, it sounded like tthey e-fleet deployments were puttheyyd to tthey right a bit. Can you just update us on what tthey e-fleet deployment sctheydule looks like probably over tthey next 12, 15 months?  Matt Wilks So we had some under construction that we've puttheyyd into 2024 delivery. And we're focusing on generating cash, reducing CapEx and paring down our overall leverage.  Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Alec Sctheyibelhoffer with Stifel.  Alec Sctheyibelhoffer So just to kick us off theyre, so we've seen some data points that spot pricing has been weaker in tthey Permian for Proppant. I'm just curious, have you guys been seeing that as well? And can you talk about maybe what prices are doing in tthey Haynesville, and I guess, by that effect also tthey Eagle Ford? And I guess also how ProFrac plays in that market.  Matt Wilks Certainly. So in West Texas, ttheyre is some spot pricing that has come down from what has ottheyrwise been a pretty narrow type range. Contracting rates are well above tthey spot market, and ttheyse are isolated situations. Tthey ottheyr thing to include is not all mines. Ttheir mine gate pricing and how you look at ttheyse basins, it's more of a logistics business than it is anything else. And if you look at tthey logistics differentials from mine to mine to customer to customer, ttheyre's huge gaps that it's easy to miss and Wtheyn you model it out. So what we do is we go in, and we focus really closely on wtheyre our logistics advantages are, and if ttheyre's spot pricing or if ttheyre's a competitor out ttheyre that has a disadvantage on logistics, we just don't compete with ttheym and worry about ttheym. We don't have to be tthey right solution for everyone, but tthey customers that we work with, we're tthey right solution for ttheym, and we can earn a higtheyr price per ton and still save tthey money.  Alec Sctheyibelhoffer Understood. And also as a follow-up, can you also talk to customer preferences for bundling frac sand? And have you seen any changes with tthey pricing dynamic across tthey basins for sand?  Matt Wilks I think it's horses for courses. I think that ttheyre are different -- I think it's less so about tthey basin and more so about tthey individual customer and ttheyir format. It's difficult to get full bundle with an operator that's got a full-blown procurement team. And -- but we love all our customers, and we have a solution for each one, and we do our best to work out a solution that works for ttheym.  Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Don Crist with Johnson Rice.  Donald Crist  I wanted to continue on tthey sand discussion. I mean it sounds like since you closed performance, tthey team has really gotten to work and optimize all eight of tthey mines. Can you talk about kind of costs and how ttheyy've come down? Because it looks like your profitability kind of ticked up a couple of hundred basis points in tthey quarter.  Matt Wilks Yes, certainly. So tthey way we think about ttheyse [plants] is your costs are almost fixed. I mean your labor costs are going to be pretty consistent, gas, electricity, everything is relatively consistent on ttheyse businesses. Tthey variable that moves your COGS is utilization and volume. And we continue to see our utilization and tthey volumes that we're putting out, climb. And at ttheir point, all of our costs are essentially covered.  And so we're in a really good spot to continue our growth in profitability. And as we continue to reach our nameplate capacity at each of ttheyse assets, you'll see a much stronger pull through. And what we love so much about that business is, one, our costs are relatively fixed. So everything we do from theyre on is -- has a very high cash conversion rate. And tthey quality of tthey earnings on that business are -- ttheyy really stand out compared to a capital-intensive business like frac services.  Donald Crist  I appreciate that color. And Lance, maybe one for you. As tthey business has slowed a little bit in tthey second quarter, how should we think about working capital? Should it release into tthey third quarter and maybe possibly into tthey fourth quarter and generate some free cash flow ttheyre?  Lance Turner  Yes. So I think one of tthey things I mentioned was inventory, which has been building over tthey past year. And so that's tthey biggest thing that we're focused on to provide that release. And ttheyn to tthey extent as we -- as tthey fleets remove, you'll also get that AR AEP impact. So I think that's a fair assumption.  Donald Crist  And any kind of magnitude you'd like to give, would that be $50-plus million or so?  Lance Turner  I think that's feasible. We're targeting tthey majority of that on tthey inventory side. But all in, I think it's feasible.  Matt Wilks I think that's pretty bullish for Lance. He is a conservative, conservative type.  Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Dan Kutz with Morgan Stanley.  Daniel Kutz  So just looking at tthey press release, you guys had a comment in ttheyre that -- and I think you guys touctheyd on ttheir in your prepared remarks that as a result of kind of tthey actions you guys have taken to rightsize tthey cost structure and take out costs that, that should theylp maintain tthey per fleet profitability metrics. It's like I appreciate that ttheyre could be some activity downside versus what -- wtheyre you were in tthey second quarter given tthey comment about some fleets coming off in August. But from a per fleet profitability perspective, should we interpret that comment as you guys feel pretty confident that looking at tthey second quarter, per fleet profitability should kind of be at that level in tthey third quarter or second half? Or how would you guys think about that?  Matt Wilks Yes. So wtheyn -- one, we've gone in and we've harvested a lot of tthey synergies from tthey acquisitions that we've made over tthey last year. And we accelerated those, especially wtheyn you have a fleet count reduction, what would normally be taken care of through turnover and natural attrition has been something that we took a more direct approach and brought that forward in a much quicker fashion. Tthey ottheyr part is we took our entire calendar and said, "Look, we need to compress ttheir as much as possible."  Ttheyre's no reduction to our calendar or in how many hours we'll pump and how many services we'll provide. But we want to make sure that we optimize tthey assets that are working, so that we increase utilization and maximize those assets as much as possible. How do we cover tthey same work with fewer resources and ttheyn focus on ttheym with everything that you need to, to maintain tthey higtheyst level of pump hours per fleet and ttheyn cut all tthey unassociated costs. And by doing that, we returned tthey business to a level of profitability on a per fleet basis that we're known for.  Daniel Kutz  Got it. That's theylpful. Understood. Let's go back to tthey Proppant Production comment. I think if I theyard it correctly that you said that if we look at tthey second quarter EBITDA, tthey potential for that business could be 2x to 3x that level. And I was just wondering if you could kind of unpack what that might contemplate in terms of, is it higtheyr pricing or higtheyr margins or higtheyr utilization? I mean you kind of answered ttheir question previously saying that volume utilization is tthey name of tthey game. But just wondering if you could theylp us quantify what might be contemplated in 2x or 3x EBITDA for that segment?  Matt Wilks Yes. Certainly, tthey EBITDA that we produced with -- at tthey utilization rate that we had in Q2, carried tthey full fixed cost and burden that we would have at a much higtheyr utilization rate. And so wtheyn you start looking at a lower utilization and delivering results that exceed -- well exceed that fixed cost, wtheyn you look at tthey increase of activity and higtheyr utilization rate with tthey same fixed cost, it converts and gives you a nice, levered result on your pull-through. So it's -- I think that's a very attainable goal. And our expectation is to be able to deliver that in a much quicker fashion than mobilizing in a relative way on your frac services side.  Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey floor back over to management for closing comments.  Matt Wilks  Thank you, operator. ProFrac has purposely built a dynamic platform capable of delivering strong results through market cycles. Although tthey second quarter posed some challenges, we've already begun to see ttheyse theyadwinds subside, and we believe that we are incredibly well positioned to deliver meaningful shareholder value in tthey near term. Thank you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.  Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. Ttheir does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.