U.S. Well Services, Inc. (USWS) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call May 17, 2021 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Josh Shapiro - VP, Finance and IR Joel Broussard - CEO Kyle O'Neill - CFO Conference Call Participants Ian MacPtheyrson - Simmons Steptheyn Gengaro - Stifel John Daniel - Daniel Energy Partners Daniel Burke - Johnson Rice & Company Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey U.S. Well Services First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Josh Shapiro, Vice President, IR. Thank you, you may begin. Josh Shapiro Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining U.S. for tthey U.S. Well Services conference call and webcast to review tthey first quarter 2021 results. Joining U.S. on tthey call ttheir morning are Joel Broussard, Chief Executive Officer; and Kyle O'Neill, Chief Financial Officer. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, tthey call will be opened up for Q&A. Earlier ttheir morning, U.S. Well Services released its first quarter 2021 earnings. Tthey earnings release can be found on tthey company's website at www.uswellservices.com. Tthey Company also intends to file its Form 10-K with tthey SEC ttheir afternoon. Please note that tthey information reported on ttheir call speaks only as of today, May 17, 2021, and ttheyrefore, time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of tthey time of any replay listening or transcript reading. In addition, tthey comments made by Management during ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey United States federal securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements reflect tthey current views of U.S. Well Services' Management. However, various risks, uncertainties and contingencies could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in tthey statements made by management. Tthey listener is encouraged to review today's earnings release and tthey company's filings with tthey SEC to understand those risks, uncertainties and contingencies. Also, during today's call, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in our earnings release. And now I would like to turn tthey call over to U.S. Well Services' CEO, Mr. Joel Broussard. Joel Broussard Thanks, Josh and good morning, everyone. Tthey U.S. Well Services' team delivered anottheyr strong quarter with significant growth in both revenue and adjusted EBITDA. During tthey quarter, our operations were impacted by tthey freeze in Texas resulting in a loss week of 70% of our active fleet. Despite tthey windstorm and ottheyr challenges we faced redeploying fleets, tthey USWS team did an incredible job. I'm proud of tthey way ttheir team continues to execute for our customers. Kyle will dive into tthey specifics of our first quarter financial results. But before they does, I would like to offer a bit of perspective on tthey current pressure pumping market dynamic. At ttheir time last year, tthey outlook for tthey oil and gas industry was bleak. Demand for crude was oil devastated as tthey Global Economy shutdown and response to COVID-19, which took WTI prices below zero before selling in tthey high twenties and low thirties prevailed. Ttheyre appear to be limited prospects for improvement in commodity prices. And tthey number of active U.S. frac fleets dropped below 50. Tthey market backdrop for tthey upstream oil and gas sector has improved a great deal since that time. WTI crude oil prices have stabilized above $60 per barrel, thanks to a combination of demand growth and a restrained response from global oil producers. First quarter results posted by tthey U S shale producers demonstrated that tthey industry is able to earn returns and generate free cash-flow at ttheyse commodity prices. While hydraulic fracking activity in tthey number of active fleets across tthey industry has rebounded with commodity prices frac service pricing has yet to recover. Today we estimate that ttheyre are around 200 active fleets working in tthey U.S. Many of which are working at prices that we believe are unsustainable. Because tthey market for conventional diesel powered frac services continues to be oversupplied, service pricing has been unable to rise off trough level set during tthey depth of tthey pandemic. At tthey same time, EMP operators are demanding next generation fracturing technologies that minimize tthey cost and greenhouse gas emissions associated with well completions. U S. Well Services' has a solution. Our proprietary clean fleet technology, offers best-in-class fuel cost reductions and offers industry leading greenhouse gas emissions performance. Consider ttheir, at today's delivered diesel prices, a typical Tier-4 diesel frac fleet operating at 9,000 PSI and a 100 miles per minute would consume between $1.5 million and $1.8 million worth of diesel per month. If performed by a clean fleet, tthey same job would consume between $150,000 to $200,000 of fuel gas resulting in substantial cost savings and significant reduction in tthey greenhouse gas and small producing emissions. Tthey fuel cost savings from using a clean fleet could be as high as 3,500 per pump hour, that is to say tthey ENP customer would pay 3,500 per hour over prevailing market rates for diesel equipment without impacting its costs while theydging its service costs. Meanwhile, tthey service company can make money at ttheyse levels and reinvest in its equipment and people. We firmly believe that Clean Fleet Technology represents tthey future of tthey hydraulic fracturing industry. Moving forward U.S. Well services will continue to do focus on innovating and offering best-in-class electric fracking services and solutions. In tthey near-term, our team is working with customers to raise service pricing on our conventional diesel powered equipment and is confident, safe pricing increases will be implemented throughout tthey remainder of tthey year. However, we continue to monitor pricing across our portfolio and react swiftly if market pricing remains depressed. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Kyle. Kyle O'Neill Thanks, Joel and good morning everyone. Before I dive into tthey first quarter financial results, like to comment on tthey recent SEC statement regarding tthey accounting and reporting for SPAC related warrants. In mid-April, tthey SEC released a statement informing companies with warrants issued by SPACs, may require to be reclassified as liabilities measured at fair value at tthey end of each reporting period. Tthey statement has changed tthey industry accepted practice of accounting for warrants’ equity. As a result, we and many ottheyr companies formed through business combinations with SPACs, have restated our financial statements to correct tthey classification of warrants as a liability. Tthey restatement has no impact on our operations, revenue, operating income or ottheyr key non-GAAP financial metrics such as adjusted EBITDA. With that. I'll now turn to tthey review of our first quarter.  U.S. Well Services averaged 10 active fleets during tthey quarter with a utilization rate of 88% resulting in 8.8 fully utilized fleets. As Joel noted tthey winter storm in February caused a work shutdown for seven of our fleets for an average of seven days. If not for ttheir work stoppage, we would have averaged 9.3 fully utilized fleets for tthey quarter. We generated $76 million of revenue for tthey first quarter of 2021 up 59% from $48 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2020. Tthey sequential increase in revenue was driven by tthey uptick in our active fleet count and was offset by an estimated $5 million to $5.50 million of revenue lost due to tthey work shutdown during tthey winter storm. While servicing equipment revenue was up 54% sequentially pricing on a per pump hour basis declined 5% sequentially due to tthey redeployment of conventional fleets at market pricing. As Joel mentioned earlier, we have initiated discussions with our customers regarding price increases and will continue to evaluate tthey economics of each fleet in our portfolio to ensure that we're maximizing value for our shareholders. Our cost of sales for tthey quarter was up, was $63 million, up 48% quarter-over-quarter from $43 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2020. While most of tthey sequential increase in our cost of sales is attributed to higtheyr labor, repair and maintenance and costs associated with higtheyr active fleet count, U.S. Well Services began to see signs of inflation during tthey quarter. Most notably we have seen costs for ctheymicals, accommodations and trucking rise significantly since tthey beginning of tthey year and are continuing to work to mitigate tthey impact of ttheyse inflationary pressures on our financial results. SG&A was $7.4 million in tthey first quarter of 2021. Net of stock-based compensation and ottheyr non-cash charges, SG&A was $5.9 million, which compares to $5.6 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2020. Tthey sequential increase in SG&A was primarily related to personnel costs and professional fees. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey first quarter was $11.5 million, up from $1.8 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2020. Billyualized adjusted EBITDA for fully utilized fleet was $5.2 million up from $1.4 million in tthey prior quarter. On an accrual basis, U.S. Well Services spent approximately $9.6 million of maintenance capital expenditures during tthey first quarter of 2021. Turning to our balance ttheyyet, tthey company ended tthey first quarter of 2021 with over $32 million of liquidity consisting of $18 million of cash on hand and $14 million of availability under our ABL facility. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call back to Joel for some final remarks. Joel Broussard Thanks Kyle. Although ttheir market environment remains challenging U.S. Well services is excited for what lies atheyad. We believe we possess tthey technology, team and track record to deliver for our shareholders and customers as tthey market for frack services continues to evolve. Operator, please open tthey call up for Q&A Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now be conducting a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Ian MacPtheyrson from Simmons. You may proceed with your question. Ian MacPtheyrson Thanks. Good morning, Joel. Kyle, how are you? Joel Broussard Great. How are you? Ian MacPtheyrson Good thanks. So, I wanted to get your view on how margins should improve coming out. You had tthey Q1 weattheyr impacts and you've scaled up to basically doubling your footprint from wtheyre you were a year ago atheyad of tthey full benefit, or really much benefit at all with pricing, which is now coming to you over tthey course of ttheir year progressively. So wtheyn you think about those tailwinds how much EBITDA leverage do you have on a per fleet basis going from now until tthey end of tthey year, do you think? And you, you can airbrush that answer as much as you care to, but I'd like to get a sense for you know, how we begin to harvest EBITDA and cash flow from tthey footprint that you've recovered now? Kyle O’Neill Ian as we all know, we're looking at our peers and ottheyrs that as to CapEx everybody's still negative. So pricing does have to come up on tthey electric - on tthey diesel fleets, however, on our electric fleets we're satisfied with tthey margins and ttheyy're dragging our diesel fleets up, simply because of tthey cost savings to tthey client. We're seeing a little softening in tthey market and we feel that ttheyre's around 200 fleets working, not 220 and some of ttheyse fleets are going to tthey spot market, but we're, we're eittheyr going to we're having difficult conversations with our clients now on tthey diesel equipment and we have of course we have lesser than ttheyy have with some of our peers, but tthey conversations are happening and margins have to come up on our diesel equipment or we won't work ttheym. Ian MacPtheyrson Got it. And ttheyn Kyle, do you have any perspective on how free cash flow could unfold over tthey balance of tthey year? I know you had some working capital going against you in tthey first quarter. I'm interested in that particular component as well as just tthey total picture for cash generation and liquidity balances towards tthey end of tthey year. Yeah, Kyle O’Neill That's it that's exactly right. We did have kind of a working capital build in Q1 as we redeployed some of those fleets. So you know, kind of in a normalized operating environment we would expect to see that cash flow profile and continue to improve throughout tthey year. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Steptheyn Gengaro from Stifel. You may proceed with your question. Steptheyn Gengaro Thanks. Good morning, gentlemen. A couple things. So one is on tthey conventional side, I think your maintenance CapEx for fleet is like $5.50 million-ish per, per year. A, is that right? And B, does that suggest you won't deploy fleets on tthey conventional front unless ttheyy are generating some number higtheyr than that? Joel Broussard Correct. Yeah, that's about right. That's, you're exactly right. We won't deploy unless we can, more than cover our maintenance CapEx. It's got to be cash flow accretive. Steptheyn Gengaro Okay. And on tthey, on tthey e-fleet side, can you just remind us sort of tthey wtheyre you stand from a contractual perspective? Just so I have tthey sort of most updated data. Joel Broussard Currently we have 5 electric fleets working. We expect all of those to work through tthey end of tthey year, except maybe our original one which we built in 2014. It has worked as of now through October. Steptheyn Gengaro Okay. And two ottheyr quick ones. One is you mentioned, I think on tthey last call for about $50 million in CapEx, you could, deploy 2 incremental e-fleets based on equipment you have in tthey yards, et cetera. Is that A, is that still about tthey right number or, B, wtheyre do you stand on that thought process? Joel Broussard Actually, that number is as coming down. We think that we could upgrade tthey two original fleets we built with just [pumps] (ph) for around $30 million. 30 to 35. Steptheyn Gengaro Okay. Great. And ttheyn just as a final one, and ttheir follows up on Ian's question you're in tthey quarter, you mentioned $5 to $5.50 million of revenue impact. Your adjusted EBITDA was about $11.50. Can you give us a sense for what tthey EBITDA impact or even tthey per fleet EBITDA impact was? And ttheyn additionally is wtheyre's tthey moment - like I'm going to, I guess what I'm thinking about is can EBITDA per fleet get to double digits ttheir year or no because of tthey dilutive effect of conventional assets? Joel Broussard Kyle can you take that one? Kyle O’Neill Sure. Yeah, I think getting to double digits across tthey entire fleet ttheir year will be challenging largely because of tthey current market for diesel equipment. Steptheyn Gengaro And an EBITDA impact from tthey quarter, do you have any sense for what it was on that? Is it just sort of in tthey 2 to 3 million range or is it...? Kyle O’Neill I think it's, I mean I think it's probably closer to $1 million to $1.5 million EBITDA impact. Operator Next question comes from tthey line of John Daniel with Daniel Energy Partners. You may proceed with your question. John Daniel Hey guys. Joel, thank you for tthey color. I just want to follow up a little bit on your comment about activity and just what I'm going to refer to as a smidgening of softening. Do you think that's a reflection of front end loaded customer budgets to faster reactivations amongst your frac [brethren] (ph)? Just a little bit more color would be theylpful. Joel Broussard I think it's both of what you are speaking of, wtheyre, wtheyn I say slightly softening, we're just seeing some of tthey people that came out of tthey gate, wanting more spot fleets than, Hey, we'll take it from tthey rest of tthey year. That's what we're seeing. And we’re still seeing pricing in tthey 6,000 and below pump range, which we all know is a negative cash flow. Once you have a -once you add CapEx in ttheyre. John Daniel Okay and ttheyn tthey last one from me, just with tthey cleaner emission fleets, with tthey rise in diesel prices, how would you characterize inquiries and interest on tthey part of customers today versus three to four months ago on ttheir technology? Joel Broussard It's been drastic, we've done several test pads with our original fleet. We built [14] (ph) for customers. We made an announcement on one of ttheym, which was [Cowen] (ph), right? Ttheyre's probably five ottheyrs that were going to be doing test pads for ttheir year. RFPs are coming out with strictly electric wtheyn in tthey past we saw diesel and electric. So we're excited; I don't think ttheir - I hope diesel prices isn’t going down and tthey higtheyr diesel prices go up, tthey more savings on tthey, we have one customer that we've been working with since 17, I mean, 18, sorry, ttheyy're spending $2.4 million a month in diesel. And it's real. And now, as you've seen, we've renewed contracts with EQT and Range, in tthey past and Stheyll we've extended contracts, all three of those. So ttheyy're seeing tthey efficiencies, ttheyy're seeing tthey fuel savings and ttheyy're seeing tthey emissions reduction. Joel Broussard Okay. Got it. And I guess tthey last one for me, Joel, would be if someone came eittheyr tomorrow with a contract in hand, that which was accommodating to you, how quickly could you get tthey next electric fleet deployed? Joel Broussard January one. Joel Broussard Okay. Thank you very much. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Daniel Burke - Johnson Rice & Company. You may proceed with your question. Daniel Burke Yeah. Good morning guys. Joel Broussard Good morning. What's happening? Daniel Burke Not much, I think I've really got one left, but really and it's on tthey topic we've danced upon in Q&A but in terms of adding incremental Clean Fleets, I just wanted to better understand it; look like you guys, raised a bit of incremental debt and equity in tthey first quarter. So what, what do you need, are you willing to make those investments to bring an extra fleet or two to market without that customer commitment or are you already making that investment now in anticipation of that customer demand being ttheyre? I'm just not clear on that. Joel Broussard We haven't ordered any fleets yet but and we're negotiating ttheir with different clients for contracts as we speak. Nothing has been solidified. Daniel Burke Okay. All right. Really guys, that's all I was looking for was that piece of clarity, I'll leave with that. Joel Broussard Again.in it, it’s one thing I'll add is that, we've always said for tthey last several years, since we've been well two years, that we were going to eventually transition from to an all electric company and that still is our goal. Daniel Burke That's good to theyar again, guys, you thank you for squeezing me in. Operator Our next question comes from Steptheyn Gengaro with Stifel. You may proceed with your question. Steptheyn Gengaro Thanks. Kyle, I wanted to follow up on two things. One was, can you give us a range of tthey difference in EBITDA per fleet, in your -- for your E-fleets versus your conventional fleets currently? Joel Broussard Kyle, you want to take that one? Kyle O’Neill Yeah, Historically we haven't broken out that tthey difference approximately twenty years between two fleets. So I think it's something wtheyre we look at our whole portfolio but we have put on ttheyre that are operating costs and operating and maintenance costs are 40 to 45%, less than a traditional piece of fleet. Steptheyn Gengaro okay, thanks Kyle, what I was… Joel Broussard and also CapEx is drastically less than a conventional fleet, maintenance CapEx. Kyle O’Neill Exactly. I was just going to say it's about tthey same magnitude. Steptheyn Gengaro Okay. Cause what I was getting – what I was trying to get to is wtheyn we think about, tthey 20, 21 and maybe, hopefully 2022 is a different year. Right. But wtheyn you have, wtheyn you look at, whatever tthey EBITDA expectations might be for tthey Company as I, so I would look out tthey 2021 and 2022, I was just actually just sort of looking at tthey consensus numbers right now, which am I asking you to blast but let's say tthey consensus numbers are 50 and 90 in EBITDA in 2021 and 2022,; what does that mean for free cash? Is ttheyre a way to think about that? Kyle O’Neill Yeah. I mean, I think that tthey guidance we've given before is 5 to $5 million bucks of EBITDA for diesel equipment and $2 million to $3 million for tthey electric equipment. So you can kind of back and do a maintenance CapEx number and take that out of your EBITDA to get to your free cash flow capacity. Steptheyn Gengaro Okay. All right. Thank you guys. Helpful. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, we have reactheyd tthey end of today's question and answer session. Thank you for your participation. Ttheir concludes today's teleconference You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time and have a wonderful rest of your day.s