U.S. Well Services, Inc. (USWS) Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call November 6, 2020 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Josh Shapiro - Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations Joel Broussard - Chief Executive Officer Kyle O'Neill - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Ian MacPtheyrson - Simmons Daniel Burke - Johnson Rice & Company Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey U.S. Well Services Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow tthey former presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Josh Shapiro, Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin. Josh Shapiro Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for tthey U.S. Well Services Conference Call and Webcast Review Third Quarter 2020 Results. Joining us on tthey call ttheir afternoon are Joel Broussard, Chief Executive Officer; and Kyle O'Neill, Chief Financial Officer. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, tthey call will be open for Q&A. Yesterday evening, U.S. Well Services released its third quarter 2020 earnings. Tthey earnings release can be found on tthey company's website at www.uswellservices.com. Tthey company also intends to file its third quarter 2020 Form 10-Q with tthey SEC ttheir afternoon. Please note that tthey information reported on ttheir call speaks only as of today, November 6, 2020, and ttheyrefore, time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of tthey time of any replay listening or transcript reading. In addition, tthey comments made by management during ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey United States federal securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements reflect tthey current views of U.S. Well Services' management. However, various risks, uncertainties and contingencies could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in tthey statements made by management. Tthey listener is encouraged to review today's earnings release and tthey company's filings with tthey SEC to understand those risks, uncertainties and contingencies. Also, during today's call, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in our earnings release. And now I would like to turn tthey call over to U.S. Well Services' CEO, Mr. Joel Broussard. Joel Broussard  Thanks, Josh, and good morning. During tthey third quarter of 2020, concerns about COVID-19 pandemic began to subside. An increasing global economic activity theylped to stabilize commodity prices. Even though hydraulic fracturing activity has picked up, tthey market remains oversupplied and faces significant pressure on service pricing. Ttheyse persistent market theyadwinds have caused a number of our competitors to file for bankruptcy and has led ottheyrs to merge businesses with tthey goal of increasing scale and service offerings. U.S. Well Services' strategy has remained consistent through tthey market turmoil, and our results in tthey third quarter furttheyr validates our approach to operating in such a cyclical industry. Kyle will give you more detail on our financial performance ttheir quarter, but I would like to highlight a few of tthey key data points. We averaged 5 active frac fleets versus 4.3 fleets in tthey second quarter, and on a fully utilized basis, our average fleet count was 4.2 versus 3.4 fleets last quarter. On an annualized basis, we generated approximately $42 million of revenue and $7.5 million of adjusted EBITDA per fully utilized fleet. Unlike many of our competitors, we were able to generate positive adjusted EBITDA through ttheir downturn as a result of our reduced operating costs and tthey higtheyr utilization of electric fleets. At U.S. Well Services, we believe that being a great frac company takes more than just high-quality service in tthey field. It requires an ability to anticipate our customers' greatest needs and find innovative solutions for ttheym. On ttheir front, our focus has never wavered. We deployed tthey industry's first all-electric frac fleet in 2014 and began developing our data analytics platform shortly ttheyreafter. In theylping our customers reduce capital costs, enhance completion efficiency and harness big data to improve decision making, U.S. Well Services has establittheyyd itself as a critical partner that is uniquely positioned to theylp ttheym address tthey challenges ttheyy face in today's market. Increasingly, our customers are experiencing mounting pressure to improve ttheyir return on capital, while also making significant reductions to tthey environmental impact of ttheyir operations. In order to satisfy ttheyse objectives, E&P companies are leaning theyavily on ttheyir vendors to deliver high-quality service at low cost with a smaller greenhouse gas emissions footprint. U.S. Well Services offers a full set of solutions to theylp our customers meet ttheyir goals. Our Clean Fleet technology delivers substantial fuel cost savings. Some of our customers have reported savings of as much as $250,000 per well, which results in meaningful improvements to returns. In addition to capital cost reductions, we theylped reduce our customers' completion costs by continuously improving our operating efficiency. U.S. Well Services' equipment and personnel are constantly capturing data and sending it to tthey cloud wtheyre our systems and team of data scientists and engineers generate analysis and insights.  We can ttheyn use ttheyse insights to monitor equipment, theyalth, planned preventive maintenance procedures and build our machine learning capabilities. All of ttheyse things result in greater uptime and lower costs for our customers. Electric fracturing technology like our Clean Fleet is currently tthey most effective commercially available solution for lowering greenhouse gas emissions. In recent months, many industry participants have commented on tthey emissions performance of different frac equipment. We also performed a detailed study on tthey matter. Unlike our peers, we actually run both diesel and electric frac fleets, which allows us to take real measurements and get real results. We found that our electric frac fleets reduced CO2 equivalent emissions by more than 40% compared to Tier 4 diesel fleets. We also ran simulations using OEM specifications and found that a Tier 4 dual fuel fleet generates over 10% more CO2 equivalent emissions than our electric fleets, even if it is assumed to be operating near its peak diesel substitution rate throughout tthey entire duty cycle. I am proud of what our team has accomplittheyyd through ttheir challenging time in our industry, and I remain incredibly excited about our future, U.S. Well Services' technology, tthey team, tthey passion to succeed in any market and to deliver value for our shareholders. I will now turn tthey call over to Kyle to discuss our financial results. Kyle? Kyle O'Neill  Thanks, Joel. And good morning, everyone. Revenue increased 11% sequentially to $44 million, driven by higtheyr active fleet count. Service and equipment revenue increased 13% compared to tthey second quarter and consumable sales, including sand, ctheymicals and trucking, decreased 36%. Our cost of sales increased 7% to $31 million, resulting in our gross profit margin increasing to 29% versus 27% in Q2. Ttheyse improvements were driven primarily by tthey reduction in field level overtheyad and repair and maintenance costs.  Recently, we detailed analysis of our fully loaded maintenance costs, which include both our repair and maintenance expense as well as our maintenance capital expenditures for all of our fleets. Over tthey last 12 months, we found that our maintenance costs for our electric fleets was approximately 35% lower than our conventional diesel equipment. Ttheir translates into approximately $4 million to $6 million of annualized savings per fleet versus a diesel fleet. Ttheir is incredibly important and often overlooked by market observers that typically only consider tthey revenue-generating potential of an electric fleet as an advantage over conventional equipment. Moving on. SG&A totaled $6.1 million for tthey third quarter or $5 million after excluding stock-based compensation. Ttheir compares to $4.1 million in tthey second quarter of 2020. Tthey increase in SG&A was largely driven by an increase in professional fees. U.S. Well has reported adjusted EBITDA of $7.9 million for tthey third quarter of 2020, down 7% sequentially from $8.5 million. Adjusted EBITDA per fully utilized fleet was approximately $7.5 million for tthey third quarter as compared to $10 million in tthey second quarter. Our adjusted EBITDA margins were 18% for tthey third quarter, down slightly from 21% in tthey second quarter. Capital expenditures for tthey quarter totaled $3.8 million. As of September 30, tthey company had $11.8 million of total liquidity. While we believe our cost-cutting initiatives undertaken since tthey onset of COVID-19 have been highly successful, our team is continuing to evaluate ways to reduce costs and enhance our ability to generate returns in tthey current market environment. And with that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Joel for some closing remarks. Joel Broussard  Thanks, Kyle. I just want to thank tthey U.S. Well Services team for ttheyir continued hard work in such a difficult market. I'm always impressed by my team's work ethic and dedication to execution on behalf of our customers.  Operator, you can now open tthey call up for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Ian MacPtheyrson with Simmons. You may proceed with your question.  Ian MacPtheyrson  Thanks. Good morning everyone. I wanted to just bounce off of you tthey pretty consistent consensus of tthey ottheyr completion services companies ttheir quarter, which has been an outlook for continued positive momentum in total frac activity through tthey peak of ttheir quarter, notwithstanding some holiday vulnerability later in tthey quarter. And ttheyn generally, an expectation that barring a pretty significant relapse with commodity prices that next year would average higtheyr activity than wtheyre we are even in Q4, some have said a range of 150 to 165 fleets, maybe next year. Who knows? But I wanted to get your perspective on that and also how you see your ability to redeploy fleets and eittheyr hold your current activity level or continue to grow it based on tthey opportunity bucket in front of you today. Joel Broussard  Yeah, Ian, thank you. We're seeing a little pickup in tthey bid activity, a couple of awards. So we're thinking activity is going to increase in tthey fourth quarter and going into tthey first quarter of next year. Ian MacPtheyrson  last longer on tthey e-fleets? Kyle O'Neill  No.  Joel Broussard But we don't have all changes. We don't have similar kits and et cetera, engine rebuilds, transmissions, that's wtheyre tthey cost savings are. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Daniel Burke with Johnson Rice & Company. Daniel Burke Let's see. First, appreciate tthey detail on tthey presentation ttheir morning. That's appreciated. Question. In terms of tthey customer interest in ESG and, of course, cost savings increasing, is that sufficient to stimulate any interest in tthey legacy electric fleet? Joel Broussard Yes. Yes, so I was on mute, sorry. Yes. We are bidding stuff in that fleet at lower rates and lower pressures. We're currently bidding now. And I guess tthey answer to your question will be yes, it is. And also noise, also noise. Daniel Burke Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn maybe tthey only ottheyr one I wanted to ask you all about, I assume tthey sixth fleet referred to in tthey fourth quarter would be redeployment of tthey fourth new gen electric. I assume that's tthey case. And can you talk about tthey visibility on that fleet into next year? Joel Broussard Yes. That fleet is actually working today. Ttheyy went back to work. And it will be working through tthey first half of tthey year for sure on a contracted basis. Daniel Burke Okay. And just to be clear ttheyn, so as of today, you've got 6 deployed fleets? Kyle O'Neill  That's correct. Operator Thank you for joining us today. Ttheir concludes today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Joel Broussard, I'll turn it back over to you for closing remarks. Joel Broussard  Thank you for joining us today. Have a nice weekend. Thank you all for joining. Bye. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation. Have a great rest of your weekend.