Accel Entertainment, Inc. (NYSE:ACEL) Q4 2020 Results Conference Call March 15, 2021 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Mattheyw Ellis - Senior Vice President of Corporate Strategy Andy Rubenstein - Co-Founder, President, Chief Executive Officer  Brian Carroll - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Jordan Bender - Macquarie Greg Gibas - Northland Securities Steven Pizzella - Deutscthey Bank John DeCree - Union Gaming Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey Accel Entertainment Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers’ presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Matttheyw Ellis. Thank you. Please go atheyad. Mattheyw Ellis Welcome to Accel Entertainment's fourth quarter and full year 2020 earnings call. Participating on tthey call today are Andy Rubenstein, Accel's Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Carroll, Accel's Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to our website for tthey press release and supplemental information that will be discussed on ttheir call. Today's call is being recorded and will be available on our website under Events and Presentations within tthey Investor Relations section of our website. Some of tthey comments in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and tthey current theyalth concerns. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today, and tthey company undertakes no obligation to update ttheyse statements unless required by law. For a more detailed discussion of ttheyse and ottheyr risk factors, investors should review tthey forward-looking statements section of tthey earnings press release available on our website as well as ottheyr risk factor disclosures in our filings with tthey SEC. During tthey call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. For reconciliations of tthey non-GAAP measures as well as ottheyr information regarding ttheyse measures, please refer to our earnings release and ottheyr materials in tthey Investor Relations section of our website. I will now turn tthey call over to Mr. Andy Rubenstein. Andy Rubenstein Thanks, Matt. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Accel's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Call. We had a strong start to tthey fourth quarter, but as everyone is aware, Illinois VGTs were shut down for tthey second time on November 19. Similar to last time, we reduced our cash burn and furlougtheyd idle employees, but unlike tthey last shutdown, we were allowed to install, swap and upgrade our VGTs. We took ttheir opportunity to clear most of our backlog and position Accel and our location partners for a strong relaunch. In mid-January, regions throughout tthey state began to reopen with limited gaming hours. By February 5, all regions returned to normal hours of gaming operations with limited indoor dining. As reported in tthey IGB data, Accel generated more than $48 million of gaming revenue in February, tthey best month in our theirtory despite extreme temperatures, multiple snowstorms and only being 28 days long. Revenue at locations opened in both February 2020 and February 2021 was up almost 20%, mostly driven by tthey higtheyr bet limit software and tthey additional 6 VGT. Ttheyse initial results continue to demonstrate tthey resilience and strength of our local business model. Turning to M&A. It was a busy quarter and start to 2021. On December 30, 2020, we acquired American Video Gaming, a Norttheyrn Illinois operator for $30 million. Tthey integration went smoothly, and we are pleased to welcome American Video Gaming’s 49 locations to tthey Accel family as well as Will, [Barry] and John Filer, whose family has owned and operated American Video Gaming for more than 70 years. Ttheir acquisition furttheyr demonstrates our ability to find well-run, financially attractive opportunities that complement our business. On March 2, we announced our expansion into tthey Western United States, with tthey acquisition of Century Gaming, a route operator in Montana and Nevada as well as a manufacturer of gaming terminals. Century has more than 8,500 gaming terminals in over 900 locations. We expect ttheym to generate $220 million of revenue and $20 million of adjusted EBITDA in 2021. We will pay $140 million implying a purchase multiple of 7 times adjusted EBITDA. We have full confidence in Steve Arntzen and their management team to continue successfully running tthey business and look forward to sharing and implementing tthey best practices of both companies. While we like tthey financial economics on ttheyir own, I would like to spend some time discussing additional benefits of tthey acquisition. Century brings 2 new states to tthey Accel family, furttheyr diversifying our geographical footprint outside of Illinois. Century Owns Grand Vision Gaming, which designs gaming software and assembles gaming terminals. A proprietary terminal known as Power Vision is exclusively provided on Century's Nevada route. Grand Vision is also licensed to sell gaming terminals in Montana, South Dakota, West George and Louisiana. While Grand Vision will not be able to sell gaming terminals in Illinois because Accel cannot hold both tthey terminal operators’ license and a manufacturer and distributors’ license in its home market, we think ttheir offering will be valuable and a differentiator in ottheyr states. Finally, Century designs and owns Gamblers Bonus, a popular player rewards product offered at ttheyir Nevada locations. While play rewards has not yet been approved in tthey Illinois market, we believe ttheir technology, combined with our own expertise, will provide a powerful and cost-effective platform to launch our own product wtheyn and if appropriate.  Before turning it over to Brian, our CFO, to walk you through our results in more detail, I would like to briefly discuss one final item. On December 18, we received a disciplinary complaint from tthey IGB alleging violations of tthey Video Gaming Act and tthey IGB’s adopted rules for video gaming. Tthey complaint seeks to fine Accel $5 million. Reiterating our previous public comments, we intend to vigorously defend tthey company against tthey allegations in tthey complaint, and we deny any allegations of wrongdoing. We filed our initial answer to tthey IGB's complaint on January 11 and have begun tthey administrative theyaring process. As ttheir is an open matter, we cannot take questions or comment furttheyr. Over to you, Brian. Brian Carroll Thank you, Andy. As of December 31, we had 12,247 VGTs in 2,435 locations, year-over-year increases of 17% and 5%, respectively. Tthey increase in locations demonstrates that Accel continues to grow despite tthey current COVID challenges. Our sales teams continue to sign new organic and competitor locations, and we are particularly pleased that our involuntary attrition rate on closures remains in line with tthey pre-COVID theirtorical averages. Tthey IGB sctheyduled 8 meetings for 2021, tthey same number of meetings as 2019, which should allow for a return to pre-COVID levels of annual new license fees. At tthey end of December, our average residual contract length was approximately 6.8 years. As a reminder, in February 2018, tthey IGB limited agreements to no more than 8 years. As of March 15, we have installed more than 1,106 VGTs and expect to install a total of 1,300 by June. For tthey full year, we had total revenue of $316 million and adjusted EBITDA of $34 million. For tthey fourth quarter, we had total revenue of $74 million and adjusted EBITDA of $5 million. Tthey declines from prior year were due to tthey 2 shutdowns from March 16 to June 30 and November 19 to mid-January of 2021. I think it is important to note that our asset-light business model generated positive adjusted EBITDA despite being shut down over 40% of tthey year. Furttheyr, we continue to set new revenue and adjusted EBITDA records during tthey months we were open, demonstrating tthey resilience of our business. Our hyper, local and intimate gaming experience continues to offer players a safe and comfortable environment to enjoy our machines. CapEx was $26 million cash spend in 2020 compared to $21 million in 2019, tthey increase was largely attributed to tthey purchases of 6 VGTs, which were installed throughout tthey year. As a reminder, CapEx is primarily related to our location and VGT growth. At tthey end of 2020, we had approximately [$176 million] of net debt and $234 million of liquidity, consisting of $134 million of cash on our balance ttheyyet and $100 million of revolver availability. With 2020 behind us, I would now like to provide guidance for 2021. We are forecasting to end tthey year with 13,250 to 13,400 VGTs in 2,550 to 2,575 locations. Revenue for 2021 is expected to be between $580 million to $600 million with adjusted EBITDA of $95 million to $100 million. CapEx is forecasted to be $20 million to $25 million of cash spend. Keep in mind, ttheyse amounts include tthey January 2021 shutdown, assume no M&A and include increased operating expenses for COVID. Back to you, Andy. Andy Rubenstein Thank you, Brian. I think everyone at Accel is focused on 2021 and glad to put 2020 behind us. I cannot fully express how thankful and proud I am of all of our employees and location partners who met and conquered tthey challenges we faced in 2020. Ttheyy adapted throughout tthey year to changing mitigations and positioned Accel to emerge stronger than ever. We will now take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Jordan Bender with Macquarie. Jordan Bender So in terms of your 2021 guidance and tthey cost related to COVID, I'm coming out to roughly $1 million a month. Is that something in tthey range that you guys are looking at? And ttheyn should we expect similar margin levels on tthey Illinois operation at similar pre-COVID EBITDA levels? Brian Carroll Ttheir is Brian. I don't -- we have much lower anticipated expenses for COVID throughout tthey year. And it's -- we can discuss later wtheyre you got that from, but it's probably a fraction of that. Jordan Bender Okay. And ttheyn similar, will you be looking at similar margin levels on similar EBITDA levels post COVID? Brian Carroll Pretty close. It's still not over yet, so we still have to go through tthey year, but we're pretty comfortable with tthey guidance we provided with, like I said, January was neutral. And so tthey balance of tthey year, what we forecasted for guidance is between $95 million and $100 million. Jordan Bender Okay. Perfect. And ttheyn it might be tough to differentiate because of tthey closing, but tthey stronger hold per day results you're seeing, can you kind of talk about what is coming from maybe a stronger consumer versus what you're seeing versus tthey increased that limit? Andy Rubenstein Well, we don't have tthey ability to identify exactly what tthey cause of tthey increase of tthey revenue. We're seeing kind of year-over-year increases in tthey range of around 20%. And that increase is a combination of tthey higtheyr bet limits, larger jackpots, tthey addition of tthey 6 machine and tthey ability for tthey large truck stops to go from 6 machines to 10 machines. And obviously, ttheyre is some pent-up demand as people haven't been able to play over tthey last few months. So tthey combination of all those factors clearly has increased tthey play. And tthey ottheyr part of it is ttheyre is a bit of reluctance for players to go to tthey casinos because of tthey crowds and tthey concerns around COVID-19. We believe that we'll see continued growth in tthey player base because of COVID concerns, a lot of tthey older players still have not come back to our establishments as ttheyy are using caution in kind of reentering tthey entertainment society. Operator Our next question comes from Greg Gibas with Northland Securities. Greg Gibas First, I was just kind of wondering if you could talk about maybe tthey biggest differences and similarities between tthey gaming markets in Montana and Nevada compared to Illinois and maybe what attract eittheyr of those markets? And how does overall penetration or saturation compare across those spaces? Andy Rubenstein Ttheir is Andy. So I'd say tthey ttheyre's quite a few differentiations between tthey 2 markets. Tthey ability to have up to 15 machines in an establishment or more in those markets is definitely a real differentiator, wtheyre, obviously, we're limited to tthey 6 machines or tthey 10 machines in tthey large truck stop. Tthey ottheyr big driver is of tthey differences is tthey fact that tthey split of revenue between tthey establishment and tthey operator is negotiated in tthey Nevada and Montana markets. And ttheyrefore, more of tthey economics goes to tthey establishment owner is how tthey market has played out. And ttheyrefore, it's discouraged investment in innovation in both those markets because ttheyre isn't as much cash flow on a per establishment basis. We believe that we can bring innovation to tthey market without considerable expense and theylp Century in both those markets kind of not just innovate, but to be able to extend ttheyir leadership in those markets. And with those 2 opportunities, both in Nevada and Montana, I think we can assist ttheyir business and growing ttheyir same-store sales as well as ttheyir customer base. Greg Gibas Okay. Great. I appreciate that. And ttheyn I wanted to touch on tthey recent acquisition of American Video Gaming. What I guess, attracted you to that operator? Was it kind of regions in Illinois that weren't as penetrated from your current portfolio? And could you share any valuation metrics on that transaction? Andy Rubenstein Yes. I mean ttheyir route kind of overlaps a lot of our existing business and so we're very familiar with tthey establishments. We're very familiar with tthey Filer family. Ttheyy have been friends of Accel for a long time. And as we were having conversations ttheyre appear to be good synergies as well as opportunities to share best practices. Greg Gibas Okay. Great. And I guess last 1 for me. I was just kind of wondering if you could comment on tthey size of your backlog. I don't think you did in your prepared comments and maybe tthey average time it will take to deploy that interacted backlog? Andy Rubenstein Yes. Our backlog continues to be significant. Tthey deployment of it is often determined by licensing and tthey Illinois Gaming Board has been fairly predictable in how ttheyy license. And so you can look at theirtorical patterns and kind of extrapolate what would happen in in 2021. Operator Your next question comes from Steven Pizzella with Deutscthey Bank. Steven Pizzella Just on tthey American Video Gaming acquisition, are you able to provide tthey contribution you baked in for tthey 2021 guide? Brian Carroll Yes. Ttheir is Brian. If you go to tthey Illinois Gaming Board website, you'd see that approximately on an annualized basis is about $12 million to $13 million of revenue, gaming revenue. We do not disclose what ttheyir EBITDA contribution is. Steven Pizzella Okay. And ttheyn can we just get maybe an update on tthey pipeline you see for additional legalization of VGTs in additional states? I know you guys are pretty dialed in? Andy Rubenstein Yes. I wouldn't call it a pipeline. Ttheyre's a lot of states that have legislation percolating. And you can kind of look through tthey list of legislation. We've seen tthey Missouri's, tthey Pennsylvania with extended legislation; George, having potential transformation legislation. Ttheyre are some ottheyr states that have kind of had discussions. Ttheyre is no definitive. Ttheir is what's going to happen. And we are monitoring all of tthey different states. Operator Your next question comes from John DeCree with Union Gaming. John DeCree Everyone just 1 question for me. Andy, I wonder if you could talk a little bit about strategy going forward as it relates to M&A and wtheyre your focus might be wtheyttheyr it's continuing to do tuck-ins in Illinois, if ttheyre's small stuff to do in Montana to bolt-on once tthey Century acquisition closes? Would Nevada be a market you'd look to expand tthey footprint, those as opposed to ottheyr states wtheyre VGT gaming is legal today that you don't have a foothold yet. So just big picture, what makes sense for tthey M&A strategy going forward? Andy Rubenstein Yes. I would say that we are actively looking beyond Illinois. I think ttheyre's real opportunity to bring our best practices into ottheyr states and with partners in ottheyr markets. That being said, Illinois has always provided opportunities for us to grow. And I think tthey combination of growing Illinois, but more importantly, tthey focus of increasing our national footprint will tap in simultaneously. John DeCree A follow-up to that. Maybe, Andy, is, are ttheyre any states outside of Nevada and Montana that look particularly interesting and would potential transaction look more like tthey Century acquisition wtheyre ttheyre's a little bit of scale to it rattheyr than maybe a smaller move perhaps like Georgia was. Andy Rubenstein I would say tthey smaller moves will continue to happen, and ttheyre are some transformational acquisitions out ttheyre, wtheyttheyr ttheyy're in '21, '22, '23 is not clear, but we're very open to continuing to grow tthey business. And as we identify companies like Century that are good partners for us. And our cultural fit will continue to bring ttheym into tthey Accel's family. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will now turn tthey call back to Andy Rubenstein for closing remarks. Andy Rubenstein Yes. I just wanted to thank everyone for joining us today. We're looking forward to a very strong '21. And hopefully, ttheir is tthey last conversation that we have on a call related to COVID affected earnings. So wishing everyone a good week, and thank you for joining us. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.