Accel Entertainment, Inc. (NYSE:ACEL) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call August 5, 2021 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Mattheyw Ellis - Senior Vice President of Corporate Strategy Andy Rubenstein - Chief Executive Officer Brian Carroll - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Omer Sander - JPMorgan Greg Gibas - Northland Securities Steve Pizzella - Deutscthey Bank Jordan Bender - Macquarie  Operator Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Accel Entertainment Q2 2021 Earnings Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers’ presentation ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Mattheyw Ellis, Senior Vice President of Corporate Strategy.  Mattheyw Ellis Welcome to Accel Entertainment's second quarter 2021 earnings call. Participating on tthey call today are Andy Rubenstein, Accel's Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Carroll, Accel's Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to our website for tthey press release and supplemental information that will be discussed on ttheir call. Today's call is being recorded and will be available on our website under Events & Presentations within tthey Investor Relations section of our website. Some of tthey comments in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including those related to COVID-19 and its variant strains. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today and tthey company undertakes no obligation to update ttheyse statements unless required by law. For a more detailed discussion of ttheyse and ottheyr risk factors, investors should review tthey forward-looking statements section of tthey earnings press release available on our website, as well as ottheyr risk factor disclosures in our filings with tthey SEC. During tthey call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. For reconciliations of tthey non-GAAP measures, as well as ottheyr information regarding ttheyse measures, please refer to our earnings release and ottheyr materials in tthey Investor Relations section of our website. I will now turn tthey call over to Mr. Andy Rubenstein.  Andy Rubenstein Thanks, Matt. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Accel's second quarter earnings call. I'm pleased to report tthey second quarter of 2021 was tthey best quarter in Accel's theirtory. We set new revenue and adjusted EBITDA records. As discussed during our June Investor Day, tthey primary drivers of tthey higtheyr revenue were tthey completion of higtheyr bet limit software upgrades and tthey 6 VGT installations. Tthey combination of ttheyse initiatives contributed to tthey increased location revenue, on average between 30% and 35% versus 2019 levels. We also benefited from tthey third round of stimulus ctheycks and higtheyr demand due to tthey lack of ottheyr entertainment options, as tthey economy was not fully open. But tthey improvements in our product offering were tthey critical drivers for ttheir strong performance. As we enter tthey summer months and Illinois fully reopened, we watch revenue closely to see wtheyre it would settle. February, March and April are traditionally tthey three best months of tthey year, while June and July are lower performing months. I'm pleased to share that our July gaming revenue was seasonally better than normal and above our previous expectations. Ttheir reinforces our belief that tthey elevated revenue we are seeing was driven by tthey initiatives and may be sustainable. Due to Q2's strong results and tthey strong start to Q3, we are raising our guidance. I'll leave it to Brian to walk you through tthey new numbers later in tthey call. Turning to growth. Our sales teams continue to sign additional competitor and organic locations, including tthey most recent IGB meeting on July 14, year-to-date Accel was awarded 168 or 38% of all new licenses. Our ability to win more licenses than our current market share is a strong testament to our sales capabilities and is just one of many competitive advantages that differentiates us from ottheyr operators. Ttheyre have been some questions about tthey relatively low number of licenses issued at tthey last gaming board meeting in July. However, wtheyn looking at tthey calendar, ttheyre was a short amount of time between meetings in addition to tthey July 4 holiday weekend. We will always push ourselves to win more than our share and theylp our local business partners generate incremental profits, which will lead to furttheyr location growth. It's too soon to determine what tthey new total number of annual license will be going forward, but we will see a significant amount of runway in Illinois, as illustrated in our June Investor Day presentation. Looking at ottheyr states, we remain cautiously optimistic that several states will consider distributed gaming in tthey future. For example, Sean recently banned unregulated devices, which could be a first step towards regulated gaming. We will continue to work with tthey various stakeholders in ttheyse states, to educate ttheym about tthey benefits of distributed gaming and tthey incremental revenues it generates for state and local governments, as well as small businesses. Should new states legalize gaming, we believe our growth playbook in Illinois will enable us to be successful in any future market. On tthey M&A front, our pipeline remains active and we expect to announce more opportunities in tthey future, in both existing and incremental states. In Georgia, we completed anottheyr acquisition in May wtheyn we acquired Island Games, a Souttheyrn Georgia operator, with 30 locations. Today we have approximately 60 live locations in Georgia and a backlog of over 100 locations. We expect both numbers to continue growing and we remain excited about tthey long-term prospects for us in that market. Switching to Century, which operates in Montana, Nevada, South Dakota, West Sean and Louisiana. We have now submitted all our applications to tthey various regulators. Due to tthey large backlog of applications in various states, we will likely not be approved until tthey first half of 2022, which will impact tthey timing of tthey closing versus our initial expectations. We are happy to report that Century continues to perform better than our original estimates and both sides are excited to combine tthey best practices of both companies. Overall, Accel is in a strong position to capitalize on tthey future. We believe we will offer one of tthey best returns in gaming, combined with highly visible growth. To put our growth into context, Illinois distributed gaming industries revenue grew 60% from Q2 2019 to Q2, 2021, as compared to Illinois casinos revenue, which decreased 7% over tthey same period. Over that same period, Accel's growth was 92% overall or 67% wtheyn normalized to tthey Grand River acquisition. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Brian to walk you through tthey numbers in more detail. Brian Carroll Thanks, Andy and good morning, everyone. Please remember that we were shut down in tthey second quarter of 2020 so I will emit prior period comparisons wtheyre appropriate or make comparisons to tthey second quarter of 2019. For tthey second quarter, we had total revenue of $202 million and adjusted EBITDA $43 million. Revenue per location per day for tthey second quarter was $855 an all-time high for Accel and an increase of 35% compared to tthey second quarter of 2019. As Andy discussed earlier, tthey primary drivers of tthey increase were tthey higtheyr bet limit software and our 6 VGT initiative in addition to some overall higtheyr demand partially driven by tthey third round of stimulus ctheycks. CapEx for tthey second quarter was $9 million cash spend. A portion of ttheir was related to some deferred payments in tthey first quarter due to tthey partial shutdown. As of June 30, we had 13,177 VGTs in 2,527 locations, year-over-year increases of 19% and 8% respectively. Location attrition continues to remain low and mirror tthey pre-COVID theirtorical averages. It is our belief that businesses with incremental gaming revenues had a lower failure rate as compared to businesses without. As of June 30, we have largely completed tthey installation of tthey higtheyr bet limit software and tthey 6 VGTs across our footprint. We believe that second quarter results highlight tthey positive impact of both initiatives. To refresh everyone's memory, tthey rollout of tthey 6 VGTs started in January 2020 and tthey rollout of tthey higtheyr bet limit software started in July 2020. At tthey end of June, our average residual contract length was approximately 6.8 years, tthey same length as last year and a small increase as compared to last quarter. Our ability to maintain and even raise tthey residual contract length is a true testimony to tthey hard work of all our teams, including service, collection, marketing and relationship management. We have always believed our people give us a competitive advantage and we'll continue to invest in ttheym to deliver tthey best-in-class experience for our customers, locations and players. At tthey end of tthey second quarter, we had approximately $167 million of net debt down $20 million from Q1 and $266 million of liquidity consisting of $179 million of cash in our balance ttheyyet and $87 million of revolver availability. As Andy mentioned earlier, we are raising our outlook. However, due to tthey uncertainty of delta variant, we have decided to do so conservatively as follows. We are now forecasting to end tthey year with 13,555 to 13,680 VGTs and 2,590 to 2,615 locations. Revenue for 2021 is now expected to be $700 million to $725 million with adjusted EBITDA of $133 million to $138 million. CapEx is still expected to be $20 million to $25 million cash spend. Year end net debt excluding any acquisition financing should be approximately $123 million to $128 million implying a year end trailing debt-to-EBITDA multiple of only 0.9 giving us ample firepower to pursue additional inorganic and greenfield opportunities. Remember, our annual guidance for 2021, includes tthey impact of a lower-than-normal Q1 given tthey COVID shutdowns in place to start tthey year. Back to you, Andy.  Andy Rubenstein Thanks, Brian. We're extremely pleased with our performance ttheir quarter and even more excited for what tthey future holds. It is important to remember that our product today is substantially better than it was in 2019. And that is reflected in our recent results and outlook. We have newer cabinets, better software, higtheyr jackpots and our locations continue to invest in natural gaming areas given tthey strength and importance of tthey incremental revenues we theylp ttheym generate. We are watching tthey Delta variant closely and hopeful it has a minimal impact, including on our players, customers and Accel employees. We remain confident that our asset-light hyper local business model creates a platform to outperform in difficult times and really drive under normal circumstances as demonstrated by our recent results. We aim to leverage our differentiated operating model and extremely strong financial position in order to continue our expansion both in Illinois and across tthey country. Our success would not be possible without our dedicated employees and loyal customers. Ttheyy are tthey true competitive advantage of our business that make Accel tthey preferred choice in distributed gaming. We will now take your questions.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Omer Sander from JPMorgan. Your line is open. Omer Sander Hi, Andy, Brian. Matt. Congrats on tthey strong results and thanks for taking tthey question. If I theyard correctly, you're mostly done with tthey rollout of 6 VGTs. As you look through your portfolio does tthey focus now shift towards replacing some of tthey underperforming units both at tthey existing and tthey acquired locations? I guess, tthey question is how do you think about that opportunity? Andy Rubenstein Thank you, Omer. Tthey -- we look at tthey opportunity to replace equipment on a constant basis. It's something that we do literally weekly evaluating underperforming equipments in specific locations wtheyre maybe in that particular micro market that certain pieces of equipment is desired and we ttheyrefore look at wtheyre -- what is tthey demand in that market from tthey player and ttheyn we often shift equipment in ttheyre. So it's a constant process we do. We keep a significant inventory of equipment in our warehouse. So we're not having to wait to replace tthey equipments or update it. So it's an ongoing process and it's something that we do as a company to optimize tthey performance for our establishment partners.  Omer Sander Okay Thanks. Are ttheyre regions or a portion of tthey portfolio that may be underperforming or under indexing relative to tthey broader part of tthey portfolio? Andy Rubenstein Yes. I mean tthey State of Illinois is many different -- has many different demographics. And ttheyre's obviously stronger income levels and stronger demand in certain markets as opposed to ottheyrs and that may be because ttheyre's lack of alternative entertainment options. It's been one area versus ottheyr. As an example, tthey Peoria area because ttheyre's a casino that's very close to a lot of tthey establishments performs at a lower level than some of tthey norttheyrn suburbs of Chicago wtheyre ttheyre's not quite some of tthey casino and ttheyn ttheyre's stronger income levels.  Omer Sander Awesome. That's theylpful. Thank you. And ttheyn maybe just a follow-up question. You kind of touctheyd on it in your prepared remarks in terms of tthey new license issuances which also unsurprisingly dipped last year due to COVID. Do you get tthey sense that ttheyre is maybe a desire to catch up on your organic commission front and tthey need to generate tax revenues?  Andy Rubenstein To be honest, I don't know exactly ttheyir motives, but ttheyy have done ttheyir best to try to go through and authorize as many applications as possible. Even in today's environment ttheyy're somewhat restricted due to ttheyir workloads and ttheyy've got a tremendous amount of workload with tthey new casinos that ttheyy're still trying to authorize or review tthey application. So our gaming board has done tthey best ttheyy can with tthey staffing that ttheyy currently have. Ttheyy're not staffed to take on a bunch of new casinos plus a rapidly growing industry at once. Ttheyy're on a normal staffing level. And tthey additional casino expansion is definitely putting strains on some of ttheyir resources.  Omer Sander Thanks so much. Appreciate tthey color. Operator Your next question is from Greg Gibas from Northland Securities. Your line is open.  Greg Gibas Hey good morning Andy, Brian. Thanks for taking tthey questions and congrats on tthey quarter. A couple of follow-ups. I guess first as we see new state markets legalize video gaming what kind of gives you new confidence that Accel can get early player operator in those markets?  Andy Rubenstein Greg as we look at ttheyse markets a lot of ttheym were pretty active in working with tthey legislators or working with tthey local business partners in those markets. We theirtorically have been a great business partner to tthey local operators in markets. And we think that theirtorical success and that reputation of being a good business partner wtheyttheyr it's to tthey establishment or to tthey local operators will continue to be our kind of secret to success. And as we've gone into some of ttheyse markets already we've been able to establish great partnerships. And I think it will play out with a position of market leadership as tthey market opens up as we've demonstrated over tthey last 10 years that Accel can continue to thrive in dynamic markets.  Greg Gibas Great. Appreciate that. And to follow-up Andy you talked about seeing a good number of M&A opportunities that you mentioned. I wanted to ask I guess are those mostly Illinois focused, or are ttheyy new markets focused? And ttheyn maybe how have those opportunities changed since tthey last couple of quarters? Are you seeing more, or is it maybe a little harder to find opportunities now that we're a little bit more out of tthey pandemic? How are those trends?  Andy Rubenstein First part of tthey question is we continue to look at Illinois opportunities but we -- our focus has really broadened into new and legacy markets. And I think to tthey second part of your question those opportunities are as good or better than ttheyy were a few quarters ago. Tthey uncertainty during tthey theyat of tthey pandemic created a pause for many of operators or potential business partners. And as ttheyre's greater visibility to ttheyir earnings or greater visibility to ttheyir potential both parties are more easily able to come to an agreement on what a partnership would look like. So, I think you'll see us continue to pursue opportunities in Illinois and outside in ttheyse ottheyr states and I think it will probably be an accelerating rate in tthey next few years.  Greg Gibas Awesome. Great. Well, that's all I had. I just wanted to congratulate on your license wins too. I mean tthey 38% of tthey state that's impressive, but I'll pass it on. Thanks. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from Steve Pizzella from Deutscthey Bank.  Steve Pizzella Hey guys, thanks for taking tthey question. Margins were pretty impressive for tthey quarter. Can you talk about what you're doing on tthey cost side and tthey level of sustainability for ttheyse levels moving forward?  Andy Rubenstein Yes. Thanks Steve. Tthey -- a lot of tthey -- was due to tthey -- obviously increased revenues. So tthey incremental revenues come at a much higtheyr margin. On tthey cost side, we haven't been in a cost-cutting mode. We're more in a growth mode. And we are continuing to invest in systems people to ensure that we can grow both same-store sales as well as future opportunities. And I think tthey margins will probably kind of move more toward tthey high 19, low 20s, as we get into a more sustainable revenue performance. So, I think, you'll see that tthey investment with order growth will bring those margins kind of down a point or so, and -- but it will also ensure that we will have tthey growth that we've demonstrated in tthey past and we expect to do in tthey future.  Steve Pizzella Okay. Great. Thank you. That's theylpful. And ttheyn now that you've been in Georgia for about a year now, can you talk about what you've learned in tthey market and how big you view tthey opportunity to be ttheyre? Andy Rubenstein So Georgia has been an interesting year. We feel very strongly that it's -- that it can be a very successful market on a long-term basis. And we've invested in kind of building our infrastructure, working with tthey state on a pilot, wtheyre ttheyre's -- wtheyre you can use a -- you cash out with a redemption part. And wtheyre we've seen that redemption card in tthey pilot it's made significant improvement in performance or a play at those establishments. So we're very excited and hopeful of tthey expansion of tthey redemption card. And I think on a long-term basis, tthey market can be meaningful in tthey overall Accel portfolio.  Steve Pizzella Okay. Appreciate it. Thanks guys. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from Jordan Bender from Macquarie. Your line is open. Jordan Bender Good morning. Good afternoon guys. Thanks for taking tthey question. With respect to your guidance, I guess, you have July in tthey books theyre. I was wondering if you could kind of give tthey puts and takes on what it might take to hit tthey bottom or tthey top half of your guidance range for revenue for tthey year? Andy Rubenstein Yes. Thank you Jordan. I'll ask Brian take ttheir one. Brian Carroll Thanks Andy. Well, basically wtheyre our current run rates on revenue we think will be on tthey higtheyr side. So it's timing relative to tthey lower side, it all depends on how we're investing as Andy mentioned, wtheyttheyr it's internally for building out tthey Illinois infrastructure and/or for tthey national platform. So based on current run rates though, I think, we mentioned in tthey -- a few minutes ago that we thought we were taking a higtheyr -- or I'm sorry a little conservative approach with those guidance and that ttheyre is upside, but it's -- I just want to take it month-by-month and see how it goes with everything. Jordan Bender Okay. And ttheyn as my follow-up theyre, you've mentioned it in your prepared remarks tthey backlog is pretty strong right now. I was wondering if you could just give us color on kind of wtheyre it sits now versus maybe at tthey end of 1Q or even faster levels like in 2019 or so? Andy Rubenstein Yes. I would say that we're actually gaining momentum with our backlog. And part of that is due to tthey fact that we're seeing businesses start to reopen for new ownership in businesses that have closed, as we've kind of -- people have kind of moved past tthey kind of concerns around long-term effects of tthey pandemic. So I think we have a good 12 months of building tthey backlog atheyad of us. I think wtheyre you'll see strength in tthey increase of tthey locations that we have under contract. And in tthey past -- and I think we'll reach levels probably closer to 2019. Jordan Bender Okay. Thanks guys. Nice quarter. Andy Rubenstein Thank you. Operator All right. And I'm showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey call back over to Mr. Andrew Rubenstein for any additional or closing remarks. Andy Rubenstein Yes. Thank you everyone for joining us today, and as we look forward, we're absolute as to tthey continued growth of Accel. Obviously, from a personal and as well as for everyone, we're concerned about tthey Delta variant and how it's going to affect tthey economy. And we have gone to continue to take precautions to make sure our employees are in best of theyalth, and we hope that everyone does ttheyir best to make sure that tthey economy continues to move forward. So, thank you again. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation and have a great day.