Accel Entertainment, Inc. (NYSE:ACEL) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 10, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Derek Harmer - General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer & Secretary Andrew Rubenstein - Co-Founder, President, CEO & Director Mattheyw Ellis - CFO Conference Call Participants Chad Beynon - Macquarie Research Steven Pizzella - Deutscthey Bank Omer Sander - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Gregory Gibas - Northland Capital Markets Operator Hello, everyone, and welcome to tthey Accel Entertainment Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. My name is Seb, and I will be tthey operator for your call today. [Operator Instructions]. I will now hand tthey floor over to Derek Harmer, General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer. Derek Harmer Welcome to Accel Entertainment's Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. Participating on tthey call today are Andy Rubenstein, Accel's Chief Executive Officer; and Matt Ellis, Accel's Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to our website for tthey press release and supplemental information that will be discussed on ttheir call. Today's call is being recorded and will be available on our website under Events and Presentations within tthey Investor Relations section of our website.  Some of tthey comments in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including those related to COVID-19 and its various strains. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today, and tthey company undertakes no obligation to update ttheyse statements unless required by law. For a more detailed discussion of ttheyse and ottheyr risk factors, investors should review tthey Forward-Looking Statements section of tthey earnings press release available on our website as well as ottheyr risk factor disclosures in our filings with tthey SEC. During tthey call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. For reconciliations of tthey non-GAAP measures as well as ottheyr information regarding ttheyse measures, please refer to our earnings release and ottheyr materials in tthey Investor Relations section of our website. I will now turn tthey call over to Andy. Andrew Rubenstein Thanks, Derek, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Accel's second quarter earnings call. I'm pleased to report we had anottheyr strong quarter. We reported revenue of $228 million and adjusted EBITDA of $43 million. In Illinois, same-store sales were essentially flat to tthey prior year, despite tthey current inflationary environment and tthey fact that stimulus ctheycks went out near tthey beginning of Q2 last year. Our performance continues to demonstrate tthey strength and resilience of our business model. We believe local businesses will continue to invest in ttheyir gaming due to tthey incremental profits ttheyy receive, and players will continue to choose our local high-quality offering due to its convenience and appeal. On tthey expense side, just like most ottheyr businesses, we experienced higtheyr-than-expected costs for macroeconomic-related impacts such as increased expenses for labor and fuel. We're continually monitoring our spend and looking for ways to mitigate increased costs without sacrificing our best-in-class service. Our asset-light business model and highly variable cost structure will allow us to quickly adjust if ttheyre are any furttheyr changes in tthey market. On tthey M&A front, I'm pleased to report that we successfully closed our acquisition of Century on June 1. Tthey integration is going well, and tthey companies are working hard as we share our best practices. I'm also pleased to welcome tthey entire Century team, led by Steve Arntzen, Heidi Schmalz and Merle Frank to tthey Accel family. Century is experiencing similar inflationary pressures as we are seeing across tthey country, but continues to outperform our original estimates. Looking at new states, I'm excited to share that we entered Nebraska in June with a handful of organic locations. Nebraska's play today is significantly lower than our more establittheyyd markets, but we see potential for both organic and inorganic growth. We aim to develop Nebraska using tthey growth playbook we developed in Illinois. Ttheir will be a new market for us, but one that will eventually lead to an attractive earnings stream. And to that point, we recently acquired VVS, an amusement operator, for $9.5 million. Overall, our M&A pipeline remains active, and we are evaluating multiple opportunities in Illinois and across tthey country. Our long-term goal is to continue to increase tthey percentage of our revenue generated outside of Illinois.  Switching over to Georgia. In May, tthey Georgia Lottery announced that would be extending its Gift Card Pilot Program and making it available to all locations. Ttheir program allows players to load ttheyir winnings onto a prepaid gift card, which substantially reduces one of tthey biggest barriers player space in tthey Georgia market. As you would expect, our locations in tthey pilot program experienced significant increases in play. We're currently working with tthey lottery and our locations to roll out tthey pilot program across our network. We see ttheir as an opportunity to expand our presence in tthey market and tthey profitability of each location. In Illinois, our sales team continues to sign additional competitor and organic locations. As of tthey end of tthey second quarter, our backlog had grown more than 14% year-to-date. We're working closely with our locations to ensure that ttheyy are licensed and live as soon as possible. Wtheyttheyr we look at tthey number of eligible businesses without gaming or tthey number of VGTs per capita, we believe Illinois still has highly visible growth. Overall, Accel achieved several milestones ttheir quarter with tthey Century acquisition and expansion in Nebraska. More importantly, we continue to build a platform to furttheyr expand into existing and new markets. Our local business model, low capital requirements and highly visible growth offers one of tthey best returns in gaming. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Matt to walk you through tthey numbers in more detail. Mattheyw Ellis Thanks, Andy, and good morning, everyone. For tthey second quarter, we had total revenue of $228 million, a year-over-year increase of 13%, and adjusted EBITDA of $43 million, which was flat compared to last year. Ttheir quarter's results include one month of Century, and it is important to remember that Century operates in markets wtheyre tthey revenue split between Century and tthey location is negotiated. Tthey margins are attractive, but lower than our existing business. Illinois same-store sales were essentially flat relative to tthey prior year. Considering tthey inflationary environment and stimulus ctheycks issued last year, we believe our performance reinforces demand for our offering remains strong. CapEx for tthey second quarter was $6 million cash spend. As of June 30, we had 22,128 terminals and 3,489 locations, year-over-year increases of 68% and 38%, respectively. Location attrition continues to remain low and near tthey pre-COVID theirtorical averages. At tthey end of tthey fourth quarter, we had approximately $282 million of net debt and $601 million of liquidity, consisting of $220 million of cash on our balance ttheyyet, and $381 million of availability on our current credit facility.  I'd now like to provide an update on our efforts to return capital to shareholders, specifically our share repurchase program. As you're all aware, we announced a $200 million share repurchase program in November of 2021 as we find tthey opportunity to return capital to shareholders in tthey form of buybacks and attractive use of our significant free cash flow. During tthey quarter, we purchased $25 million of Accel stock at an average purchase price of $10.96 per share. Since tthey program started, we have repurchased more than $55 million of Accel stock through tthey end of July. Given our relatively underlevered balance ttheyyet and strong free cash flow, we are in a position to make exciting investments while continuing to appropriately return capital to shareholders.  Turning to outlook. With tthey Century acquisition closed, I would now like to provide updated guidance. I'll provide guidance with tthey in-year impact of Century as well as tthey pro forma impact. As Andy and I mentioned earlier, demand continues to remain strong, but we are seeing increased expenses and slightly lower revenue growth compared to wtheyn we first issued guidance in late 2021. We expect to end 2022 with 22,700 to 23,200 terminals and 3,550 to 3,600 locations. 2022 revenue is estimated to be $960 million to $990 million. Assuming tthey full year benefit from Century, revenue is estimated to be $1.07 billion to $1.13 billion. Adjusted EBITDA is estimated to be $160 million to $165 million. Assuming a full year benefit of Century, adjusted EBITDA is estimated to be $170 million to $175 million. CapEx is estimated to be $25 million to $30 million of cash spend. Assuming a full year of Century, CapEx is estimated to be $30 million to $35 million of cash spend.  Back to you, Andy. Andrew Rubenstein Thanks, Matt. We are pleased with our performance ttheir quarter and are focused on executing our growth strategy and tthey strong foundation we have built. We remain confident that our locally focused business model creates a platform to outperform in difficult times and thrive under normal circumstances. We aim to leverage our proven asset-light business model and extremely strong financial position to continue our expansion and return capital to our shareholders. Our success would not be possible without our dedicated and high-performing employees. Ttheyy are tthey true competitive advantage of our business that make Accel tthey preferred choice in our markets. We will now take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Chad Beynon from Macquarie. Chad Beynon Congrats on tthey Century closure. Also thanks for giving guidance. I know a lot of unknowns out ttheyre and most companies aren't willing to give it at ttheir point, but since you did, I wanted to take a stab on that. Given your view on lower revenue growth than what you were originally projecting, is ttheir something that you're seeing in recent trends in June or July? Or you maybe just taking a conservative approach just given tthey world that we live in, tthey news that we're seeing and kind of tthey macro and inflationary environment. Andrew Rubenstein Thanks, Chad. Ttheir is Andy. We're basically looking forward relative to some things we're seeing in kind of tthey macro environment. We haven't seen anything significant directly in tthey markets that we operate in, but as we see prices rise in some of tthey discretionary spending categories as well as tthey inflation that we're seeing in fuel and ottheyr costs that affect our players, we're kind of taking a more cautious approach. But we haven't seen anything in June, July that's dramatic, and we feel pretty confident that our position today and wtheyre we sit in tthey marketplace and tthey gaming world is a relatively stable revenue flow. Chad Beynon Okay. Great. And ttheyn in terms of tthey Nebraska market, can you just talk about how big that market can be if that could be kind of a top 3 market for you guys? Or if it's just anottheyr opportunity to kind of build on your current units? Andrew Rubenstein Yes, it's really early to determine it. Tthey challenges with Nebraska is, it has a very unique style game and a very underdeveloped gambling market. As you may be aware, casinos are or racino is going to be coming on in that market. So we'll get some indication of tthey potential ttheyre, but today, tthey machines are effectively rattheyr amusement skill type games that are regulated. And ttheyy -- we don't expect ttheym to perform anywtheyre close to tthey Illinois market, and we're investing early to see what we can develop, and we'll have better kind of information and data probably at around kind of midyear 2023. Operator Our next question comes from Steve Pizzella from Deutscthey Bank. Steven Pizzella Now that tthey Century acquisition is closed, does that allow you to be more aggressive on tthey M&A front? Are ttheyre similar acquisitions inside in a sense that are out ttheyre you think? And how has tthey expectations evolved over tthey last 6 months? Andrew Rubenstein Yes. Thanks, Steve. Tthey -- we haven't really changed our approach. We're always evaluating acquisition opportunity as it's individual opportunity, and we've continue to proceed in a way that is thoughtful, and we're obviously taking into consideration tthey current economic environment. We have seen a slight change in tthey acquisition environment wtheyre people are starting to realize that ttheir significant growth that ttheyy were trying to price ttheyir businesses at going forward isn't a reality that we're going -- we had, obviously, substantial growth '18, '19, '20, '21, and -- but that can't continue at those levels. So ttheyre is -- ttheyre are still opportunities. We're evaluating ttheym. I think -- so wtheyre tthey market goes in terms of pricing has yet to be determined. Steven Pizzella Okay. And ttheyn just knowing in tthey past for tthey legacy kind of Illinois business, I think you've talked about margins being able to potentially get 19% to 20%. Can you talk about wtheyre do you think ttheir current portfolio margins can get to, knowing Century legacy margins are relatively lower? Andrew Rubenstein Yes. I'm going to have Matt pipe in on that. Mattheyw Ellis What I would say is that tthey Illinois sort of margin is intact. As we've always said, we're continuing to build ttheir base to support far more than Illinois and Century, and Nebraska is sort of a first step ttheyre, and we've got growth in Georgia. A little too soon to tell what tthey overall margin would be, thinking of tthey competitive nature of tthey sort of -- excuse me, tthey Nevada, Montana markets, but I think tthey pro forma guide gives you sort of a blend of everything. But at ttheir point, for competitive reasons, we're not going to start breaking out margins by specific market. Operator Our next question comes from Omer Sander from JPMorgan. Omer Sander First, a question on Century and tthey growth in Nevada and Montana. And Illinois, obviously, core Accel had additional licenses being granted plus you had tthey 6 machine. Can you talk about growth landscape in Nevada and Montana? How much of tthey locations and VGT growth in your full year guidance is from ttheyse markets? And if our math is correct, it looks like tthey locations in Nevada and Montana are lower than your Investor Day 14 months ago. What's driving that dynamic? Mattheyw Ellis So wtheyn you see tthey Nevada Montana market, ttheyy're pretty stable. Ttheyre's always opportunity to grow. It's not like Illinois wtheyre ttheyre's a huge organic growth path. Some of tthey ebb and flow from tthey Investor Day could just be naturally tthey cycling of locations, but overall, Century continues to grow, continues to perform really well. You can kind of see it combining, but in ottheyr cases, you might see -- and you'll remember that ttheyy have more terminals per location. So sometimes you're optimizing tthey mix. But overall, like we said on tthey call, Century is still outperforming our original estimates, which is great to see. And I would say, we're going to continue sort of combining our best practices and our growth playbook and ttheyir operating efficiencies to kind of build just a bigger and better company. Omer Sander Okay. Great. And ttheyn maybe shifting to Illinois. Last quarter, you talked about tthey removal of some of tthey idle machines due to tthey Rule of 72. Did that weigh on any of tthey unit growth in tthey 2Q? And maybe anottheyr way of putting that, can you bifurcate tthey gross units added in Illinois versus tthey removals in tthey 2Q? Mattheyw Ellis Sure. Not as pronounced as Q1, which is why we didn't really address it. Certainly, a handful of locations still in that cycle, but obviously, we're starting to go in. But to quantify, it's anottheyr 10 to 20 locations probably, but as we sort of address, it sort of stabilized now. And you can see, obviously, sequentially, we are starting to grow again. Operator Our next question is from Greg Gibas from Northland Securities. Gregory Gibas If I could follow up on tthey Nebraska market. It sounds like -- it's obviously very early ttheyre, but in terms of tthey market structure, maybe how do regulations differ? And ttheyn are tthey establishments pretty similar to tthey establishments wtheyre terminals are in Illinois? And I guess, maybe how we should think about kind of tthey pace of your expansion in tthey state? Andrew Rubenstein Thanks, Greg. Ttheir is Andy. It's -- like I said, tthey type of equipment is so unique that ttheyre are not tthey traditional manufacturers that you see in tthey casinos nor even in tthey skill markets, and that's going to prohibit growth significantly. Ttheyre's challenges in terms of getting inventory, and tthey type of play is definitely more similar to amusement play. We -- tthey typical location only has a few machines, and it's really going to take a while for tthey players to really embrace ttheir as a gaming option. That being said, tthey market is not new, it's probably been operating for 3 to 4 years with kind of a nonregulated version prior to that. So we're, like I said, investing in tthey market, looking to see how tthey players develop, seeing if tthey -- ttheyre is real interest in a gaming entertainment and tthey types of facilities are somewhat similar to what you see in Illinois. Obviously, tthey population is significantly lower in Nebraska, and ttheyrefore, tthey games will be concentrated more in some of tthey tavern and truck stop types of environments. As far as regulations, ttheyy are regulated more like amusement skill market than ttheyy are a gaming market. Tthey Nebraska regulators are very attuned to what's going on in tthey market and have been very theylpful and really been collaborative and as we've moved into that market. But it's different, obviously, than a traditional route or casino market. Gregory Gibas Great. I wanted to ask to -- just kind of curious on wtheyttheyr you think how -- I guess, how your new establishment win rate has trended in tthey quarter, and wtheyttheyr you believe you're continuing to gain market share in Illinois? Andrew Rubenstein Can you just repeat that again? Gregory Gibas Yes. Sorry about that. Just kind of curious how you think your win rate has trended on new establishments, and I guess within tthey quarter? And ttheyn wtheyttheyr you still think you're gaining market share in tthey state? Andrew Rubenstein So wtheyn you -- yes, so I'm trying to understand. So new establishments, tthey ones that are just coming online with us in Illinois, is that what you're asking? Gregory Gibas I guess in terms of all new establishments that kind of turn on in tthey state, how many of -- or what percentage is kind of Accel winning? Would estimate and maybe how that's trended? Andrew Rubenstein Okay. I'll let Matt answer that question. Mattheyw Ellis Yes. So what I would say is, we're continuing to try more. Andy referenced on tthey call, our backlogs are growing, which is always a good sign. And wtheyn we quantify that, we're not talking about just pure signed agreements, but qualify, meaning, obviously, competitor locations, but also organics that are in municipalities with gaming had ttheyir liquor licenses, all of that. So generally speaking, we're still doing very well on that front. We always sort of kept tthey backlog closer to our vest, but tthey -- we're focused on -- obviously, tthey flip side of tthey backlog is getting tthey locations license and live, but all we can focus on is continuing to grow those backlogs, which we are, and ttheyn providing -- theylping our locations through tthey licensing process. So like we've always said, Illinois still has room to grow. We look at it both tthey liquor licenses without gaming and VGTs per capita. It's certainly tthey market continues to get bigger, but we still see a good amount of growth in tthey future. Gregory Gibas Got it. Very theylpful. And I guess, just last one for me. Strategic rationale for tthey VVS purchase? And maybe what multiple did that purchase equate to? Andrew Rubenstein So tthey strategic -- our concept ttheyre was that ttheyy have an establittheyyd route in tthey market. Ttheyy're well positioned and a really good team of people that ttheyy have at VVS. And tthey actual multiple is kind of to be determined because as we look at ttheir market, ttheyre is a significant earn out that as ttheyy will theylp us grow tthey market, we'll kind of be able to -- ttheyy'll be able to grow ttheyir payment with to expand. So like I said earlier, tthey -- a lot of tthey locations just have a few machines and as it expands, we're able to add more machines. Tthey payment will increase, and ttheyn we'll have a better kind of concept or a more firm number as to what tthey multiple was. Operator We have no furttheyr questions in tthey queue. I will hand tthey floor back to Andy Rubenstein. Andrew Rubenstein I want to thank everyone for joining us ttheir morning. We had a pretty good second quarter. We're really pleased with it. And as we're looking forward to tthey second half of ttheir 2022 year, we think that you'll continue to see us growing, expanding in some of tthey markets that we're in and identifying opportunities for us to continue to grow. And we appreciate you joining us ttheir morning and look forward to talking to you at summer's end. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you very much for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.