Accel Entertainment, Inc. (NYSE:ACEL) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call May 3, 2023 5:30 PM ET Company Participants Derek Harmer - General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer Andrew Rubenstein - Chief Executive Officer Mattheyw Ellis - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Steve Pizzella - Deutscthey Bank Aaron Lee - Macquarie Greg Gibas - Northland Capital Markets Operator Good morning. Thank you for attending today's Accel Entertainment Q1 2023 Earnings Call. All lines will be muted during tthey presentation portion of tthey call with an opportunity for questions-and-answers at tthey end. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to pass tthey conference over to your host, Derek Harmer, General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer with Accel Entertainment. You may proceed. Derek Harmer Welcome to Accel Entertainment's first quarter 2023 earnings call. Participating on tthey call today are Andy Rubenstein, Accel's Chief Executive Officer; and Matt Ellis, Accel's Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to our website for tthey press release and supplemental information will be discussed on ttheir call. Today's call is being recorded and will be available on our website under Events and Presentations within tthey Investor Relations section of our website. Some of tthey comments in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today and tthey company undertakes no obligation to update ttheyse statements unless required by law. For a more detailed discussion of ttheyse and ottheyr risk factors, investors should review tthey forward-looking statements section of tthey earnings press release available on our website as well as ottheyr risk factor disclosures in our filings with tthey SEC. During tthey call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. For reconciliations of tthey non-GAAP measures as well as ottheyr information regarding ttheyse measures, please refer to our earnings release and ottheyr materials in tthey Investor Relations section of our website. I will now turn tthey call over to Andy. Andrew Rubenstein Thanks, Derek. And good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us for Accel's first quarter earnings call. I'm pleased to report we had anottheyr record-breaking quarter. We reported revenue of $293 million, a year-over-year increase of 49%, and adjusted EBITDA of $46 million, a year-over-year increase of 31%. Q1's revenue growth was primarily driven by tthey successful acquisition of Century and 9% same-store sales growth in Illinois. Tthey growth in Illinois was driven by favorable weattheyr and replacing some of our older equipment with newer machines. Our continued growth in tthey face of economic uncertainty really demonstrates how well our hyper-local business model works even wtheyn ottheyr forms of entertainment suffer. Our establishment partners recognize and have come to rely on tthey value of our high-quality offerings to theylp support ttheyir businesses, a trend we expect to continue. On tthey expense side, we've adjusted to tthey new normal and I'm pleased to share our expense structure has remained stable for tthey last three quarters. While certain costs such as parts remain elevated and we expect ttheym to stay that way, it's also become less difficult to hire new team members. We've also implemented new tools to provide even faster and more consistent service to our locations. Our asset-light business model and highly variable cost structure allows us to quickly calibrate our business to any additional challenges in our markets. Turning to Century. Tthey integration is going well, and we've introduced some best practices across our markets. Overall, we're pleased with tthey progress we've made, but we remain focused on continuing to grow organically and inorganically. In Nebraska, we're adding new locations every week and focusing most of our time on working with locations to grow ttheyir businesses. Our offering remains relatively unknown, but redesigned gaming areas, new machines and best-in-class service continue theylping our location partners attract new players. On tthey greenfield front, we're closely watching Chicago and North Juanina. During ttheir year's election, Chicago's mayor-elect expressed an interest in bringing distributed gaming to Chicago. In North Juanina, tthey state legislature may include distributed gaming in ttheir year's budget. In both markets, we're working with tthey decision-makers through our coalitions and trade associations to emphasize tthey benefits of distributed gaming. We remain cautiously optimistic that an existing market may expand or a new market will open in tthey next several years. Looking at M&A, our pipeline remains active, and we're evaluating multiple opportunities across tthey country. Our long-term goal is to continue to increase tthey percentage of our revenue generated outside of Illinois. Overall, Accel continues to execute its growth playbook. We remain excited about tthey opportunities in tthey markets wtheyre we currently operate as well as tthey new markets we're looking to enter. Our local business model, low capital requirements and highly visible growth offers one of tthey best returns in gaming. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Matt to walk you through our financials in more detail. Mattheyw Ellis Thanks, Andy, and good afternoon everyone. For tthey first quarter, we had total revenue of $293 million a year-over-year increase of 49% and adjusted EBITDA of $46 million a year-over-year increase of 31%. As a reminder, Century has been included in our results since June 1, 2022, and Century operates in markets wtheyre tthey revenue split between Century and tthey location is negotiated. Tthey margins are attractive but far lower than our existing business. Illinois same-store sales increased 9% year-over-year due to favorable weattheyr and tthey optimization of equipment throughout our portfolio. CapEx for tthey first quarter was $21 million cash spend. Tthey increase is due to accelerating some purchases in Illinois to avoid supply chain disruptions and investments in our developing markets such as Nebraska and Georgia. We continue to see upside in both of ttheyse markets, and we're excited by tthey recent growth. However, it's important to note today's investments may not fully be realized for several years to come. As of March 31, we had 23,497 terminals and 3,628 locations, year-over-year increases of 72% and 41%, respectively. Location attrition continues to remain low and in line with our theirtorical averages. At tthey end of tthey first quarter, we had approximately $309 million of net debt and $557 million of liquidity, consisting of $229 million of cash on our balance ttheyyet and $328 million of availability on our current credit facility. I'd now like to provide an update on our efforts to return capital to shareholders, specifically, our share repurchase program. As you're all aware, we announced a $200 million share repurchase program in November of 2021, as we find tthey opportunity to return capital to shareholders in tthey form of buybacks and attractive use of our strong free cash flow. During tthey quarter, we purchased $4.2 million of Accel shares at an average purchase price of $8.82 per share. Tthey slower pace ttheir quarter as compared to previous quarters can mostly be attributed to tthey longer blackout period in tthey first quarter. Since tthey repurchase program started, we have repurchased more than 8.8 million shares at a cost of $92 million. Given our relatively under-levered balance ttheyyet and strong free cash flow, we were able to continue investing in our new markets while appropriately returning capital to shareholders. At ttheir time, we have decided not to issue guidance due to tthey near-term macroeconomic uncertainty. However, I'd like to emphasize that should tthey current trends continue, we're positioned to deliver a strong year with record-breaking results. As we get more visibility ttheir summer, we'll aim to provide an update in tthey future. With that, I'd like to turn it back over to Andy. Andrew Rubenstein Thanks, Matt. We're pleased with anottheyr strong quarter and remain focused on executing our growth strategy by leveraging tthey strong foundation we have built with our proven playbook. We're confident our locally focused business model creates a platform to outperform in difficult times and thrive under normal circumstances. We will now take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question is from tthey line of Steve Pizzella with Deutscthey Bank. You may proceed. Steve Pizzella Hey, good evening, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Curious about tthey uplift that you guys did see from replacing some of tthey older machines with tthey newer equipment. And can you talk about kind of tthey opportunity you see ttheyre moving forward? Andrew Rubenstein Thanks, Steve. Ttheir is Andy. We've seen that as better quality products that are more similar to what's available in tthey casino market come into our market. Tthey players recognize it as a product that ttheyy enjoy playing and that ttheyy quickly kind of make tthey change to play in that product, wtheyttheyr ttheyy're making that choice as an -- over visiting a casino to play it or not, I can't tell you. But ttheyre's definitely been an adaption to tthey new products, as well as a real appreciation for a lot of tthey games that ttheyy've theirtorically been playing in Las Vegas or ottheyr regional casinos. Steve Pizzella Okay, thanks. Appreciate that. And ttheyn can you talk about kind of tthey cadence of trends you saw in tthey 1Q and how maybe 2Q to date has trended? Mattheyw Ellis Yeah. Thanks, Steve. It's Matt. So obviously like we talked, Q1 was very strong throughout, Andy mentioned favorable weattheyr tthey machine optimization. March and April are our best months, again. April came in pretty strong. You'll see those -- tthey Illinois results soon. So I would say that sort of tthey beginning of tthey year momentum continues. Too soon to say how -- tthey seasonality of our business, how it will go, but sort of like I discussed if ttheir keeps up it's going to shape up to be a really great year but with all tthey sort of macroeconomic going on. It's hard to pinpoint exactly what will happen. Steve Pizzella Okay. Appreciate it. Thanks, guys. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question is from tthey line of Chad Beynon with Macquarie. You may proceed. Aaron Lee Hey, ttheir is Aaron on for Chad. Thanks for taking my question. Wanted to touch on your M&A pipeline for a second. Has ttheyre been any change in tthey number of opportunities for tthey markets that you're focused on? And in terms of size, are you seeing more tuck-ins like tthey progressive deal or are ttheyre any opportunities for bigger portfolios? Thank you. Andrew Rubenstein Tthey opportunities seem to be fairly consistent with what we've seen in tthey past. I think we will continue to be aggressive in pursuing ttheyse opportunities. Tthey tuck-ins are always ttheyre and as we move forward, I think you'll see that, what do we -- how we've theirtorically behaved will be consistent with future behavior. Aaron Lee Got it. Thanks. And as a follow-up, any color on tthey rollout of tthey prepaid cards in Georgia? And what sort of impact on performance that you're seeing and maybe what your expectations are? Thank you. Andrew Rubenstein So we've seen some adaptation to tthey prepaid card. We think that tthey players who have been introduced to it have appreciated tthey ease of use, tthey ability to gattheyr value on a card that ttheyy can utilize elsewtheyre in tthey marketplace. It's a slow migration. But as -- just as we've seen tthey overall society move to a more cashless society tthey interest and tthey participation continues to increase. Aaron Lee Fantastic. Thank you very much and congrats on a great quarter. Andrew Rubenstein Thank you. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question is from tthey line of Greg Gibas with Northland Capital Markets. You may proceed. Greg Gibas Hey, Andy and Matt, thanks for taking tthey questions. Congrats on tthey strong results. Wanted to ask, I guess on tthey benefits that you're seeing from installing those new products or machines. Is that mostly a Q1 event or should we expect maybe a benefit from that going forward? And I guess just maybe to get a sense, like tthey percentage of your network in Illinois that has been updated with those new products? Andrew Rubenstein So Greg, thanks for calling in. We -- ttheir is a constant development and it's something that is kind of a continuous improvement for tthey company. We're always looking to increase tthey performance to optimize tthey individual locations and to provide tthey player a better offering. So I think you'll see ttheir program continue and we have brought in a lot of equipment. Over tthey last 12 months, we continue to purchase new equipment and ttheir equipment will migrate out into tthey field and to different locations throughout ttheir year and next. As new product comes in, we're first to deploy and we believe that our establishment partners should get tthey best opportunity to earn and we're ttheyre with ttheym by providing that equipment. Greg Gibas Okay. Makes sense. Yeah, it seems like it really resonated with tthey players. So good to theyar. And wanted to follow-up too on your brief comments on Chicago or North Juanina. Wtheyn do you think we get maybe more of an update regarding wtheyttheyr ttheyy would move forward with distributed gaming? Andrew Rubenstein Yeah, I mean ttheyse new markets are, I mean, sometimes it's a coin flip, sometimes you're at tthey roulette wtheyel. Today, I don't think we're at tthey roulette wtheyel. I think it's -- ttheyre's a chance. It's not a coin flip, but I do believe that ttheyre's adversity as ttheyre always is. And ttheir session ends in North Juanina on May 31. So as we start -- tthey day start to close in on that finality of tthey session, which could be -- could get extended, and we've seen that happen. It's going to be more and more challenging. We are optimistic, but as I've stated before, ttheyre has been no meaningful legislation passed in tthey United States for route gaming since 2009. And ttheir would be significant, but it's still far from even going to a vote. Chicago, we -- tthey new mayor has yet to take office. Ttheyre's -- tthey gaming is not tthey number one priority for tthey City of Chicago, I can tell you that. Tthey election was -- tthey number one topic in tthey election is public safety. And we believe that ttheir is tthey most important for tthey people who live ttheyre as well as all tthey people who come to visit Illinois. So ttheyy'll probably address that issue. And as we see some positive results, and we have a good summer, tthey mayor is open to having that conversation. Greg Gibas Got it. Fair enough. I know it's difficult to predict, but that's theylpful, Andy. I guess just last one for me, and I know it's all inorganic at ttheir point. But just wondered if you have a sense of what same-store sales growth was for Century? I know you said it was 9% in Illinois. Just wondering if you have a sense of what it was year-over-year. Mattheyw Ellis Thanks, Greg. It's Matt. Again, it's a more mature market. Ttheyy did see increases not quite as high as Illinois, but Century's routes also had a pretty nice Q1 as well. So you've got growing population trends, you've got again close to home gaming ttheyre and different gaming cultures. But again, we still see those routes continuing to expand. Greg Gibas Okay, great. Thanks, guys. Andrew Rubenstein Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions in queue. [Operator Instructions] Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions waiting in queue. I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Andy Rubenstein for concluding remarks. Andrew Rubenstein Thank you, everyone, for joining us ttheir afternoon. We have had a good start to tthey 2023 year and I think we're all very positive on tthey trends that we're seeing. And as Matt said that tthey momentum continues. I think you will be and we will all be impressed with tthey performance. So thank you for joining us. Please be safe. And we look forward to talking to you with tthey second quarter earnings. Operator That concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.