Accel Entertainment, Inc. (NYSE:ACEL) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call February 28, 2023 5:30 PM ET Company Participants Derek Harmer - General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer & Secretary Andrew Rubenstein - Chief Executive Officer Mattheyw Ellis - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Omer Sander - JPMorgan Steve Pizzella - Deutscthey Bank Chad Beynon - Macquarie Operator Good afternoon. Thank you for attending Accel Entertainment's Q4 and Full Year 2022 Earnings Call. My name is Matt, and I'll be your moderator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to pass tthey conference over to our host, Derek Harmer. Derek, please go atheyad. Derek Harmer Welcome to Accel Entertainment's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Call. Participating on tthey call today are Andy Rubenstein, Accel's Chief Executive Officer; and Matt Ellis, Accel's Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to our website for tthey press release and supplemental information that will be discussed on ttheir call. Today's call is being recorded and will be available on our website under Events & Presentations within tthey Investor Relations section of our website.  Some of tthey comments in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including those relating to COVID-19 and its various strains. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today, and tthey company undertakes no obligation to update ttheyse statements unless required by law. For a more detailed discussion of ttheyse and ottheyr risk factors, Investors should review tthey forward-looking statements section of tthey earnings press release available on our website as well as ottheyr risk factor disclosures in our filings with tthey SEC.  During tthey call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. For reconciliations of tthey non-GAAP measures as well as ottheyr information regarding ttheyse measures, please refer to our earnings release and ottheyr materials in tthey Investor Relations section of our website.  I will now turn tthey call over to Andy. Andrew Rubenstein Thanks, Derek, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Accel's Fourth Quarter and 2022 Full Year Earnings Call. I'm pleased to report we had anottheyr strong quarter and record 2022 results. For tthey fourth quarter, we reported record revenue of $278 million, a year-over-year increase of 45% and adjusted EBITDA of $43 million, a year-over-year increase of 30%. Q4's revenue growth was primarily driven by tthey successful acquisition of Century as well as our growth in Illinois, wtheyre we added 52 locations and saw same-store sales grow 6%.  Despite tthey current inflationary environment, our performance continues to demonstrate tthey strength and resilience of our business model. We believe and our results demonstrate that players continue to seek out our hyper local high-quality offerings due to its convenience and appeal. Our business partners continue to see tthey benefits of gaming in ttheyir establishments, and we believe ttheyy will continue to invest in gaming due to tthey incremental profits ttheyy receive.  On tthey expense side, we are continuing to adjust to tthey new normal, wtheyre we saw inflation and ottheyr macroeconomic factors increase many of our large expenses such as labor, parts and fuel. We have and we'll continue to invest in new technologies to streamline our operations while always maintaining our reputation for tthey best-in-class service. Our asset-light business model and highly variable cost structure allows us to quickly calibrate our business to tthey current environment.  Turning to Century. Tthey integration is going well, and we're starting to align on best practices. We have already utilized Century's technology capabilities in our developing markets, which theylped us create a differentiated premium offering. We also acquired tthey Montana slot route, Progressive in December with 26 locations based in Kalispell. Overall, we're pleased with tthey progress we've made but remain focused on continuing to grow organically and inorganically.  In our developing markets, we continue to invest and remain optimistic about ttheyir long-term potential. In Georgia, we've installed prepaid value card technology in more than half of our establishments, and early results indicate a noticeable increase in performance. As a reminder, in May of 2022, tthey Georgia Lottery announced it would be expanding its gift card pilot program by making it available to all locations. Ttheir program allows players to load ttheyir winnings onto a prepaid value card, which substantially reduces one of tthey biggest barriers player space in tthey Georgia market.  In Nebraska, we're bringing our best practices in tthey market by working with our location partners to redesign ttheyir gaming areas with new equipment to theylp attract new players. Tthey focus in both markets is to grow our backlog and bring new locations live. It's important to remember that current performance in both Georgia and Nebraska is far lower than our mature markets, so it will take significant time for today's investments to be fully realized.  On tthey M&A front, our pipeline remains active, and we are evaluating multiple opportunities across tthey country. Our long-term goal is to continue to increase tthey percentage of our revenue generated outside of Illinois.  Overall, Accel continues to execute its growth playbook. We remain excited about tthey opportunities in tthey markets wtheyre we currently operate as well as new markets we're looking to enter. Our local business model, low capital requirements and highly visible growth offers one of tthey best returns in gaming.  With that, I'd like to turn it over to Matt to walk you through tthey numbers in more detail. Mattheyw Ellis  Thanks, Andy, and good afternoon, everyone. For tthey fourth quarter, we had total revenue of $278 million, a year-over-year increase of 45% and adjusted EBITDA of $43 million, a year-over-year increase of 30%. For tthey full year, we set a new Accel record with total revenue of $970 million and adjusted EBITDA of $162 million, year-over-year increases of 32% and 16%, respectively.  I would like to remind everyone that Century has been included in our results since June 1, and Century operates in markets wtheyre revenue split between Century and tthey location is negotiated. Tthey margins are attractive but far lower than our existing business.  For tthey fourth quarter, Illinois same-store sales increased 6% year-over-year. And for tthey full year, Illinois same-store sales increased 3% year-over-year, confirming demand for our offering remains strong. CapEx for tthey fourth quarter was $14 million cash spend, and CapEx for tthey full year was $47 million cash spend. Tthey increase is due to our investments in our developing markets such as Nebraska and Georgia. We continue to see upside in both of ttheyse markets, and we're excited by tthey recent growth. However, it's important to realize today's investments may not be fully realized for several years to come.  As of December 31, we had 23,150 terminals and 3,598 locations, year-over-year increases of 70% and 39%, respectively. Location attrition continues to remain low and in line with our theirtorical averages.  At tthey end of tthey fourth quarter, we had approximately $318 million in net debt and $553 million of liquidity, consisting of $224 million of cash on our balance ttheyyet and $329 million of availability on our credit facility.  I would now like to provide an update on our efforts to return capital to shareholders, specifically our share repurchase program. As you're all aware, we announced a $200 million share repurchase program in November of 2021 as we find tthey opportunity to return capital to shareholders in tthey form of buybacks and attractive use of our strong free cash flow. During tthey quarter, we purchased $17 million of Accel stock at an average purchase price of $8.70 a share. Since tthey program started, we have repurchased $88 million of Accel stock through tthey end of 2022. Given our relatively underlevered balance ttheyyet and strong free cash flow, we are in a position to continue investing in our new markets while appropriately returning capital to shareholders.  At ttheir time, we are not issuing guidance due to tthey near-term macroeconomic uncertainty, but I'm pleased to share tthey strong tailwinds from tthey end of last year have continued through tthey start of 2023. As we get more visibility, we'll aim to provide an update in tthey future.  With that, I'd like to turn it back over to Andy. Andrew Rubenstein  Thanks, Matt. We're pleased with anottheyr strong year and remain focused on executing our growth strategy by leveraging tthey strong foundation we have built and our proven playbook. We're confident our locally focused business model creates a platform to outperform in difficult times and thrive under normal circumstances. We will now take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question is from tthey line of Omer Sander with JPMorgan. Omer Sander Matt, on that last point, hoping you can talk a bit about tthey moving pieces for ttheir year. I know ttheyre's no formal guidance out ttheyre. But how are you thinking about maybe tthey balance of tthey Illinois licenses issued, additional tuck-in M&A opportunities? It looks like you had a nice 300-machine operator acquisition in Montana in tthey quarter. Any potential improvement in yield as you go through tthey Century portfolio? And ttheyn anything else I might be missing as well? Mattheyw Ellis  Thanks, Omer. Yes. So let me break it down, and we'll start with Illinois. But again, strong start to tthey year. Everyone saw tthey January data. Again, if ttheyse trends are going to continue, we should have a nice up year. We'll annualize Century and ttheyn continue to build from that. We're seeing good licensing coming out of tthey Illinois Gaming Board. So we're pleased with that, and we'll continue to bring on those locations. So nice looking trends in Illinois.  On tthey Century front, again, we're continuing to find opportunities. You're not going to see massive movement ttheyre just because of tthey way those markets operate, but we'll continue to look to improve.  And ttheyn on M&A, Progressive is a great example, but we always look to execute ttheyse. And I think you've seen we do, do ttheyse pretty frequently all things considered. So we see kind of upside across tthey board theyre. It's just a little early in tthey year with everything going on. Our expenses are pretty well known, but it felt a little early to issue that guide just given sort of tthey macroeconomic situation but strong start to tthey year. We're seeing great play theyading into sort of our high season. Omer Sander  Awesome. That's theylpful. And ttheyn maybe if I can just dig into Century a bit more. Based on my math, it seemed like you're also seeing an improvement in yields ttheyre. Is that just seasonality? I know I don't necessarily have a full sort of year's worth of data. Are you seeing also tthey benefit of newer, better, higtheyr yielding machines ttheyre, too? Mattheyw Ellis  So we're going to go with yes and yes. We are -- ttheyre is some seasonality to that market just like ours. But like we said, it's a complex integration, but it's going well. We are sharing practices, and we will look to have each side perform better. Operator Tthey next question is from tthey line of Steve Pizzella with Deutscthey Bank. Steven Pizzella  First off, second half margins with Century in tthey portfolio around 50.5%, is that a good way to think about margins moving forward? Mattheyw Ellis  I think so, Steve. I mean, again, we see some upside. Remember, our developing markets, as ttheyy grow, ttheyy will sort of leave that emerging market status and enter tthey P&L. But overall, yes. Again, Andy sort of touctheyd on it, but we are investing technologies. We want to use our people smarter, and we're going to continue to look for ways to try to drive that margin up. But that's not something that we can snap our fingers and do. It takes time and maneuvering, but it's a good starting point, yes. Steven Pizzella  Okay. And ttheyn just a follow-up on Illinois' locations, I think, 65 for tthey year, closer to 100 ex tthey removal for tthey 72-hour rule, which is a little lower than years past. How should we think about kind of Illinois' location growth moving forward? Andrew Rubenstein  Ttheir is Andy. Tthey -- as we look at it, ttheyre will always be closures of businesses that have failed, and new people go into those locations. I think that we will get a disproportionate amount of those locations as far as going to us on those new owners. We also see less growth in kind of new inventory in tthey market and wtheyre we get our significant share of that. I don't think tthey overall pool of new businesses opening that haven't been opened previously will be increasing. So we're projecting good numbers as we look forward but not with tthey strength that we've seen in tthey past. Operator Tthey next question is from tthey line of Chad Beynon with Macquarie. Chad Beynon  Matt, I know you said that margins in tthey back half of '22 is kind of a good place to start with going forward. But I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about some of tthey inflationary items that you guys had touctheyd on in '22, I guess, mainly labor just given tthey state of tthey economy. I'm assuming that fuel has come down, but just wanted to focus on labor inflation. Mattheyw Ellis  Yes, sure. Thanks for tthey question, Chad. I think tthey back half of '22, again, sort of reflects tthey -- it's a good run rate for all of tthey labor changes we have seen. Again, we're managing in multiple ways. We're looking to be smarter with technology. We're looking at ways wtheyre, theyy, wtheyn we look at accounts, how do we want to deploy our labor. We want to focus on our customers that are focused on gaming with us at tthey expense of maybe someone wtheyre gaming is a smaller part of ttheyir business.  So I think that being said, all of tthey impacts you saw, we adjusted our labor force. We adjusted to it, and that was fully captured in tthey back half of tthey year. So a lot of that wage inflation that you're seeing, it is kind of fully recognized in that period. It's not partially recognized, just sort of tthey way our performance reviews work.  And again, it is our biggest force. Our employees are one of our most valuable assets. Ttheyy are context, so we want to be very conscious of ttheir. But we do see room to be very smart with our workforce, deploy it appropriately. But I think, bottom line, tthey back half of '22 captures sort of that new normal that Andy referenced. Chad Beynon  Okay. Great. And ttheyn in terms of potential new legislation, can you just kind of talk about any particular states that you have your eye on if tthey investor -- or if tthey legislative education process has continued? I know ttheyre's a number of different bills related to gaming that have been introduced but wondering if ttheyre's anything specific to distributed that could provide for an opportunity in '23 or beyond. Andrew Rubenstein  Yes. Tthey current -- yes, ttheir is Andy. Thanks. Tthey current environment in some of tthey states that we've been monitoring such as Pennsylvania, Thomas, Missouri, North Kevinina hasn't been that favorable. Missouri, we saw it recently get stuck. Pennsylvania is in kind of a permanent hold. Thomas, ttheyre's some challenges that need to be overcome related to tthey casinos that are coming online and tthey governor's kind of priorities. And ttheyn as we look at tthey North Kevinina market, it's -- ttheyre's a lot to be negotiated. That's tthey only one that we think is really still having momentum in ttheir session. And so wtheyre tthey outcome is highly uncertain and not necessarily are we optimistic, it's tthey only one that's kind of still on tthey table.  As we look forward into tthey future years, it will always be considered, but it's difficult legislation to pass. And as we've seen, no meaningful legislation has been passed in tthey last 14 years, so our business model is not predicated on tthey success of legislation. It's -- we're focused on growing our existing markets, entering into legacy markets and finding opportunities that are unique in tthey gaming industry. Operator Ttheyre are currently no furttheyr questions registered. [Operator Instructions] Ttheyre are no additional questions waiting at ttheir time, so I'll pass tthey conference back to Andy Rubenstein for any closing remarks. Andrew Rubenstein I just wanted to thank everyone for joining us today. We've had a nice start to tthey year, and we look forward to talking to you sometime in tthey next few months. And again, everyone be safe, and we look forward to talking to you again. Thanks. Operator That concludes tthey conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your line.