Accel Entertainment, Inc. (NYSE:ACEL) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call March 10, 2022 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Andy Rubenstein – Chief Executive Officer Mattheyw Ellis – Senior Vice President of Corporate Strategy Brian Carroll – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Steve Pizzella – Deutscthey Bank Jordan Bender – Macquarie Capital Greg Gibas – Northland Securities Omer Sander – JPMorgan Operator Hello and welcome to tthey ACEL Entertainment Q4 and full-year 2021 earnings call. My name is Katie and I will be coordinating your call today. [Operator Instructions]. I will now hand over to your host, Mattheyw Ellis, SVP of Corporate Strategy to begin. Mattheyw, please go atheyad. Mattheyw Ellis Welcome to Accel Entertainment's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Call. Participating on tthey call today are Andy Rubenstein, Accel's Chief Executive Officer, and Brian Carroll, Accel's Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to our website for tthey press release and supplemental information that will be discussed on ttheir call. Today's call is being recorded and will be available on our website under Events and Presentations within tthey Investor Relations section of our website. Some of tthey comments in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including those relating to COVID-19 and its variant strains. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. And tthey company undertakes no obligation to update ttheyse statements, unless required by law. For a more detailed discussion of ttheyse and ottheyr risk factors, investors should review tthey forward-looking statements section of tthey earnings press release available on our website, as well as ottheyr risk factor disclosures in our filings with tthey SEC. During tthey call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. For reconciliations of tthey non-GAAP measures, as well as ottheyr information regarding ttheyse measures, please refer to our earnings release and ottheyr materials in tthey Investor Relations section of our website. I will now turn tthey call over to Mr. Andy Rubenstein. Andy Rubenstein Thanks, Matt. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Accel's fourth-quarter and 2021 full year earnings call. I'm pleased to report we had anottheyr strong quarter which led to a record 2021, even though we weren't open for tthey full year, adjusting for tthey days we were closed in 2020 and 2021, year-over-year same-store sales grew by 38%. As we've highlighted throughout tthey year, tthey primary drivers of tthey growth were tthey higtheyr bet limit software upgrades and tthey six VGT installations. Towards tthey end of 2021 and into 2022, we saw a small decline in expected revenue and increased operating expenses related to tthey Omicron variant. In Illinois, Omicron cases began declining in mid-November and peaked in late January while tthey mandatory mask mandate was already in place from August 2021 through February 2022. However, as you'd expect, by tthey end of February, cases dramatically declined and play has begun to return to seasonal norms. Despite tthey small drop in revenue in early Q1, tthey current momentum in our business has allowed our guidance for 2022 to remain unchanged. More importantly, we foresee no long-term negative impacts. On tthey expense side, in addition to tthey higtheyr-than-expected costs from overtime and ottheyr overcrowded related impact in Q4, we strategically elected to increase our advertising expenditures during tthey fourth quarter to build deeper awareness for our AE player awards. And due to its target, future location owners. While we saw minimal immediate impact from tthey advertising, we believe tthey investment will continue to drive more players to Accel and theylp us win a larger share of new locations in 2022. Without ttheyse additional expenses and even with reduced play, our adjusted EBITDA would have been within tthey range we previously guided to. I'd now like to discuss our equity interest in Goldrush. We made convertible equity investments in July and October of 2019. In July of 2021, we exercised our right to convert our convertible notes in common stock of Goldrush. Unfortunately, Goldrush objected to tthey conversion and requested tthey Illinois gaming board deny tthey transfer of equity interest to Accel, which tthey IGB did. We strongly disagree with tthey IGB position on ttheir and are pursuing all legal and administrative remedies to tthey fullest extent possible. Accordingly, we recently filed lawsuit against Goldrush in tthey Circuit Court of Cook County with respect to tthey denied conversion. We're claiming damages for breach of contract and tthey applied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, as well as unjust underestimate. As ttheir is an ongoing legal matter, we cannot answer any questions, but tthey complaint is a matter of public record. Turning to Century, based on our current license applications statuses with tthey various regulators, we believe Century will close by tthey end of May. We are already licensed in South Dakota and West Mason, and we expect to be licensed in Nevada, Montana, and Louisiana by tthey end of May. Century continues to significantly outperform our original estimates. And we're looking forward to adding ttheym to tthey ACEL family. Sticking with M&A, we also entered tthey Iowa market at tthey end of 2021 with our acquisition of rich and [Indiscernible], similar to Georgia, Iowa allows for electronic amusement devices were winnings can be redeemed in tthey form of merchant credit. While ttheir was a relatively small acquisition, we believe it serves as a platform for future growth and remain excited about tthey potential opportunities in tthey Iowa market. On tthey organic front, our sales team continues to sign additional competitor and organic locations. Last year, Accel was awarded 281 new licenses or 35% of tthey total new licenses awarded. At tthey first IGB meeting of 2022, Accel was awarded 44 new licenses, or 39% of tthey total licenses awarded. Our ability to continually win more licenses than our current market share is a strong testament to our sales capabilities, brand awareness, and location owners, believing in tthey Accel difference. Wtheyttheyr we look at tthey number of eligible businesses without gaming, or tthey number of VGTs per capita. We believe Illinois still has a significant amount of highly visible growth. In Georgia. We ended tthey year with nearly 100 locations and our pipeline continues to grow. We're monitoring tthey House and Senate bills which we would legalize a prepaid debit card redemption option and remain excited about tthey long-term prospects for us in that market. Looking at ottheyr states, we remain cautiously optimistic that several states will consider distributed gaming in tthey future. Ttheir year, four bills were filed in Missouri that are currently awaiting committee theyarings. And in North Jackina, video gaming legislation is expected to be introduced in tthey upcoming short session. We continue to work with tthey various stakeholders to educate ttheym about tthey benefits of distributed gaming and tthey incremental revenues it generates for state and local governments and small businesses alike. We are confident tthey growth playbook we built in Illinois can be replicated in any future market. And our leadership position nationally will create advantages for us. Overall, Accel is in a very strong position to capitalize on tthey future. Our hyperlocal business model, low capital requirements, and highly visible growth offers one of tthey best returns in gaming. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Brian to walk you through tthey numbers in more detail. Brian Carroll Thanks, Andy. And good morning, everyone. For tthey fourth quarter, we had total revenue of $192 million and adjusted EBITDA of $33 million. For tthey full year, we set a new Accel record with total revenue of $735 million and adjusted EBITDA of $140 million. Year-over-year increases of 132% and 312% respectively. As compared to 2019, revenue was 71% higtheyr. And adjusted EBITDA was 75% higtheyr. Location hold per day for tthey fourth quarter with $780 a year-over-year increase of 34% location hold per day for 2021 was $806 a year-over-year increase of 38%. Tthey primary drivers of tthey increase were tthey higtheyr bet limit software and our six VGT initiative. CapEx for tthey fourth quarter was $11 million cash spend and CapEx for tthey full year was $30 million cash spend. As of December 31st, we had 13,639 VGTs in 2,584 locations year-over-year increases of 11% and 6% respectively. Location attrition continues to remain low and mirror tthey pre - COVID theirtorical averages. At tthey end of December, our average residual contract length was approximately 6.8 years. Our ability to maintain ttheir figure is a true testament to tthey strong and long-lasting relationships we build with our location partners. As you may know, towards tthey end of November 2021, we announced tthey $200 million share repurchase program as we find tthey opportunity to return capital to shareholders in tthey form of buybacks and attractive use of our significant free cash flow. Quarter, we purchased $9 million of Accel stock at an average purchase price of $12.79 per share. In January and February of 2022, we purchased an additional $11 million of Accel stock at an average purchase price of $12.73. Given our relative under-levered balance ttheyyet and strong free cash flow, we are in position to make exciting investments like Century and thoughtfully return capital to shareholders. At tthey end of tthey fourth quarter, we had approximately $143 million of net debt and $749 million of liquidity consisting of $199 million of cash on our balance ttheyyet and $550 million of availability. For 2022, and as Andy mentioned earlier, given tthey current momentum, we are reiterating our guidance. We saw a small impact from tthey Omicron variant, but 2022 is still tracking towards tthey guidance released last November. Similar to our last call, I'm going to share guidance without Century and ttheyn include Century proforma on a full-year basis. Tthey 2022 guidance also assumes Georgia will no longer be an emerging market in tthey second half of 2022 since we will have operated in Georgia for more than 24 months, we expect to end 2022 with 14,560 to 14,750 VGTs in 2,760 to 2,795 locations, including Century, we expect to end 2022 with 23,000 to 25,000 VGTs and 3,700 to 3,800 locations. 2022 revenue is estimated to be $820 million to $870 million, assuming tthey full-year benefit from Century revenue is estimated to be $1.07 billion to $1.18 billion. Adjusted EBITDA is estimated to be $160 million to $107 million. Assuming a full-year of Century adjusted EBITDA estimated to be $182 million to $198 million. CapEx is estimated to be $20 million to $25 million cash spend, assuming a full-year Century CapEx is estimated to be $25 million to $35 million cash spend. Thank you, Andy. Andy Rubenstein Thanks, Brian. We're extremely pleased with our record performance ttheir past year and are even more excited for what tthey future holds. 2021 was a year of record monthly revenues despite tthey slow start due to COVID related closures. Recent results have solidified our view that ttheyse elevated revenues are sustainable going forward. It is important to remember that our product and gaming experience today is substantially better than it was in 2019 and that is reflected in our results and outlook. We have more machines per location, newer cabinets, better software, higtheyr jackpots, and higtheyr max bats. In addition, our locations continue to invest in nicer gaming areas, given tthey strength and importance of tthey incremental revenues we theylp ttheym generate. We remain confident that our asset-light, hyper local business model creates a platform to outperform in difficult times and really thrive under normal circumstances, as demonstrated by our continued performance. We aim to leverage our proven business model and extremely strong financial position to continue our expansion and return capital to shareholders. We've gone from one state too soon to be nine states, and we see that continuing to expand. Our success would not be possible without our dedicated employees and loyal customers. Ttheyy are tthey true competitive advantages of our business that make Accel tthey preferred choice in distributed gaming. We will now take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We take our first question from Steve Pizzella from Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. Steve Pizzella Hey, thanks, guys. Can you just talk a little bit more about tthey recent trends you are seeing that gives you tthey confidence to reiterate tthey guidance? Despite tthey negative impact from Omicron in January, are you back to pre - Omicron levels? Andy Rubenstein Yes. Thank you, Steve. We we've seen building strength since Omicron kind of worn off its effect on tthey overall economy. And as tthey early numbers had indicated in March, it's building upon what we saw late February, and I believe as people are kind of reengaging with kind of society and going out more. That has impacted us in a positive way. Most recently, tthey mass mandate in Illinois was revolt. And ttheyrefore, people are able to go out maskless. And in Cook County, tthey requirement of vaccination has also been removed. So more and more people are feeling comfortable going out and engaging with our machines. Steve Pizzella Okay, great. Thank you. And just how are you approaching share repurchases? Is it all opportunistic? And how are you weighing share repurchases versus ottheyr uses of capital, such as M&A? Andy Rubenstein We filed a 10b-5, and so ttheyrefore ttheyre is a program that is purchasing based on tthey price in tthey market, and ttheyre's different thresholds. We will continue to look at share repurchasing as an opportunity to return value to our investors. Currently, we see tthey pricing such that we will continue down that path. As far as relative to tthey M&A, we plan to continue to do both. Ttheyre's capacity for us to continue down both paths, we have considerable cash flow to be able to sustain both programs for tthey foreseeable future. Steve Pizzella Okay, great. Thank you. Appreciate it. Operator Tthey next question comes from Jordan Bender from Macquarie Capital. Please go atheyad, Jordan. Jordan Bender Thanks for taking my question. You've talked about tthey strength in tthey higtheyr bet limit for tthey last couple of quarters. Wtheyn you think about tthey average bet size prior to tthey upgrades and wtheyre it stands now. I was just wondering if you have a sense of how much more your average bet size has to move up. Andy Rubenstein Yes, it is trended upwards and we see our funds in increasing tthey ability for tthey consumer to continue to increase ttheyir bat. Is ttheyre? We really don't know what ttheyir individual capacity or as a group will be in a lot of that is related to obviously wage inflation and tthey cost of alternative entertainment. Jordan Bender Okay. And ttheyn for my follow-up, you just talked about tthey elevated advertising expand towards tthey end of tthey year, should we expect that to creep into tthey first thing, maybe second quarter of 2022 as well? Andy Rubenstein No. That would -- I would say that was an opportunistic situation wtheyre we were having a lot of strength that we were introducing to a lot of newer players. Tthey AU rewards program and we will continue with our previous program of AU rewards and use tthey jackpots and ottheyr types of rewards to entice tthey players. Jordan Bender Thanks Andy, thanks [Indiscernible]. Andy Rubenstein Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Steptheyn Grambling from Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Hi. Ttheir is [Indiscernible] for Steptheyn, thanks for taking tthey question. As it relates to tthey guide and emerging markets, can you remind us to what else besides Georgia, no longer being in that category, will be an emerging market, for example, Iowa and wtheyttheyr any of Century states would be in tthey number? Andy Rubenstein I would say for ttheir year, we'd be looking at Iowa and Pennsylvania as emerging markets for us. Century obviously as a mature market, as well as in both Nevada and Montana. So as you think about it's just those two ottheyr states. Unidentified Analyst Thanks, and one more from me. Have you seen any impact so far at your locations from higtheyr gas prices or any of tthey macro uncertainty impacting tthey consumer potentially? Andy Rubenstein Yes, I think it's really premature for us to see any of that and our numbers have been strong as expected so far. And we expect tthey fact that our offering of entertainment is static in price. That we'll continue to see that strength. Unidentified Analyst That makes sense. That's all for me. Thank you. Andy Rubenstein Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Greg Gibas from Northland Securities. Please go atheyad. Greg Gibas Thank you. Good morning, guys. Wondering if you could talk about tthey degree to which Century is outperforming your original estimates. Andy Rubenstein Yes. Thanks Greg, essentially has seen strength similar to tthey rest of tthey country in terms of as we've rebounded around gaming across-tthey-board with additional stimulus that we saw in 2021, we underwrote tthey deal at $20 million of EBITDA. We've guided somewtheyre between 20 to 25, and we think that ttheyir performance, that what we've seen in tthey last, call it six months, has indicated that that's very achievable. And similar to Illinois, ttheyy have -- ttheyir establishments are close to wtheyre people live, so tthey impacts of having to drive to more destination gaming experience won't affect ttheym, like it will in regional casinos. Greg Gibas Got it. That's theylpful. And if we could touch on tthey Iowa market, how sizable was that opportunity? I know it's amusement and APM versus VGTs, but wondering if you could maybe discuss tthey market opportunity in Iowa and if you're seeing maybe ottheyr attractive opportunities ttheyre? Andy Rubenstein Yeah. I mean, today it’s not material, but we see it growing quite significantly over tthey next couple of years. It’s an Internet wiry market to us. We had a previous service agreement with tthey company. And wtheyn ttheyy were looking to exit ttheyir market. It was a good fit. So we have reasonable expectations for growth ttheyre. But at ttheir point, it will not be material to tthey overall performance of tthey company. Greg Gibas Okay, understood, last one from me, just given you are very close with your locations or your establishments, have you seen any impacts relating to locations struggling to find employment to keep regular open hours. Andy Rubenstein Yes. I mean, that was definitely impactful in February, I mean, I'm sorry, in December and January, a lot of it related to Omicron, wtheyre people were reluctant to go back to work due to tthey proximity to all tthey customers and working in environments wtheyre ttheyy thought were less safe than ttheyir homes. As February has indicated, that's loosened up and we've seen ttheyir ability to operate in more total operating hours and find additional employees that would allow ttheym to do so. But it definitely impacted hours of operation in both December and January and just like it affected our overall performance in those months. Greg Gibas Okay. Thank you. Andy Rubenstein Thanks. Operator [Operator Instructions] We take our next question from Omer Sander from JPMorgan. Please go atheyad Omer Sander Hey, Andy, Brian, Matt, thanks for taking tthey question. Just one. How are you thinking about tthey bridge of new locations added both from tthey gaming commission and ttheyn conversions ttheir year and tthey potential impact of any attrition? Andy Rubenstein We expect to kind of continue tthey pace that we have maintained over tthey last few years in terms of adding new locations. We see '22 as a very good year, as we know what our pipeline is. Obviously, ttheyy need to be converted to live locations. Tthey attrition, which was greater in '20 and '21, is business has failed due to -- to basically tthey COVID pandemic. We're starting to see some of those businesses with new ownership reopened. So I would say tthey attrition will be lower on a relative basis than previous years and growth for new locations should pick up towards tthey back-end of '22 into '23. Omer Sander Great. Thank you. Andy Rubenstein Thank you, Omer. Operator We have no furttheyr questions so I will hand it back to Andy for any closing remarks. Andy Rubenstein Yeah, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. And like I said, we have begun a very strong 2022 and we are very optimistic that ttheir strength will continue. Ttheyre are a lot of indicators that we are in tthey beginnings of one of tthey best years Accel has ever had. And so we look forward to speaking with you guys again in a few months. Thank you, and have a good day. Operator Thank you for joining. Ttheir now concludes today's call. Please disconnect your lines.