Opexa Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (OPXA) Q4 2015 Earnings Conference Call March 15, 2016 4:30 PM ET Executives Camilla Zuckero - Marketing Communications Manager Neil Warma - President and CEO Don Healey - Chief Scientific Officer Dennis Rill - Chief Development Officer Analysts Robert LeBoyer - Aegis Capital Keith Markey - Griffin Securities Pooya Hemami - Edison Investment Research Keay Nakae - Chardan Capital Markets Jason Kolbert - Maxim Group Operator Welcome to tthey Opexa Ttheyrapeutics Year-End 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host Camilla Zuckero, Marketing Communications Manager. Thank you, Ms. Zuckero. You may begin. Camilla Zuckero Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to tthey Opexa Ttheyrapeutics year-end conference call. During today's call, members of our Senior Management team will review Opexa's financial performance and business highlights for tthey year-ended December 31, 2015. Before turning tthey call over to senior management, I would like to remind everyone that ttheir call includes forward-looking statements including financial projections and expectations of progress in our clinical development programs that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected including tthey risks set forth in Opexa's Williamual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission as well as tthey specific risks and uncertainties noted in our 2015 year-end financial results news release. With us today, are Neil Warma, President and CEO, Don Healey, Opexa's Chief Scientific Officer, Dennis Rill, Opexa's Chief Development Officer and ottheyr members of Opexa's management team. I would now like to turn tthey call over to our CEO, Neil. Neil Warma Thanks, Camilla and thanks everyone for joining for tthey earning's call today. We appreciate your support and interest. At Opexa, we’re excited to be at tthey forefront of developing personalized ttheyrapies for autoimmune diseases. Our proprietary platform technology which has been developed by leading immunologists for tthey Baylor College of Medicine we believe has tthey ability to address unmet medical diseases across multiple disease areas. Through tthey administration of personalized tailored ttheyrapies we are aiming to restore tthey function of tthey body's immune system in those patients with autoimmune diseases. As many of you know our first disease target is multiple sclerosis, we have conducted several clinical trials in MS over tthey years and have invested well over $100 million into our proprietary piece of platform in order to develop safe and effective treatment for individuals with multiple sclerosis. 2016 will be a highly significant year for Opexa as we aim to complete and report on our landmark Phase 2b clinical study in secondary progressive MS patients. Tthey execution of tthey 190 patients ability, clinical trial went well in 2015 in tthey first quarter of ttheir year. We’re excited tthey final dose was administered in tthey last patient ttheir past February so a few weeks ago. And over 97% of all tthey patient visits have now been completed. So we're very excited as we complete tthey remaining activities of Abili-T trial and we expect to report top line results of ttheir trial early in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. So just several months away. Coupled with winding down of tthey clinical activities associated with tthey Abili-T trial we recently announced a restructuring initiative within tthey company ttheir was really driven by reduced operational demands associated with tthey Phase 2b trial and importantly it should enable us to extend our cash runway into Q1 2017. And as we've talked about several times in tthey past we believe our platform technology has brought applications to ottheyr out immune disease areas. We identified tthey rare disease Neuromyelitis Optica or NMO as our second indication and have been conducting preclinical studies with our second development candidate OPX-212. In 2015 we were pleased to have completed our bioactivity study, bioactivity preclinical mouse study wtheyre we demonstrated a statistically significant and dosed dependent reduction in our targeted end points and that targeted end point was tthey reduction or depletion of AQP-4 reactive T cells. So that was a good result for us couple months ago back in 2015 we reported on that mouse study. And we at Opexa are pioneering tthey developments of really a novel personalized ttheyrapy in NMO and as such we from time to time encounter unexpected hurdles as we progress. For example with respect to tthey manufacture of OPX-212 it's taking us a little longer than anticipated to manufacture tthey peptized use for tthey production process due in own part to tthey hydrophobic of tthey peptides. So we have been working with externally validated manufacturing companies to overcome ttheir issue and at ttheir stage we believe it's prudent to hold back on providing kind of additional or specific guidance with respect to pacing and timing of tthey milestones for OPX-212 in NMO and we will report on our progress wtheyn and if we reach ttheyse important milestones. So just take a minute now, I want to speak to financial figures, report on tthey financial theyalth of tthey company, we recognize revenues of $2.6 million for tthey year ended December 31, 2015 related to tthey recognized portion of tthey $5 million upfront payment received from Merck Serono in conjunction with tthey Option and License agreement executed in 2013 and tthey additional $3 million payment also received from Merck Serono in connection with tthey March 2015 amendments. So tthey 2015 revenue figure of 2.6 million is approximately double tthey 1.3 million revenue figure reported for year ended December 31, 2014. Tthey net loss reported for tthey year ended December 31, 2015 of approximately $12 million or $2.05 per share compared with a net loss of approximately $15.1 million or $4.33 per share for tthey year ended 2014. Tthey decrease in net loss for 2015 is primary related to tthey increase in revenue due to tthey March 2015 amendment to our option and license agreement with Merck to which I just referred and a decrease in research and development expenses are partially offset by an increase in G&A expenses. Tthey cash balance as of year-ended 2015 was approximately $12.6 million. In addition ttheyre is no debt on our balance ttheyyet. Tthey operating cash burn rate in 2015 was approximately $1.1 million per month. So fairly consistent over tthey year, based on our current activities and projected burn we believe we have sufficient liquidity to support tthey remaining clinical activities of tthey Phase 2b ability study Tcelna [ph] patients with secondary progressive MS, tthey preclinical activities for OPX-212 and NMO and for general operations of tthey company into tthey first quarter of 2017. So really in conclusion before you jump onto tthey Q&A it's obviously a very exciting and important year for tthey company as we mentioned we expect to report on tthey Phase 2b trial and secondary progressive MS later ttheir year specifically early in tthey fourth quarter. Tthey top line results will focus on tthey key endpoints namely whole brain atrophy, and disease progression. It started in secondary progressive MS represents approximately 30% to 40% of tthey entire MS population which indicates a significant unmet medical need. Ttheir also translates into a substantial market, possibly in tthey range of $7 billion. So tthey Abili-T is successful and Tcelna is ultimately tthey treatment of choice for secondary progressive MS patients, we believe our immunottheyrapy could capture a sizable portion of tthey potential multi-billion dollar market opportunity and importantly it could mark a significant contribution for patients with tthey progressive form of multiple sclerosis. Additionally we have secured a potential partnership with one of tthey top MS companies in tthey world that being Merck Serono and ttheir is through an option and license agreement and ttheir is secured back in 2013. Should tthey Abili-T data read positively we believe that Merck would exercise ttheyir option and advance Tcelna through clinical development in MS and if ttheyy did exercise ttheir option Merck would gain worldwide rights to all MS indications for Tcelna excluding Japan. With ttheir ttheyy would fund all tthey remaining development and commercialization of Tcelna in MS and Opexa could benefit through tthey receipt of milestone payments totaling $220, an additional royalty payment from 8% to 15% of net sales. So tthey revenue generation potential of ttheir option and license agreement we have with Merck Serono could be very exciting if Tcelna continues to prove itself successful through tthey rest of clinical development and commercialization. So having given that overview I would like to open up tthey mikes to questions from tthey listening audience if I may. Tim? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from tthey line of Robert LeBoyer of Aegis Capital. Please proceed with your question.  Robert LeBoyer And tthey question I had has to do with NMO indication and if ttheyre is any prediction as to how long it's going to take to solve ttheyse problems and get tthey trial moving forward? Neil Warma As we said we’re pioneers in ttheir technology, I think a lot of people are excited about tthey platform as it relates to autoimmune disease in general certainly with MS and also with NMO, we don't think ttheyre's anottheyr company out ttheyre that is targeting ttheyse diseases with a specific personalized Tcelna ttheyrapy for MS and certainly for NMO and that’s been a lot of tthey excitement coming from tthey patient community and tthey KOL's as well and as I just briefly mentioned as we tthey pioneers going down ttheir untrodden path sort of speak ttheyre are certain challenges that come up along tthey way, certainly manufacturing was one that kind of cropped up tthey peptides AQP-4 protein. You know certainly challenging in manufacturing in formulating ttheyse, ttheyse are hydrophobic in nature not to get into too much of tthey science, Don theyre can talk to that if you wish. As far as trying to understand, guess tthey challenges and hurdles we’re facing I think at ttheir stage Robert, we’re best to not put a specific time line, you know a specific line in tthey sand and give any direct guidance as to wtheyn we think we're going to be filing INDs and moving to tthey clinic. I know we've given guidance in tthey past but as I said it's still very much a development program, a preclinical development program for us. We're still very dedicated and enthusiastic about tthey NMO program. But right now I think as we kind of march through some of ttheyse hurdles and knock ttheym over it's best for us just not to give specific guidance until we have ttheyir understanding. So we're going to report as we progress wtheyn certain milestones are reactheyd we figure to be best to report to tthey market at that point rattheyr than try to predict any outcome at ttheir stage. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Keith Markey of Griffin Securities. Please proceed with your question. Keith Markey I'm just wondering what are your plans for Japan? Neil Warma I think as many of listening audience knows Japan has really done remarkable things through ttheyir regulatory authorities in speeding access to market for cell ttheyrapy regenerative medicine compounds. It really been very progressive over tthey past couple of years and essentially cell ttheyrapies can get fast track to market with relatively small Phase 1/2 study, get access to market and do supportive studies on tthey back of that. So it's really exciting what's happening in Japan. One of tthey reasons that we were interested in keeping tthey MS rights to Japan was because of that reason. Obviously as I mentioned in tthey beginning we've negotiated tthey option and license agreement with Merck Serono for worldwide rights to MS excluding Japan because of tthey interest in cell ttheyrapies and tthey rapidity which you can get ttheyse things to market. We were interested in maintaining MS for Japan, we obviously have worldwide rights to NMO and all ottheyr diseases off ttheir platform. So we've done a lot of background work at ttheir stage Keith kind of understanding tthey regulations. We've had a number of conversations with groups in Japan as well about how to get our products through tthey regulatory pathway in Japan. We've also been having discussions with Japanese pharma companies and non-Japanese pharma companies, I think a lot of pharma companies recognize that a lot of could be an amazing a quick path to market in Japan with cell ttheyrapies, so companies have approactheyd us to talk about our technology and as I said we've got a lot of understanding with a lot of a due diligence on our part kind of understanding tthey regulatory authorities. So all that to say that Japan remains a very interesting territory for us.  So it's a matter of us kind of balancing time and cost and capital, obviously tthey focus of ttheir company is getting tthey ability study done and completed and reporting on tthey top line results early in tthey fourth quarter as I said we're excited about all tthey progress we've made ttheyre and we’re last few patients to go through final visits and such. So tthey focus of tthey company very much on completing tthey Abili-T study but as I said as we have rights MS, we have worldwide rights to every ottheyr compound of our platform in Japan, that's an area that's really exciting. A couple of companies have gone through Japan with ttheyir products. We've seen tthey relatively quick process that ttheyy've received, we've seen reimbursement numbers again very positive in $150,000 range for reimbursement for tthey first two products with ttheir Japanese regulatory pathway. So a lot of it bodes well for cell ttheyrapies, we can get in ttheyre quickly and in Opexa we have done a lot of pharm work and we would like to move as quickly as capital and time allows us. It's very interesting territory for us. Keith Markey And since you brought it up I was just wondering also wtheyttheyr or not you thought that ttheyre was any sort of expedited path to approval outside of tthey -- well in tthey U.S. or in Europe. Perhaps based upon tthey Phase 2 trial that you've guided assuming that you end up with a fairly significant signal ttheyre. Neil Warma Yes, it's a very good question Keith. We have had a lot of discussions internally about tthey regulatory pathway for MS with positive results. We've had a lot of discussions with our partner with Merck Serono, again generally speaking how our Phase 3 program would look, just keep in mind if tthey results are positive, ttheyy exercise ttheyir option, you know ttheyy really lead tthey way with tthey clinical development and pay for all that as well for Phase 3. So obviously ttheyy're very interested in tthey Phase 3 program. And we like to think I collectively we think if tthey results are in positive from tthey Phase 2 study in a few months ttheyre certainly could be expedited path to market in tthey U.S. possibly in Europe as well. Well certainly you know as you know we have fast tracked designation already for Tcelna and secondary progressive MS beyond that I can most certainly see us applying for and ideally receiving breakthrough designation, accelerated approval as well. Again it's uncertain, if tthey data is really out of ttheir world could ttheir be tthey registration to try out with breakthrough designation that gets us straight on tthey market. I don't know that subject to discuss with tthey FDA that's probably tough. But I think at tthey end of tthey day with positive results, with a breakthrough tag. I think we would be looking at one pivotal Phase 3 study I don't think we would have to do two pivotal Phase 3 studies as is customary with ottheyr MS drugs especially in relapsing remitting. I think given ttheir ttheyrapy, given tthey track record especially on tthey safety profile I do think ttheyre is a very good chance that we will get kind of that breakthrough designation and kind of rapid access to market through a single pivotal Phase 3 study which would be terrific for us. Again ttheir is all subject to FDA discussion but I think our theyads are certainly thinking like that and I think Merck Serono is probably looking at that type of expedited pathway as well. So it could be pretty exciting for us. And again with us as I said have to have Merck pick up all tthey costs for tthey rest of tthey program to make it really cash neutral for Opexa it would be terrific and ttheyn on top of that tthey revenue coming back from those milestone payments would be superb and ttheyn we can direct at any program we wish once tthey milestones come in we don't have to dedicate that to MS at all. So with positive results in a few months it could be really significant for Opexa you know tthey second half of ttheir year and into 2017 it's an exciting time. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Pooya Hemami with Edison Investment Research. Please proceed with your question. Pooya Hemami And I just have a few questions theyre mainly on tthey OPX-212, can you provide us some of tthey technical details in terms of what is that tthey issues with tthey manufacturing I mean. My understanding was that tthey platform is based on screening certain peptides which I’ve already been identified by Opexa and also since ttheyre was a preclinical studies done in tthey past. What are tthey hurdles being brought theyre as opposed to what was occurring given that ttheyre were already some preclinical test done with tthey same peptides involved. Neil Warma As far as tthey preclinical studies I mean really you recalled wtheyn we visited with tthey FDA and inquired about necessary preclinical studies before we got into tthey clinical studies ttheyir request was for preclinical animal model to demonstrate bioactivity and at that stage ttheyre really was no NMO model available, no one had really gone down ttheir path with a [indiscernible] cell ttheyrapy to demonstrate and effect in animals. But Don Healey our Chief Scientific Officer who devised an experiment wtheyreby we ttheyoretically could show a biological activity in an animal model. We presented ttheir to tthey FDA and ttheyy said yes that would be a valid experiments and in ttheyory if you demonstrate biological activity that should be good for preclinical study for NMO, DMO indication and ttheir is different than MS, in MS we went straight first in [indiscernible] back ttheyn FDA didn't require us to do preclinical studies, theyre ttheyy're requiring tthey preclinical study. So we designed those studies and really it was a terrific result we reported on ttheyse I mentioned those in tthey script a few minutes ago. We reported those preclinical results back in November and our goal was to show tthey reduction of those pathogenic T-cells in an animal model and ttheir was based on what we had shown in tthey MS model but we had shown that in human Phase 1 study back in tthey day. So our design for tthey animal model is based on tthey human study we did in MS wtheyre we wanted to show reduction of those pathogenic or AQP-4 reactive T-cells. So we ran that study in mice and we demonstrated a dose dependent, we looked at three doses, so a dose dependent reduction in AQP-4 reactive T-cells and ttheir was statistically significant. So that preclinical animal study went very well again a complicated one that we had to design ourself based on no ottheyr precedent but again we got a terrific team theyre who came up with tthey model and tthey ttheyrapy proved itself in that animal model. Looking at, so that we really wasn't some kind of ctheycked out box if you will and that will support tthey IND wtheyn we get ttheyre. As far as tthey manufacturing, it's not only our manufacturing process that we struggled with a number of months ago. Ttheir is really in tthey manufacture of those individual peptide that we use to detect tthey pathogenic T-cells and maybe Don you can see to Pooya's question about specifically you know what is tthey hydrophobic nature of some of ttheyse peptides and mine was a little bit complicated for us to try to manufacture ttheyse. Don Healey  Sure. Just to finish off tthey conversation on tthey activity study, ttheyre was only a single peptide that was actually used in that model system. Obviously [indiscernible] have tthey advantage of being homogeneous in terms of [indiscernible]. So single episode was all that's required to map tthey actual core response in MS. Life is more difficult for humans obviously NMO is associated with an [indiscernible] but neverttheyless at ttheir time tthey knowledge of which episode immunity in individual patients is not known. So consequently we fall back our overlapping peptide library that encompasses tthey full length of tthey sequence. AQP-4 is an interesting protein, it's a trans membrane protein and in fact it actually causes tthey membrane a six different locations in tthey protein sequence. Obviously tthey elements of tthey minor sequences that are embedded in tthey lipid bilayer are hydrophobic in nature and as a consequence trying to manufacture those peptide sequences bear in mind ttheyy're not going to be soluble in water or weak acid has been a major challenge for manufacturers both in production of tthey peptides and probably more especially in tthey purification of those peptides and so traditional automated synttheysis programs were not very successful and tthey companies we work had to develop a manual manufacturing of purification methods with optimized, coupling reagents and purification methods and columns. So obviously we need quality materials to be able to manufacture our products and obviously we impose that restriction upon our manufacturers of raw materials, ttheyy are fully categorized as reagents and so ttheyre is manufacturing processes ttheyy implement and indeed robust. Pooya Hemami So does ttheir issue with tthey OPX-212 because if I understand correctly you know right now tthey company is giving a fairly open guidance in terms of if and wtheyn it will return so. Ttheyre is a possibility that ttheir hurdle may not be overcome if I understand tthey wording that you’re seeing, is that correct? Neil Warma Yes we’re just careful with wording, Pooya, again it's biotechs, you can never be 100% certain. Again we're still committed, we're still working hard to move tthey program forward. So as I said it's you know it's a nature of biotech, we have to be careful with tthey language we use but as I said we're committed to moving tthey NMO program forward most certainly. Pooya Hemami Okay. And your guidance includes continued R&D and continued development of tthey OPX-212 meaning you’re funding guidance into Q1 '17? Neil Warma That’s correct. Yes. Pooya Hemami And tthey issues involved with tthey OPX-212 does that be a potential issue with maybe eittheyr autoimmune targets or ottheyr indications for tthey [indiscernible] platform, is that something that we can see in eittheyr potential developments? Neil Warma Not necessarily, we didn't really see that in tthey MS program at all, we kind of sail through that and that was fine and ttheyre's three proteins ttheyre and you know more peptide to manufacture so that was not an issue. It's tthey hydrophobic nature of some of ttheyse and just a handful of tthey peptides with NMOs, so it's tough to tough to predict. I think one of tthey advantages is and Don correct me if I'm wrong, one of tthey advantage is as we worked hard for some of ttheyse external guys and we solve a lot of riddles along tthey way. So if we do encounter ttheir in ottheyr programs moving forward we've got a lot of theirtory and knowledge and experience from tthey NMO piece under wraps already. So it's tough to predict but as I said a lot of intelligence has gone into ttheir so if it does come up again we should have some answers for it. Pooya Hemami And one final question about ttheir is that tthey [indiscernible] financing that was dedicated to tthey NMO program how was that going to be affected by ttheyse delays? Neil Warma I think as most people know we secured kind of a $5 million financing from a private investor last year and ttheir individual is really excited by tthey approach that Opexa was taking with tthey NMO program, again very novel targeting that you know selective targeting of that pathogenic T- cell and ttheyy were very intrigued with tthey model, haven't really seen ttheir before so we're supportive and stepped up and gave us that $5 million trancthey financing. You know tthey first trancthey we received with tthey execution of tthey agreement and tthey remainder of tthey trancthey come as we progress with preclinical milestones and clinical milestones. We have filed ttheir as well, we've recently gone back to tthey existing investor and amended tthey agreement to allow us flexibility around some of those timelines moving forward. So yes tthey investor still very supportive and very interested in what we're doing. Gave us flexibility around those four remaining end point to milestones that we had as part of that agreement. So that's in file with SEC, it's out ttheyre and if you want to a look but again we did -- well we did get extension of those milestones for an additional six months beyond what ttheyy were originally. So we're pleased with that and that's accidentally should bode well for tthey company. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Keay Nakae of Chardan. Please proceed with your question. Keay Nakae Just a question regarding tthey expenses in Q1, you’re expecting related to tthey restructuring, any furttheyr refinement of what those might look like? Neil Warma Sorry, say that again, any furttheyr refinement of what Keay? Keay Nakae  What tthey charges related to tthey restructuring will look like in Q1? Neil Warma Yes. I mean tthey charges restructuring we reported in tthey original press release. I believe ttheyy are around -- we had tthey severance around $350,000, $300,000 was tthey charge to tthey company for tthey severance and equal amount for tthey retention as well. So again tthey rationale is just back up a little bit, tthey rationale for tthey restructuring. As tthey activities and we mentioned ttheir earlier as well and it's probably not overly complicated and I think it was quite prudent as a company, response of tthey company as tthey trial winding down in a positive way and tthey number of tthey activities are completing. We felt it was fiscally kind of responsible of us to tear tthey burn as tthey activities wound down so we took a restructuring charge again that was minimal in tthey range of $300,000 and $345,000 -- $325,000 charge to tthey company. Tthey important aspect ttheyre was extending tthey runway out into Q1 of next year. So again it made sense winding down tthey activities to carry tthey individuals and maintain tthey burn, didn't really make sense from a financial perspective. So we restructured, laid out a number of folks, extended tthey runway into Q1 and I believe that restructuring charges is $325,000. Keay Nakae  Okay. And with respect to tthey Phase 2 study with last dosing having occurred, not that tthey study is autopilot but you know what's going to keep you up at night between now and tthey results? Neil Warma It's not on autopilot at all, just sitting theyre with me and smiling but it's I think a lot of people think I can found those, you’re kind of cruising now. Ttheyre are some things wtheyre you kind of wipe your brow and say that's tthey final doses is behind us and with dose and all tthey patients who are taken care of, ttheyre are still patient visits you know tthey final six months follow up from last [indiscernible] patients coming to tthey office for tthey final MRI and final visits and so ttheyre's a lot of work obviously that goes into dressing addressing any open issues at tthey sites and closing tthey sites, locking tthey database, cleaning tthey data, getting it in-house, analyzing, reporting it. You know as I said but now you’re thinking about all sorts of things and one thing that does come for me though is tthey terrific team we have theyre. You know very capable, very confident in assuring that all tthey steps get done and get done appropriately. We have superb, ttheir study could run in 35 centers across tthey U.S. and every single one of those sites have one enrolled patients which is terrific and almost unprecedented and so it's a superb group of sites we’re working with, great PIs, you know you saw tthey quote from Clyde Markowitz in tthey press release they's been so supportive of tthey product, they was in our previous study back wtheyn I joined tthey company a number of years ago and in tthey secondary progressive MS trial. So you’ve got some terrific PI study coordinators, tthey patients have been wonderful. So all that you know gives me a very positive feeling. Tthey team theyre to close down tthey data, we’re all encouraged, excited and you know we know what we saw in patients from previous studies wtheyttheyr it's a relapsing studies or even a secondary progressive MS patients, we prevented 80% of tthey previous patients we treated and patients we treated with secondary progressive MS previously 80% of ttheym showed no signs of disease progression. So we're really excited about tthey data as we get closer and closer, as I said ttheyre's always things going on in my mind theyre and ttheyre but as I said is I take a lot of comfort from tthey superb people we’ve inside Opexa, ttheyy are closing out tthey trial and we have tthey top MS sites in tthey U.S. and Canada running tthey site for us. Doug Arnold doing all tthey central reading on tthey MRI at McGill University. He is tthey top guy in tthey world for ttheir. So we're supported by a great cast. So I get a few winks every now and ttheyn. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Jason Kolbert of Maxim. Please proceed with your question, Mr. Kolbert. Jason Kolbert Wtheyn Keay was asking you what keeps you up at night. I think I have to answer that around brain atrophy. So can you talk a little bit about tthey potential for brain atrophy to be used as an approval end point in a pivotal trial and wtheyttheyr it would need to be combined with anottheyr measure like EDSS. Neil Warma Yes. I mean brain atrophy or maybe it's my own that keeps me awake but brain atrophy as an endpoint, yes it doesn't really keep me awake because I said we discussed ttheir a lot, you and I’ve discussed ttheir a lot, we discussed it internally, we discuss it with our scientific advisory board members as well a lot of tthey rationale for picking whole brain atrophy as tthey primary endpoint. As I mentioned in tthey script I mean important in tthey analysis in tthey top line analysis certainly will be tthey primary end point of whole brain atrophy but also coupled with disease progression EDSS we expanded tthey definition of EDSS we're looking at as well. So disease progression will be critical but whole brain atrophy is very important and very relevant as well and maybe Don you want to speak to patients kind of comment about whole brain atrophy and its relevance in MS like ttheir. Don Healey Obviously tthey understand of atrophy really just translate to tthey [indiscernible] event and ttheyre was actual loss of brain tissue, it had been used in tthey past tthey secondary progressive trials to be suggestive of an improvement downstream in progression. More and more is been learnt and applied from MRI techniques against showing more activity in grey matter and what was really perceived to be a normal appearing white matter, ttheyre's a lot more inflammatory activity in tthey degeneration and so more analysis is being done on tthey measurement of atrophy in relationship to progression. It's certainly been described and probably tthey strongest relationships are still been associated with [indiscernible] function as opposed to physical disability. So we think that tthey data from atrophy will translate to -- and be predictive of change in progression rates. Yes it's likely an assault and at least EDSS will probably remain tthey primary marker for clinical outcomes in tthey eyes of tthey FDA, although as you know companies like biogen have been looking at composite end points now essentially breaking down tthey key components within tthey EDSS to achieve a higtheyr resolution of [Technical Difficulty] for measuring disability. So those factors are always moving and as we move forward with our clinical studies and hopefully we will want to select tthey most sensitive tools for clinical benefit which may ultimately be a combination of an MRI end point as some sort of composite read on subsets of disability endpoints. Neil Warma I think we did obviously speak with tthey FDA about tthey reflection of ttheyse end points prior to initiating ttheyse study and ttheyy are supportive of using whole brain atrophy as tthey primary. I think one of tthey additional benefits theyre that it is a quantifiable end point and ttheir is an imaging end point that you look at literally tthey shrinkage of tthey brain over time from baseline 24  months. We have and we do know and tthey literature does suggest that ttheyre is a fairly consistent level of brain atrophy that occurs in tthey life of an MS patients roughly on average 0.5% per patient per year. So having a quantifiable endpoint again being assessed and evaluated by one central reader and that central reader being you know Dr. Arnold's group of Montreal which is tthey top of tthey world. I think also provides a little more -- I think it's tthey clarity having a quantifiable endpoint wtheyreas tthey EDSS can be sometimes very subjective so it's a combination of tthey quantifiable through atrophy and tthey very relevant EDSS scale that we look at both of those I think we will be very relevant moving forward, but a lot of discussion went into ttheir. We've seen a lot of companies looking atrophy as far as key primary or secondary endpoints in a MS trial. Jason Kolbert Can we talk a little bit about wtheyre you’re with Merck Serono particularly if you have good data. How much planning is Merck Serono executing now in terms of tthey pivotal study and how much discussions are you having with ttheym in terms of ttheyir ability to act and go forward with tthey pivotal study should you have good data. Help us understand kind of tthey timeline in terms of tthey relationship with Merck Serono. A - Neil Warma\ Yes we have been really just thrilled with tthey partnership and tthey relationship we've establittheyyd with Merck Serono over tthey past couple of years. I mean ttheyy are superb company to work with, ttheyy are very enthusiastic about tthey program ttheyy were since day one, so that certainly is exciting I think you know looking back to ttheyir motivation, ttheyir enthusiasm around it Phase 3 and what comes next, you know we only need to look at well last year debt kind of almost a year ago now wtheyn Merck Serono stepped up and gave us literally gave us an additional $3 million and ttheyre is no obligation for ttheym to do so and ttheyre was nothing really given ttheym return, it was  against tthey future milestone, it wasn't an equity investment. Ttheyy provided tthey $3 million payments in order to really bring tthey companies togettheyr to start planning and plotting for Phase 3 and both sides Opexa and Merck Serono were thinking like we know tthey data is going to be positive, we certainly hope we expect all are planning for success. So we better get atheyad of tthey curve and start thinking about how tthey Phase 3 study is going to look, how tthey manufacturing is going to look, is it U.S., Europe, Asia, how does that all plan out. So really tthey $3 million  is in part last year to get ttheym motivated, us motivated to get us around tthey table to form a joint steering committee and really do ttheir properly and start looking at you know what happens wtheyn tthey data comes out positively we don’t want to be starting a planning process from ttheyre, and we both realized that. So over tthey past year we have met, we have spoken we have prepared plans about how possible studies can look. Again we haven't really been specific as to how often we met and tthey nature of those discussions. But we do meet formally and we do have discussions with colleagues throughout Merck Serono from tthey very top to tthey ones who is conducting tthey regulatory and clinical and manufacturing. So it's really widespread throughout Merck Serono, ttheyy have maintained and I don't want to speak on ttheyir behalf by any means but ttheyy've maintained ttheyir commitment to MS. Ttheyy have one of tthey top selling drugs in tthey market [indiscernible]. Ttheyy've demonstrated ottheyr programs that ttheyy're interested in as far as MS, ttheyy came up publicly and said ttheyir primary focus is on secondary progressive MS and for clinical stage assets essentially tthey Opex asset is one of ttheyir top priorities in tthey MS pipeline. So as I’ve said we have had great discussions, great relationship, we’re continuing those discussions now. We’re all coming at it from planning for success so we can hit tthey ground running. Ttheyre's a lot of activities to be performed in setting out and preparing for Phase 3 study even wtheyn tthey data comes out, we make tthey decision, it's interesting if ttheyy do make tthey decision to exercise ttheyir options. Tthey first milestone payment for us would be a $25 million payment from Merck Serono, and that should we enter straight into a Phase 3 study which we would anticipate we would. So again a $25 million from Merck Serono upon exercising tthey option certainly bodes well for Opexa and from that point on as I said we will be racing to a Phase 3 start point, ttheyre is still a lot of stuff to be done before we get ttheyre. So we're not giving any expectations or guidance on that but suffice it to say that ttheyy're very enthusiastic, we're very enthusiastic, we're working togettheyr very closely with ttheym to try to plan tthey whole Phase 3 program and commercial program so we can be ready to hit tthey ground running wtheyn tthey data comes out. Jason Kolbert Just Dr. McCarthy asked me to ask you ttheir question, I promised them I would. He was really talking with me about a number of patients that will be required for tthey Phase 1/2 study for OPX-212, what tthey endpoints of tthey study might be and especially given tthey fact that I believe that's an open label study, is it possible that we could see data on a rolling basis from that trial? Thanks.  Neil Warma Again we will be kind of careful with tthey guidance theyre and say we’re obviously kind of not providing specific guidance but we have spoken about tthey with tthey NMO program and we have spoken about tthey trial design a little bit in tthey past Jason, and I think for us tthey way we’re thinking now and let's say we have got a little bit atheyad of us to get ttheyre first, but I think for us an open label study probably does make tthey most sense that’s wtheyre our theyads are now. We've talked with a couple of key opinion leaders and two very supportive KOLs are Dr. Ben Greenberg at UT Southwestern, [indiscernible] Dr. Johns Hopkins. So we have had some great advice from ttheym, we obviously are very close discussions with tthey Guthy-Jackson Foundation and getting patient insight into tthey trial design as well. Right now kind of as it stands we’re working on an open label design, you know dose escalation probably in two to three doses maybe five or six patients per dose. So not a large study, you know tthey $5 million funding that we kind of ring fenced so to speak from our investor should cover that Phase 1/2 study. So if you look in tthey range of 15 to 18 patients in total two or three different doses, open label study and I think one could imagine that as tthey data becomes available you know it could since it is an open label we could report or discuss that maybe batch it to have that first dose batctheyd and report on that we haven't really decided that level of detail but you know as ttheyre likely would not be in control. you know ttheyre wouldn’t be tthey blinding issue, so we might actually report on that as tthey patients move forward to that study, endpoints that we look at. Again going back to our successful animal study we reported on a few months ago looking at tthey reduction of those pathogenic T-cells I think that would be one of key end points that we would look at in tthey study. So reduction of pathogenic or AQP-4 reactive T-cells, again similar to what we demonstrated in animal model we probably look at time to relapse as well from a clinical angle. That's an important kind clinical read. Obviously with NMO tthey clinical end point is relapsed, it's similar to an MS patient if you will, only it tends to be far more active relapses in NMO patients. So looking at that clinical end point tthey Phase 1/2 study I think it would be reasonable as well. So time to relapse, but I think really focused on that biomarkers as well tthey reduction is those AQP-4 T-cells. So we have a lot of discussions and we have kind of -- obviously tthey advancing of Phase 1 study depends on you know nailing down ttheyse issues we’re having now. Getting tthey IND filed and getting it in front of tthey FDA again with tthey protocol and getting that all started but a lot of thought has gone into tthey clinical design already. Operator [Operator Instructions]. At ttheir time we have no furttheyr questions in tthey Q&A portion of tthey conference. I would now like to turn tthey conference back over to our Chief Executive Officer, Neil Warma for closing remarks. Neil Warma Thanks very much, Jim and thanks everybody for tthey excellent questions and listening to tthey earrings release. We're really, really excited obviously about ttheir year and tthey next few months how it rolls out and it could be really a pinnacle year for Opexa. We continue to be a leader in tthey development of personalizing immunottheyrapies for autoimmune disease. We have ttheyse important Phase 2b data expected in tthey near term. We've been prudent in tthey restructuring of tthey company's clinical activities associated with tthey Abili-T Trial wind down. So we feel we’re positioned with tthey strong potential partnership to advance tthey Tcelna close toward tthey market with successful data from tthey Phase 2b trial as well as we've discussed. So we're really drove really pleased to be at tthey forefront in developing ttheyse next generation ttheyrapies and we really look forward in advising you of our progress over tthey next several months as we get ready for an exciting year at Opexa. Thank you again for your interest in tthey company and for joining tthey call today. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time.