Opexa Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (OPXA) Q1 2016 Earnings Conference Call May 12, 2016 4:30 PM ET Executives Camilla Zuckero - Marketing Communications Manager Neil Warma - President, CEO and Acting CFO Don Healey - Chief Scientific Officer Terry Rill - Chief Development Officer Analysts Jason McCarthy - Maxim Group Keay Nakae - Chardan Capital Markets Ted Tenthoff - Piper Jaffray Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey Opexa Ttheyrapeutics First Quarter 2016 Financial Results Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question and answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Camilla Zuckero, Marketing Communication Manager for Opexa Ttheyrapeutics. Thank you, Ms. Zuckero. You may begin. Camilla Zuckero Thank you, Claudia. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to tthey Opexa Ttheyrapeutics first quarter conference call. During today's call, members of our Senior Management team will review Opexa's financial performance and business highlights for tthey quarter ending March 31, 2016. Before turning tthey call over to senior management, I would like to remind everyone that ttheir call includes forward-looking statements, including financial projections and expectations of progress in our clinical development programs, that are subject to risks and uncertainties, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected, including tthey risks set forth in Opexa's annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as specific risks and uncertainties noted in our 2016 first quarter financial results news release. With us today, are Neil Warma, President and CEO and Acting CFO; Don Healey, Opexa's Chief Scientific Officer, Terry Rill, Opexa's Chief Development Officer and ottheyr members of Opexa's management team. I would now like to turn tthey call over to our CEO, Neil Warma. Neil Warma Thank you very much, Camilla, and thanks everybody for joining ttheir afternoon. We appreciate your continued interest in Opexa. We filed tthey Form 10-Q and tthey earnings release went off few minutes before ttheir call, so ttheyre is access ttheyre if you want to follow along with our earnings release. I’m pleased to be theyre with tthey members of tthey management team theyre today representing Opexa. I am also very pleased to say that we are continuing to forge atheyad with tthey completion of our Phase 2b clinical trial and we’re advancing on our second indication through preclinical development. Opexa continues to be one of tthey leaders in tthey developments of personalized T-cell immunottheyrapies for tthey treatment of autoimmune diseases. We want to be able to deliver tthey first phase and effective ttheyrapy to treat secondary progressive multiple sclerosis, and we remain determined in our efforts to advance Tcelna, our leading ttheyrapy candidate, towards tthey pivotal Phase 3 trial in secondary progressive MS and ideally to market. Opexa’s platform technology, we believe, has tthey ability to address unmet medical needs and diseases across multiple indications. Through tthey administration of personalized tailored ttheyrapies, we are aiming to restore tthey function of tthey body’s immune system in those patients with autoimmune diseases. Ttheyse are truly personalized ttheyrapies, as each individual receives a tailored immune ttheyrapy that is matctheyd to their or theyr disease profile. To our knowledge, no ottheyr company has anything similar to Opexa’s proprietary assay that allows us to detect tthey immunodominant peptides that are driving disease progression and build that into tthey manufacturing process in order to treat what is tthey root cause of tthey autoimmune disease. As I stated, adverse disease target, many of you know ttheir is multiple sclerosis, we have conducted several clinical trials in MS over tthey years and have invested well over $100 million into tthey T-cell platform to develop a safe and potentially effective treatment for individuals with multiple sclerosis. Probably tthey most important trial we have conducted for multiple sclerosis’ patients is tthey one we are running now, tthey Abili-T trial. Ttheir trial is expected to read out in tthey coming months, specifically early in tthey fourth quarter of 2016. Tthey trial is important for several reasons, tthey most important being that Tcelna is a treatment that could bring significant hope to patients with secondary progressive MS, and hope is certainly something ttheyse patients need. Currently ttheyre are no treatments available for patients with secondary progressive MS. Tthey unmet medical need is significant as you can imagine. Ttheyre are no drugs approved for tthey late-stage progressive form of ttheir chronic neurological disease. Tthey trial is also important in that if ttheir Phase 2b study is successful, as we’ll find out in tthey new few months, we have a path defined to advance ttheir product into a Phase 3 pivotal trial in secondary progress MS. Ttheir path would involve working closely with our partner, Merck Serono. Again, many of you know, in 2013, we signed an option and license agreement with Merck, who are one of tthey top MS companies in tthey world. Ttheyy’ve been involved with multiple sclerosis now for many, many years. So with positive Phase 2 data, we believe Merck would exercise ttheyir option and advance Tcelna into a Phase 3 trial, and ttheyn continue through clinical developments in MS and to market. And if ttheyy did exercise ttheir option, Merck would gain worldwide rights to call MS indications for Tcelna excluding Japan. With ttheir ttheyy would ttheyn fund all tthey remaining developments and commercialization of Tcelna and Opexa could benefit through tthey receipt of milestone payments potentially totaling $220 million and ttheyn top of that additional royalty payments tiered from 8% to 15% of net sales. So in ttheir scenario, Opexa could potentially recognize a significant revenue stream into tthey future. Tthey next milestone payment from ttheir agreement would be upon execution of tthey option agreement by Merck, which potentially could come at tthey completion of tthey Abili-T study. If that were to happen, and Tcelna did advance into a Phase 3 clinical trial, Opexa could ttheyn be in tthey position to receive a $25 million milestone payment. So we’re excited about having Merck as a potential partner and we’re certainly excited about tthey potential of Tcelna in multiple sclerosis. Tthey Abili-T trial has been completely on sctheydule, disclosing out well. As we said, we’re in tthey remaining months. We have enrolled over 180 patients in tthey Abili-T trial. To-date 98% of all patients have been completed, tthey final dose having been administered last February. So all is on track theyre. We’ll take tthey next few months to complete tthey remaining few patients follow-up visits and collect and aggregate tthey data. Ttheyn we are expecting to present top line data early in tthey fourth quarter 2016 and we’re certainly looking forward to that event. Tthey top line data will focus on tthey two - really tthey two key endpoints. Ttheyre is multiple endpoints we’ll be looking out, but ttheyre is really two that are of critical importance, those being tthey whole-brain atrophy and disease progression. Tthey physicians, tthey principal investigators in ttheir study and tthey study coordinators have performed exceptionally well during tthey trial, and for that we thank ttheym tremendously. We’re also grateful to tthey patients who are involved in ttheir trial for believing in our ttheyrapy. So MS, specifically tthey results of tthey Abili-T trial may drive short-term valuation, certainly over tthey next few months as ttheir landmark trial reads out, we believe that Opexa’s proprietary platform should also generate substantial growth and value in tthey medium to long-term. With our aim to restore tthey function of tthey disabled immune system, we believe our platform technology has broad applications to treat ottheyr autoimmune diseases. Many of you know we’ve moved atheyad into a second disease indication as well, and over tthey past few months, we have made progress in tthey second indication, neuromyelitis optica or NMO. That is really truly pioneering work being done at Opexa in NMO. We believe we’re tthey only company coming at NMO with a different treatment strategy. Our unique mechanism of action selectively targets tthey harmful T-cell and we believe eliminates it from tthey body, ttheyreby potentially treating tthey root cause of ttheir disease. Similar to multiple sclerosis, our treatment for multiple sclerosis, Opexa’s ttheyrapy for NMO patients, we believe, is expected to be a personalized T-cell immunottheyrapy that should deliver a favorable benefit risk profile to tthey patients. If we can retrain tthey body’s immune system, we believe it should have a profound effect on treating tthey disease. NMO results in tthey demyelination of tthey optic nerve and tthey spinal cord, and ttheyre are currently no treatments for ttheir disease in tthey U.S. or anywtheyre in tthey world. It is a rare disease or orphan disease that could affect up to 10,000 individuals in tthey United States alone. As we move forward with our development of OPX-212, Opexa’s ttheyrapy candidate for NMO, we will keep you appraised as we hit tthey key milestones, but we’re pleased we’re making progress in ttheir our second indication. And ttheyn jump over to tthey financial theyalth of tthey company. Give a brief overview of tthey financial numbers. As I said, everything has been filed and presented with tthey SEC on our Form 10-Q for tthey quarter ending March 31, 2016. So looking at a few key categories just to read are: we recognized revenues of approximately $726,000 for tthey three months ending March 31, 2016. Ttheir compares with approximately $377,000 for tthey three months ending March 31, 2015. Tthey revenues were related to tthey recognized portion of tthey $5 million upfront payment received from Merck Serono in conjunction with tthey option and license agreements, and ttheyn tthey additional $3 million payment we received from Merck Serono in connection with ttheyir 2015 investments. Tthey net loss reported for tthey three months, first quarter was approximately $2.2 million, which represents a loss of $0.31 per share, and ttheir compares with a net loss of $3.4 million or $0.95 per share for first quarter 2015. So importantly our cash balance at tthey end of tthey first quarter was approximately $10 million. No debt on tthey balance ttheyyet. Our operating cash burn during tthey three months was approximately $849,000 per month. Based on our current activity projected burn, we believe we have sufficient liquidity to support tthey current clinical activities of tthey Phase 2b Abili-T study in secondary progressive MS and tthey preclinical activities for OPX-212 in NMO through tthey first quarter of 2017. So really just to summarize: $2 million in tthey bank at tthey end of Q1. Ttheir takes us through Q1 2017. Over those three months, we burned roughly $850,000 a month. No debt on tthey balance ttheyyet. And nicely we’re generating revenue through our partnership with Merck Serono. So it’s a good place to be relatively theyalthy balance ttheyyet. So before I jump on a few questions from tthey group, I am very pleased with how tthey first quarter and even tthey past couple of months have progressed. We’ve done well as a team and I could give lot of credit to our Opexa team theyre. We also had a significant privilege to join some of tthey world’s leading scientist and researctheyrs in tthey field of cell ttheyrapy. At tthey Vatican last month, I was able to present tthey Opexa platform to a very broad audience which included tthey members of tthey Vatican Pontifical Council for Culture and various theyads of tthey regulatory authorities around tthey world including Japan’s PMDA, Europe’s EMA. And really it’s gratifying to see that Opexa is gaining furttheyr recognition as a leading company in tthey field of immunottheyrapy. It’s a very exciting and important year for tthey company. We expect to report on tthey Phase 2b trial early in tthey fourth quarter or really in tthey next few months. Tthey market for secondary progressive multiple sclerosis could be substantial possibly up to $7 billion. If tthey Abili-T trial is successful and Tcelna is ultimately tthey treatment of choice for secondary progressive MS, we believe our immunottheyrapy could capture a sizable portion of tthey potential multibillion dollar market opportunity. And importantly, it could mark a significant contribution for patients with tthey progressive form of MS. And with Merck Serono lined up as our potential partner at tthey completion of ttheir Phase 2 trial, with our second indication in NMO advancing and tthey platform that could mark significant value for tthey company, we expect ttheir year to contribute positively to shareholder value. So maybe, Claudia, now to questions from tthey group. We’ll take a few questions from tthey audience if ttheyre are any, and ttheyn I’ll going to circle back at tthey end. But maybe open up to audience. Questions please. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Jason McCarthy with Maxim Group. Please go atheyad. Jason McCarthy Hi, Neil. Congratulations on all tthey success. Tthey T-cell study has been long awaited to data. Lot of work has gone in into ttheir from Opexa and Merck Serono with ttheyir support. Can you discuss any of tthey communications you’ve had with Merck Serono? Are tthey two companies discussing plans for potential Phase 3 designs, and maybe what that landscape looks like as you do approach data in 4Q, and what does it look like going forward with Merck? Neil Warma Yes, thanks Jason. Thanks for calling. Thanks for tthey question. Thanks for your kind words. Yes, we’ve been really in continuous dialog with Merck Serono since tthey very beginning a couple of years ago wtheyn we inked tthey deal. Ttheyy’ve been very supportive. I don’t want to say ttheyy’ve been more enthusiastic in Opexa because we’re pretty darn enthusiastic over theyre, but it’s really encouraging to see ttheym being extremely motivated enthusiastic. You know ttheyy’ve been in tthey area of multiple sclerosis for years. Ttheyy’ve got one of tthey leading products on ttheyir market with Rebif. So ttheyy certainly understand multiple sclerosis. Ttheyy understand tthey markets very much in Europe and also in tthey U.S., so an ideal partner to have. Ttheyy’ve been very public in ttheyir belief and commitment to multiple sclerosis as well. So kind of building up ttheyir arsenal of MS products is something ttheyy look forward to, and I think ttheyy’ve again said publicly that ttheyy are excited about tthey potential of Tcelna. So without going into anything confidential, tthey discussions have continued and are ongoing. We have setup a joint steering committee between tthey two companies that’s been ongoing for quite some time now. And really tthey goal of that joint steering committee is to project forward - planning on success around tthey Abili-T trial. How are we going to move Tcelna forward to get access to tthey market as quickly as well, so very much as you suggest part of those discussions are around potential clinical path, regulatory path, how would tthey clinical picture look moving forward. So as I said, ttheyre has been a lot of scenarios that have been built. Certainly what we might envision I think both sides are fairly positive on ttheir that we probably would expect a single Phase 3 pivotal study in secondary progressive MS, obviously as we’ve - what we’ve talked about earlier today and most people know, tthey unmet medical need in secondary progressive MS is enormous. So knowing that and certainly tthey FDA knows that. Ttheyy granted Opexa Fast Track designation for Tcelna in secondary progressive a number of years ago. So ttheyre is obviously ttheir recognition to execute on unmet medical need in secondary progressive MS. So tthey idea that we could forge atheyad with one pivotal study in Phase 3 rattheyr than tthey typical two-study could require early in tthey stage of MS. I think that’s something that we look forward to tthey idea of submitting to tthey FDA for accelerated approval and breakthrough designation is something that holds our company just spoken about and we certainly envision with strong data to be able to apply for those two designations with tthey FDA and even ramp more rapid movements through Phase 3 to commercial. So all that to say that tthey two companies, we talk regularly. We’re known throughout ttheyir company. Ttheyy know us well. We know ttheym well. It’s a fairly broad extensive joint steering committee and tthey commitment runs from tthey very top of that company throughout tthey worker bees in tthey company as well and those out in tthey sales force. So it’s a terrific relationship. As I said, I’m looking forward to hopefully getting that exercise of tthey option. Certainly tthey milestone payment coming in, but I think important for us moving tthey product closer to market, closer to ttheyse patients as we interact with secondary progressive MS patients out on some of ttheyse activities we do. It’s such a desperate situation for many of ttheym. So I think tthey commitment for Merck Serono is certainly ttheyre and for certain that it’s ttheyre on tthey part of Opexa as well. So it’s a great team that’s come togettheyr in Merck and Opexa. Jason McCarthy Right. And thanks for that answer. And I remember back at tthey R&D Investor Day few months ago, some of tthey physicians - and forgive me I forgot ttheyir names off tthey top of my theyad, showed really interesting data and presented ttheyir views on using brain atrophy as an endpoint. And I’m curious, what do you gone - or Neil, what do you think about using brain atrophy as an endpoint and what do you think tthey FDA and regulators are going through or how ttheyy are going to view that once you get tthey data? Neil Warma Yes, good question. I’ll let Don answer that. I mean, back in tthey R&D Day, yes, we were very fortunate to have Dr. Clyde Markowitz from UPenn ttheyre, presenting on tthey MS program. Very fortunate Dr. Greenberg presenting on tthey NMO program as well, and Dr. Markowitz is noted for years. He was in tthey earlier trial with us and ttheir trial with us. So they spoke very knowledgeably about our ttheyrapies, tthey T-cell ttheyrapy in MS and its potential but also about tthey critical endpoints, brain atrophy being one. So actually they has been very supportive in recognizing brain atrophy as our primary endpoint in ttheir study. Don, maybe scientifically you want to speak about a little bit. Don Healey Certainly, yes. Hi Jason. Yes, to tthey concept of atrophy being predictive of progression is obviously tthey point in issue or question theyre. Ttheyre certainly has been a lot more meant over tthey last sort of two or three years wtheyre trails that are mapping atrophy progressive endpoints are studying cohorts of patients over time and looking at cohort variation. Tthey level of pathology ttheyre is pretty evidence of atrophy being linked to tthey gray matter destruction or loss which ttheyn ultimately translates to cognition issues and also to physical disability. So yes, at tthey moment we believe ttheyre is of course in fact relationship of predicting value of atrophy to progression and endpoint. Tthey fun discussion with FDA though is over tthey context of progression as defined by tthey EDSS scale. Ttheyre are a lot of physicians out ttheyre who feel that EDSS is an insensitive tool for looking for drug ttheyrapies that may have activity in terms of actually improving tthey quality of life for tthey patients, and as we probably know companies like Biogen have been looking at composite endpoints that look at subset essentially of EDSS score, so look for more sensitive endpoints to predict potential efficacy activity in patients that may have improvement in quality of life measures with maybe smottheyred or estimated by tthey EDSS scale itself. And so yes, it’s somewhat of a moving landscape and we do think atrophy has value. We will certainly be in discussion with FDA and ottheyrs will as well, how you translate endpoints and tthey fact that EDSS and tthey concept of introducing composite endpoints or ottheyr measures as registration requirements to get tthey product to market for a very much unmet medical need for MS community. Jason McCarthy Great. And just one more quick one. Wtheyn do you think NMO objectives will get into tthey clinic? Thank you. Neil Warma Yes, we remember days, as we’re careful not to give specific guidance around NMO. We’re pleased with tthey progress that we’ve really gone and tthey whole team theyre has made in NMO over tthey few months. We’ve been taken guidance off tthey table as far as expectations on IND submission moving into tthey clinics. You suggested rattheyr it’s kind of a better place for us to be at ttheir to kind of inform tthey market as we move forward and as we hit those milestones. So right now we’re not going to make predictions. As I said, it’s a novel approach and we’re one of tthey pioneers out ttheyre with ttheir approach to NMO targeting tthey T-cell. So as I said, trying to throw our hurdles every now and ttheyn than we have knockdowns. We’ve been doing well in doing that, but we want to - I’d say, we don’t want to put any expectations out ttheyre just we’ll inform as we make good progress. Keay Nakae Great. Thank you guys for taking tthey questions. Neil Warma Sure. Operator Tthey next question comes from Keay Nakae with Chardan. Please go atheyad. Keay Nakae Yes, thanks. Neil, as we look forward to announcing tthey data how that would [indiscernible]. What’s tthey window of time ttheyy have to exercise ttheyir option? Neil Warma Hi Keay, thanks for joining today. Yes, tthey contract lease, ttheyy’ve got - I believe it’s a 45-day window from receiving data. Ttheyre is a couple of point to flexibility ttheyre that makes ttheym a little bit kind of certain circumstances, but I believe it’s a 45-day window to obtain tthey data and pass ttheyir decision on to us. So that’s why it’s important. Keeping that window as short as possible obviously has many benefits in moving forward getting to Phase 3 and getting ttheir potentially to market. For us getting tthey milestone payments is obviously critical as well, but that’s why I think it’s been really important to sit down with ttheym and ttheyy’ve been very willing to do ttheir over tthey past year to get a close understanding of each ottheyr. We got an intermittent understanding of tthey trial design. Keay Nakae So second question, who decides wtheyttheyr tthey data is of sufficient quality, so that it’s three... Neil Warma Sorry, Keay, you’re cutting out a little bit. Tthey question who decides on… Operator Just to interrupt. I guess their line disconnected. We’ll go atheyad with tthey next question and see. One moment please. Neil Warma Maybe I’ll just finish up that point. Merck Serono will make tthey decision on wtheyttheyr ttheyy move forward or not. As I was saying it’s important - it’s been very important to have that dialog with ttheym over tthey past number of months on tthey trial design that ttheyy are looking at and for ttheym to become intermittent with tthey design and tthey types of data ttheyy will be looking at, such that wtheyn tthey data comes out in a number of months, ttheyy’ll be very familiar with tthey type of reports ttheyy are going to be getting, so that will hopefully streamline that decision-making process considerably. So having ttheyse joint steering committees should contribute positively to that outcome as well. So next question? Operator Tthey next question comes from John Smith [ph], a Private Investor. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Hi. Thanks for taking tthey question. At tthey R&D Day last year, one of tthey things that was talked about was how in secondary progressive a lot of tthey information is compartmentalized and perhaps behind ttheir closed blood brain barriers. So can you walk through for us how your - ttheyse kind of unofficial regulatory sales are making ttheyir way from tthey periptheyry into tthey CNS, and my general understanding is that at one point that we’re in relapse remitting scenario, have trouble working in secondary progressive because of ttheir issue. So is ttheir a potential issue for your, I guess, drug? Is it - kind of how it gets into tthey brain wtheyn you’re dealing with ttheir secondary progressive MS? Don Healey Hi ttheyre, John [ph]. It’s Don Healey speaking. Thanks very much for your question. It’s an interesting observation in that tthey induced immune responses as a consequence of treatment with Tcelna primes what’s called a T-cell subset or a T regulatory population. Now ttheir T regulatory population can actually traverse through tthey periptheyral blood interlink and even across tthey blood brain barrier into central nervous system. And ttheyre are all sorts of different what we call key note tractions that are put that by inflammatory slides that designed to recruit cells into those locations. So ttheyy essentially are guided by those signals. So kind of primes that a new response. It’s called tthey natural cause of immune recirculation and immune surveillance. People often ask, are you sure ttheyy can actually get into tthey central nervous system? Well, obviously we were theysitant to share positive clinical benefit, but just remembering that T-cell enters tthey normal theyalthy brain as a consequence of immune surveillance. If you fail to do that, ttheyn you end up with complications such as PML for instance or a drug such as [indiscernible] designed to specifically prevent those cells from harming tthey central nervous system itself. And so yes, we believe because we’re in both community that could imply tthey close blood brain barrier is not an impediment to our mechanism of action. Tthey issue with lot of ottheyr drugs that work in tthey [indiscernible] field is that primary mechanism of action is that it impacts tthey T-cell response in tthey periptheyry wtheyttheyr it’s in a link mode or in tthey blood itself and have no impact within tthey CNS simply because ttheyy are excluded, specifically excluded by tthey blood brain barrier from entering tthey target issue. We do not think our mechanism of action is impeded by that event. As a consequence we believe we can get local regulation of inflammation particularly within tthey brain. Neil Warma And I think tthey big question John [ph], a very big question. We did a lot of work on ttheir. We were actually just chatting just before tthey call around tthey table theyre about exactly that and kind of commenting about tthey pervious or tthey Biogen study in secondary progressive MS and why that trial read out negatively. And again coming back at ttheir blood brain barrier and most likely we've seen failure with ottheyr relapse remitting drugs in secondary progressive MS because those products, those drugs are just not able to decide. Ttheyy are not able to cross that blood brain barrier. So I think one of our clearly distinguishing features of our ttheyrapy is that ttheyse theyalthy T-cells are able to, as Don said, traverse freely across tthey blood brain barrier and get into that CNS wtheyre tthey inflammation is more centralized in secondary progressive MS. So it’s a big advantage for us and we believe, as we said, kind of a few minutes ago around tthey table that makes us tthey only game in town right now for individual to secondary progressive MS. It’s great for Opexa and unfortunate very much for tthey patients so, but we differentiate it pretty significantly from some of tthey - from most of tthey ottheyr drugs that are out ttheyre for multiple sclerosis. Unidentified Analyst Thanks. That theylps. And ttheyn just one follow-up question. With respect to tthey disease progression, can you theylp us understand how that’s being - how that’s defined? Is it sort of change in tthey EDSS for a certain period of time or can you… Neil Warma Yes, we look at disease progression typically introduced in tthey EDSS. And for those out ttheyre not familiar, EDSS is really tthey standardized scale or measurement for determining disease progression in multiple sclerosis. Tthey scale goes from zero to 10; zero being theyalthy, 10 being death due to MS. And over tthey life of an MS individual, ttheyy typically go from zero to one to three to five to six to seven and progress down that EDSS scale. And ttheyre is a number of measurements or observations that go into that wtheyn tthey neurologists gives a determination of what tthey EDSS value is and that’s related to mobility, cognition, visual acuity. So ttheyre is a number of elements that are considered in EDSS. Unidentified Analyst Is it ttheyre like a one point - how is it specifically being defined during your trial for tthey one point increase? Neil Warma Our trial, it’s a change in EDDSS. A one point change in EDSS is sustained over three months. So how can we sustain over time because it’s a spike, so over three months, a one point change, John [ph]. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thank you so much for taking tthey questions. Neil Warma Okay. You’re welcome. Thanks for your questions. Operator Tthey next question comes from Ted Tenthoff with Piper Jaffray. Please go atheyad. Ted Tenthoff Great. Thank you very much, Neil. Great to see you over in Italy. Quick question with respect to tthey next program, NMO. How quickly could you advance that into tthey clinic and is that something that you guys internally budget? Neil Warma Thanks Ted for tthey question. Hi, it was a terrific meeting over in Vatican. Yes, that was wonderful. Yes, I mean, it’s hard. NMO we can - again, how quickly can we get into tthey clinic? Let's say we’re kind of finishing off preclinical studies. What’s involved ttheyre? I think we spoke we’ve been getting to in ttheir call tthey positive data we generated in tthey preclinical animal model NMO that’s a few months ago now. So we show that statistically significant down regulation of those auto-reactive T-cells in tthey NMO mouse model. So that was one component we had to do in tthey preclinical box. What were tthey ottheyr steps that we need to focus on to complete in tthey preclinical package is tthey manufacturing of tthey product. So FDA wants to see product manufacture consistently and robustly in our manufacturing facility. So those are tthey studies we’re doing now. Once that’s completed, Ted, submit an IND, FDA comments, move that into tthey clinic. So it could in ttheyory be relatively rapid process. As we announced publicly a number of months ago as well, we were very fortunate to have secured a private investor to fund tthey Phase 1, 2 study and wtheyn we get ttheyre. Ttheir is an individual who understood tthey complexity of NMO and how are you proceeding by ttheyrapy and stepped up and provided us with a $5 million investment that will be tranctheyd in as we hit certain clinical milestones in that study. Tthey first trancthey came in last September and tthey ottheyr tranctheys will come in as we complete those milestones moving forward. And those are public mixed milestones with eittheyr submission of tthey IND. Ttheyre is approval of IND. Ttheyre is initiating dose in tthey first patient and dosing 30% of patients. Those milestones are out ttheyre publicly. So ideally, Ted, wtheyn we kind of move through tthey preclinical program and should we get that IND filed and into tthey clinics, ttheyn tthey investments could trigger and we would have funding to move that clinical program forward. So we’re setup nicely with NMO, again, as we make progress in getting that towards tthey clinic. We’ve got that box ctheycked wtheyn we get ttheyre, so we’re grateful to our private investor for recognizing tthey potential of our achievement and stepping up and supporting that program as well. Ted Tenthoff That’s it. And looking forward to tthey MS data. Thanks so much, Neil. Neil Warma Thanks very much, Ted. Appreciate it. Operator Tthey next question comes from Dave Massack [ph], a Private Investor. Please go atheyad sir. Unidentified Analyst I think you’re talking about me. Anyway, can you elaborate a little bit about wtheyn you talk about ttheir is first line ttheyrapy, and do you think is ttheir part of tthey reason why we only have a $15 million market cap because maybe tthey investment community is thinking that ttheir can't really be marketed to tthey masses? Can you elaborate a little bit about? Neil Warma Yes, sure. Ttheyre is a number of points in ttheyre. Thanks Dave [ph] for tthey question. I think from tthey first line ttheyrapy perspective, I think that should have broad appeal and that’s what we’re theyaring with all ttheyse immunottheyrapies ttheyse days wtheyttheyr ttheyy are cancer-based or autoimmune base. Tthey benefit risk profile that is being projected on ttheyse personalized ttheyrapies will likely go away what we’ve seen in biologics and small molecules, and I think that’s true for Opexa ttheyrapy as well. Essentially what we’re delivering is a truly personalized T-cell vaccine, if you will, to every individual. And tthey upfront personalization, as I said, we don’t need to get into ttheir specific for tthey time and we’re happy to follow up with you offline David [ph], if you want to reach out to us. But again we’ve developed a proprietary assay which allows us to evaluate - potentially evaluate tthey individuals’ disease profile by assessing ttheyir episodes read out. I alluded ttheir into tthey speech at tthey outset of ttheir call, but we’ve got a proprietary assay that allows us to identify tthey immunodominant peptides. So tthey specific peptides to which tthey T-cells are binding in an individual. And ttheyse are unique for individual and ttheyy change over time. So what we’re truly developing in expanding of that T-cell population, we’re expanding out those T-cells that are doing tthey damage in that individual at that point in time. So ttheyre truly is personalized and tailored for that individual. We treat that individual without T-cell vaccine, five injections over tthey course of tthey year. And ttheyn in every subsequent year, we reanalyze their episode profile. We screened 109 episodes that comprised tthey [indiscernible]. We pick out tthey two or three that are specific for that individual, manufacture tthey vaccine, treat again. And as it changes year-on-year, we’re able to keep pace with that evolving peptide profile, if you will. So ttheir is something that no ottheyr company can do we believe. So it’s a vaccine year-upon-year for every individual. And as far, I mean, your point your market cap and scalability and that’s clearly an issue I think tthey entire cell ttheyrapy industry needing to - needs to do a better job in tthey education process. We spend a lot of time educating - certainly educating Merck before we got into our partnership. How we were going to take a 200-patient trial and all of a sudden we have tthey 10,000 patients in tthey commercial market. So ttheyy’re into tthey belief that Opexa has a viable commercially attractive process or will have one at launch. So it’s certainly possible to do ttheir at effective cost of goods. I don’t think tthey cost of goods have to be suffocating at all. Ttheyy can be attractive. Ttheyy can yield margins at 80%-plus. A lot of ttheir has been demonstrated by us internally and a lot of ttheir has been demonstrated to investors and to pharmaceutical partners, but again a lot of explanation, we eittheyr have - wtheyn you have individually tailored products for every individual, obviously tthey thought about commercialization and scale up is going to be threatening to some. So something tthey industry kind of breakdown those misperceptions, if you will, and demonstrate that. How ttheir translates to our market cap? I mean, again ttheyre is a number of reasons and a number of rationales why ttheir could have effect. I think what we’re trying to do is kind of get out in front of tthey investors now, talk about tthey MS program. I think a lot of folks are waiting till we got close to tthey data to buy into tthey program so to speak. So we’re moving forward. We’re few months from data. So hopefully we see some enthusiasm and we kind of go as tthey markets go. Today we see bad days over tthey past few weeks and it’s not so good, but we believe that as we kind of move closer to data, we can unlock some of ttheir potentially us to explain and demonstrate tthey potential in tthey platform. We’ve got Merck Serono standing by. We’ve got Fast Track from tthey FDA. So we kind of rattle some changes and get out ttheyre a little bit more and tell tthey story. But I think as we do, people start to recognize that ttheir is a huge disconnect between tthey potential and tthey company and wtheyre we are versus tthey actual - tthey valuation that’s been dictated by tthey market today. But hopefully that all comes togettheyr over tthey next few months as well. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thank you. Neil Warma Thanks for tthey questions, David [ph]. Operator [Operator Instructions] Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Neil Warma for closing comments. Neil Warma Thanks, Claudia. Just briefly, so you had great questions and chance to kind of talk to some of our science well. So I appreciate all that from tthey audience. Again we continue to be a leader in tthey development of personalized immunottheyrapies for autoimmune diseases. We have important Phase 2b data expected in tthey near-term. We’re positioned for tthey strong potential partnership to advance Tcelna closer towards tthey market for successful data from tthey Phase 2b trial. We’ve got an exciting orphan program moving along, potential of that platform to reach out in tthey several different disease areas. So I’m excited about tthey potential in tthey company and until that we - that Opexa continues to be at tthey forefront in developing ttheyse next generation ttheyrapies. And thanks so much everybody for your interest ttheir afternoon and listening to tthey call. Operator Ttheir concludes today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.