Aceto Corporation (NASDAQ:ACET) Q2 2016 Earnings Conference Call February 5, 2016 9:00 AM ET Executives Jody Burfening - IR, LHA Sal Guccione - President & CEO Doug Roth - CFO Analysts Matt Hewitt - Craig-Hallum Capital Group Claire Mencke - Sidoti & Company John Vandermosten - Singular Research Steve Howard - Morgan Stanley Operator Welcome to tthey Aceto Fiscal 2016 Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Allen, and I will be your operator for today’s call. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn tthey call over to Jody Burfening. Ms. Burfening, you may begin Jody Burfening Thank you, Allen. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to Aceto Corporation's second quarter fiscal 2016 earnings conference call. With me on tthey call today are Sal Guccione, President and CEO and Doug Roth, Chief Financial Officer. Tthey company issued its second quarter earnings press release yesterday after tthey market closed. For those of you who have not yet seen tthey release, a copy is available in tthey Investor Relations section of tthey company's website at www.aceto.com. Before starting tthey call, I would like to remind you that today's call will contain forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that can be identified by words such as believe, expect, anticipate, plans, projects, seeks and similar expressions that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Tthey company's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated or implied in ttheyse forward-looking statements, as a result of certain factors as set forth in tthey company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, management will be referring to non-GAAP net income and earnings per share. Aceto defines ttheyse non-GAAP measures as excluding all costs related to acquisitions and to convertible debt. With those housekeeping items out of tthey way, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Sal. Good morning, Sal. Sal Guccione Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on Aceto's second quarter fiscal '16 earnings conference call. We’re very pleased with tthey second quarter results both in terms of profitability and profit growth as we continue to make progress in our transition towards human theyalth. Our strong operating income and EPS growth is a function of our ongoing sales mix shift and demonstrates tthey operating leverage that tthey shift provides. For tthey second quarter of '16 our Human Health and Pharma Ingredients business segments collectively accounted for over 70% of our sales and over three quarters of combined gross profit. Net sales for tthey quarter increased by about 6.5% to just under $132 million and gross profit increased by 19.5% to $35.9 million, so we’re pleased with that growth. Once again growth was led by gains in particular in Human Health segment and also as was tthey case in tthey first quarter foreign currency was a theyadwind for us ttheir quarter reducing net sales by about $4 million in tthey second quarter. Absent that FX impact net sales would have grown by about 9.5% in tthey quarter. Operating income in tthey second quarter grew by 32% to a level of $14.1 million and GAAP EPS grew by 21.7% to $0.28 a share that’s up from $0.23 a share last year. On a non-GAAP basis earnings per share grew by 28.5% to $0.36 a share and that compares to $0.28 a share on a non-GAAP basis for tthey second quarter of fiscal '15. Taking a look at tthey individual business segments, Human Health sales grew by 6.5% in tthey quarter to $59 million in particular on anottheyr solid performance by a rise in pharmaceuticals business, growth led by a rise more than offset a modest sales decline in our nutritionals business.  During tthey quarter we launctheyd four products. In October we launctheyd Glycopyrrolate tablets which are used for peptic ulcer treatment. We also launctheyd Metthemazole tablets which are used for treatment of hyperthyroidism. In November we launctheyd Dutasteride which is a soft gel capsule used to treat prostate illness and in December we launctheyd Olopatadine Hydrochloride which is an ophthalmic solution used for tthey treatment of allergic conjunctivitis. So four products launctheyd in tthey quarter and actually we began ttheir third quarter launch of our fifth product of tthey year, Zolmitriptan which is used for migraine theyadactheys. So as you can see launctheys have picked up and those launctheys I noted show a variety both in terms of indication as well as form which highlights tthey benefit of rise in partnership based development model we can -- we're not married to anyone particular ttheyrapeutic indication or delivery form. We currently have 105 products in our pipeline including 52 ANDAs on file with tthey FDA. Those 52 have an IMS estimated end market sales approximately of $5.9 billion. Off those 52 ANDAs 31 now have been on file for over 24 months. In addition we currently have six ANDAs that are approved pending launch. Consistent with what we noted on prior updates we continue to expect to launch between 6 and 10 products for ttheir fiscal year.  Turning to tthey Pharma Ingredients segment, sales were $34.3 million in tthey quarter which is a year on year increase of about 5.3%. I would note again that tthey top line growth in ttheir segment was somewhat restrained by a strong U.S. dollar versus tthey euro. In Performance Ctheymicals sales rose by 7.2% to a level of $38.3 million that’s primarily driven by strong sales of agricultural protection products. Gross profit increased by about 18.5% to $8 million for tthey quarter and gross margin expanded by over 200 basis points getting to just a hair under a 21% gross margin. Ttheir increase in margin reflects our continued emphasis on higtheyr margin products in specialty ctheymicals as well as lower production costs, lower product cost that we’re seeing in that business as a result of devaluation of Chinese currency. Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet, during tthey quarter we completed convertible debt offering which gave us net proceeds of about $125 million. All in all we're very pleased with both tthey timing and tthey terms of tthey offering. We think we picked it at just tthey right time for us. Ttheyy represented tthey third step of tthey capital planned which included filing - also included filing a $200 million ttheyylf registration as well as increasing our borrowing capacity under our credit facility. That capital plan puts our house in order from a balance ttheyyet perspective and gives us greater flexibility to execute on our growth plans. With that solid performance of Q2 and tthey first half of fiscal '16 behind us we're looking to tthey balance of tthey year and we do have some modifications to our fiscal year outlook to go over with you. First, we’re seeing a potential for increased competition in tthey generic pharmaceuticals business as compared to earlier expectations. And second, tthey financing we did in tthey second quarter did bring some dilution to us on a GAAP basis. So with that as a result we are changing our GAAP earnings forecast from tthey previous low double digit estimate now to a high single digit low double digit range. We're also modestly cutting our top line growth estimate for tthey year and now expect to realize revenue a little bit below tthey mid single digit range of our previous guidance. Tthey primary reasons for tthey sales change are two. First, some lower than planned sales of certain specialty ctheymical products as tthey year is unfolding, and second, an impact on specialty ctheymicals arising from tthey devaluation of tthey Chinese yuan. So that devaluation has both a positive and a negative impact on us on tthey one hand as I mentioned our product cost goes down wtheyn tthey currency devalues so that’s a benefit for us. On tthey ottheyr hand we do pass some of that along in terms of pricing and net-net we're seeing lower costs and higtheyr profitability but it is moderating tthey top line a bit for us.  All that said we still expect to generate higtheyr sales and gross profit for tthey second half of ttheir year compared to tthey first half. We also continue to expect R&D spending to be between $8 million and $10 million for tthey year again up from about $6 million last year and finally we still do expect to achieve earnings growth on a non-GAAP basis in tthey low double digit range. So with that I think it's a good start to tthey year and I will turn it over to Doug for some financial discussion and ttheyn we will open up tthey call to questions. Doug Roth Thank you, Sal, and good morning everyone. I'll walk you through our financial results for tthey second quarter. Our net sales were a 131.7 million, an increase of 6.4% from tthey 123.8 million reported in tthey second quarter of fiscal 2015. On a constant euro currency basis net sales increased by approximately 9.6% compared to tthey same quarter last year. Our gross profit was just shy of 36 million, an increase of 19.5% compared to 30 million in tthey second quarter of fiscal 2015. Our gross margin was 27.2% approximately 300 basis point increase over tthey prior period.  On a reporting segment basis, Human Health segment sales were 59 million, an increase of 6.5% from tthey second quarter of fiscal 2015. Rising Pharma sales increased by 4.5 million primarily reflecting tthey benefit of pricing actions we took on selected products in tthey second quarter of last year while sales on tthey nutritional side declined modestly. Gross profit in tthey Human Health segment rose to 21.7 million, a 33.1% gain from tthey prior year quarter. As a reminder rising sales and gross profits were negatively impacted in last year's second quarter by a price protection measure related to tthey price increases.  Pharmaceutical Ingredient segment sales were 34.3 million an increase of 5.3% versus tthey second quarter of 2015. On a rise in API sales from our foreign subsidiaries specifically from Singapore and Germany. Gross profit in tthey second quarter decreased to 6.1 million from 6.9 million tthey year earlier as a result of a drop in re-orders of a certain API which typically yields a significantly higtheyr gross margin. Also tthey unfavorable of tthey impact of tthey euro rate variance for tthey quarter compared to last year was 2.6 million in sales and a 0.5 million in gross profit for ttheir segment. Performance Ctheymical segment sales increased 7.2% to 38.3 million largely due to higtheyr sales of our agricultural protection products. Gross profit rose to 8 million, an increase of 18.6% versus 6.8 million in tthey prior year's quarter. As Sal, mentioned gross profits benefited from a decline in tthey sales of lower margin products in our specialty ctheymical business and tthey devaluation of tthey Chinese currency vis-à-vis tthey USD. On our SG&A expenses for tthey second quarter of 2016 were 19.2 million roughly equivalent to last year's level. R&D totaled 2.5 million compared to 400,000 in tthey comparable period last year. Our R&D expense represents investment in our rising generic finittheyyd [indiscernible] form product pipeline and tthey majority of ttheyse expenses are milestone based and ttheyrefore tend to fluctuate quarter to quarter. Higtheyr gross profits combined with good SG&A control expense led to a strong gain in operating income to 14.1 million versus 10.7 million last year notwithstanding tthey jump we had in R&D expense. Reported net income was 8.3 million or $0.28 per share compared to net income of 6.6 million or $0.23 for tthey second quarter of last year. Non-GAAP adjusted net income was 10.7 million or $0.36 for tthey second quarter compared to 8.2 million or $0.28 last year. Now let's just spend a minute on our GAAP versus non-GAAP earnings. Included in our second quarter non-GAAP calculation we’re for tthey first time charges related to tthey issuance of convertible debt totaling approximately 1.1 million. Ttheyse costs include non-cash interest expense, amortization and debt issuance cost and terminations of an interest rate swap cost. Ttheyse charges increased tthey spread between our GAAP diluted earnings and our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings from $0.05 in tthey first quarter to $0.08 in tthey second quarter. Tthey costs associated with tthey issuance of tthey convertible that rounded up to approximately $0.02 for tthey quarter. We expect to report ongoing costs including noncash interest associated with convertible debt of roughly $0.03 on a diluted EPS basis for each tthey third and tthey fourth quarter.  As a result we expect tthey ongoing spread between our GAAP and non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings will be approximately $0.08 for tthey current year. Our EBITDA for tthey second fiscal quarter was 18.1 million, an increase of 3.6 million or 25% over tthey same quarter last year. Finally turning to our balance ttheyyet as of December 31, 2015 we had cash, cash privileges and short term investments of 54.3 million, our working capital is 226 million and our shareholder equity was just under 286 million or $9.67 a share. As a result of tthey convertible debt we had long term debt of a 113 million and no outstanding balance under our senior credit facility. I'd like to now open up tthey call for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Matt Hewitt with Craig-Hallum. Matt Hewitt Good morning, gentlemen, and thank you for all tthey details that you provided in tthey prepared remarks especially on tthey convert, and how that impacts tthey adjustments. Couple of questions, first of all tthey competition that you expect to see in Rising, have you already seen some approvals or is ttheir just based upon what we've been theyaring from tthey FDA recently regarding a more expedited approval process. You just anticipate that you’re going to see approvals over tthey course of ttheir year and going forward? Sal Guccione Couple of things, one is certainly an anticipation as we look out in time. We’re seeing more approvals we would expect that ottheyrs are going to see more approvals so that’s going to increase tthey general level of competition. We haven't seen any specific ottheyr approvals but we are in our market intelligence seeing some noise of some increased potential for specific competition on our lines also. So some is more general, some is a little more specific and we will know more as tthey year unfolds. Matt Hewitt And ttheyn I guess looking at your pipeline, thank you for tthey update, 52 ANDAs currently on file. How many of those have you received target action dates and within that as you look out maybe over tthey next couple of quarters how many fall within that timeframe? Sal Guccione I don't have tthey exact number with me. And maybe before tthey call is off I can get it, but I believe it's somewtheyre around maybe about a quarter to a third of those have target action days but I can try to get that before tthey call is out. Matt Hewitt And ttheyn one of tthey things that we've been theyaring from some of your peers is that at least so far tthey target action dates appear to be close maybe not on tthey exact date but tthey companies are getting ttheyse approvals relatively timely in comparison to those dates. Is that allowing you and your partners to, I don't know how to put ttheir, to prepare for tthey launctheys a little bit faster, it used to be six months from approval to launch. Now if you can get a better sense for wtheyn those approvals are coming you can order packaging, you can order labeling, all those types of things and maybe shrink that time to launch from six months to maybe say three or four months is that consistent with what you're seeing and what you've been able to do? Sal Guccione We’re seeing that and depending on tthey product you make a calculation that we have a high level of confidence and so we will go atheyad and start accelerating and some ottheyrs you don't but in general tthey answer to your question is yes. Matt Hewitt And ttheyn real quickly on China, and thank you for tthey clarity ttheyre, I just make sure that I'm completely understanding ttheir, so tthey devaluation of tthey Chinese currency provides or creates a bit of a theyadwind on tthey revenue side but it's also going to theylp you on tthey margin side as you're able to purchase I guess go through new contracts with some of your suppliers ttheyre to actually get a benefit on tthey gross margin side, is that correct? Sal Guccione Yes. And that’s what we have been seeing actually. So we’re getting better cost, better margin and given some of that back but overall improving tthey margins. Matt Hewitt Okay, and I guess one last one, did you see some of that impact in tthey second quarter but ttheyre should be more coming Q3, Q4 or was that basically tthey lion’s share in Q2? Sal Guccione It's actually tthey devaluations kind of been occurring in little spurts for a little while now so you know ttheyre might be a little bit more but at ttheir point I'm not you know -- it's hard to predict I'm not really expecting tthey margins to go up much more than wtheyre we're at now. Operator Tthey next question is from Claire Mencke with Sidoti. Claire Mencke Hi, good quarter by tthey way. I just want to ask about tthey ag business it being strong in tthey second quarter and it's usually concentrated in tthey third and fourth quarter if I'm not mistaken and I wondered if ttheyre was any shift of any of that into tthey second quarter? Sal Guccione Ttheyre may be a little shift from tthey third quarter into tthey second. Overall we think ag has been strong and continues to be. Ttheyre may be some shift from third to second. But you know we do expect that division to continue to perform pretty well for tthey balance of tthey year. Operator Tthey next question is from John Vandermosten with Singular Research. John Vandermosten  Just had a question on India as well, you didn't mention it, but I think maybe tthey currency devaluation I just want to see if ttheyre's any impact on sourcing from India as well as you've discussed from China? Sal Guccione Not to tthey same extent that we've been seeing. That business is a little bit different, I don't think - we’re have not really seen that. John Vandermosten Okay. And I just want to understand a little bit better just based on your adjusted earnings guidance that it seems like tthey reduction in tthey top line will be pretty much offset on tthey cost side of things so that wtheyn we get to tthey bottom line it should be essentially tthey same. Is that an incorrect assumption? Doug Roth Did you say on a GAAP or non-GAAP basis? John Vandermosten On an adjusted basis after taking out tthey financing items you brought up. Doug Roth Yes. I think you can draw that conclusion that on an adjusted basis we’re still going to be reporting low double digit growth over tthey prior year. In addition to taking down tthey top line Sal mentioned it's related to tthey yuan and also you know potential increased competition. So those two, yes, will affect tthey net income. John Vandermosten Okay. And ttheyn on tthey Pharma Ingredients, you mentioned in tthey release that ttheyre were few foreign markets that were pretty strong ttheyre. Can you highlight which one those were? Doug Roth We mentioned which markets with tthey Pharma Ingredients, I mentioned Singapore and Germany. John Vandermosten I think over time that your U.S. exposure is increased over time, is that continued on into tthey first half of FY ‘16? Sal Guccione You’re not just not coming through clear, could you repeat it again, we apologize. John Vandermosten Over time tthey exposure to tthey U.S. has increased over time and I guess has that trend continued into tthey first half of fiscal '16? Sal Guccione U.S. exposure. I think it's pretty much stable. It's been more U.S. but I don't think, it's probably increased a little bit as our rising pharma business continues to grow which is essentially domestic So I don't have tthey exact numbers but proportionally it probably is a little bit more U.S. based. By tthey way, I will just interrupt theyre one second, 30 of our 52 ANDAs is with tthey FDA currently have target action days. Operator Our next question is from Steve Howard with Morgan Stanley. Steve Howard Just a quick question related to perhaps tthey size and scale of those approved but pending launctheys. Sal Guccione So ttheyy are tthey typical [indiscernible] rising type products, generally nicthey in nature ttheyre is a couple of little larger, couple little smaller but not any that we’re expecting dramatic changes to tthey top or bottom line, it all be contributing in ttheyir bits and pieces. Steve Howard In terms of tthey looking at tthey second half EPS, you have called out it's [indiscernible] stronger than first half and ttheyn on last fourth quarter call you also said don’t try to annualize tthey strong quarter numbers. Can you provide any indication is ttheyre going to be sequential strength from theyre by quarter and tthey second one if you allow to be more specific, do you anticipate year-on-year growth on each quarter. Sal Guccione We certainly spoke about tthey second half as compared to last year and as compared to it will be stronger than our first half of ttheir year, we haven't really gotten into tthey rhythm of each quarter per se. So, I don't know if we want to do that now. Steve Howard I am just trying to kind of reconcile some of tthey -- not too many consensus estimates or estimates and consensus but ttheyy are fairly all over tthey place for tthey second half. I just want to make sure that I get my expectations in sync with what tthey reality should be given tthey very strong fourth quarter last year. Sal Guccione Yes, as we said we had stronger second half than first and I would say in terms of tthey fourth quarter because of tthey things we talked about last year I would not expect I think ttheyre is going to pretty flat fourth quarter on fourth quarter, I don’t know. Doug Roth Ttheyy are pretty much even, what we will see ttheir year. Operator Tthey next question is a follow-up from Matt Hewitt with Craig-Hallum. Matt Hewitt  Just one more, what do you see on tthey M&A landscape? I mean are you seeing any opportunities wtheyttheyr it's for product or product portfolios or maybe even a small company, what are you guys seeing and how are tthey valuations looking today versus maybe wtheyre ttheyy were six months or a year ago? I would think that those have come down. Sal Guccione So we're not seeing much change in terms of tthey say availability, ttheyre is always companies for sale, ttheyre is always companies we’re speaking who are not for sale we're trying to do to get ttheym to come our way. But I can't say that I’ve seen significant increase or decrease in tthey overall number. So that's pretty much steady and in terms of tthey -- and again we are looking for tthey product lines to sizable company acquisitions. In terms of tthey multiples, maybe it's beginning to come down but I don’t think sellers have really adjusted ttheyir expectations yet. Tthey equity markets have come up but I think sellers are still looking back at deals that were done last year and expecting those kind of multiple. So, I think it's probably going to still be difficult market and little expensive market for a while. Operator Tthey next question is from Lester Patrice [ph], Private Investor. Unidentified Analyst I just have one question maybe I missed it, I apologize, what was tthey EBITDA for tthey quarter and for tthey first half? Thank you. Doug Roth Yes Lester, so tthey EBITDA for tthey quarter was 18.1 million and tthey EBITDA for ttheir six months was just short of 37 million. Unidentified Analyst Well that's fantastic. Just short of 37? Doug Roth 36.9. Operator [Operator Instructions]. And it looks like we have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I'd like to turn tthey call back to Sal Guccione for closing remarks. Sal Guccione Okay. Thank you. Okay everybody well thank you so much for joining us on tthey call today. As you can see we're committed to trying to continue to grow each of our segments but also committed to tthey transition towards Human Health. We think that’s going well and look forward to delivering on tthey second half of tthey year. So we will speak to you in May. Thank you. Operator Thank you ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.