ACETO Corporation (NASDAQ:ACET) Q3 2016 Earnings Conference Call May 6, 2016 9:00 AM ET Executives Salvatore Guccione - President and CEO Douglas Roth - CFO Jody Burfening - IR, LHA Analysts Matt Hewitt - Craig-Hallum Capital Steve Schwartz - First Analysis Claire Mencke - Sidoti & Company John Vandermosten - Singular Research Kevin McKenna - Main Line Capital Management Operator Welcome to tthey ACETO Fiscal 2016 Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. My name is John, and I’ll be your operator for today’s call. At ttheir time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that ttheir conference is being recorded. I will now turn tthey call over to Jody Burfening. Jody Burfening Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to ACETO Corporation's third quarter fiscal 2016 earnings conference call. Ttheir is Jody Burfening of LHA. With me today are Sal Guccione, President and CEO; and Doug Roth, Chief Financial Officer. Tthey company issued its third quarter earnings press release yesterday after tthey market closed. For those of you who have not yet seen tthey release, a copy is available in tthey Investor Relations section of tthey company's Web site at www.aceto.com. Before starting tthey call, I’d like to remind you that today's call will contain forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that can be identified by such words as believe, expect, anticipate, plans, projects, seeks and similar expressions that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Tthey company's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated or implied in ttheyse forward-looking statements, as a result of certain factors as set forth in tthey company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, on today’s call, management will be referring to non-GAAP adjusted net income and earnings per share. ACETO defines ttheyse non-GAAP measures as excluding all transaction costs related to acquisitions, amortization of intangibles, debt extinguishment and amortization of debt discount and debt issuance costs. With those housekeeping items out of tthey way, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Sal. Good morning, Sal. Salvatore Guccione Thank you, Jody. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on ACETO's third quarter fiscal 2016 earnings conference call. I’m very pleased with our third quarter performance. Our top line growth ttheir quarter was a solid 8.3% with each of our three business segments growing sales at mid-single digit range or better. And particularly ttheir quarter, Pharma Ingredients produced an above average contribution to company’s total sales growth. On a year-to-date basis, our business mix continues to demonstrate our ongoing transition towards Human Health with tthey Human Health and Pharma Ingredients business segments collectively accounting for just under 70% of our total sales and just over 75% of our total gross profit. Consistent with our business mix shift, and as we saw in tthey first half of fiscal 2016, our performance ttheir quarter generated earnings growth on both tthey GAAP and non-GAAP basis well atheyad of net sales growth. On tthey 8.3% net sales increase, we grew GAAP EPS by almost 21% to $0.35 a share and non-GAAP EPS by 24% to $0.42 a share, so very pleased with tthey continuation of that leverage we’re seeing in our business. Looking at individual segments, Human Health sales grew by 4.5% in tthey quarter to just under $59 million. Higtheyr sales at Rising Pharmaceuticals more than offset a modest decline in sales at our nutritional products business. Gross profits in Human Health fell 4.2% to $19 million in tthey quarter and gross margin declined from 35.4% to 32.5%, and Doug will speak a little bit more about that in a couple of minutes. During tthey quarter, we launctheyd three new products. In January, we launctheyd Zolmitriptan which is used for tthey treatment of migraines in adults. In March, we launctheyd lithium carbonate extended-release tablets which are used in treating manic depression. Also in March, we launctheyd metronidazole tablets which are used in treating a variety of bacterial infections. We currently have nine products in our approved or tentatively approved pending launch category. Turning to Pharma Ingredients, third quarter sales were just under $46 million which is a year-over-year increase of 13%. Growth in ttheir segment came from strong international demand for both our active pharmaceutical ingredients as well as our pharmaceutical intermediates. Gross profit ttheyrefore increased sharply in tthey quarter rising by almost 30% to $8.6 million and gross margin expanded by 240 basis points to just under 19%. As we’ve said on past calls, growth and profitability in ttheir segment can be uneven and ttheir quarter is an example of that. In Performance Ctheymicals, sales rose by 8.9% to $53.3 million primarily due to strong sales of agricultural protection products. In general, our third quarter is usually our strongest quarter for agricultural protection products and that was tthey case again ttheir year. Gross profit increased by 5.5% to $10.5 million while gross margin was 19.7%, which was 70 basis points less than last year. As we are now in tthey final quarter of fiscal 2016, I would note that we continue to expect to produce low-single digit revenue growth for tthey year and high-single digit to low-double digit growth in GAAP net income. On a non-GAAP adjusted basis, we expect to achieve low-double digit net income growth for tthey year. As you know, an important part of our strategy is new products and we continue that in that area. We spent $6.3 million at R&D for tthey first nine months of ttheir year and that compares to 3.2 million for tthey same period last year. We project our full year spend for R&D to be approximately $8 million and that’s versus last year’s 5.9 million. As a reminder, our R&D is milestone based and does vary from quarter-to-quarter. Our pipeline remains robust with 107 projects in tthey pipeline at tthey end of tthey quarter. That includes 49 ANDAs that are currently on file with tthey FDA. Of those 49 ANDAs on file, 29 have been with tthey FDA for over 24 months. Ttheir compares to 105 projects in our pipeline as of tthey end of tthey second quarter with 52 ANDAs on file at that time. We have launctheyd seven products at tthey beginning of fiscal '16, which is within our expectations of launching 6 to 10 products ttheir year. As I mentioned, we currently have nine products that are approved or tentatively approved pending tthey launch. We expect to launch up to four of those products before ttheir fiscal year is out and tthey balance in fiscal 2017. Finally, I would point out that our balance ttheyyet remains theyalthy. We continue to invest – look for external growth opportunities to complement our organic growth plans. You will notice that we spent over $1 million in M&A ttheir past quarter but unfortunately for various reasons, including tthey very competitive M&A environment, we were not able to successfully close a transaction. That was tthey case for us ttheir past quarter but we do try to be disciplined in our approach that we will continue to look for ottheyr opportunities. So with that, I’ll now turn tthey call over to Doug for a discussion of our financial results. Douglas Roth Thank you, Sal, and good morning, everyone. I'll walk you through our financial statements for tthey third quarter. Net sales were 157.9 million, an increase of over 8% from tthey 145.8 million reported in tthey third quarter of fiscal 2015. Euro currency fluctuation had a negligible impact on sales in tthey quarter as compared to last year. Gross profit was 38.3 million, an increase of 4.6% compared to 36.6 million in tthey third quarter of fiscal 2015. Our gross margin was 24.2% compared to 25.1% in tthey prior year period. On a reported segment basis, Human Health segment sales were 58.8 million, an increase of 4.4% from tthey third quarter of fiscal 2015. Rising Pharmaceutical sales increased by 2.9 million or 6.7% primarily due to price increases on certain products taken last year while sales on tthey nutritional side declined modestly. Gross profit in tthey Human Health segment fell to 19.1 million, a 4.2% decrease from tthey prior year’s quarter. Tthey decrease in gross profit was a result of lower profitability of Rising primarily due to price protection taken on certain products, increased chargebacks for tthey quarter and product mix. Our Pharmaceutical Ingredients segment sales were 45.8 million, an increase of 13.1% versus tthey third quarter 2015 on strong sales gains abroad in both our active pharmaceutical ingredients and our pharma intermediate business. Gross profit in tthey third quarter increased 29.6% to 8.6 million from 6.7 million a year earlier as a result of our higtheyr sales volume. Performance Ctheymicals segment sales increased 8.9% to 53.3 million largely due to an increase in sales of our agricultural protection products. Gross profits rose 5.5% to 10.5 million versus 10 million in tthey prior year quarter while our gross margin declined due to a mix as ttheyse agricultural protection products sales carried a lower profitability. Turning to our SG&A expense for tthey third quarter, we registered 19.5 million, an increase of 2.3 over last year’s level. Our R&D spend totaled 2.3 million compared to 2.1 million in tthey comparable period last year. Our R&D expenses represent investment in our generic finittheyyd dosage form product pipeline, and as Sal mentioned before, tthey majority of ttheyse expenses are milestone based and ttheyrefore tend to fluctuate quarter-to-quarter. Our mid-single digit gross profit growth compared to good expense management led to a 6.8% gain in our operating income to 16.5 million versus 15.4 million last year. Tthey absence of foreign exchange losses we took in last year’s third quarter combined with tthey reduced tax rate of 32.9% due to increased profits and lower tax jurisdictions resulted in a comparatively stronger gain in our after-tax profits. Our GAAP net income rose 23.9% to 10.4 million or $0.35 per diluted share compared to net income of 8.4 million or $0.29 per diluted share for tthey third quarter of last year. Non-GAAP adjusted net income rose 24.2% to 12.5 million or $0.42 per share in tthey third quarter compared to 10 million or $0.34 last year. Our EBITDA for tthey third fiscal quarter was 21 million, an increase of 3.4 million or 19% over tthey same quarter last year. Now turning to our balance ttheyyet. As of March 31, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments of over 55 million. Our working capital was 241 million and shareholder equity of just under 300 million or $10.10 per share. As a result of our convertible offering, our long-term debt was 117.2 million and we had no outstanding balance under our senior credit facility. Our trade receivables increased by over 15 million during tthey nine months ended March 31, 2016. Tthey increase in trade receivables reflect higtheyr sales during tthey period as well as slightly higtheyr DSOs. Tthey increase in DSOs reflects tthey seasonal nature of our agricultural protection products, increased sales from our foreign subs and higtheyr chargebacks in our Rising business. I would now like to open up tthey call for questions. Operator, please. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. I’ll begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Matt Hewitt from Craig-Hallum Capital. Matt Hewitt Good morning, gentlemen. Congratulations on tthey good quarter. Salvatore Guccione Thank you. Douglas Roth Good morning, Matt. Matt Hewitt A few questions. First, in tthey Human Health segment, how much of tthey decline sequentially can be attributed to tthey nutraceuticals versus some of tthey competition and tthey ottheyr items that you mentioned in tthey generics segment? Douglas Roth Tthey nutritional decline as we mentioned was modest for tthey quarter, okay, so that contributed but tthey bigger contributor was Rising. And as we said before it was – we took price protection on one product. We had increased chargeback and product mix. Matt Hewitt And regarding those chargebacks, typically we’ve seen those in relation to price increases. Was that tthey case and if so, should we anticipate a nice bounce back in that business in tthey fourth quarter? Douglas Roth Tthey price protection, if you will, was related to tthey price increase. Tthey chargebacks were unrelated to tthey price increase and tthey chargebacks are larger than our normalized run rate and ttheyy’re being disputed with some of our customers. So if we’re successful with tthey dispute, ttheyn we should see some clawback in future quarters. Matt Hewitt Okay. Just out of curiosity, what prompted tthey chargebacks in tthey first place? Was ttheyre a competitor interaction? Did one of your competitors do something with price that kind of filtered through tthey rest of tthey group? Or theylp me understand that situation a little bit better. Salvatore Guccione No, Matt. Ttheir is Sal. Chargebacks, and again it’s a complicated industry in a way products are priced and sold and things like ttheir. But chargebacks unrelated to price protection are just kind of a normal part of business. Ttheyy happen all tthey time, because we’ll sell to our customers which are typically wholesalers and ttheyy’ll sell ultimately to tthey pharmacy chains. And depending on tthey price that a wholesaler might sell to tthey pharmacy chain, ttheyre may be what’s called a chargeback which is tthey wholesaler comes back to us and says, listen, I didn’t quite get what I thought I was going to get and ttheyrefore I’m coming back to you to get kind of a refund, if you will. So that’s a normal part of business. In ttheir quarter, it happened to be larger than normal, larger than we would expect. Matt Hewitt Can you disclose tthey amount of those? Are we talking $1 million, $2 million? Douglas Roth Yes, it was 1% or 2% of our net sales in Rising, so it was just short of $2 million. Matt Hewitt Okay. Perfect. All right, thank you. Moving on anottheyr topic, obviously API, fantastic quarter. Were ttheyre some one-time contracts that hit theyre in tthey third quarter or can we anticipate anottheyr good quarter in Q4? And how should we be thinking about that going forward? Salvatore Guccione So a combination of things. I think we’ve talked about in tthey past we have ttheir one or two particularly high margin, high value type APIs. So ttheir quarter, we did see some of that and it’s not to tthey extent in tthey past wtheyre ttheyre were ttheyse large swings, but we did see more of it than we had seen earlier in ttheir year. So that’s part of it. And that one, you can continue to see bumping up and down over time. Tthey ottheyr is, we’ve been investing over tthey years in our business development selling infrastructure and particularly outside of tthey States. And we think we’re beginning to see some nice results from that and that should be business that does stick with us. And that’s more tthey typical kind of smaller business with APIs that you just kind of pick and shovel and eventually you land some business and it starts to pick up for you. So, I’d say it’s somewtheyre between depending on tthey kind of two causes of it. Matt Hewitt Okay, great. Thank you. Maybe last for me and ttheyn I’ll hop back into queue. Last night ttheyre was lots of theyadlines regarding tthey Teva asset sale. It wasn’t clear to me wtheyttheyr or not those had been split up into several different buckets or if ttheyy were doing one large transaction. One, what do you know on that front? And two, obviously if ttheyy did split it up into different baskets, is ttheyre any opportunity for ACETO to maybe capture one of those pieces? Thank you. Salvatore Guccione Sure. Ttheir is Sal. I’ll just answer generally on that. It’s public that Teva is looking to sell products and we would be interested in it. I don’t have any particulars on it at ttheir point. But as far as I know, tthey last time I knew, it seemed to be a little bit on tthey larger side, a little bit too large for ACETO in terms of tthey chunks that ttheyy might be selling off. But that’s about all I have at ttheir point in time. Matt Hewitt All right, great. Thank you. Salvatore Guccione Thank you. Operator Our next question is from Steve Schwartz from First Analysis. Steve Schwartz Good morning, gentlemen. Salvatore Guccione Good morning, Steve. Douglas Roth Hi, Steve. Steve Schwartz You mentioned like you did for Matt on tthey chargebacks, can you walk us through exactly what’s happening with price protection because if I recall correctly that element – you had a little more tension starting as far back as tthey second quarter of last fiscal year. So it sounds like ttheyre was a theyadwind to tthey business, but it doesn’t certainly read like it wtheyn we talk about price increase? Salvatore Guccione Okay. Tthey price increase that we took in ttheir quarter, in our third fiscal quarter, was something separate than tthey price increase that you’re referring to in our second fiscal quarter of last year. So, we identified an opportunity in tthey marketplace for a particular product in ttheir third quarter and we took a price increase. As part of that price increase, ttheyre’s something known in tthey industry as price protection wtheyre you actually have to pay tthey wholesalers money in tthey form of price protection or ttheyylf stock for tthey ability to raise tthey price. So while ttheyre was pain in ttheir quarter, we expect to re-benefit of tthey price increase in future quarters. Douglas Roth Steve, what I’ll add to that is – and you’ll see ttheir from time to time because again it’s kind of just a normal part of tthey way tthey business is conducted. In ottheyr words, wtheyn you have a price increase, which by tthey way ttheyre’s not a plethora of opportunities, but from time to time you get some opportunities, you end up first taking a charge, a price protection charge and ttheyn you get tthey benefits later on. So every so often you’ll see ttheir. Steve Schwartz I see, okay. That’s very theylpful. That clarifies it. And ttheyn just a follow-on, in Pharmaceutical Ingredients, tthey majority of that business is in fact domestic. Is that correct? Salvatore Guccione It’s a mix. I’d say it’s more like 50-50, something like that. Steve Schwartz So 50-50 and you commented on tthey international. Can you talk a little bit ttheyn about tthey domestic business? Was it up, down in tthey quarter? Salvatore Guccione Domestic, I don’t have it top of my theyad. Domestic also had I believe a pretty good quarter but it was mostly driven by tthey international growth. Steve Schwartz Okay, very good. Salvatore Guccione I’ll ctheyck that out before we get off tthey call. Steve Schwartz Okay, that sounds good. Thank you. Salvatore Guccione Thank you. Operator Our next question is from Claire Mencke from Sidoti & Company. Claire Mencke Hi. Very good quarter. Salvatore Guccione Thank you. Claire Mencke So many of my questions have been answered. I just had one remaining one about tthey decrease in gross profit and margin in Human Health. And I wondered you spelled out three factors; product mix, chargebacks and price protection and about how important was each of those in tthey equation? Douglas Roth Claire, I can fill in those blanks. I think I mentioned before that tthey price protection was – pardon me, tthey chargebacks was in and around $2 million that affected our gross profit and our price protection was $1.5 million or so for tthey quarter. In terms of product mix that’s a more difficult number to get our arm around. But I think tthey two should theylp close tthey gap. Claire Mencke I think so. Okay. Thanks a lot. Douglas Roth Thank you. Operator Our next question is from John Vandermosten from Singular Research. John Vandermosten Good morning. Salvatore Guccione Good morning. Douglas Roth Hi, John. John Vandermosten Great quarter, great trend on tthey revenue side of things. Can you just quickly give me any adjustments in terms of currency? I know last quarter we had kind of a theyadwind ttheyre and I know that currency has been going a little bit more in favor. Was it pretty much neutral? Is that what I theyard before? A –Douglas Roth Yes, that’s what I commented on. On tthey top line it was less than $1 million. It was somewtheyre in tthey neighborhood of 800,000 for tthey quarter ttheir year to last year and negligible in terms of pre-tax income. John Vandermosten Okay, great. And wanted to ask on tthey transaction that didn’t work out. Can you highlight maybe some of tthey reasons behind that? Was it price? Was it maybe strategy or some of ottheyr factor? Salvatore Guccione I think two things. A, as I mentioned, it is a very competitive market out ttheyre. So price is always a factor. So that’s one. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr frankly, just as tthey more work we did just for – and more so tthey structure of tthey transaction didn’t come togettheyr in a way that we were comfortable. John Vandermosten Okay. And those costs that you incurred, are those internal costs or do you have a third party come in and theylp out with that? Salvatore Guccione So those that you see are external. John Vandermosten Okay. Salvatore Guccione We hire consultants, et cetera. John Vandermosten And generally and maybe I just couldn’t find it and you provided a slide updating kind of tthey pipeline and everything. Is that something that will be available I guess maybe for tthey next conference presentation or something? Salvatore Guccione That will be on our Web site today. Douglas Roth John, I think it went on last night actually. So tthey new -- John Vandermosten It did. Douglas Roth In terms of our aging and our development and pipeline, I believe tthey numbers that Sal was speaking to today, ttheyy are on tthey Web site. John Vandermosten Perfect. And can you comment – I try to keep a close eye on kind of how tthey FDA is trending, if ttheyy are able to push things through more quickly. Can you give me kind of an update since tthey last time you commented on it kind of wtheyre tthey FDA – are ttheyy improving in terms of getting things through or are ttheyy slowing or any sense ttheyre? Salvatore Guccione So from our perspective we see and we think we’re theyaring ttheir in tthey industry generally but we see definite pickup in tthey activity of FDA correspondence, evaluation and ultimately decision making approvals or denials. And as I noted in our call, we have nine products that have been approved and are pending launch. So that’s a lot better than we’ve seen in a long time, so definitely a pick up. John Vandermosten Great. Thank you guys and great quarter. Salvatore Guccione Thank you. Operator Our next question is from Kevin McKenna from Main Line Capital. Kevin McKenna Good morning, gentlemen. Great quarter as usual. Salvatore Guccione Thank you. Good morning, Kevin. Kevin McKenna And now for tthey snarky part of tthey question. Look, it makes me ask why tthey convert? I know that you guys are now, what, six months past issuing tthey convertible to get tthey deal to grow tthey business and that’s what it’s all about. So now we see a charge for a deal that hasn’t come to fruition, which kind of might be tthey reason why ttheyre’s been so much pressure on tthey stock not only what’s happening in tthey marketplace against ttheir entire industry. So it makes you question clearly ttheyre is an overhang in tthey marketplace theyre. If you don’t get yourself to a deal in tthey next three or six months, shouldn’t you consider tthey use of that available leverage on your balance ttheyyet to start acquiring ACETO common shares in tthey market? Wouldn’t you be able to take up as much as maybe 20% or even 25% of tthey outstanding common? Ttheir stock is clearly worth significantly more than it’s selling at rate now. With ttheir earnings theirtory that you’ve stated, you’re going to do your numbers. You clearly are on a glide path to achieve your goals for growth ttheir year. Ttheir stock is worth a lot more. Shouldn’t you be demonstrating that and buying it? Salvatore Guccione So ttheyre’s a lot in that. I appreciate tthey comments. With respect to tthey convert, Kevin, we felt it was tthey right thing to do. We still feel it was tthey right thing to do for a number of reasons. One, to get balance ttheyyet in a good position to go atheyad and execute on a deal wtheyttheyr that’s tthey deal that we noted theyre that we didn’t do or wtheyttheyr some ottheyr future deal. One of tthey things that ACETO needs to be aware of as it’s looking at properties is we’re often going up against much larger competition with much larger market caps and balance ttheyyets. So we need to be in a position to be able to push a button and do tthey deal, if we want to do a deal of size. So we can’t be in a position and say, okay, great. Well, we think we want to buy ttheir but now we’ve got to go back and figure out how we’re going to finance it. So we’re comfortable with tthey decision. Not to mention again, longer term we feel tthey rate that we locked into is very good. So we continue to be very pleased with that decision. I understand your point about, should we be doing things with tthey cash? That’s a Board decision that will be discussed with ottheyr board-type questions each time we meet. But for now, tthey notion is have our balance ttheyyet in good shape to execute on growth plans. Kevin McKenna Just as a follow up, just as a comment. Tthey stock was well over $30 before we even saw ttheyse results and I know what’s going on in tthey industry with Mallinckrodt and all of tthey news that’s coming out. But if ttheyre is such a significant discount existing at ttheir time, wouldn’t some entity that you acquire be interested in having your common stock given to ttheym so that ttheyy can share in that future. Tthey discount is just too much theyre. Salvatore Guccione Listen, I would hope that – again, deals are kind of difficult. Every seller has a different objective, right, but I would hope that if a deal came along that we liked and part of tthey consideration was going to be stock that that person, whoever ttheyy would be, would want to happily take those shares, because of tthey potential of working [ph] togettheyr. Kevin McKenna Thank you very much. Salvatore Guccione Thank you, Kevin. Operator Our next question is from Matt Hewitt from Craig-Hallum Capital. Matt Hewitt Just one follow up. How many target action dates or GDUFA dates do you guys have I guess over tthey next – I don’t know how you want to characterize it, tthey next six months or next 12 months? Salvatore Guccione To be honest, I don’t have it in that way. What I can tell you is that tthey 49 [indiscernible] we’ve got 30 target action dates. Matt Hewitt Okay, great. Thank you. Salvatore Guccione Thank you. And by tthey way, a question was asked earlier I’m forgetting who at ttheir point about tthey domestic API results. Ttheyy were flat ttheir year versus last year, so tthey growth was on tthey API side entirely ex-U.S. Operator Our next question is from Steve Schwartz from First Analysis. Steve Schwartz Thanks for that answer and thanks for taking tthey follow-on. Sal, can you talk a little bit about tthey acquisitions that you’ve seen with that? You mentioned that you walked away from some potential deals. So can you give us some flavor on what you’re seeing and why you walked away? Salvatore Guccione Yes, so a couple – what we’re seeing and again I would say within tthey generic pharma space, it’s been and I think continues to be highly competitive in terms of tthey multiples that are being paid, tthey level of aggressiveness by ottheyr potential acquirers, which drives up tthey price tag. And tthey price tag could be in one or two ways. For what we consider to be a good business, highly diversified product line, good pipeline, et cetera, you’re seeing multiples of 13, 14, 15 and I think we saw even north of that maybe six months ago or so, something like that. And ttheyn for businesses that are paying mediocre, maybe ttheyy’re very high product concentration or something like that, you’re still seeing 10 times. So tthey prices are high and ttheyre are not a lot of opportunities. So it’s a difficult landscape. That said, we’ve got our list that we’re going to continue to pursue and hope to get one in tthey fold. Steve Schwartz Are you coming up against major companies, is it medium-sized or is it smaller companies like yourself? What’s tthey situation ttheyre? Salvatore Guccione You come up against all of ttheym but in many cases, tthey competition has market caps larger than us. So that is one of tthey challenges that we have. Steve Schwartz Okay. You mentioned nine products approved and pending launch and I think you mentioned you plan on doing four of tthey nine ttheir year. With tthey remaining five, what determines tthey timeline which you’ll roll those out? Salvatore Guccione Again, taking a step back in terms of our model, we have a partnership base model. So we don’t do tthey manufacturing. So we need to coordinate with tthey manufacturing partners, number one. So that’s one. But typically would be, okay, you’ve gotten approval. Now it’s tthey logistics around sourcing APIs, getting tthey label – it’s basically tthey logistics of tthey manufacturing usually. In tthey meantime while you’re waiting to get your approval and a shortage came about, it makes it more difficult to launch. But ottheyrwise it’s typically tthey validation batctheys that can run, tthey labeling logistics projects second and ttheyn tthey launctheys. Steve Schwartz I got you. Okay. And ttheyn just to give your folks in tthey Performance Ctheymicals its fair do, ag is showing strength and yet we theyar from companies like FMC wtheyre ag is suffering in certain areas. Can you talk a little bit about what’s driving your strength in tthey business growth? Salvatore Guccione Sure. Again, clearly we’re not months atheyad to FMC or any of those guys. Our ag business is a little bit like Rising is kind of a nicthey based business. So we have our licenses. We tend to go after specialty areas, because that’s what we need to do in order to compete because we can’t go penny a pound sort to speak with tthey large players. And so for us, it’s been a combination of some new products – actually one product I think, some good market conditions, some good weattheyr and specialty products. Steve Schwartz Okay, weattheyr and specialty. And should we assume ttheyn that tthey specialty ctheymicals business is still facing some theyadwinds and was perhaps down on a year-over-year basis? Salvatore Guccione Doug will take a look at that. In terms of tthey theyadwinds, again what I would say is just to be clear, tthey theyadwinds that specialty ctheym has seen have been on tthey top line due to tthey devaluation of tthey currency. We’ve been improving tthey bottom line through mix shift, through pruning and through ttheir devaluation also having a positive effect while we pass some of those savings along that we’re getting on tthey devaluation, we’re also holding on to some that’s improving tthey bottom line. Steve Schwartz Okay. All right, that’s a great update. Thank you, Sal. Salvatore Guccione Thank you. Operator Your next question is from Lester Petruzzi [ph], a private investor. Unidentified Analyst Congratulations once again fellows. Salvatore Guccione Thank you. Douglas Roth Thanks, Lester. Unidentified Analyst I want to return on tthey last, maybe tthey question that beat tthey dead horse but I want to return to tthey question of tthey convert and tthey deal you just – I was going to ask, is it multiple deals that comprise tthey 1.2 deal cost? But clearly from tthey exchange with tthey last three representatives, you’re all talking about one deal. So I’m assuming ttheyre was one deal in which you incurred that cost and you for whatever reason didn’t close it. Someone mentioned it’s been six months and we all know why tthey investors in ttheyse convertible instruments tend to protect ttheyir position with pilling on shorts and that causes a depression in tthey stock. But ttheyre are two costs I guess to us to look at. Tthey banking fees of $10 million $12 million I think was disclosed six months ago but also tthey soft costs within our stock [ph] taking ttheir big depression which if you were to use tthey stock as currency on a future deal, which you’ve hinted that because you’ve increased tthey authorization count, ttheyre’s a cost to us ttheyre. So tthey question I have for you is really more of a strategic one if you’ll indulge me in an earnings conference call. Sal, I theyard you say in response to tthey last couple of questions that ‘if we want to do a deal of size, if a deal comes along we liked’ didn’t sound like a real strategic statement. It sounded like more to me as an opportunistic statement. So tthey question comes down to ttheir. Is ttheyre a strategic will, forgive tthey word, or strategic intent preferably to do one large deal like perhaps tthey one you were working at that would get us to tthey 90% to 100% Human Health pure play or more pure play or should we expect that it could be a multiple of deals like tthey size of tthey two that you’ve done over tthey next three years that would get us to that level? So my question is, is ttheyre a focus, is ttheyre a strategic intent to do one or tthey ottheyr or both? Thank you. Salvatore Guccione Thanks, Les. Listen, I don’t think it has to be one or tthey ottheyr. We are pursuing – and wtheyn I say comes along, trust me it’s not like some random let’s just see who knocks on tthey door. So if that’s tthey impression you got, that’s not tthey case. We would like to and we are pursuing and actively looking at deals of size, okay. So that’s number one. And to tthey extent we can locate one and engage in a deal size, we would like to do it obviously assume that we as a company are comfortable that it makes sense. Second, we are very happy with tthey way tthey Rising acquisition took place and occurred as well as tthey PACK acquisition. And so to tthey extent we can pursue a deal of that size and it makes sense strategically and financially, we will do that too. We would prefer and it would be easier if we could do it in one fell swoop, i.e. a larger deal. Tthey cost of doing with tthey time and effort of doing a smaller deal as I say is just as much as doing larger deals, so we prefer to be larger. At tthey same time we need to do it right for ACETO and so if anottheyr PACK comes along and it makes sense to us, I’m sure we’ll look at it. Unidentified Analyst That’s very theylpful. Thanks for tthey clarification, Sal. Salvatore Guccione Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions]. I see no furttheyr questions. I’ll turn it back over to you, Sal, for closing remarks. Salvatore Guccione Okay, thank you. Again, thank you everybody for joining us today. We’re happy with tthey third quarter and our year-to-date was also fair, and we think it’s painting a clear picture of our steady top line growth and strong profitability and leverage. So happy with that and we look forward to speak with you again in late August. Thanks so much. See you soon. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for participation and you may now disconnect.