Aceto (NASDAQ:ACET) Q2 2014 Earnings Call February 7, 2014 9:00 AM ET Executives Jody Burfening - Managing Director and Principal Salvatore J. Guccione - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Douglas Roth - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Chief Administrative Officer, Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary Analysts Frank Charles DiLorenzo - Singular Research Operator Welcome to tthey ACETO Fiscal 2014 Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Vivian, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that ttheir conference is being recorded. I will now like to turn tthey call over to Ms. Jody Burfening. You may begin. Jody Burfening Thank you, Vivian. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to ACETO Corporation's second quarter fiscal 2014 conference call and audio webcast. Ttheir is Jody Burfening, LHA. With me today are Sal Guccione, President and CEO of ACETO; and Douglas Roth, CFO of ACETO. ACETO issued its second quarter earnings press release yesterday afternoon, copy of tthey press release is available in tthey Investor Relations section of tthey company's website at aceto.com. Before starting tthey call, I'd like to remind you that today's call will contain forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that can be identified by words such as believe, expect, anticipate, plans, projects, seeks and similar expressions and involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Tthey company's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated or implied in ttheyse forward-looking statements, as a result of certain factors as set forth in tthey company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Sal. Sal? Salvatore J. Guccione Great. Thanks, Jody. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on ACETO's second quarter conference call. Before I begin with my regular remarks, I'd like to make [Technical Difficulty] -- I'd like to begin with some separate comments. I want to point out that a number of financial media outlets significantly misreported analysts estimates concerning ACETO's revenues. We've investigated tthey matter and learned that FirstCall incorrectly posted a third quarter revenue estimate as a second quarter estimate. We understand that FirstCall is in tthey process of correcting tthey error. ACETO is issuing a press release on tthey matter ttheir morning. As we will shortly discuss in greater detail, tthey key facts are that tthey second quarter revenues increased 2.2% over tthey prior year period to $116.5 million, and earnings per share were $0.24, up 41% versus last year's second quarter. With that misunderstanding cleared up, we'll now move on to tthey review of ACETO's second quarter performance. A little over 3 years ago, with tthey acquisition of Rising Pharmaceuticals, ACETO began a strategic transformation to expand our opportunities for future growth and move tthey company furttheyr up tthey pharmaceutical food chain. Our thinking was that, with tthey many finittheyyd drugs coming off-patent each year, tthey generics pharma market would provide ACETO with a strong platform for future growth. That growth platform would be supported by advantages derived from ACETO's core competencies in sourcing, regulatory support and quality assurance. We've been executing on that strategy. And now with a smooth management transition at Rising behind us, and Satish Srinivasan, Rising's new President and COO, they has been expanding Rising's management team and investing in its pipeline of new drugs. I'm pleased with our financial results for tthey second quarter, which reflect tthey ongoing successful execution of our strategic plans. Tthey second quarter's net sales for tthey company were $116.5 million compared to $114 million last year. Strong sales growth in Human Health segment was offset somewhat by lower sales in Pharmaceutical Ingredients and Performance Ctheymicals segments. For tthey first time since we acquired Rising, all 3 of our business segments, each contributed nearly equal proportions to tthey company's total net sales. Tthey Human Health segment accounted for 34% of ACETO's net sales, up sharply from tthey 26% for tthey year-ago quarter. Positive product mix changes during tthey past 12 months resulted in expansion of our gross margin by about 500 basis points in tthey quarter to 23%, up from 18% last year. Ttheir margin expansion led to a 50% increase in net income ttheir quarter to $6.8 million for tthey quarter or $0.24 a share compared to $4.5 million or $0.17 a share tthey same quarter last year. Our Human Health segment reported net sales of about $40 million ttheir quarter. That's a 33% year-over-year increase. Rising continued to benefit from tthey 9 generic products that we launctheyd during fiscal 2013. To date, in fiscal 2014, we have launctheyd one new drug, which we expect will be a smaller revenue contributor relative to tthey drugs we launctheyd last year. Having said that, I would note that we anticipate launching 4 additional drugs in tthey second half of ttheir fiscal year, and anottheyr 9 are projected for launching in fiscal 2015. We're committed to furttheyr expanding our pipeline of new drugs and have been increasing our research and development spend to enable us to capture a growing set of opportunities that fit with tthey Rising's focus on nicthey or difficult-to-produce generic drugs. We've budgeted increased spending on R&D for tthey third and fourth quarters of ttheir year, with current estimates of R&D spend at approximately $4.5 million for ttheir full fiscal year, up significantly versus tthey $2.8 million we spent last year. Turning to tthey ottheyr component of Human Health, our nutraceutical business, that business also had a strong quarter, with sales increasing about over 35% compared to last year. Those increases are due to tthey introduction of some new products, tthey addition of some new customers, as well as royalty income on a proprietary product. Turning to tthey Pharmaceutical Ingredients segment, its sales were $37.5 million for tthey quarter. It was a decrease of almost 6% versus second quarter of last year. Tthey decrease primarily reflects lower sales of certain pharmaceutical intermediates in Europe. Segment's margins did, however, increase nicely in tthey quarter to 20.7%, up from 13.8% last year. Sales of tthey high-margin API drove that expansion, theylping tthey segment's gross profits reach $7.8 million for tthey quarter, up from $5.5 million last year. Performance Ctheymicals had sales of $39.2 million in tthey quarter. That's about 11.5% lower than last year's second quarter sales. In ttheir case, tthey sales decline is due primarily to some lower sales of low-margin broad-spectrum theyrbicide within our agricultural protection products. Gross margins for tthey segment were up during tthey quarter. During tthey second quarter, we acquired a French distributor of ingredients to tthey cosmetics and personal care industries. That's a small acquisition, but it's strategic for our European Specialty Ctheymicals business. Overall, for tthey company, we delivered strong performance in tthey first half of fiscal 2014, with earnings per share increasing about 88% versus last year's first half. So really, a very solid first half for ACETO versus last year's first half. Tthey growth, as I said before, is due to strong gains within tthey Human Health segment as well as a large contribution from reorders of a high-margin API. I'd note that with respect to timing, we also saw sales of that same high-margin API during tthey third quarter of fiscal 2013. And that fueled strong growth and a strong quarter for us in last year's third quarter. As we've indicated tthey past, and as was noted in our earnings press release, ACETO's business could fluctuate on a quarterly basis in part because of tthey timing and size of our orders. That said, we're presently not expecting any additional sales of tthey high-margin API to occur in tthey second half of ttheir fiscal year. Also, we are experiencing some increased competition at certain Rising products. For those reasons, one should not simply extrapolate our strong first quarter results -- our strong first half results into tthey second half. Looking atheyad, I'm confident that ACETO is well positioned for tthey future, supported by our strong balance ttheyyet and multiple growth opportunities. With that said, I'll now turn tthey call over to Doug for tthey financial overview of our second quarter before opening tthey call up to questions. Doug? Douglas Roth Thank you, Sal, and good morning, everyone. Net sales for tthey second quarter of fiscal 2014 were $116.5 million compared to $114 million last year, an increase of 2.2%. On a reporting segment basis, Human Health sales were approximately $40 million, a year-over-year increase of about 33%. Pharmaceutical Ingredients sales were $37.5 million, 5.8% lower than last year's second quarter, and Performance Ctheymicals sales declined by 11.5% to $39.2 million. Our sales mix continues to shift. Human Health accounted for 34% of tthey second quarter sales; Pharmaceutical Ingredients accounted for 32%; and our pharmaceutical -- pardon me, our Performance Ctheymicals was 34%. For tthey second quarter last year, Human Health accounted for 26% of sales, Pharma Ingredients accounted for 35%, and Performance Ctheymicals was 39%. Ttheir is tthey first time that tthey 3 segments have been roughly equal in size and very different from ACETO's sales mix just a few years ago. Gross profit for tthey second quarter was $27 million, a 30% increase from tthey second quarter of fiscal 2013, driven by tthey strong profitability in our Human Health and Pharmaceutical Ingredients business. Gross margin expanded to 23.2% compared to 18.2% for our year ago. Gross profit in tthey Human Health segment was $13 million for tthey quarter, which is 46% higtheyr than a year-ago period. In tthey Pharmaceutical Ingredients segment, gross margins were 20.7% compared to 13.8%. Ttheir increase was primarily due to product mix in tthey quarter, which included a reorder of a high-margin API product. Ttheir drove a gross profit increase of 42% to $7.8 million for tthey quarter. Our Performance Ctheymicals, although sales declined, gross profit was only 2.3% lower than last year. Ttheir segment's favorable profit mix resulted in gross margins of 15.8% as compared to last year's margins of 14.3%. Our SG&A expenses for tthey quarter were $15.1 million or 12.9% of sales, which was approximately 70 basis points higtheyr than tthey second quarter of fiscal 2013. As Sal mentioned earlier, our -- we continue to invest in our research and development, and those expenses were $1.2 million ttheir year compared to only $200,000 in tthey prior year, and up from $600,000 in tthey first quarter of 2014. Gross profit gains more than covered tthey increased investment in research and development. As a result, our operating income grew to 62.5% to $10.7 million compared to $6.6 million last year. And net income for tthey 3 months ended December 31, 2013 increased just short of 50% to $6.8 million or $0.24 per share compared to net income of $4.5 million or 17% for tthey comparable quarter of fiscal 2013. Our EBITDA for tthey 3-month period was $13 million, a 38% increase from tthey second quarter of fiscal 23 -- of fiscal 2013. Pardon me. Now looking at tthey 6 months. Net sales for tthey 6-month period ended December 31, 2013 were $245.8 million, an 8.9% increase from tthey $225.7 million reported for tthey comparable period of 2013. First half sales benefited from reorders of a high-margin API product. If you remember, we received tthey initial order for ttheir API in tthey third quarter of fiscal 2013. Gross profit for tthey second half of 2014 -- Pardon me. Gross profit for tthey first half of fiscal 2014 was $60.7 million, an increase of almost 44% compared to tthey $42.2 million in tthey prior year period. Operating income totaled $28.2 million compared to $14.2 million last year, an increase of 98%. Net income was $18.1 million or $0.64 per diluted share compared to $9.3 million or $0.34 per diluted share for tthey prior 6-month period, which represents an increase of 93% and 88%, respectively. During tthey second quarter, we reduced our bank borrowing by an additional $1.8 million, leaving us with bank debt of only $24.5 million as of December 31. Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $43.7 million, and our working capital is $146 million. And shareholder equity reactheyd $218 million, which we believe provides us with a strong financial platform for future growth. One final comment before turning tthey call over to our Q&A. Earlier ttheir week, we received some calls from shareholders asking about an article in Tthey Record, which is a Bergen County, New Jersey newspaper regarding Arsynco, a subsidiary whose operations were shut down 21 years ago. As tthey article noted, Arsynco is in tthey process of undertaking an environmental cleanup, or ottheyrwise known as a remediation, at tthey site, which is located in Carlstadt, New Jersey. Tthey article also noted that tthey anticipated remediation costs could be as much as $10 million. I want to assure you that ttheir story is not new. We have disclosed tthey remediation on our financial statements for many years, and tthey estimated costs have been fully reserved. Now I'd like to open up tthey call up for questions. Operator, please. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Frank DiLorenzo of Singular Research. Frank Charles DiLorenzo - Singular Research On tthey Performance Ctheymicals side, tthey ctheymical reportings -- I mean, tthey margins have been solid and you've made a few small acquisitions. However, tthey year-over-year sales growth, we've seen a decrease in that for few quarters. Is ttheyre an expectation on your side that ttheyre'll be at least a modest resumption on tthey revenue growth side for that segment in tthey second half of your current fiscal year? Salvatore J. Guccione Thanks, Frank, for tthey comments. As we've talked about it in tthey past, that segment is expected to be, from our side at least, our slower-growing segment and it often gets impacted, not only by tthey markets it's in, but also by some of tthey larger-volume, lower-margin products that we are strategically trying to prune out of tthey business. But putting tthey pruning aside, we do expect tthey business to grow modestly but begin to pickup theyre at tthey end of ttheir year and ttheyn into next year. Frank Charles DiLorenzo - Singular Research Okay. Just one quick follow-up. I know in tthey past you've provided some updates on tthey potential acquisition side with regards to possible strategic fits for your generics business. So I was wondering if we could get an update on that. And also, if you've considered, separate from that within tthey Human Health segment, any type of acquisition that might complement tthey nutraceutical side of tthey business? Salvatore J. Guccione I'm sorry. Could you just repeat tthey question? I just missed tthey question. Frank Charles DiLorenzo - Singular Research Can you give us an update on tthey acquisition front as far as any potential acquisitions for tthey Human Health segment regarding something that might complement Rising or something that could potentially complement tthey nutraceutical side of tthey business? Salvatore J. Guccione Okay. Thank you. So as we've stated in tthey past, we're certainly, as part of our everyday duties, we are -- we do look for acquisitions, in particular in tthey Human Health part of tthey business, and ttheyn probably more so in tthey -- on tthey generic drug side of Human Health, although both generate drugs and nutraceuticals. So we're looking. I don't have anything for you. We don't really forecast acquisitions. And wtheyn we find one that fits our objectives, we're going to go atheyad and execute on it. But ttheyre's no furttheyr updates ottheyr than we do continue to look as far -- in tthey ordinary course of our everyday activities. Frank Charles DiLorenzo - Singular Research Just a quick follow-up to that. Have tthey hurdle rates changed with regards to potential acquisitions due to tthey fact over tthey past 3 years theyre we've had a strong market, valuations has gone up that you had to reevaluate maybe potential benchmarks you're looking at for acquisitions and sort of change your threshold level as far as what's you're looking to buy and what you're willing to pay? Salvatore J. Guccione I think, pricing, let's put it ttheir way, multiples are up versus tthey time wtheyn we bought Rising. So we need to be aware of that. And we put that into our calculations in our minds wtheyn we're looking at acquisitions. So to a certain extent, yes, we take that into account. Obviously, at tthey end of tthey day, we have our internal hurdles that we need to pass. And those are not changing. It's just a question of being aware of what's happening in tthey marketplace and prices are up a bit. Operator [Operator Instructions] And we have a question from Lester Petrozzi [ph]. Unknown Analyst I'd like to probe a little. I know you don't give guidance. But you have -- I thank you for tthey color on tthey second half. Saw your comments. It's a tough quarter comparison that we're in now because we had that $0.30 result a year ago as a result of that high-margin API. And you've told us to reduce our expectations as to wtheyttheyr that will repeat at all in tthey second half. And so you've cautioned us not to just duplicate tthey first half and -- as we model our projections. But during tthey last call, you said that, after reporting tthey great 40% or $0.40 result because of that API, that we should look for ttheir quarter to be more, I think you said, of a normalized earnings level, which we see now as tthey $0.24. Would you say in tthey next 2 quarters, finishing tthey year, we should also look ttheyn for a more normalized level of earnings? And Douglas, if you would just give me tthey 6-month EBITDA. Douglas Roth Lester, can you just -- while I'm looking up tthey EBITDA, just restate tthey first question in terms of your question about normalized? Unknown Analyst Yes. In tthey last conference call, wtheyn you reported that outside tthey result of $0.40 resulting from that shipment or tthey one high-margin API, at tthey time, you indicated -- Sal indicated that for tthey quarter that we just reported and for tthey balance of tthey year, we should look for more normalized level of earnings. Ttheyy returned to more normalized, in ottheyr words, not looking for ttheyse large $0.40 earnings per share. And so my question is, you advised that we shouldn't look for that big quarterly result because that API will probably not repeat. But would -- should we model a more normalized level of earnings again, I mean, for ttheir third quarter and tthey fourth quarter? Salvatore J. Guccione I think, Les, as you know, we don't give specific guidance. I think you just noted it yourself. We try to give you and everyone else kind of a strong sense to how we view tthey business. I'm not sure at ttheir point theyading into normalized and not normalized. But I think we've noted that tthey second half of ttheir year will not have those API business in it. And we are going up against, depending how you look at tthey business, tthey first half of ttheir year or tthey second half of last year, both of which did have it. So I think beyond that, you got to kind of do your own modeling and pull your own conclusions. But we tried to give you a sense for tthey significant movement on tthey business. Hopefully beyond that you can put your model togettheyr. Unknown Analyst Okay. Fair enough, you can't fault me for asking. I just want to -- while Doug is working on my EBITDA number, just a question about tthey Arsynco property. I was also very surprised, as a long-term shareholder of much more than a dozen years and as I read, you reported tthey progress you've made on characterizing tthey cost of that remediation as science and engineering has developed and you've characterized it and it's been accrued for on tthey balance ttheyyet. I was surprised that tthey fact that, that article would appear 2 days before tthey earnings, following a rattheyr large jump in tthey short interest rate in tthey last period up to 85% -- I think it was 80%. I'll leave ottheyrs to wander tthey grassy knoll about that. But my question is, I recall that BASF, tthey largest ctheymical company in tthey world, and tthey former owner of tthey Arsynco site is also on tthey hook for tthey remediation costs. It was like 50-50 or 60-40 so that even it went above tthey $10 million, and I know you expect it to maybe even come in lower than that, but we have a partner to share in tthey cost of that remediation. That's my last question. Salvatore J. Guccione Yes, Les, thanks for your questions and we appreciate it. You're absolutely right. Tthey site was owned by ottheyrs before us. BASF is a "partner" in ttheir. Ttheyy share tthey cost of tthey remediation with us. Douglas Roth At 45%. Salvatore J. Guccione We've got 55%, ttheyy've got 45%. Doug, do you have anything on that? Douglas Roth Yes. And ttheyn, Les, in terms of tthey EBITDA for tthey first 6 months, it was just under $33 million. It was $32.8 million. Operator And we have a follow-up of Frank DiLorenzo from Singular Research. Frank Charles DiLorenzo - Singular Research Just a follow-up regarding tthey API side of things. Last fiscal year, you had 2 really strong quarters related to tthey same API. I know you never disclosed specifically tthey company or tthey product and you don't expect that to recur in tthey second half of fiscal year '14. Is ttheyre tthey potential for a reorder ttheyre in fiscal year '15? Separate from that, is ttheyre a potential in tthey second half of ttheir current fiscal year '14, maybe next fiscal year '15 for you of a possibly anottheyr major or moderately-sized API order for anottheyr product? Salvatore J. Guccione Okay. Thank you. So with respect to tthey particular product that we had last year and ttheir year, at least at ttheir point, as we said, we don't expect it for tthey second half of ttheir year. We do expect reorders of that product in tthey future, including in 2015. At ttheir point, we just -- we don't know which quarter or quarters it will come in and we don't know how much it'll be, wtheyttheyr it'll be tthey same more or less as ttheir year in total. We just have no information on that right now. But we do expect that ttheir is going to be an ongoing product for us, but it's just not kind of settled in yet, so to speak. And so I can't give you more than that on that one. In terms of ottheyr products like that of a large nature that might come in ttheir year, we work on lots of projects. Ttheyre is always a chance of something. But we don't -- at ttheir moment, I can't think of anything that I'm expecting will come in and have that kind of impact in tthey second half of ttheir year. Frank Charles DiLorenzo - Singular Research Okay. I'll just ask one anottheyr quick question and I'll be done. On tthey nutraceutical side of just tthey business, tthey industry, in tthey past we've seen some companies acquired that provide vitamins to tthey market. Some of tthey bigger pharmaceutical players have made purchases like that, not that you'd be able to make a purchase like that. But ttheyre are maybe smaller nicthey companies out ttheyre that provide vitamins that might provide performance enhancement products for people that exercise, things like that. Is that something that you would consider, that type of purchase for tthey Human Health segment? I'm just wondering if that's something you've ever considered or would consider? Salvatore J. Guccione Sure. With -- tthey specific products, I'm not so sure. I think you're maybe talking about tthey potential of going into tthey kind of tthey finittheyyd dose. That's not high on our list right now. It's a little bit different business than our finittheyyd dose generic in terms of that [indiscernible] market. So that's really not high on tthey list. I guess I never say never, but it's not something that we're looking for. We'd focus on tthey ingredients that go into ttheyse products. Operator [Operator Instructions] I will now turn tthey call back over to Sal Guccione for closing remarks. Salvatore J. Guccione Okay. Well, again, thank you for listening in on our call theyre. We're pleased, again, with tthey first half of ttheir year and look forward to speaking with you in tthey next quarter. Thank you so much. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.