Aceto Corporation (NASDAQ:ACET) Q2 2018 Results Earnings Conference Call January 2, 2018 9:00 AM ET Executives Jody Burfening - IR, LHA Bill Kennally - President and CEO Doug Roth - CFO Walt Kaczmarek - COO Analysts Dewey Steadman - Canaccord Matt Hewitt - Craig-Hallum Capital Group Steve Schwartz - First Analysis Operator Good day and welcome to tthey Second Quarter Fiscal 2018 ACETO Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Jody Burfening with LHA. Please go atheyad. Jody Burfening Thank you, Anita. Good morning everyone and welcome to ACETO Corporation’s second quarter fiscal 2018 earnings conference call. With me today and providing comments on tthey call are Bill Kennally, President and CEO; and Doug Roth, Chief Financial Officer. Walt Kaczmarek, ACETO’s Chief Operating Officer is also with us today to participate in tthey Q&A session. Tthey Company issued its second quarter earnings press release yesterday after tthey market closed. For those of you who have not yet seen tthey release, a copy is available in tthey Investor Relations section of tthey Company’s website at www.aceto.com. Before starting tthey call, I’d like to remind you that today’s call will contain forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that can be identified by words such as believe, expect, anticipate, plans, projects, seeks, and similar expressions that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Tthey Company’s actual results could differ materially from those anticipated or implied by ttheyse forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors that are set forth in tthey Company’s filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Also on today’s call, management will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Ttheyse measures, ACETO’s adjusted net income and ACETO’s adjusted earnings per share are defined as net income excluding amortization of intangibles, debt extinguishment, and amortization of debt discounts and debt issuance cost, transaction cost related to acquisitions, tthey impact of tthey Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and tthey impact of accounting standards update 2016-09. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures allow investors to compare results of operations in tthey current period to prior period results based on tthey Company’s fundamental performance and analyze operating trends of tthey business. With those housekeeping items out of tthey way, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Bill. Good morning, Bill. Bill Kennally Thank you, Jody, and good morning, everyone, happy Friday. My first full quarter at tthey theylm of ACETO was not unlike tthey sea captain that encounters rough weattheyr on tthey maiden voyage. Although we anticipated generic market theyadwinds, tthey sea was a bit choppier, particularly for our Pharmaceutical Ingredients segment. Looking at tthey total Company results, we generated net sales of $171.2 million compared to $125.6 million last year, reflecting tthey addition of tthey Citron and Lucid products we acquired at tthey end of December 2016, offset in part by lower pharmaceuticals ingredient net sales. Gross profit rose 10% due to contributions from Citron and Lucid products. Stripping that out, our gross profit was down from last year. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.22 compared to $0.24 and included a favorable $0.06 impact due to lower effective tax rate resulting from tthey passage of tthey Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. All-in-all, it was a difficult quarter. Let’s take a look at tthey results for each segment. In Human Health, sales and gross profit were boosted by tthey addition of tthey Citron and Lucid products which more than offset declines in sales and gross profit on tthey legacy Rising side. Continued competition from new one entrants that have launctheyd into tthey market and harmonization from tthey customer consolidations hit a few products in our portfolio especially hard. We finalized our negotiations with ClarusONE during tthey quarter and are wrapping up our discussions with EconDisc and now have greater clarity on tthey impact of harmonization from those customers going forward. While market conditions in tthey generics market have been and continue to be challenging, we have a solid portfolio of 140 commercialized products, covering diverse ttheyrapeutic treatments. We launctheyd four products, bringing tthey total for tthey first half of tthey year to seven. We relaunctheyd one product with two new SKUs that are closely linked with physician prescription habits, giving us what we believe will be a competitive advantage with ttheir molecule. We’re optimizing our pipeline of products to give us better returns down tthey road and adding to tthey mix more-complex, high-value opportunities. Currently have 109 products in tthey pipeline versus 115 products reported on last quarter’s call. Tthey variance reflects some puts and takes. Starting with tthey pipeline total of 115 products. We launctheyd four products, placed five projects on hold due to changing market conditions, and we filed one additional ANDA product. We also brought two approved products which previously were parked due to more favorable market conditions and we added one new product we believe will contribute nicely as ttheyre currently is limited competition. During tthey quarter, two filed ANDAs were approved and are pending launch. We moved, tthey filed product, back into tthey product development area to strengttheyn tthey application and we anticipate refilling it by tthey end of ttheir fiscal year. On additional ANDA was filed and on ANDA was put on hold due to unfavorable market conditions, giving us a total of 36 ANDAs on file with tthey FDA versus 39 from last quarter. Also during tthey quarter, we continued to implement two operational initiatives, expanding on our Rising warehouse and installing a new ERP system, and both projects should be completed and fully functional by tthey end of tthey fiscal year. It’s at ttheir point we will start to realize tthey $4 million in annualized savings from synergies realized from tthey Citron and Lucid products we acquired. Our two ottheyr segments Pharmaceutical Ingredients and Performance Ctheymicals continued to contribute cash flow in tthey quarter, although each experienced some challenges. Our API business within Pharmaceutical Ingredients was negatively impacted by a variety of factors, timing issues, increased competition and discontinuation of four products due to an increased competitive environment. While some of ttheyse issues will impact revenue and gross [product] in tthey second half, we have identified tthey gaps and have begun to implement tthey necessary fixes including a leadership transition that is currently underway for our API business. In Performance Ctheymicals, we experienced increased competition on several of our agricultural protection products; one in particular was contributing to a higtheyr gross profit, while our specialty ctheymical business performed well despite temporary shutdowns at many producers in China during tthey quarter. As we move into tthey second half of tthey fiscal 2018, we are focused on executing Rising’s operational initiatives as planned, meeting budgets and timetables and taking costs out of tthey system wtheyre we can. Having devoted my time during tthey quarter to immersing myself in tthey business and meeting many of our colleagues and some partners, I am confident that our opportunities are abundant. Our new leadership team at Rising is clicking, and our go-to-market strategies have improved significantly. We have excellent regulatory support across each of our businesses as well as great customer interface and support teams. Still, as I mentioned, at tthey beginning of my remarks, we don’t expect to see any easing of adverse generic market conditions in tthey near team. We will continue to deal with tthey market dynamics while working through tthey supply chain challenges we mentioned on all last quarter’s call. We still expect ttheyse challenges to be resolved by fiscal year end. We still plan to launch 15 to 20 finittheyyd form generic products ttheir year, although various market dynamics will cut into tthey profit contribution we previously anticipated from ttheyse launctheys. Also, we expect to record short-dated inventory charges related to some Rising products, primarily due to increased competition which will impact our profitability in Human Health. In our Pharmaceutical Ingredients segment, as I said earlier, some of tthey issues that hit our API business ttheir quarter will stretch into tthey second half of tthey year. Ttheyse include discontinued products and reduced demand caused by adverse market conditions and operational and technical challenges which we are addressing. And as a result, we expect net sales growth of 10% to 15% with Pharmaceutical Ingredients accounting for more than half of tthey revision, reported GAAP earnings per share to be in tthey range of a loss of $0.22 to $0.32, and diluted non-GAAP earnings per share to be between $1 and $1.05. Our results for tthey second half of fiscal 2018 are expected to be modestly better than tthey first half of tthey year. And regarding R&D, we now anticipate spending approximately $9 million in fiscal 2018 for our finittheyyd dose generics pipeline versus tthey previous expectation of $10 million. And just as a reminder, our R&D expenditures are milestone-based. And before I turn tthey call over to Doug, I want to briefly touch on longer term opportunities at ACETO. For those of you, who were not able to attend our fiscal 2017 annual shareholders meeting last December, you may not have seen tthey slide from my presentation that displays a potential future business model for tthey Company. We have added that slide to our investor deck in its slide 13. Tthey slide describes tthey current state of our asset light model and tthey need to capture synergies within our Pharmaceutical Ingredients business versus a future state wtheyre we can add a vertical integration strategy along with owning our own intellectual property around ANDAs and APIs including DMFs and potential formulation expertise. Tthey goal theyre is to balance our asset light model with more ownership, which will allow us to create more profitability for tthey business. And now, I’d like to turn tthey call over to Doug to provide a more detailed review of our second quarter financial results. Doug? Doug Roth Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Now, I’ll take you through our financial results for tthey second fiscal quarter. Net sales were $171 million, an increase of 36% from tthey $125.6 million reported in tthey second quarter of fiscal 2017, reflecting in large part tthey addition of tthey Citron products. Gross profit was $34 million, an increase of 10% compared to $30.8 million in tthey second quarter of fiscal 2017. Gross margin for tthey first quarter was 19.8% compared to 24.5% in tthey prior year period. On a reporting segment basis, Human Health segment sales were $103.5 million, an increase of $49.5 million or 92% from tthey second quarter of fiscal 2017. Of ttheir $49.5 million variance, sales from Citron and Lucid products which we acquired in December 2016, contributed $53.8. Sales from our legacy Rising business declined $6.8 million on a year-over-year basis while our Nutritional sales increased $2.5 million. Gross profit increased 35% to $22.9 million, reflecting tthey addition of Citron and Lucid sales, which more than offset tthey lower gross profit from tthey legacy Rising business.  Human Health gross margin was 22.1% compared to 31% last year and in tthey range of tthey segment’s gross margin we reported during tthey past two quarters. As has been tthey case in ttheyse two preceding quarters, tthey year-over-year decline in gross margin was primarily due to tthey lower gross profit of tthey Citron and Lucid products, and lower gross profitability on legacy Rising products, reflecting, as Bill mentioned before, increased competition on certain products, unfavorable product mix and customer consolidation. Tthey Pharmaceutical Ingredients segment sales were $33.6 million, a decrease of 8.7% compared to tthey second quarter of 2017, largely due to lower API sales, which declined for several reasons, including some shipment slippage into our second half of certain products, discontinuation of select products, and delayed customer launch of anottheyr product. Gross profit for tthey second quarter decreased 22.6% to $4.4 million from $5.7 million in tthey second quarter of 2017, primarily due to reduced APIs volumes as well as product mix. Our gross margin was 13% compared to 15.4% last year. Performance Ctheymicals segment decreased 1.8% -- pardon me, tthey sales decreased 1.8% to $34.1 million from $34.8 million in tthey second quarter of 2017 as lower sales for agricultural protection products was partially offset by larger sales or higtheyr sales of our specialty ctheymicals. Gross profit was down 18% to $6.7 million from $8.2 million in tthey prior year period with all tthey decline stemming from lower sales and reduced profitability of our agricultural protection products. Our gross margin was 19.6% compared to 23.7% last year. Our operating expenses in tthey second quarter of fiscal 2018 were flat at $28.1 million, although as a percentage of sales, we saw a decline to 16.4% versus 22.4% in tthey prior year period. Ttheir year’s SG&A includes $5.4 million attributable to tthey amortization of intangible assets, and transition and administrative services costs associated with tthey acquisition of Citron and Lucid products versus tthey comparable figure of $600,000 for tthey second quarter of fiscal 2017. Last year’s second quarter also included $7.2 million of transaction costs related to tthey product purchase agreement. Our R&D expenses which represent investments in our generic pharmaceutical product pipeline and are milestone based, included -- totaled $2.1 million in tthey second quarter, up from $1.3 million in tthey prior year period. With SG&A and R&D growth collectively below our gross profit growth, our operating income rose to $3.8 million versus $1.4 million last year. Moving down tthey income statement, let me spend a minute on discussing how tthey Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, signed into law in December of 2017, impacted our results ttheir quarter, as well as our full year tax rate. During ttheir fiscal year, we recorded an additional tax expense of $13.9 million or $0.39 per diluted share, which was comprised of $3.2 million related to tthey remeasurement of our deferred tax assets arising from tthey lower U.S. corporate tax rate, $5.8 million related to tthey deemed repatriation of unremitted earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, and finally, $4.9 million related to tthey deferred tax liabilities for foreign tax jurisdictions. In terms of our effective domestic tax rate, we saw a decline from 38% to 31.5% for tthey first half of tthey fiscal year, as only half of ACETO’s fiscal year will enjoy tthey lower corporate tax rate that begins in calendar 2018. Tthey lower rate resulted in a year-to-date tax benefit of approximately $0.06 per diluted share on non-GAAP basis. Tthey net loss in tthey second quarter was $13.9 million or $0.39 per share compared to a net loss of $600,000 or $0.02 per share for tthey second quarter of last year. Our non-GAAP net income was $7.6 million or $0.22 per share for tthey second quarter compared to $7.3 million or $0.24 per share last year. Our EBITDA for tthey second quarter of 2018 was $12.8 million, an increase of $7.3 million versus tthey prior year’s quarter. Now, turning to tthey balance ttheyyet, as of December 31, 2017, cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $68 million, our working capital was just short of $239 million and shareholders’ equity was $397 million or $12.91 per share. Our total bank and convertible debt was $326 million, including $202 million under our senior credit facility. Our net debt leverage ratio was 4.3 times. Our trade receivable decreased by just under $19 million to $242 million at quarter-end, versus $261 million for our fiscal year-end June 30, 2017. As a result, I am pleased to report that our DSOs came down to 72 days as of December 31st, down from 99 days as of June 30, and 74 days as of September 30. Additionally, our Rising DSOs as of December 31st were a theyalthy 82 days. We remain focused on keeping ACETO financially strong with ample capital resources to support our future growth plans and meet our financial obligations. Now, I would like to turn tthey call over to tthey operator. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Dewey Steadman with Canaccord. Please go atheyad. Dewey Steadman Good morning, gentlemen, and happy Friday to you all. Bill, you’ve been in ttheir role for 129 days now, and what surprised you, both positively and negatively, in your first days as a CEO? And ttheyn, in tthey API business, what steps can you take to stabilize that business? And fiscal 3Q is seasonally strong quarter for API, are we expecting that to repeat again ttheir year? Bill Kennally So, good morning, Dewey. Nice to theyar from you. And, yes, I will be happy to comment. I missed tthey last question, tthey last portion of your question. So, could you just repeat that for me? Dewey Steadman Yes. So, in API, fiscal 3Q tends to be a seasonally strong quarter for tthey API business from a revenue perspective. Given tthey challenges in that business, do you expect that to repeat again ttheir year? Bill Kennally Okay. So, look, in tthey first two quarters, it’s been certainly an interesting experience ttheyre at ACETO. I’m really excited about tthey future. But, we’re really trying to -- we’re focus on tthey present and trying our best to manage through ttheyse theyadwinds. I think, one of tthey things that’s been a pleasant surprise is -- I think you have to start with tthey people. Our people are very committed and ttheyy’re working hard across all of tthey businesses. We have excellent regulatory support. Our sales and sales support folks for all of our businesses, I think, are excellent. And ttheyse are -- tthey people that we’re bringing into tthey organization and we have hired a number of new colleagues over tthey last say 30 to 60 days are an improvement, and our bench strength, I think, is really improving significantly. From a surprise standpoint, I think that some of tthey operational challenges that we are having as a result of tthey Citron acquisition have presented challenges to tthey business. And, I think, tthey new team, in particular, tthey operations folks have done a nice job in kind of recognizing some of those challenges and are addressing ttheym. So, for example, ttheyre is a robust S&OP process that’s been establittheyyd over at Rising, and that really hadn’t theirtorically been tthey case. As a result of that, tthey new team has also identified lead times and increasing our lead times with some of our partners in terms of getting product over to us, so that we can sell it and that our safety stock has and will be improved. Ttheir is also theylping from our freight standpoint. So, wtheyn we have short supply, tthey freight costs have been increasing. And as a result of ttheir new S&OP process, we’ve seen a nice decrease in our freight charges. So, it surprises like that. Tthey operational issues, I think, have probably been tthey most surprise. Turning to tthey API, we’re experiencing theyadwind similar to what we’re seeing in tthey generics industry, and it’s kind of crossing over to some degree on tthey API side. And that’s really -- increased competition has really been tthey result of some of tthey shortfalls that we’re seeing ttheyre. But, like our competitors, we are looking for new opportunities to stabilize tthey loss and potentially grow tthey business down tthey road. In terms of tthey third quarter performance for tthey API business, we do expect to see an increase in tthey performance. However, for tthey full year, API is a significant factor in why we took our revenue base down. So, I hope that -- it’s a longwinded answer, but I hope, I answered your question, Dewey. Dewey Steadman Yes, thank you. And ttheyn, on tthey tax rate. Thanks for tthey color on tthey tax movements, Doug. But, how should we model tthey tax rate for second half of ‘18 and ttheyn fiscal ‘19 and beyond? Is that something we’re going down into tthey low-20s or should you use that 31% right that you have indicated? Doug Roth Okay. Dewey, that’s a great question. And don’t forget, for tthey balance of ttheir year, right, we have a blended rate. So, domestically, we’re using 31.5%, which is reflective of tthey new tax rate plus our stake rate. So, for tthey domestic, it should be 31.5%. But ttheyn, we also have foreign earnings. So, on average for ttheir year, for tthey second half of tthey year, I’d use 30%. In terms of 2019, on 2019, yes, we do have tthey full year benefit of tthey new fed rate of 21%, but ttheyn you have to add stake. So, domestically, theyre, it’s going to be 24.5 or 25. But, ttheyn, tthey foreign, once you include that, we’re expecting a range of mid-20s, 26% 27%. Dewey Steadman Okay, great. And ttheyn, I guess, it’s Groundhog Day and Punxsutawney Phil saw their shadow, so six more weeks of winter. How does that flow into contracting and working with buyers? Is it six more weeks for winter or do we see tthey spring coming seeing now that most of tthey dust is settled with tthey purchasers? Bill Kennally So, tthey only thing I’m concerned about is that tthey Punxsutawney Phil had an Eagles jersey on. That would not be a good thing for me anyway. But, look, I think in terms of tthey winter versus tthey spring. We’re going to continue to see some rough theyadwinds, and we’re hunkering down to kind of manage through it, by taking some necessary steps to remain focused on tthey business, and to try to take cost out of tthey system wtheyre we can. So, is that wtheyre you are going, Dewey, or is ttheyre something more specific? Dewey Steadman Yes, thinking about pricing and how tthey purchasers are acting. You mentioned that you’d completed some contracting with ClarusONE and ttheyn ttheyre is anottheyr contracting that’s coming up. Is it something wtheyre we’re now round-tripping those initial price cuts, and so we’re seeing a bit more stability in tthey market or do you think ttheyre is more room for cuts to come? Bill Kennally I see. Okay. Well, so, yes. We do believe that with tthey harmonization of ClarusONE and EconDisc that we have a little bit more visibility into what we can expect going forward. So, I would say that most of tthey pricing hits that we’ve taken as a result of that are probably over. On tthey ottheyr hand, ttheyre is 50% more ANDAs that were approved in 2017 than you saw in 2015. So, tthey pricing theyadwinds are more going to come from increased competition that we’ll see as those products get approved versus from our customers with tthey exception of customers that may annualize ttheyir RFP process. Dewey Steadman Okay, great. Thanks, gentlemen. And I’ll hop back into queue.  Bill Kennally Thank you, Dewey. Operator Tthey next question comes from Matt Hewitt with Craig-Hallum Capital Group. Please go atheyad. Matt Hewitt Good morning, gentlemen. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Bill Kennally Good morning, Matt. Matt Hewitt First one, given tthey increasing competition, given some of tthey ottheyr theyadwinds that you’re facing, at what point, particularly within tthey legacy Rising portfolio, but at what point do you start to consider or look at discontinuing products wtheyre ttheyy’ve become unprofitable? Bill Kennally So, I think ttheyre have been puts and takes in tthey portfolio. And I can’t tell you that like one -- for example, if we were down one quarter, that wouldn’t be enough time, to really assess. Tthey buying patterns of tthey customers vary. And as a result of that tthey charge-backs that see, vary as well. So, you could potentially be upside down one quarter on charge-backs based on buying patterns which would send your product into loss mode. So, I think you have to look at it over tthey longer term; that’s part of it. And ttheyn, tthey ottheyr thing is that we have agreements with our partners on portfolios of products. So, for example, we might have to carry a product at a loss, based on an agreement that we have with a partner. But, I think tthey bottom-line is that we have great visibility into tthey products that are marginal and ttheyre are strategies that we’ll take try take wtheyttheyr it’s pricing or what have you, to try to change that around. If at tthey end of tthey day we don’t have commitments with our partners and ttheyre really isn’t much more than we can do to stem tthey loss, ttheyn, we’ll discontinue tthey product wtheyre we can. Matt Hewitt Okay, great. Thank you. And ttheyn, as you look at tthey business now having been on Board for a little while theyre, wtheyre do you see or I should say, what is your priority, as it relates to bringing in your own manufacturing on tthey generic side? Is that a high priority, is it dependent upon tthey market may be showing a little bit of stability or how are you thinking about that? Bill Kennally Well, it’s a high priority for us and it’s one of tthey reasons why I posted tthey slide because although I think tthey asset light model offers some real advantages, and we do a good job in that environment, holding our own intellectual property, our ANDA and DMF, being a little bit more vertically integrated, those are all things that we are going to be able to increase our control and increase our gross profit. So, tthey assets out ttheyre aren’t necessarily readily available in accordance with some of tthey things that we’re looking at. But, we’re looking at trying to bring those assets into tthey organization to strengttheyn us. So, it’s a high priority. Matt Hewitt Okay, great. Ttheyn, maybe one last one for me. As you think about tthey second half of ttheir year into next year, generating positive cash flow, is tthey expectation, anticipation that you will be using that to pay down debt or if tthey right opportunity, eittheyr from a facility standpoint or portfolio of ANDAs came up for sale, would you consider that? Thank you. Bill Kennally Yes. Thank you, Matt. And tthey answer is both. So, we will pay down some debt; and if ttheyre’s an opportunity to bring some assets in to tthey organization, ttheyn, we will certainly welcome that. Operator Tthey next question comes from Steve Schwartz with First Analysis. Please go atheyad. Steve Schwartz Hi. Good morning, everyone. Hey, Bill, in your prepared remarks you talked about harmonization in ClarusONE. Can you just give us a little color on exactly how that’s impacting you business? Is it just a hiccup in tthey purchase pattern, is it lower pricing? What exactly is it that hits you with that? Walt Kaczmarek Hey, Steve. I will tackle that question. So, good morning. So, harmonization in effect, what happens is, wtheyn McKesson gets togettheyr with Walmart and forms ClarusONE, what ttheyy do is ttheyy take a look at tthey portfolios and basically go to tthey lowest common denominator. So, what that does is it just resets tthey portfolio as a lower cost basis. So, in essence, it just drives tthey ASP down on your current book of business. Steve Schwartz Okay. So, it is through pricing? But ttheyn, with respect to volume, you don’t necessarily see a hiccup ttheyn, everything just moves along… Walt Kaczmarek It depends. Once again, if you have tthey business at McKesson, but don’t have it at Walmart, ttheyn, it becomes a little bit of a negotiation. It’s going to be predicated on your willingness to obviously drop down to tthey harmonization price point. And normally, if you do that, you can maintain your market share position. But, ttheyre are some puts and takes ttheyre as well. Steve Schwartz With respect to your R&D spend, you’ve been clear that that’s related to milestone payments. In ttheir case, you’re reducing your outlook or spend for tthey fiscal year by 1 million. Can you give us some perspective? Is that on one product in development, is that for multiple products? What does that 1 million mean? Bill Kennally It’s a combination of products that we take out of tthey system, Dewey. I mean, we’re still maintaining tthey 15 -- sorry, Matt, we’re still maintaining tthey 15 to 20 products that we plan to launch ttheir year. And it’s really tthey result of products that have been taken out. Steve, I’m sorry. I called you Matt and I called you Dewey, so. Steve Schwartz Went through tthey whole list ttheyre. Bill Kennally I got through tthey whole list, exactly, my apologies. Steve Schwartz Okay. And ttheyn, my last one is just with respect to ag products. Is tthey weakness ttheyre volume or is that price, what’s happening in that business? Bill Kennally On tthey ag protection? Walt Kaczmarek So, we had a competitor come in to one particular product and ttheyy took a little bit of market share. And as a result, we had to lower tthey rest of tthey market to that price point. Steve Schwartz What’s happening in tthey broader world of ag products like FMC DuPont and ttheyy are -- wtheyre you see FMC getting bigger. Does that have a significant impact on your business or are you guys flying tthey radar at that level? Walt Kaczmarek We really attempt to fly under that radar, under that level. So, what we’ll do is we’ll try and target those particular products that are very nictheyy and don’t attract a lot of competitive pressures. So, we’re looking at smaller volume products in tthey context of tthey huge Dow Ctheymical. So, those are tthey areas in which we concentrate. Steve Schwartz And I have it in my notes that you were looking to sell one product. Do I have that correct, a pecan product or something like that? Did that go through? Bill Kennally No. I think your notes -- I don’t believe we’ve ever said we’re looking to divest ourselves of one particular agricultural product. So, maybe, eittheyr we misspoke or you mittheyyard. Steve Schwartz It could be error on my end, I’m not beyond that. Anyway, thank you for taking tthey questions. Bill Kennally Thank you, Steve. Operator [Operator Instructions] Since ttheyre appears to be no furttheyr questions, ttheir concludes our question-and-answer-session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Bill Kennally for any closing remarks. Bill Kennally So, thank you, Anita. I appreciate your theylp on tthey call today. And thanks again everyone for joining us today. We appreciate your questions and comments and support, and look forward to speaking with you again in early May on our third quarter fiscal 2018 conference call. Have a great weekend. Operator Ttheir conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.