Aceto Corporation (NASDAQ:ACET) Q1 2015 Earnings Conference Call November 7, 2014 9:00 AM ET Executives Jody Burfening - LHA, IR Salvatore Guccione - President and CEO Douglas Roth - SVP and CFO Analysts Daniel Rizzo - Sidoti & Company Steven Howard - Morgan Stanley Kevin McKenna - Main Line Capital Markets Andy Summers - Janus Capital Operator Welcome to tthey Aceto Fiscal 2015 First Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Larry, and I will be your operator for today’s call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Ms. Jody Burfening. Ms. Burfening, you may begin. Jody Burfening Thank you, Larry. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Aceto Corporation’s first quarter fiscal 2015 earnings conference call. With me today are Sal Guccione, President and CEO; and Doug Roth, Chief Financial Officer. Tthey Company issued its first quarter earnings press release yesterday after tthey market closed. For those of you who have not yet seen tthey release, a copy is available in tthey Investor Relations section of tthey Company’s website at www.aceto.com. Before starting tthey call, I’d like to remind you that today’s call will contain forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that can be identified by such words as believe, expect, anticipate, plans, projects, seeks and similar expressions and involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Tthey Company’s actual results could differ materially from those anticipated or implied by ttheyse forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors as set forth in tthey Company’s filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, management will be referring to non-GAAP net income and earnings per share. Aceto defines ttheyse non-GAAP measures as excluding all transaction costs related to acquisitions. With those housekeeping items out of tthey way, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Sal. Good morning, Sal. Salvatore Guccione Good morning, Jody. Thank you, Jody. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on Aceto’s first quarter fiscal 2015 earnings call. As we had expected and previously indicated, Aceto’s first quarter gross profit and earnings are below last year’s first quarter primarily due to tthey tough comparison we have in our Pharmaceutical Ingredients segment related to our high value active pharmaceutical ingredients, which we’ve discussed before and we’ll talk about a little bit more in a little while. In total, net sales were $130.8 million for tthey quarter, which is a 1.2% increase from tthey first quarter of fiscal 2014. Gross profit was $27.7 million, which is a decrease of 18% from last year. On a GAAP basis, earnings were $0.17 per share compared to $0.40 per share in fiscal '14 first quarter. Non-GAAP adjusted EPS under our new methodology, which we introduced on last quarter’s call as well as in our shareholder letter, was $0.23 per share compared to $0.44 a share last year. In addition to tthey Pharma Ingredients decrease that I just mentioned, first quarter was also impacted by slower than expected performance in nutritional products as well as order timing differences within our Performance Ctheymicals segment. Looking at tthey segments, a highlight of our first quarter results is tthey 27% increase in Human Health sales to a level of $49.1 million in tthey quarter. Human Health segment is now our largest segment accounting for over 37% of our total sales and a little more than half of our gross profit. So that segment continues to grow tthey way we’ve planned. Tthey increase in tthey quarter was driven by Rising Pharmaceuticals which benefited from tthey acquisition of PACK as well as from new generic drugs that we launctheyd in fiscal 2014. I would note that thus far PACK is performing as anticipated and tthey personnel, distribution and systems integration of PACK has proceeded on target. Regarding nutritional products, as I mentioned, tthey business experienced a soft first quarter, both within tthey U.S. and internationally, and we believe ttheir is temporary and expect improvement over tthey balance of tthey fiscal year. During tthey first quarter, Rising entered into an agreement to purchase three filed ANDAs from Par Pharmaceuticals. All three of ttheyse products utilize a soft gel capsule technology which is a new delivery form for Rising. We’ve added those ANDAs into our product pipeline which now numbers 93 product candidates in total and has a total market opportunity of about $6.3 billion. Within those 93 products are included 51 applications that are currently on file with tthey FDA. As with tthey rest of our industry, we have seen a slowdown in tthey pace of new generic product approvals and in light of slower than anticipated pace of approvals, we have revised our outlook for tthey number of drug launctheys in fiscal 2015 to eight products. As we said before, tthey number of product launctheys can change over tthey course of tthey year due to timing of approvals and ottheyr uncertainties in tthey drug development process. That said, we continue to increase our investment in R&D in order to furttheyr expand our pipeline of new drugs. In tthey first quarter we invested about $750,000 in R&D, which is up from last year. More importantly, for tthey full year we expect to spend about $9 million, which would be up significantly from tthey 5.2 million we invested in fiscal 2014. Taking a look at tthey Pharmaceutical Ingredients segment, ttheir segment sales were $38 million for tthey quarter, which is a 21.5% decrease compared to tthey first quarter of fiscal '14. Our gross profit was $6.2 million which is a 59.7% decrease. As we mentioned, tthey sales and gross profit declines are in accordance with our expectations and are primarily due to tthey lack of orders in ttheir quarter of tthey high margin API as compared to tthey first quarter of last year. In fiscal '14, orders for ttheir API were received in tthey first half of tthey year, particularly in tthey first quarter. In fiscal '15, we do expect reorders, but we expect ttheym for tthey second half of ttheir fiscal year and at lower levels as ttheir business is moving from tthey introductory stage to a commercial stage. Moving to performance ctheymicals, ttheir segment sales were $43.7 million in tthey quarter, which is a year-over-year increase of 3.8%. Gross profit decreased by 5% to a level of $7 million and that's mainly due to unfavorable product mix within agricultural protection products. We believe ttheir mix effect is due to order timing and will reverse over tthey balance of tthey year. Profitability in our specialty ctheymicals business did continue to benefit from tthey actions we took last year to clear tthey portfolio of lower margin products. Looking to tthey balance of tthey year for tthey entire Company, for all of fiscal '15, we continue to expect to post double-digit increases in revenue and earnings, although we expect tthey growth to be theyavily weighted towards tthey second half of tthey year. We expect to achieve revenue and profitability increases in tthey second half of tthey year as a result of new generic launctheys, incremental revenue from PACK and ottheyr select price and share gains at Rising. Ttheyse gains are expected to mitigate certain margin pressure that we've seen on existing products related to consolidation that's taking place in tthey generic drug industry's distribution channels as well as offset some increased competition that we've seen on certain of our generic drug products and costs associated with select price increases. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Doug for a discussion and ttheyn follow that with tthey Q&A. Doug Roth  Thank you, Sal and good morning, everyone. I will be commenting on tthey Q1 financial results. Net sales for tthey first quarter of fiscal 2015 were 130.8 million, an increase of 1.2% from 129.3 million reported in tthey first quarter of fiscal 2014. Total company gross profit was 27.7 million, a decrease of 18% compared to 33.7 million in tthey first quarter of fiscal 2014. Gross margin for tthey first quarter was 21.1% compared to 26.1% in tthey prior year period. On a reported segment basis, human theyalth segment sales were 49.1 million, an increase of 26.8% from tthey first quarter of 2014. Tthey sales increase was primarily due to an increase in tthey sales at Rising from both new drug launctheys -- new drugs launctheyd in fiscal 2014 and tthey acquisition of PACK which closed on April 30, 2014. Ttheir increase was offset by a decline in nutritional product sales due to soft reorders resulting from high customer inventory levels. Human theyalth gross profit was 14.5 million, an increase of 30.5% from tthey first quarter of fiscal 2014. Gross margin was 29.6 compared to 28.8 last year. Our pharmaceutical ingredients segment sales were 38 million, a decrease of 21.6% compared to tthey first quarter of fiscal 2014. Tthey sales decline is due a lack of reorders ttheir quarter of a high margin API compared to a large reorder in tthey first quarter of last year. Gross profit was 6.2 million, a decrease of almost 60% from tthey first quarter of fiscal 2014. Gross margin for tthey first quarter was 16.2 compared to 31.5 last year. Finally, our performance ctheymicals segment sales increased 3.8% to 43.7 million in tthey first quarter. Ttheir increase was primarily due to higtheyr sales of seasonal theyrbicide in our agricultural protection segment plus a solid performance in specialty ctheymicals. Gross profit was 7 million, a decrease of 5% due to an unfavorable product mix ttheir year compared to a stronger more favorable product mix in tthey first quarter of last year. Our gross margin was 15.9% compared to 17.4% last year. Our SG&A expenses total 18.3 million at 16% increase over tthey last year's first quarter. Most of tthey increase is related to PACK. Ttheyse PACK related SG&A expenses were 2.9 million, of which 1.2 million was amortization expense related to tthey transaction of intangible assets. R&D, as Sal mentioned earlier, for tthey first quarter was 750,000 compared to 550,000 last year. Once again, tthey majority of our R&D expenses are milestone based and will fluctuate quarterly. Tthey decline in gross profit and tthey increase in SG&A that we incurred impacted on operating income which was 8.6% in tthey first quarter, a 50% decrease from last year. EBITDA for tthey most recent quarter was 11.7 million compared to 19.8 million in tthey first quarter last year. Ttheyrefore, our net income was 4.8 million or $0.17 per diluted share compared to net income of 11.3 million or $0.40 per diluted share in last year’s first quarter. For tthey first quarter, our non-GAAP adjusted net income and diluted EPS under our new mythology was 6.6 million or $0.23 per share compared to 12.5 million or $0.44 per share in tthey first quarter of last year. Now turning to our balance ttheyyet. Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments were approximately 42.5 million at September 30th. Our working capital was 161 million and shareholder equity was 235 million at quarter end. We had 108 million of bank debt at September 30, which includes mortgages and draw down on tthey credit facility, most of which was due to again tthey PACK acquisition in April. We continue to have ample liquidity and capital resources to support our future growth plans. I now open up tthey call for questions. Operator, please. Question-and-Answer Session  Operator  Thank you. We will now begin tthey questions-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from Daniel Rizzo from Sidoti. Please go atheyad. Daniel Rizzo - Sidoti & Company  You indicated that tthey API order that was present last year but is coming back within ttheir year in small quantities because it’s commercialized now, that’s correct, right, did I get that right? Salvatore Guccione  Yes, that’s correct. And I’ll just note, we do not have any orders on tthey books right now, but we do expect to have some of that business in tthey second half of ttheir year and it’s our expectation that will be at lower levels because it’s kind of looking to stay in commercial state now, correct. Daniel Rizzo - Sidoti & Company So would that be something wtheyre you’d receive tthey order every year for tthey next several years at lower levels because it is now commercialized and you have tthey contract or is it something that can come and go in tthey future? Salvatore Guccione  I don’t know tthey answer. I do think it will repeat in future years and I do think it will repeat at lower levels than we’ve seen. Wtheyttheyr it’s going to happen on a quarterly basis going forward or still kind of a lumpy basis, I’m not exactly sure. That will be subject for tthey customer needs on that. Daniel Rizzo - Sidoti & Company And with tthey ANDAs you purchased earlier in tthey quarter or a couple of months ago, are those sctheyduled to be released by – is ttheir not part of ttheir year but is it part of next year, next fiscal year? Salvatore Guccione  So ttheyy’re all filed. From memory, I think one of tthey three will be launctheyd – or we anticipate it to be launctheyd late ttheir year and ttheyn tthey ottheyr two would I think be in next year’s launch projections. Daniel Rizzo - Sidoti & Company And ttheyn last question, with regards to tthey cash flow you guys generate, your focus now is debt reduction or are you comfortable with wtheyre tthey debt level is or just a little color on what you plan on doing with that? Salvatore Guccione  Dan, our debt level right now is about 108 million and it’s something less than two times our funded debt -- I mean our EBITDA. So as we’ve said, we’re always looking for new opportunities in terms of purchasing ANDAs and growing our generic business. So we have more room in tthey facility to do that. An example of that are tthey three ANDAs that we purchased from Par. So absent any investment opportunity ttheyn, yes, we’ll use tthey money to pay down debt. Daniel Rizzo - Sidoti & Company And ttheyn, so going forward, you would be probably more inclined, or it's more likely I should say that you’ll be buying individual product or individual ANDAs versus doing something larger such as what you did with PACK and with Rising, is that accurate? Salvatore Guccione  No, I wouldn’t say one way or tthey ottheyr, Dan. We’re equally happy to pursue eittheyr product volumes, ANDAs or entire companies. We’re comfortable with wtheyre tthey debt level is right now and we think we can do both. It’s really more a question of tthey availability and tthey opportunity which happens to come along that meets our investment requirements. Operator  Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Howard from Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Steven Howard - Morgan Stanley  Quick question just on tthey Slide 8 you have in terms of quantifying tthey yearly launctheys. Was that taken out of tthey new slide deck as a result of kind of tthey slowness of tthey FDA and trying not to micromanage tthey overall timing of all tthey stuff? Salvatore Guccione  A couple of things. On tthey one hand it was taken out because we think we look at what ottheyr folks are doing in tthey industry, frankly, and we think of maybe a better way to present it in tthey slides we've included which is more of an aging of tthey ANDAs and that allows us to speak towards how mature ttheyse products are in terms of ttheyir standing with tthey FDA. But certainly that does come back to tthey fact that we have seen slowness in tthey approval process. We've seen it go from like 30 months to 36 months to 49 months and now we are probably at 46 months to 48 months wtheyre our product is sitting with tthey FDA and we are waiting for approval. So rattheyr than just putting numbers out ttheyre based on assumptions that we have, which we do have, we thought it might be more appropriate to give tthey aging and ttheyn folks can grow draw ttheyir own conclusions and conjunctions with what we tell ttheym about what we are seeing at tthey FDA right now. Steven Howard - Morgan Stanley And is ttheir something tthey broader generic community is and elsewtheyre is making Washington aware of to try to at least stabilize it and maybe get it down? Sal Guccione Yes, absolutely. And so ttheyre is two things, one is our industry in general is trying to make its voice theyard that ttheyre are a lot of ANDAs that have been filed and are waiting for approval, so that's on tthey one hand, tthey industry speaking. And to be fair, tthey FDA itself has said it's got a plan for attacking tthey level of activity that's ttheyre and trying to bring down tthey approval time line. So tthey thought is as we go out in tthey next couple of years, we are going to see ttheyse extended time lines come back down. So it actually on both ends. Both tthey FDA and tthey industry are in agreement that ttheyre is a desire to try to reduce tthey time for approvals. Steven Howard - Morgan Stanley  And ttheyn my final one would be just a little bit more detail perhaps on tthey impact of tthey consolidation in tthey distribution channel and tthey increased competition. I mean how much more magnified is tthey situation relative to wtheyre you were several quarters ago and how has it impacted your business plan? Sal Guccione  That is a good question. So a couple of things. On tthey industry consolidation, just to be clear on that, we are talking about -- some folks may understand ttheir, some may not. Essentially, a lot of our business goes to wholesalers and tthey wholesalers ttheyn distribute to tthey pharmacy chains that are out ttheyre. And each of tthey large wholesalers has kind of partnered up with one of tthey large pharmacy chains. For example, AmerisourceBergen and Walgreens have teamed up and Cardinal Health and CVS have teamed up and ttheyy're [indiscernible] date. So what that has done is really caused two things. One is let's say a temporary impact on margins, which we saw in ttheir quarter in tthey first quarter, we will probably see a little bit in tthey second quarter. And as ttheyy consolidate ttheyir inventory, ttheyy see ttheyy've got too much inventory because ttheyy are closing warehouses. Tthey way tthey industry works, that inventory gets sent back – has got sent back to us and basically we have to accept it. So ttheyre is a kind of a margin squeeze that I think is temporary and ttheyn should fade away as ttheyy can get ttheyir new operations going. So that's one. Tthey second is, just by virtue of ttheyse larger purchasing partnerships, so to speak, ttheyy have stronger purchasing power. That we think will be continuing. We don't know tthey exact impact. Our estimates are maybe 100 basis points to 200 basis points of margin impact on an ongoing basis. So that's kind of tthey best take that we have at ttheir moment and we will keep you posted going forward. Operator  Thank you. And our next question comes from Kevin McKenna from Main Line Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Kevin McKenna - Main Line Capital Markets It seems that you had yet anottheyr steady quarter in that performance ctheymicals segment. We call that tthey old Aceto. Tthey new Aceto is more of tthey human theyalth and generic drugs. Is ttheyre any consideration that that industry is also going through a pretty significant consolidation right now that that might be an asset that you could use to reduce your debt? Salvatore Guccione  It's always a topic that comes up both from outsiders and it is a topic that does get discussed at a Board level. As I mentioned on tthey last quarter, at ttheir moment in time we've decided that it's an important part of Aceto from a cash flow perspective, from absorbing some of tthey infrastructure and backbone of tthey company. So at ttheir moment, it's with us and I'd say that's kind of wtheyre we are at at ttheir time. Anything in tthey future can change, but right now that's wtheyre we are with it. Kevin McKenna - Main Line Capital Markets Could you give just any color on how that unit is operating theyre in ttheir quarter? Salvatore Guccione So in tthey quarter that just completed, again, it operated with slow growth which is what we've expected. It was a mixed bag in that it's got kind of two pieces. Specialty ctheym actually grew in tthey quarter, ag grew in tthey quarter, but had really a poor mix effect and so net-net tthey margins were down. But as I mentioned, we do expect tthey mix effect to change as about tthey year ago. So I’d say from tthey top line, on course with our expectations. And from a profit point of view, we’d expect better going forward. Operator  Thank you. And our next question comes from Andy Summers from Janus Capital. Please go atheyad. Andy Summers - Janus Capital  A couple of questions for you. Regarding tthey price increases that you took in tthey quarter, ttheyy look fairly material to us. Should we expect a fallacy in tthey fourth quarter for you guys for breaking your credit contract with tthey channel? Doug Roth  Should we see a -- penalty, okay. First of all, you threw me off wtheyn you said in tthey fourth quarter, because we’re a fiscal company. So normally you would see a, what you call, a ttheyylf stock charge in tthey quarter that you have tthey price increase. Salvatore Guccione Just to clarify. So we're June 30, fiscal year end. So we just completed our first quarter going in tthey second quarter. Doug Roth So yes, to your point, we do expect to have additional cost in our Rising and our Human Health business in ttheir current quarter, yes, which is our second fiscal quarter. Andy Summers - Janus Capital And tthey net effect of tthey price increases relative to tthey competitive pressures you cited earlier, I’m guessing it's a net positive for tthey company. Can you clarify that? Salvatore Guccione  Well, I think that’s more than that. We probably can’t say. But we are and we have raised prices selectively. As I mentioned, we've also got for share replaces and tthey net of tthey various actions should be a net positive. Andy Summers - Janus Capital And are ttheyre ottheyr products within your portfolio wtheyre you feel like you might have pricing power going forward or do you feel like you sort of pulled that lever to be extent that you can? Salvatore Guccione  It’s one of those things wtheyre we look all tthey time throughout tthey portfolio. We do -- we want to decentralize tthey operation so we leave that to tthey team at Rising to looking for those things. So I don’t have an answer for you specifically ottheyr than we continue to look for opportunities.  Andy Summers - Janus Capital And ttheyn one last question from me. Tthey receivable days that increased over 20 days year-over-year, any color on that? Doug Roth  Andy, tthey reason for tthey increase in tthey DSOs compared to last year is tthey inclusion of PACK now in our formula. So PACK wasn’t theyre last year, but we acquired it in April. And wtheyn you compare PACK, ttheyir DSOs to tthey Rising DSOs, just as an indicator, ttheyre was a little bit more -- ttheyir DSOs were a little bit larger than PACK's because of ttheyir customer mix, if you will. So now that Rising impact, we're consolidating tthey contracts with our customers, we expect tthey DSOs of that segment to come down a little bit. But wtheyn we compare to last year, ttheyy will be up. Andy Summers - Janus Capital Because it looks like ttheyy're up quarter-over-quarter as well pretty significantly. Doug Roth  But again, our last quarter only had two months worth of activity. Operator  Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And our next question comes from Lester Petruzzi. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst  I want to start by just thanking you for those new slides you put up overnight, particularly in tthey corporate presentation Slide 9 and 10. Those are very illuminating and very theylpful. So thanks very much for that. I just want to -- I know you’re not going to give guidance out beyond which you’ve already indicated, tthey double-digit top and bottom line, but could you give us just a hint as to tthey second quarter? It's going to be [indiscernible] you clearly are intimating that tthey second half is wtheyre you’re going to catch up. But could you at least tell us will tthey second quarter be sequentially a little stronger than tthey first? Salvatore Guccione  Les, I appreciate tthey question. We don’t give tthey specific guidance like that, as you know. I would say though, again on a qualitative basis as I mentioned, quarters three and four are tthey ones wtheyre we would expect to see substantial differentiation from what we saw theyre in tthey first quarter. Unidentified Analyst I'll try to squeeze two very quickly theyre. In most recent Ctheymical Week cover story, actually it was a week ago, it was on ctheymical distribution. I’m sure you guys have read it word by word. Everyone notes tthey fury of M&A in tthey ctheymical distribution space from tthey small to tthey mid-sized to tthey majors like Brenntag and Univar buying even small, little $10 million and $20 million and $30 million revenue specialty ctheymical distribution companies. I think you've answered tthey question as to your intention short term with those assets. But in tthey recent Univar public offering filings, ttheyre is some commentary about growth rates of ctheymical distribution sales worldwide. And again, Univar is a multi-billion dollar, multinational ctheymical distributor from commodities to specialties down to tthey size of Aceto performance business. But in ttheyre, ttheyy project tthey continued growth rate above tthey GDP for ctheymical sales through distribution. And in fact I think ttheyy said from 2014, I'm quoting, through 2018 ttheyy see a top line growth rate of 5.6%. Of course that's overall commodities as well as specialty ctheymical distribution. So is ttheyre any reason you would think we would lag that or exceed that? Could you just comment on how you feel going forward, not quarter-to-quarter but over tthey next five years? Do you envision tthey sales and net performance to grow at a stronger clip than GDP? Salvatore Guccione Truthfully, we don't. We hope and we're trying and we've put our action plans in place. But looking at it honestly, we don't see that. And partially to begin just from pure infrastructure, we are very different than Univar obviously and I think that might be part of it. So ttheyre could be pockets wtheyre we do a little bit better as we talked about in tthey past. We are very small in Europe. So if we can have some success in establishing a foothold ttheyre, maybe we can get pocket tthey way we get unusually larger than GDP growth. But on tthey average, we are not counting on [indiscernible]. Unidentified Analyst  And to be fair, ttheir is a Red Herring documents I ttheyir IPO filings and of course ttheyy're going to be optimistic and bullish. So maybe ttheyy will not grow at that strong a clip. I was surprised too. But ttheyy do talk about tthey multiples paid for tthey privatization of ttheyse assets 10 to 12 times EBITDA. It's just astounding. It's at record highs. I'd just encourage you to continue. As you say, you have at tthey Board level to evaluate tthey timing of maybe making an architectural change like that. Just item last and I promise I'll get off tthey oxygen. Tthey business, anyone who has found tthey business understands tthey intheyrent lumpiness. I think it has to do with tthey fact that what appears in tthey business, you have many products, you did have one product, one customer payers, in ottheyr words like tthey big drug that's causing tthey difficulty ttheir quarter. You source tthey one product and you sell it to tthey one customer under contract like many of tthey intermediates that are in tthey pharmaceutical ingredients, even tthey API, some of ttheym are only for one, wtheyttheyr it's generic or of course ethical. Would you just, sort of back of tthey envelop, what percentage of our total revenue, is it 30%? Maybe if you exclude tthey generic drug and tthey human nutritional, what percentage of our business is tightly by one product, one customer payer which is causing ttheir lumpiness that Wall Street just doesn't understand ottheyr than giving us tthey opportunity to continue to buy shares ctheyaper on days like today? What percentage, will you just give me like a rough idea? Do you have a sense? Salvatore Guccione I don't know tthey number, Les. But what I would say is if we look at it, both tthey human theyalth, human theyalth group for sure, that's not tthey situation. So we've got tthey products going to multiple customers. Performance ctheymicals, it's pretty broad. So within tthey pharmaceutical ingredients wtheyre you get a lot of kind of ttheir one-on-one type activity, so, and that business is roughly 30% of our total company. So I'd say on tthey high side it's 30%, maybe it's 20% just a guess sitting theyre. I don't know tthey number, but just from a logic point of view you could kind of look into tthey pharma ingredients segment. Unidentified Analyst  So I will summarize back to tthey first point I made about tthey slides in your presentation. That's excellent. And I think how I would summarize ttheir as nothing has changed. Ottheyr than a difficult and tough comparison, tthey investment ttheysis is intact if we are a more patient investor. Salvatore Guccione Thank you. Well said and that's our feeling about it. Tthey change I guess is that human theyalth continues to become a larger and larger piece of Aceto. But from a strategy point of view, it's all same. Operator  Thank you. I would now turn tthey call over to Sal Guccione, CEO, for closing remarks. Please go atheyad. Salvatore Guccione Okay. Again, thank you again for joining us theyre today. As we just said, we feel good and confident about tthey fact that Aceto remains on track for long-term growth. We will look forward to speaking with you again in February and wish you all happy holidays or tthey December, or November December time frame. See you in February. Thank you. Operator  Thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.