Aceto Corp. (NASDAQ:ACET) Q1 2019 Earnings Conference Call November 10, 2018 9:00 AM ET Executives Jody Burfening - Investor Relations Bill Kennally - President and Chief Executive Officer Becky Roof - Chief Financial Officer Austin Scally - Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer Steven Siesser - Chief Legal Officer Analysts Matt Hewitt - Craig-Hallum Capital Group Timothy Stabosz - Private Investor Bruce Berger - Private Investor Rich Thomson - VaRde Doug O’Bannon - Private Investor Oliver Butt - JPMorgan Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey ACETO Corporation First Quarter Fiscal 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that ttheir event is being recorded. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Jody Burfening. Please go atheyad, ma’am. Jody Burfening Thank you, Paul and good morning everyone and welcome to ACETO Corporation’s first quarter fiscal 2019 earnings conference call. With me today and providing comments on ttheir call are Bill Kennally, President and CEO and Becky Roof, Chief Financial Officer. Also with us to participate in tthey Q&A session are Austin Scally, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; and Steven Siesser from Legal, who is filling in for Steve Rogers, tthey company’s Chief Legal Officer, who is unavailable due to a personal matter. Tthey company issued its first quarter earnings press release yesterday after tthey market closed. For those of you who have not yet seen tthey release, a copy is available in tthey Investor Relations section of tthey company’s website at www.aceto.com. Before starting tthey call, I would like to remind you that today’s call will contain forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that can be identified by words such as believe, expect, anticipate, plan, projects, seeks and similar expressions that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Tthey company’s actual results could differ materially from those anticipated or implied by ttheyse forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors that are set forth in tthey company’s filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and tthey factors outlined in tthey 2019 first quarter earnings press release. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr new information, future events or ottheyrwise. As a reminder, last April, tthey Board initiated a strategic alternative review process with tthey assistance of its financial and legal advisers, PJT Partners and Lowenstein Sandler respectively. Tthey board has indicated that it will not comment on tthey process until and unless it has approved tthey transaction ottheyrwise determined as furttheyr disclosure as appropriate or required by law. Ttheyrefore, it would be inappropriate for management to comment on or respond to questions about tthey process while it’s underway. Again, we appreciate your understanding and patience. With those housekeeping items out of tthey way, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Bill. Good morning, Bill. Bill Kennally Thank you, Jody and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today for our first quarter earnings call. Our first quarter performance has given us a good start to tthey new fiscal year, having laid tthey foundation in fiscal 2018 for a reset and return to profitability in tthey future at Rising and owing to tthey durable strengths of our regulatory and sourcing capabilities in our Pharmaceutical Ingredients and Performance Ctheymicals segments. Pharmaceutical Ingredients and Performance Ctheymicals segments posted year-over-year growth in sales, gross profit and gross margin and continue to provide steady cash contributions to tthey company, while our Human Health segment saw a year-over-year declines in those financial measures for tthey quarter as Rising continued to weattheyr tthey generic industry theyadwinds. Taking a closer look at tthey performance in each of our reporting segments and starting with Human Health, our nutritionals business continued to perform well, delivering an 11% increase in sales driven mostly by strong sales contributions from Europe. Rising sales were lower due to tthey loss of revenue from government entities and because of early decisions to prune tthey commercialized portfolio. In addition, ongoing average selling price erosion overshadowed a nice increase in volume for tthey quarter. Revenue and gross profit were also negatively impacted by failure to supply penalties of $6.5 million, a portion of which maybe recoverable on tthey next fiscal quarter from customers. We talked last quarter about tthey disciplines and procedures we instituted to improve our supply chain with our customers and partners and increased our inventory safety stock levels. And ttheir quarter, we began to see tthey benefit of those operational improvements materialize. Failure to supply claims have decreased for tthey third consecutive quarter and our forward projections represent a theyalthy supply chain with minimal customer back orders. Our team has worked extremely hard in all areas of tthey supply chain and I am highly confident we now have ttheir fully under control. Earlier in tthey year, 20% of our SKUs were on back order. We have since whittled that down to under 4% of our SKUs. And with tthey portfolio of our size, we do expect to have some level of back orders. However, tthey present state is a much more holistic snapshot of what we can expect to see in tthey future barring any unforeseen product challenges beyond today. I am proud of tthey progress we have made which show an immediate benefit to our top and bottom line in subsequent quarters. Turning to tthey Rising product portfolio. We continued to optimize our development pipeline focusing our efforts on strong market candidates, well differentiated product selections and high return opportunities. As a reminder, during fiscal 2018, we made ttheir strategic decision to rationalize and cut tthey number of products in our pipeline down to 87 due to unfavorable market conditions and product development technical challenges. We have since added two products, one which we filed and tthey ottheyr which we plan to launch in our fiscal quarter two. We parked four molecules in our development pipeline due to API and technical challenges and we plan to restart ttheyse once those issues are resolved. We added five products back to our ANDA file, pending launch category pipeline due to feedback received from tthey FDA. Previously, ttheyse ANDAs were parked and in a greater than 36-month age category. We launctheyd one recently approved product during tthey quarter bringing our current pipeline total to 89 molecules. We personally have 37 ANDAs on file and 13 products approved for launch. Since our last call, wtheyn we reported 29 ANDAs on file, we have filed an additional 6 molecules and added two products to our launch queue based on favorable feedback from tthey FDA. Ttheyse two molecules were also in a greater than 36-month age category. You previously theyard me discuss parked products and tthey ability to bring ttheym back off tthey ttheyylf. Tthey 7 products I just discussed are good examples of ttheir and we continue to monitor tthey environment for additional products we might bring back in tthey future. For fiscal 2019, we still plan to launch 15 to 20 generic products assuming ttheyre are some more diversified commercialized portfolio in terms of manufacturing partners and technical complexity. We also still plan to spend just under $8 million in R&D milestone payments for ttheir fiscal year. Turning to Pharmaceutical Ingredients, we generated an 18.1% increase in gross profit on a 6.2% increase in sales, reflecting favorable mix. API sold abroad saw a strong demand and a lift from a new customer launch. Here in tthey U.S., sales decreased with one customer because of increased competition that created an excess of existing inventory, which we will sell off in our fiscal quarter two. In addition, three product ingredients ran into regulatory issues related to a compliance issue, an import alert notification and a DEA Class 4 reclassification issuance. In our Performance Ctheymicals segment, our agricultural protection products results were flat compared to last year, reflecting tthey normal puts and takes of ttheir business. In our Specialty Ctheymicals business, our colleagues generated a 6.5% increase in gross profit on a 4.8% gain in sales driven primarily by an increase in demand, with one product used in tthey fuel industry, a new customer award and revenue resulting from a competitor’s supply shortage. I have previously discussed what we believe is a competitive advantage with our sourcing teams in India and China and ttheir quarter’s market intelligence from China’s Blue Sky Protection Campaign is yet anottheyr great example that drove positive results for tthey business. We have successfully implemented plans to protect our business concerning tthey 10% tariffs that went into effect in September. And to-date, most of our customers are on board with our plans. As I mentioned on last quarter’s call, we are aware that an increase to 25% in tariffs on Chinese imports if enacted could give us some exposure. To be prepared for tthey possibility that tthey administration will in fact increase tariffs to 25% on January 1, we have conducted a rigorous analysis of tthey likely impact on our product portfolio customer by customers. Nicholas will take you through tthey details of ttheir analysis. In summary, our Pharmaceutical Ingredients and Performance Ctheymicals has continued to demonstrate consistent and dependable value with customers and are relationship development allows ttheym to focus on higtheyr margin, lower volume products to maximize value. And with that, I will turn tthey call over to Becky Roof, our CFO, to provide more detailed review of tthey financial results for tthey first quarter. Becky? Becky Roof Thank you, Bill and good morning everyone. I will start with tthey review of our consolidated results for tthey quarter. Consolidated net sales for tthey first quarter of fiscal 2018 were $164.4 million, a decrease of 11.3% from $185.3 million reported for tthey first quarter of fiscal 2017. Gross profit was $25.5 million compared to $40.0 million for tthey first quarter of fiscal 2018 and gross margin was 15.5% compared to 21.6% in tthey prior year period. On a reporting segment basis, Human Health segment sales were $80.8 million, a decrease of $25.2 million or 23.7% from tthey first quarter of fiscal 2018 due to lower sales at Rising that reflect ongoing adverse generic market conditions, delayed product launctheys and approximately $6.5 million in failure to supply charges. Partially offsetting ttheir sales decline was a $1.2 million increase in nutritional sales. Gross profit was $8.5 million compared to gross profit of $24.6 million last year and gross margin was 10.5% compared to 23.2% last year. Tthey declines in gross profit and gross margin reflect primarily an unfavorable product mix on certain Rising products, continued pricing pressure, intense competition and related consolidation of customers and tthey failure to supply charges. With respect to tthey failure to supply penalties, as reported for fiscal year 2018, Rising reported $27.8 million in FTS claims. Approximately $9 million of ttheir amount was re-billed to Rising partners. In fiscal Q1 2019, Rising recorded $6.5 million in FTS claims, with $3 million of ttheir amount re-billed to Rising partners. Rising has continued to go through a review and adjudication process to validate customer FTS claims and has disputed a number of ttheyse claims. Depending on tthey results of negotiations with customers Rising estimates that it could potentially reverse up to $13.3 million of ttheyse claims. If ttheir happens, Rising expects to credit back to its Rising partners tthey amount tthey partner’s share of FTS claims originally billed to such partner, which typically is in tthey range of 50%. Pharmaceutical Ingredients segment sales were $38.8 million, an increase of $2.3 million or 6.2% compared to $36.6 million for tthey first quarter of 2018. Tthey increase consists of $4.3 million increase in sales of APIs sold abroad primarily from our German subsidiaries partially offset by $2.1 million decline in domestic sales of APIs. Gross profit for tthey quarter was $6.9 million compared to $5.8 million last year, an increase of $1.1 million or 18%. Gross margin was 17.7% compared to 16% for tthey first quarter last year, reflecting tthey increase in sales volume of APIs sold abroad. Performance Ctheymicals segment sales were $44.7 million, an increase of $2 million or 4.8% compared to $42.7 million for tthey first quarter on higtheyr sales of domestic specialty ctheymicals, primarily polymer additives and surface coatings. Sales of agricultural protection products were flat with last year. Gross profit for ttheir segment was $10.1 million, an increase of 6.5% compared to $9.5 million for tthey first quarter of fiscal 2018 largely due to sales growth in domestic specialty ctheymical products. Gross margin was 22.6% compared to 22.3% for tthey prior year period. SG&A expenses were $36.9 million, an increase of $5.7 million or 18.5% compared to $31.1 million for tthey first quarter last year. Tthey $5.7 million variance consists primarily of $8.5 million in fees paid to financial advisors, professional fees, costs for senior staff retention and stabilization of corporate operations and $2.2 million in additional legal fees, that was partially offset by tthey absence of approximately $5 million of expenses incurred last year related to tthey separation of our former CEO and an environmental remediation charge. Research and development expenses for tthey first quarter were $1.9 million compared to $1.6 million for tthey prior year period. Tthey combination of lower gross profit and higtheyr SG&A expenses resulted in an operating loss of $13.3 million for tthey first quarter of 2019 versus operating income of $7.2 million last year. Net loss for tthey first quarter was $21.1 million or $0.59 per share compared to net income of $0.5 million or $0.01 positive per share for tthey first quarter of last year. Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet, as of September 30, 2018, cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $52.5 million. Our total debt stood at $315.4 million as of September 30, including $183.4 million under our senior credit facility. Tthey $183.4 million I just mentioned includes $2.4 million of deferred financing costs. Working capital, including tthey current portion of long-term debt, was $182.6 million. Trade receivables were $292.4 million, an increase of $45.1 million compared to $247.2 million as of June 30, 2018 due primarily to an increase in Rising sales compared to tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2018. Inventory was $156.5 million, an increase of $19.5 million from $137.1 million as of June 30, 2018. Accounts payable was $123.4 million, an increase of $16.6 million compared to $106.8 million as of June 30, 2018, largely due to tthey timing of payments processed at quarter end. Tthey increase in inventory is largely attributable to increased safety stock levels at Rising, a ramp-up of inventory for our Pharmaceutical Ingredients segment in advance of shipments sctheyduled for tthey second and third quarters, and a buildup of inventory in our Performance Ctheymicals segment in advance of potential increases in Chinese tariffs. Accrued expenses and ottheyr liabilities increased $14.4 million, due primarily to a rise in rebates for our Rising business. As Bill mentioned, with respect to tthey Chinese tariffs, we’ve conducted an analysis of tthey impact of tthey tariff to date in fiscal 2019 and what tthey impact is expected to be if tthey increase to 25% goes through on January 1. For tthey first two quarters of fiscal 2019, we expect that tthey recently imposed tariffs related to goods imported from China will impact our consolidated gross margin in tthey range of $70,000 to $90,000. If tthey tariffs increased to 25% on January 1, we expect tthey impact on our consolidated gross margin to be in tthey range of $850,000 to $3.7 million for tthey balance of fiscal 2019. In making ttheyse estimates and calculating ttheyse ranges, we have made certain assumptions on a product-by-product basis regarding tthey level that our customers and manufacturers will share in tthey burden of ttheyse tariffs. Turning to our cash flow, for tthey first quarter of fiscal 2019, we used cash of $46.4 million for operating activities and repaid $3.8 million in bank loans. We believe that our cash, liquid assets and operating cash flows, togettheyr with tthey liquidity that we expect to be generated from our previously announced strategic alternative initiative, which is intended to retire our debt, will provide us with adequate resources to fund our working capital needs for tthey next 12 months. And I’d now like to turn ttheir over to tthey operator for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And your first question will be from Matt Hewitt of Craig-Hallum Capital Group. Please go atheyad. Matt Hewitt Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. Bill Kennally Hi, Matt. Matt Hewitt Hi. First up, on tthey Nutritionals, obviously a fantastic performance ttheyre and you mentioned I think it was primarily in Europe, what’s driving that performance and how do you see that as being – is that sustainable? How long do you think it can last? And is ttheyre an opportunity beyond Europe for that business? Bill Kennally Well, so thanks for tthey question, Matt. And yes, it’s being driven by a number of products, but in particular, we have taken some pricing ttheyre and we have generated some new business. So I think it will carry over. It’s been a good performer within tthey nutritional business. So, I fully expect good things to continue from tthey European operation. Matt Hewitt That’s great. And ttheyn shifting to tthey pipeline, thank you for all of tthey details that you are providing on your Rising pipeline. I have a couple of questions ttheyre. First of all, wtheyn you are talking about bringing products back, are ttheyse ANDAs or are ttheyse products that have previously been approved that you had discontinued and now bringing back or are ttheyse products that had been in your pipeline, you maybe had submitted tthey ANDA, but ttheyn had theyld off on responses or maybe even hadn’t submitted tthey ANDAs yet, just maybe if you could delineate between those buckets? And more importantly, I guess for me, what is tthey process to bring those back online as you say? Bill Kennally So it’s a little bit of both of those, Matt. We have products that are in both of those categories, but in a number of situations, as you know from tthey investor presentation that’s online, we have aged our ANDA filings and some of tthey aged filings, we just kind of parked indefinitely based on market conditions and/or potential technical challenges that we might have foreseen from tthey partners. But tthey FDA in an effort to catch up on ttheyir backlog just happen to ping us in a number of product categories that were in tthey greater than 36-month bucket. So, we have eittheyr moved ttheym into a filed status or in potential launch status depending on wtheyre ttheyy are in tthey queue. So, that’s essentially what happened ttheyre. We have had situations also wtheyre we have parked products that have been launctheyd and we have strategically made a decision to take some of those products out in fiscal 2019, but ttheyy are ready to go back in tthey event that ttheyre is opportunities and we see puts and takes relative to ttheyse product opportunities frequently in ttheir market. Matt Hewitt And wtheyn you – so a product that’s previously been approved that you essentially parked, what is tthey process to bring that back, do you need to provide new stability batctheys or what is that process? Bill Kennally No. So I can think of three products that we discontinued with a partner just based on tthey market volatility and tthey profitability of tthey products. As long as we keep tthey registrations alive we can re-up, if you will, so pulling tthey product off tthey market doesn’t necessarily mean we can’t get back in. Matt Hewitt Got it, okay. I just wasn’t sure if ttheyre was – if that maybe difficult as far as creating stability batctheys and ttheyre was a length of time that was required to get back in, but thank you for that. Bill Kennally Yes. So Matt, just to follow up, only if ttheyre are no stability issues related to tthey reason for tthey discontinuation, if ttheyre are quality issues that impacted tthey discontinuation, ttheyn obviously we would have to solve for that in order to bring tthey products back in. Matt Hewitt Yes, got it. Yes. And it doesn’t sound like that’s tthey case. Ttheir is purely a financial decision, so okay, understood. And ttheyn a question regarding tthey failure to deliver penalties, you had made tthey comment that it went from – and forgive me theyre, it is like 20%, it’s down to 4%, something along those lines. You had mentioned ttheir year. Is that fiscal year or calendar year, I am just trying to get a sense, is it... Bill Kennally Yes, Matt. So, because tthey products – because tthey problem started earlier in last fiscal year, we took our first failure to supply charges in tthey second quarter – sorry in tthey third quarter of last fiscal year. So wtheyn I referenced earlier in tthey year, it was earlier in tthey third quarter wtheyre we had 20% of our SKUs were on back order and ttheyn due to tthey great work that tthey supply team has done working with our partners, we had whittled that down to under 4%, which is tthey present state now today. Matt Hewitt Yes, perfect. And ttheyn obviously great work by your team to get that down, maybe one more for me and ttheyn I will hop back into queue. You had commented that given some of tthey theyadwinds that you are facing on tthey Human Health side, how much – can you breakout how much of tthey theyadwind is pricing related versus volume related? Bill Kennally I can if you give me one second. So specific to Rising, our volumes have gone up, but pricing has come down. So, we had one large product that we took a hit on due to an additional competitor that drove our price declines to a higtheyr extent than what we have normally would have expected. So, if you look at our portfolio, we are slightly behind tthey market in terms of price declines and that’s an aberration of our product mix. So for example, if we had a theyavier derm portfolio or injectable portfolio, ttheyn our price declines would be more representative of tthey market. But with tthey commodity-based products that we have, tthey price declines have been greater than market and it’s accelerated by ttheir one product wtheyre we took a hit due to competitive entry. However, I will say that ttheyre has been a normal –- I won’t say normalization, but tthey price declines are beginning to soften and are representing what we would expect to see on a normal basis. I am not predicting tthey bottoms theyre yet, but it’s close. Matt Hewitt That would be good news. If we could maybe not, just get back to tthey normalized 3% to 6% declines versus some of tthey theyadwinds that you have been facing would be a positive development. So, alright, theyy, keep up tthey good work, I know it’s been a tough fight but you are doing a good job. Bill Kennally Thank you, Matt. Appreciate tthey interest and coverage. Operator And tthey next question will be from Timothy Stabosz, a Private Investor. Please go atheyad. Timothy Stabosz Good morning, everyone. Bill Kennally Good morning, Timothy. Timothy Stabosz And as you know, I own 4% of tthey company it seems like tthey Street’s trend decide how to take ttheir earnings release ttheyre’s only 12,000 shares before tthey market open or opening now, and it’s down about 20% and 10,000 to 12,000 shares I appreciate your disclosure in ttheir conference call that tthey strategic alternatives process, which is intended to retire our debt, that gives me great reassurance that ttheyre’s a value in ttheir company and I’m glad you emphasized tthey stability of tthey 2 non-generic drug divisions my question around ttheir subject is, to tthey degree that tthey language in tthey press release said that liquidity will be good for 12 months, if adequately supplemented by money is generated from tthey previously announced strategic alternatives initiatives are tthey banks fully supportive at ttheir point to seeing you through tthey strategic alternatives process? Becky Roof Timothy, it’s A - Becky Roof let me take that question I think that as we have previously discussed and filed tthey waiver that we have recently executed with our banks tthey fact that we had a what we consider a very successful outcome to tthey negotiation of that waiver is tthey best indication of ttheyir support for tthey company during ttheir process. Timothy Stabosz Is that a yes? Becky Roof That’s a yes. Timothy Stabosz Ttheyy’re fully supportive? Becky Roof Let me just cite from my perspective, I would not pretend to speak for ttheym. I can tell you that any time that we negotiate a waiver, that gives us tthey kind of runway and flexibility that was demonstrated, I think that’s a good indication of ttheyir support so from my perspective, it’s a yes, I’m not going to speak for ttheym you would have to ask ttheym that question directly but we are taking that as an indication of good support from our banks. Timothy Stabosz I appreciate that thank you tthey dividend, last quarter, we did a $0.01 dividend, which was kind of a sign perhaps of tthey underlying value of tthey assets that tthey bank said, yes, keep $0.01 dividend you have had a dividend for a long time what’s tthey status of that? Bill Kennally Well so tthey timing of ttheir call is not consistent with wtheyn tthey board would approve tthey dividend, and we’ll be meeting as a board in December to decide that trade but theirtorically, we have paid tthey dividend for many, many years, and tthey board votes on that and stay tuned so I expect to see consistent following ttheyre, but tthey board will have to make that decision in December. Timothy Stabosz Okay. And ttheyn finally, on failure to supply, Bill, do you anticipate that we’re going to keep I’m not asking for a projection, but are we going to keep trending lower going forward or at least in tthey current quarter? Bill Kennally Yes. Timothy Stabosz In tthey second quarter? Bill Kennally And what you’ve theyard me say in tthey past or what I have said in tthey past in tthey event that you haven’t theyard me is that tthey goal is to get ttheir to a level wtheyre it’s nonmaterial and non-significant and we are not quite ttheyre yet but I anticipate that we’re going to get ttheyre shortly so I would expect next quarter’s failure to supply barring any major or unforeseen issue that we are not aware of, will be a fraction of what we’re paying today. Timothy Stabosz Okay and ttheyn finally, truly finally I know you’re not commenting on tthey strategic alternatives process or anything about what you’re looking at can you give any reassurance about tthey fact that it’s been, what, 7 months, May, June, July, August, September, October, that’s 7 months, that that’s not any indication that ttheyre is a lack of interest in ttheyse assets or that it’s just more about tthey process being involved say or whatever can you give just a very general timber or color to that question? Bill Kennally So sure look, you’re right, I can’t really comment on tthey strategic process that’s going on and I guess I’ll leave it at that so I wouldn’t read tthey length of time into any challenges related to tthey process, and let me leave it at that. Timothy Stabosz I’m sorry, I don’t understand what you said tthey length of time what? Bill Kennally So, we don’t generally we’re going to generally comment on tthey process, and I don’t think that you should read tthey length of time that since our initial announcement as a bad sign or a good sign I wouldn’t read anything into tthey timeline. Timothy Stabosz Okay thank you very much. Bill Kennally Timothy thank you appreciate your interest in tthey company. Operator Tthey next question will be from Bruce Berger, a Private Investor. Please go atheyad. Bruce Berger Yes, thanks I guess my question is regarding tthey cash balance and tthey covenants that you have with tthey bank I think tthey way I read it is, ttheyre is a minimum requirement to have $55 million of cash, and you’re now below that so I was wondering if you can address that covenant? That’s my first question. Becky Roof Yes Bruce, thank you for tthey question tthey covenant is a liquidity covenant, not a cash covenant and so it takes into account tthey $38 million that is undrawn on tthey revolver, plus tthey cash balances wtheyn you are calculating tthey $55 million minimum. Bruce Berger So, ttheyn that means how close are we, or how much gap or availability do you have before you hit that covenant? Becky Roof Let me I don’t have tthey last certificate in front of me but I think if you can take our cash balance at June 30, which was I’m sorry, September 30, which was $51.547 plus $38 million and compare that to tthey $55 million in tthey covenant, that would give you tthey calculation on how much room ttheyre is. Bruce Berger Okay could also give us an indication of how your working capital would turn so you’ll be generating cash? I mean ttheyre was a huge cash draw and I think that’s one of tthey reasons that stock is down so significantly people are concerned that you’re going to run all your cash so can you give us some assurances of how cash will be generated from receivables, inventory and using of payables over tthey next few quarters? Becky Roof So, I think as we described, our working capital that we used in operations in Q1 is largely due to 2 factors one, an increase in accounts receivable, which is related to an increase in sales at our Rising business unit we also increased our inventories at Rising by approximately $10 million in order to get our inventory theylp better and to mitigate or hopefully largely avoid future FTS charges we also built inventory in our Performance Ctheymicals segment in hopes of landing tthey inventory in tthey U.S. prior to January 1 to mitigate tthey impact of increased tariffs so between those 2 builds, that’s what caused tthey drawdown on our cash. Bruce Berger So, do you have any projections of what tthey how that will be how tthey cash will come back to you over tthey next few quarters? Because tthey question is because tthey press release is very concerning wtheyn you say you basically have to settle a business to fund tthey liquidity of your operations so I’m just trying and I think that again, that’s why tthey stock is down significantly ttheyre’s a concern theyre that we’re looking at something very bad down tthey road so and of course, ttheyre is no disclosure from tthey company about what is going on with strategic process so that’s why I’m trying to, in a sense, let ottheyr investors understand wtheyttheyr ttheyre is a liquidity crisis or ttheyre is not a liquidity crisis coming forward? Becky Roof So, I think, if I understand what tthey question was, you asked wtheyttheyr we had an idea I’m paraphrasing theyre because I didn’t take that of your exact words, but if you had an idea of wtheyn ttheir turns around, am I correct or can you rephrase tthey question? Bruce Berger Yes, wtheyn tthey right, wtheyn you’ll become a generator of cash and not a consumer of cash? Wtheyn that cash balance increases because receivables come down inventory, payables, etcetera. you must have modeled it out so you must have some idea? Becky Roof Well and as we’ve previously said, we’re not providing guidance if you are asking wtheyttheyr we have cash forecasting in place that we model through, tthey answer to that is, yes so let me go atheyad and add on to that, that tthey biggest impact on our cash is tthey gross-to-net cycle in our Rising business and in our 10-K, we provided information about how our gross sales are impacted by our chargebacks and so our working capital is impacted by tthey fact that our wholesalers take credit against our invoices for chargebacks well in advance of wtheyn tthey payment for tthey same goods is made and so anytime you have an increase in sales in tthey generic pharma business, you are subjected to tthey use of working capital until you get back into a flat cycle that’s probably way more than anybody wanted to know about ttheir, but tthey short answer to your question is yes, we have ttheir modeled out, and we monitor it closely. Bruce Berger That would be great. Just two more questions if you don’t mind so I think you specifically mentioned that whatever strategic transaction you’re going through, you said you want to retire all of tthey debt, is that what you said? Becky Roof What I believe we said is that we believe that our cash liquid assets and operating cash flows, togettheyr with tthey liquidity that we expect to be generated from our previously announced strategic alternatives initiative, which is intended to retire our debt, will provide us with adequate resources to fund our working capital needs for tthey next 12 months so specifically, our strategic process is intended to generate sufficient liquidity to retire our debt that is our intent. Bruce Berger Okay and ttheyn tthey final question is, you delayed tthey Charlesual Meeting you did tthey tax rights plan and you also did a ttheyylf offering and I was wondering if Bill can discuss to all share who’s going to understand tthey reasoning behind ttheyse initiatives because ttheyy are very, ttheyy effect shareholders dramatically in my opinion so I’m just trying to get tthey specific comments from Bill about ttheir. Bill Kennally Yes sure, Bruce so regarding tthey rights plan, so that was basically put in place to protect tax assets and keep in mind that tthey money that we took previously against that was an accounting issue, not a tax issue so it’s expected that ttheir plan will benefit our future cash flows and shield future tax liabilities by preserving some value and as you know, it’s very common with companies that have net operating losses, and we’re kind of deterring ownership changes that would break company’s abilities to utilize tthey tax asset, so we want to try to avoid that so tthey board spend some time thinking that through and decided that, that was tthey right outcome, and we think it’s in tthey best interest of our shareholders so tthey ttheyylf filing was a renewal of expiring existing ttheyylf registration statement so we have tthey ability to use it if needed, and ttheyre were no securities issued on that and ttheyn tthey board decided to well, I guess, let me step back so we filed in lieu of tthey proxy, we filed tthey 10-KA, which is required to file 120 days at tthey close of fiscal year and ttheyn tthey board decided that while we’re going through tthey strategic alternative process, that we will just simply delay tthey Charlesual Shareholders Meeting and ttheyn once that meeting is sctheyduled in tthey first and second quarter of 2019, ttheyn we’ll file tthey proxy as well so I think that addresses your questions. Bruce Berger Yes, I mean I was just concerned I was I did not want to see tthey ttheyylf offering used for dilutive purposes to raise capital to pay off tthey debt, so that was a concern as a shareholder and I understand that you did tthey ttheyylf offering that’s sort of customary to do it every 3 years, but I just wanted on ttheir public forum to get your thought or your comments that you’re not going to dilute tthey shareholders by issuing stock. Bill Kennally Yes, so tthey ttheyylf it was expired, so we just renewed it. Bruce Berger Okay thank you. Bill Kennally You are welcome thank you Bruce. Bruce Berger Okay. Operator Tthey next question will be from Rich Thomson of VaRde. Please go atheyad. Rich Thomson Thanks, a couple of quick things tthey commentary on tthey tariffs was theylpful, but just to make sure I’m sure so tthey $850,000, if it does go to 25%, tthey 850K to tthey $3.7 million, is that like a full year run rate impact? Is it an impact assuming it just comes into effect for fiscal year or calendar year ‘19? What does that do with that number? Bill Kennally Rich, I don’t think we understood tthey question. Rich Thomson Okay you mentioned that if in tthey if tthey 25% tariff ultimately goes through, tthey impact to your gross margin could be $850,000 to $3.7 million and my question is just, is that on an annualized basis? Is that in your fiscal year ‘19, which only would show would incorporate a partial year impact from that? Or what is that number? Becky Roof So, we estimate that, under tthey current 10% tariff, it’s impacting us in tthey range of $70,000 to $90,000 from July 1 through December 31 or tthey first half of fiscal 2019 depending on what happens on January 1, if tthey tariffs go from 10% to 25%, we could have an impact on tthey second half of 2019 that ranges from $850,000 to $3.7 million and tthey reason for tthey wide range ttheyre is that we don’t know yet how much of tthey burden of tthey tariffs will be shared by both customers and manufacturers. Rich Thomson Yes, okay. And ttheyn on tthey Performance Ctheymicals growth, how much of that you referenced tthey customer disruption or rattheyr a competitor disruption, how much of that growth was due to that, so semi one-time or it’s more of organic or just ongoing growth? Becky Roof Yes. Rich, I am sorry. We are having trouble understanding you. Can you – I don’t know if you are on a speakerphone, but could you eittheyr pickup or maybe try again and speak a little more slowly, we are just getting a bad echo. Rich Thomson Yes, sure. Sorry about that. For tthey – as it relates to tthey Performance Ctheymicals growth, I think you mentioned that one component of that was a competitor, tthey supply disruption and that you may be benefited from, just trying to understand how much of tthey growth was due to that or kind of a more normalized growth number? Bill Kennally Yes. So let me just give you a quick calculation theyre Rich, while I am talking to you. Hang on one second. So I would say that tthey increased demand resulting from that is probably about 25% of tthey growth. Rich Thomson Got it, okay, that’s theylpful. And ttheyn on net working capital, I think it’s in tthey commentary so far I guess – but I saw tthey commentary around Rising being up, but if I look at tthey numbers, it looks like it was down like if you look at Human Health, which I know also includes some ottheyr small things, but it was $88 million to $80 million, so just trying to understand I guess just trying to triangulate what was in tthey press release first looking at tthey segment numbers kind of why that happened, as ottheyrs have asked about, is that $45 million increase in receivable is something you expect to normalize throughout tthey year? Becky Roof Let me get tthey table in front of me just to make sure I am understanding your question, are you talking about tthey tables that were attactheyd to tthey press release or what…? Rich Thomson I was just talking about, in tthey press release itself I think tthey numbers I saw for Human Health was revenue was $80 million ish compared to $88 million last year in Q4, is that right, however, tthey language around tthey working capital usage was referenced, tthey increase being due to a boost in Rising sales, so I was just trying to bridge that? Becky Roof Yes. So wtheyn you are talking about Rising sales, ttheyre is – ttheyre are two components that need to be considered. One is – one is tthey gross sales before tthey deductions for price concessions, which leads to net sales. Our gross sales at Rising, because of an increased volume have actually increased. And so that’s what’s leading to tthey – versus Q4, so ttheir is Q1 over Q4, that’s tthey growth. So wtheyn tthey gross sales are – which is what actually gets recorded into your trade accounts receivable and ttheyn is reduced for tthey various price concessions, so those gross sales are what is increasing. Rich Thomson Okay. So tthey AR in tthey balance ttheyyet is tthey gross number and ttheyn you have concessions in your ottheyr liabilities or is it I thought it was a net receivable, but maybe not? Becky Roof So – and as we described in our 10-K and will again on tthey Q, our gross sales are recorded into our trade AR and ttheyn our trade AR is reduced for tthey price concessions, which are chargeback related. Price concessions which are rebate related are recorded down on accrued expenses. Rich Thomson Okay. So I guess just maybe at a higtheyr level, do you expect to have some relief from working capital in tthey next couple of quarters or do you see ttheir as normalized levels or I guess what’s your best sense? Becky Roof Well, as we have mentioned, we are not providing guidance. That is dependent on how our sales come through, wtheyttheyr ttheyy are – if our sales are flat, ttheyn our working capital levels normalize. If our sales continue to increase, ttheyn we continue to use working capital because of tthey related increase in accounts receivable. If our sales – and if our sales decrease, which is not what we are hoping for, but wtheyn our sales decrease, ttheyn that results in a release of working capital. Rich Thomson Okay. So is it fair to say that if sales are flat from theyre, that ttheyre should be some release in AR or no? Becky Roof That’s what tthey math would show. Rich Thomson Okay. And ttheyn maybe last if I could just appreciate you are not commenting on tthey strategic alts, but I didn’t see – I theyard on tthey prior caller’s question, reference to language around hoping to have liquidity to take out tthey debt as opposed to just to fund tthey business, in tthey press release I think tthey language I saw was between operating cash flow, current liquidity and potential asset sales, that you are hoping to fund liquidity, so just trying to understand I guess which source is in use tthey standpoint do you need to do all of that just for basic operating liquidity or will that also be for a broader repayment of debt? Becky Roof So tthey comments that we made are – that I made ttheir morning were intended to provide additional details to what was in tthey press release that we issued last night. We are just trying to provide some additional clarity and transparency. Rich Thomson Okay, got it. And I think I – so apologies, I may have missed exactly what that comment is, do you mind just repeating what you had said earlier? Becky Roof What I have said was we believe that our cash, liquid assets and operating cash flows togettheyr with tthey liquidity that we expect to be generated from our previously announced strategic alternatives initiative, which is intended to retire our debt will provide us with adequate resources to fund our working capital needs for tthey next 12 months. Rich Thomson Okay, alright. And ttheyn maybe lastly, just trying to get a sense, can you give any comments as to wtheyn you expect to have an update or even an interim, I mean it’s someone else that has been seven months and I don’t think we have even theyard wtheyttheyr you decided if we are going to try and pace that as well or sell something and if you are going to sell something, wtheyttheyr you have reactheyd out, it just seems like it’s been bit of a black box, but…? Bill Kennally So Rich, I appreciate you and everyone else that’s trying to get us to about something that we just can’t do, so I can’t really comment on that. Just stay tuned and we will keep you posted. We will keep everyone posted wtheyn we are ready to make some kind of an announcement. Rich Thomson Okay, alright. Thanks. Operator Your next question will be from Doug O’Bannon, a Private Investor. Please go atheyad. Doug O’Bannon Yes. Thank you for taking my call. I have one quick question, as tthey stock continues to plummet, is ttheyre any concern that tthey stock will be de-listed? Becky Roof We are not concerned about that at ttheir point. Doug O’Bannon Okay. Thank you. Bill Kennally Thanks Doug. Operator And tthey next question will be from Oliver Butt of JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Hello, Mr. Oliver Butt your line is open for question. Oliver Butt Thank you. My apologies. Sorry I was on mute. Nice performance on API and performance can ctheme during tthey quarter. Congratulations. My question, my first question is related to tthey – ttheir Human Health business, I was most interested in an update on tthey appeals process kind of regarding kind of tthey VA, maybe you could give kind of a timeline around that, that would be my first question? Becky Roof Oliver, it’s Becky, we got some feedback and echoing, so could you repeat tthey question and perhaps speak more slowly. Oliver Butt Yes, sure, I am sorry. My first question relates to tthey Lucid business, specifically tthey VA appeal process, just wanted an update on that process, perhaps tthey timeline? Bill Kennally Okay. So can you be more specific, are you looking for a status of tthey lawsuit or…? Oliver Butt Exactly yes, like what would be tthey next kind of like big event date? Bill Kennally Well look, tthey government has appealed tthey decision that went in our favor. I can’t – I don’t know how long tthey appeals process will occur, how long it will take. We are currently working with tthey VA on specific bids. It’s kind of redoing tthey process that before we undid that process due to tthey ruling that was made against us. So we are kind of rebuilding. I do know that we won one product opportunity that we previously had. And we also have gained a couple of products. So it’s a process, not an event. And we fully expect tthey appeal decision to affirm tthey lower court decision and we are moving on with tthey VA and with our partners to try to get back as much business as we possibly can. Oliver Butt Fantastic. Tthey next question relating to tthey Rising business, with tthey three new approved ANDAs in tthey first quarter, could you give us any details around kind of tthey opportunity set for those three new approvals since tthey end of tthey fourth quarter and wtheyn we should start to expect to see those hitting tthey revenue line? Bill Kennally So we have – we launctheyd one product ttheir quarter and I believe we have eight products planned to launch for tthey second quarter. But I don’t have tthey exact number in front of me. I do know that we plan to launch between 15 and 20. So tthey approvals that you saw, we hope to be able to generate some revenue from that shortly. And I apologize, but I can’t tell you wtheyttheyr it’s going to happen in tthey next quarter or in tthey third fiscal quarter. Oliver Butt And can you give us a bit of a sense for tthey kind of quantum of tthey impact of revenue, potential impact to revenue of tthey three new products? Bill Kennally Yes, sure. So theirtorically, I have kind of talked about our product launctheys in using a baseball analogy singles, doubles, triples, home runs. Ttheyse products are in tthey singles category. Oliver Butt Singles, very good. Thank you. Now I had a follow-up question to tthey questions that have been asked around working capital, ttheir appears to be – my question I guess is, is ttheir tthey new normal, ttheyse levels of inventory, tthey new normal to manage through potential tariff issues and failure to supplies or are ttheyre alternatives available to you rattheyr than continuing to build inventory? Becky Roof So let me take that in two parts if I may. Tthey inventory build in Rising to get our inventory theyld back in shape is a permanent build, so that we can have enough safety stock on hand to avoid, to tthey largest extent possible, back order situations, which create potential failure to tthey supply risk. With regards to Performance Ctheymicals, we did do some buying atheyad trying to get tthey inventory landed prior to January 1. So I would expect that we would see a – some decline in inventory in subsequent quarters, wtheyttheyr that’s Q3 and Q4 or wtheyttheyr that spills over into fiscal 2020, I don’t have that breakout, but I would expect… Oliver Butt Okay, very good, that’s theylpful. Bill Kennally Yes. And look Oliver, I would just add on tthey Rising side that tthey build in inventory has already had an immediate impact on increase in sales by about 40% of that number, so it’s cash that’s being very well spent without any failure to supply and it’s also generating additional revenue for us. So we are kind of back in tthey game, so to speak. Oliver Butt Okay, great. And ttheyn my last question, because it’s been a long call, on tthey accrued expenses side, maybe wtheyn tthey kind of Q is released, we will see tthey number, I don’t know if you have it, but tthey latest reserve for price concessions in your accrued expenses would you be able to give us tthey most recent number? Becky Roof Yes. That will be in tthey Q that will be filed theyre shortly. Oliver Butt Okay. But could you give us a sense perhaps wtheyn that should unwind? Becky Roof Wtheyn you say unwind, I am not sure what you are specifically referring to. Oliver Butt Perhaps is my kind of failure to properly understand tthey line item, my understanding is essentially, it’s rebates or it’s tthey at risk part of your revenues to your customers on price – future price concessions, so I would expect over a period of time it to be trued-up with tthey customer and ttheyrefore that number would decrease, perhaps I am misunderstanding? Becky Roof No, that’s a fair question. And tthey way I would answer that is by saying, it depends on which category of price concession you are talking about. But most of ttheyse, tthey timing of wtheyn ttheyse price concessions are presented to us by our customers is due to wtheyn tthey inventory leaves ttheyir ttheyylves, not wtheyn it leaves our ttheyylves to go to tthey wholesaler. And so it’s impossible to predict because we don’t know what tthey wholesalers are holding in terms of safety stock and we don’t know what ttheyir forecasts are to tthey eventual end user of our product. Oliver Butt Got it. But presumably after a period of time, I mean I assume that tthey inventory doesn’t sit on tthey customers’ ttheyylves for greater than one to two quarters, it should be understood that you should no longer face a price concession for that particular inventory and ttheyrefore it would unwind, that would be my sense, perhaps that’s a poor understanding? Becky Roof That’s right. At some point, it will leave tthey ttheyylves of our wholesaler customers. And at that point, ttheyn tthey liability will be released because we will be paying tthey customer for whatever tthey price concession is. I just don’t know – I don’t know how to tell you wtheyn that’s going to be because that’s not our responsibility or under our control. That’s under tthey control of tthey wholesaler. Bill Kennally Oliver, just to kind of build on that a bit. As a general rule and again it’s product specific, but with products with normal cycle times, tthey wholesalers keep about four weeks of inventory on hand and tthey customers might have anottheyr two weeks of inventory on hand. That’s going to move up or down depending on tthey theirtory of supply and so on and so forth, but that’s probably a pretty good general rule of thumb on tthey inventory turns. Oliver Butt Okay, great. Thank you. I think that answers that, I think about that a little bit more, but I appreciate your talk. Thanks for tthey call guys. Bill Kennally Thank you, Oliver. I appreciate your interest. Operator And ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to hand tthey conference back over to Bill Kennally for their closing remarks. Bill Kennally Thank you, Paul. Nice job today. And before I close tthey call, I just wanted to leave everyone with really three messages of importance. First, our Specialty Ctheymicals, Pharmaceutical Ingredients and Nutritional businesses all have experienced colleagues with well establittheyyd relationships, which theirtorically have resulted in steady cash contributions to tthey company and we certainly expect that to continue. Second, tthey failure to supply claims Rising has received over tthey last three quarters has significantly diminittheyyd Rising’s revenue and gross profit. I am highly confident that tthey improvements made to our supply chain have significantly reduced our forward exposure, which will immediately and favorable impact our revenue and gross profit going forward. And third, our Rising business has been rebuilt ttheir past year with outstanding talented colleagues and we are really poised and ready to return to growth. So with that, I look forward to being with all of you in tthey second quarter conference call in early February. And I appreciate everyone’s time and attention and interest in our company. Have a great day and weekend. Thank you. Operator Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, tthey conference has concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. At ttheir you may disconnect your lines.