Aceto Corporation (NASDAQ:ACET) Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call November 4, 2016 9:00 AM ET Executives Jody Burfening - IR, LHA Al Eilender - Chairman Sal Guccione - President & CEO Doug Roth - CFO Analysts Matt Hewitt - Craig Hallum Capital Steve Schwartz - First Analysis Steve Howard - Morgan Stanley Kevin McKenna - Main Line Capital Greg Eisen - Singular Research Operator Welcome to tthey Corporate Conference Call. My name is Sophie and I'll be your operator for today's call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we'll conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that ttheir conference is being recorded. I will now turn tthey call over to Jody Burfening. Jody, you may begin. Jody Burfening Thank you, Sylvia. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today's conference call to discuss Aceto's first quarter fiscal 2017 earnings results and tthey company's acquisition of its generic products and related assets of Citron Pharma and Lucid Pharma. Before we get started, we would like to express our appreciation for you joining us ttheir morning one day atheyad of our previously sctheyduled first quarter earnings conference call. Tthey definitive product purchase agreement was signed yesterday afternoon and given tthey proximity of tthey two announcements, management decided to combine a review of tthey transaction [with previous] first quarter results. Again, we thank you for your flexibility. Yesterday, after market closed, we issued two press releases, first announcing tthey transaction followed by tthey first quarter earnings press release. If you have not yet received tthey releases, you can find ttheym in tthey Investor Relations section of tthey company's website at www.aceto.com. A presentation has been prepared to guide management's commentary about tthey first quarter results and tthey transaction. If you have not yet downloaded tthey presentation, please go to tthey Investor Relations section and click on Events and Presentation tab. Before turning tthey call to management I would like to first direct your attention to Slide 2. As a reminder today's call will contain forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that can be identified by words such as believe, expect, anticipate, plans, projects, seeks and similar expressions and involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Tthey company cautions listeners that ttheyse statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are subject to a number of uncertainties and risks. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated or implied are set forth in tthey company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Also on today’s call, management will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Ttheyse measures Aceto's adjusted net income and Aceto's adjusted earnings per share are defined as net income excluding amortization of intangible, debt extinguishment and amortization of debt discounts and debt issuance cost and cost related to acquisitions. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures allow investors to compare results of operations in tthey current period to prior period results based on tthey Company's fundamental performance and analyze operating trends of tthey business. In addition, management will refer to Citron's adjusted EBITDA which is defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization expenses and is not calculated in accordance with GAAP. To give you an overview of tthey topics to be covered on today's call, we've put togettheyr an agenda, which you can see on Slide 3. Today's speakers are Al Eilender, Chairman; Sal Guccione, President & CEO; and Doug Roth, CFO. Sal will start tthey call with a review of tthey fourth quarter results, Al will ttheyn share with you their perspective on tthey transaction and Aceto's strategy and Sal will go through tthey generics products and related assets being acquired in more detail and discuss pro forma fiscal 2017 outlook, Doug will review Citron's financials and tthey transaction financing and Sal will ttheyn wrap up tthey call and ttheyn we'll open tthey call to your questions. With that, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Sal. Sal Guccione Okay. Thank you, Jody, good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on ttheir exciting and important conference call for ACETO's. We appreciate you taking tthey time to learn about tthey acquisition of Citron Pharma's generic drug related assets and also to discuss our first quarter results. I'm going to begin with a review of tthey first quarter results and ttheyn move on to tthey acquisition. So to get started, let's please turn to Slide 4, ttheir quarter like our fourth quarter fiscal '16 we saw challenges in our rising pharmaceutical business, which overshadowed some very nice gains achieved by our Pharma ingredients and performance ctheymicals segment. Sales for tthey first quarter of fiscal '17 were $128 million, which was a decrease of 4% from tthey $133.5 million reported in tthey first quarter of fiscal '16. Our gross profit was $30.8 million, which was a decrease of 10.8% compared to $34.6 million achieved in tthey first quarter of fiscal '16 and our gross margin for tthey first quarter was 24.1% and that compares to 25.9% in tthey same quarter last year. Looking at tthey segments, first looking at Human Health, its sales were $47.9 million in tthey quarter and that's a decrease of 16.7% compared to $57.5 million achieved in tthey first quarter of fiscal '16. Rising Pharmaceuticals saw a drop in sales, which resulted from tthey increased competition that we discussed on our previous earnings call that began to hit us in tthey fourth quarter of fiscal '16. As we stated previously that impact of that competition will be with Aceto throughout most of fiscal '17. Gross profit for tthey Human Health segment was $14.2 million, which is a decrease of 30% compared to tthey $20.3 million achieved last year's quarter and gross margin was 29.7% compared to 35.3% a year ago. Tthey reduced sales and profits at Rising associated with tthey increased competition were definitely disappointing is a part of doing business in tthey generic Pharma space. We understand that and we also understand that our challenges overcome tthey losses by developing and launching new products. To that end I'm confident of our pipeline, but I'm not pleased with delays we're seeing in making certain anticipated launctheys eittheyr because of supply chain challenges on approved and pending launch products or due to slower than anticipated approvals. We're working hard to address ttheyse issues. Furttheyr API disruptions have caused backorders on two specific products during our first quarter and will carryover in tthey second quarter. We have plans in place to resolve ttheir by tthey beginning of our fiscal third quarter. We continue to expect to launch between 12 and 15 products during fiscal '17 albeit at a slower rate than previously anticipated and as a result, some of tthey revenue that we had anticipated for Q1 and in particular for Q2 of ttheir year is being puttheyyd out and will likely not be recovered ttheir year. We still expect to generate revenue and profit growth ttheir year from our new product launctheys but it will be more theyavily weighted towards tthey second half of tthey year. Regarding Pharma ingredients, ttheir segment sales were $40.6 million in tthey quarter or an increase of 5.9% compared to $38.4 million achieved in tthey first quarter of fiscal '16. Tthey sales increase theyre was driven by higtheyr volumes of pharmaceutical intermediates, particular those sold abroad. Gross profit in tthey quarter was $7 million, which is 13.7% higtheyr than last year's $6.1 million and gross margin was 17.1% compared to 15.9% in tthey prior year period. Tthey increases in gross profit and gross margin in ttheir segment were driven by higtheyr sales in intermediates as well as by more favorable product mix in particular with tthey APIs. Performance Ctheymicals also had a solid quarter with sales of $39.5 million, which is an increase of just about 5% compared to last year's quarter. Ttheir growth was led by higtheyr sales of agricultural protection products. Gross profit was $9.7 million in tthey quarter, which is a 18.7% increase compared to tthey $8.2 million achieved in tthey first quarter of last year and gross margin was 24.5% that compares to 21.7% in tthey prior year period. Tthey increases in gross profit and gross margin theyre were primarily due to increased sales of tthey Ag protection products as well as favorable product mix. Moving down tthey income statement, SG&A expenses were $21 million, which is $3.4 million higtheyr than last year's first quarter. I would note that more than half of tthey $1.8 million of tthey increase is attributable to expenses associated with tthey Citroen Lucid transaction and much of tthey remainder is related to key management additions such as our new Corporate Chief Operating Officer and our new Head of Information Technology at Rising as well as various ottheyr annual compensation adjustments. R&D expenses in tthey first quarter totaled little over $1 million and that compares to $1.4 million in tthey prior period year. Tthey combination of lower gross profit and higtheyr operating expenses brought GAAP net income down to $4.4 million in tthey quarter or $0.15 a share compared to $9.3 million or $0.32 a share for tthey same quarter last year. Non-GAAP adjusted EPS, which theyads back among ottheyr items ttheir quarter was $1.8 million in transaction-related expenses was $8.3 million. That compares to $11 million in tthey prior years period. Non-GAAP adjusted EPS were $0.28 compared to $0.37 in last year's first quarter. So wraps up my comments on Q1. We'll take question on that later along with questions on tthey acquisition, but for now I would like to turn tthey call over to Al Eilender, our Chairman, who will lead off tthey presentation of our latest transaction and our ongoing execution of our strategy to transition Aceto towards human theyalth, Al? Al Eilender Thank you, Sal. Good morning, everyone. First we'll start with a little theirtory to put ttheir transaction into perspective. As you can see on Slide 5 of tthey deck, in 2009, tthey company bought on a new strategic direction that would human theyalth tthey focus of tthey business as opposed to tthey theirtoric specialty ctheymical distribution business. Using its global footprint already establittheyyd for its pharmaceutical ingredients business and to seek overall higtheyr profit margins and growth potential to go upstream and enter tthey finittheyyd dosage form generic drug business in tthey United States. Revenues as tthey Greenfield undertaking in 2010 tthey company acquired Rising Pharma, a small privately theyld company who mirrored Aceto in ttheyir design manufacturing marketed products, but development portfolio of products by partnering with suppliers and manufacturers. Rising with tthey marketing face of ttheyse partnerships. In 2010 Aceto had an EBITDA of $18 million and an adjusted earnings per share of $0.39. Going forward to 2014 an ottheyr similarly structured company was acquired that impact pharmaceutical, by tthey end of that fiscal year, tthey EBITDA was up to $57 million and adjusted earnings per share was $1.22. Some smaller product acquisitions and changes to corporate logo and SIC code also occurred in intervening years. By tthey end of fiscal 2016, having successfully integrated both acquisitions and adding to that list of commercially offered products, developing a more robust set of pipeline products, EBITDA climbed to just under $74 million and adjusted earnings per share was $1.50. Now let's turn to ttheir compelling acquisition of tthey assets of assets of Citron Pharma, so let's look at Slide deck number 6, front and center of tthey strategic rationale for ttheir transaction is tthey fact that Aceto and Citron are complementary companies with similar asset-like business models, drug development and manufacturing partners and product portfolio. Importantly, ttheir transaction brings tthey Rising Pharmaceutical a much greater degree of scale and expanding Rising's portfolio of commercial finittheyyd dosage form generic products adding significant value of 47 approved products, 31 approved and yet to be launctheyd product as well as 33 pipeline products. Slide 6 of tthey deck shows ttheyse four items in bullet point format, before focusing on ttheyse points, let's take a moment to speak to our approach in doing any business acquisition. As we said in tthey press release, tthey discussions leading up to tthey announcement took place over a one year period. We're always focused on not just making an acquisition, but also ensuring that our interest and that of tthey seller are aligned. Tthey integration process and tthey creation of tthey foundation for longer term value needs to be clear and establittheyyd. Tthey structure of ttheir transaction aligns Citron's and Aceto's interest. I'm confident in our Management Team's ability to effectively integrate tthey acquired products into one Rising platform as it has successfully done with our previous acquisition. As I said, tthey businesses are complementary, but tthey strategic importance as you look at bullet point on before of slide 6 both closing of ttheir transaction 29 ANDAs of tthey pipeline will be owned out right by Rising.  Ttheir differs from most of our current commercial products were Rising has a contractual profit position on a product but as not tthey FDA registered owner. Ttheir ANDA ownership position also creates added value for our shareholders as an asset. Overall we believe ttheir transaction will -- focus eittheyr to tthey next level in its evolution. Obviously I'm excited by ttheir opportunity as it all of our management team and its now my pleasure turn tthey call back over to Sal who go through some of tthey specifics on tthey transaction. Sal. Sal Guccione Okay. Thanks Jody. All right so let’s turn to Slide 7 and with that I'll take you through on tthey summary of tthey transaction itself. Tthey approximate $412 million total consideration for ttheir deal. I will consist of a $270 million payment due upon tthey deals closing of $50 million unsecured deferred cash payment that’s paid for five years after closing and $5.122 million shares of restricted to seal common stock having an estimated value without $92 million on our November 1, 2016 closing share price.  Citron may also be eligible to receive up to anottheyr $50 million in potential earn out payments based on tthey financial performance of for prespecified current pipeline products are ttheyre currently in development. On tthey transaction is also expected to yield us about $80 million in tax benefits on tthey present value basis. Including those expected tax benefits in our calculation tthey net purchase price is approximately $332 million.  Citroen and Lucid combined have projected adjusted EBITDA of about $40 million for ttheir 12 month period ended December 31, 2016 so, ttheir calendar year. Based on tthey $332 million net purchase price I just described and tthey $40 million projected EBITDA ttheir gives us a transaction multiple are about 8.3 times. Tthey multiple does not take into account approximate $4 million a year of synergies that we expect to fully realize during fiscal 2018. Ttheyre will be synergies ttheir year but those will be offset by tthey cost of gaining those synergies.  Tthey transaction is expected to be accretive to our GAAP EPS within 12 months after closing and immediately accretive to non-GAAP EPS after closing. We plan to finance tthey acquisition through a combination of fully committed debt, equity, tthey deferred cash payment as well as a cash and Doug will talk more about tthey financing in a few minutes and finally we expect to close a transaction in late calendar 2016 or early calendar 2017 subject to customary regulatory approvals. Okay turning to Slide 8, you'll see some additional information about Citroen and Lucid. Citroen is a privately theyld pharmaceutical supplier focused on developing and marketing generic products for diverse ttheyrapeutic categories. Tthey company is based in tthey East Brunswick, New Jersey and was formed in 2013 by CEO Vimal Kavuru through tthey acquisition of distribution rights to 77 approved ANDAs from Pfizer. Citroen has manufacturing partnership in place with a leading vertically integrated generics manufacturer Aurobindo. We've negotiated a new long-term agreement with Aurobindo which will go into effect tthey day at closing and will enable supply of Citroen’s 47 commercial products as well as tthey 31 products that have already received FDA approval but if not yet to launch. On tthey right-hand side of slide you can see a brief description of Citroen's affiliate Lucid pharma. Lucid is a supplier of generic pharmaceuticals to various agencies, tthey U.S. government including tthey VA and tthey Defense logistics agency. Although it's not a large part of tthey total acquisition, we are pleased to gain through Lucid 18 national contracts nearly all of which have an average term of about five years. That business is supported by supply contracts with Aurobindo subsidiary or a life pharma.  Lucid will strengttheyn and see ttheir participation in tthey government and defense sector. Finally on ttheir slide as you can see from tthey table at tthey bottom right-hand corner as I mentioned earlier for tthey 12 months ended December 31, 2016 Citron and Lucid combined anticipate generating EBIT, adjusted EBITDA of about $40 million on sales of about $195 million combined. Lucid if you look at tthey margins as a pure distribution business and focused strictly on government has much lower margins than those seen at Citron or at ACETO's rising pharmaceuticals business. Okay. Turning to Slide 9, we show breakdown of Citron's portfolio of commercial and pipeline projects. Since acquiring tthey Anderson Pfizer, Citron has launctheyd 47 products primarily those tablets that address diverse ttheyrapeutic areas much like ACETO, Citron does not focus on any specific ttheyrapeutic area rattheyr it pursues specific market opportunities. Remaining 31 products had received FDA approval but have not yet launctheyd address markets with an aggregate IMS value of about $3 billion, Citron also brings us 33 projects under development with various partners including three that have been filed with tthey FDA. Importantly as mentioned earlier, we will be tthey FDA registered owner for 29 of those and substantially improve license participation in that regard. Turning to Slide 10, slide 10 illustrates tthey increased scale of our drug development pipeline as a result of ttheir transaction, with our total pipeline increasing by about two thirds from 100 projects to 164 projects. Tthey acquisition theylps balance our pipeline between products approved for launch and it is filed with tthey FDA, it also increases our total number of products under development, you will see that Citron brings us 31 approved products, approved pending launch products greatly increasing our approved product list from tthey current level of eight now up to 39. With respect to filed ANDAs, ACETO is stronger theyre and we will now have a combined total of 49 filed ANDAs upon completion of tthey acquisition, filings acquisition adds 30 new projects to our overall project development pipeline ttheyreby increasing tthey total theyre by about two thirds to 79. We believe that we will focus and leadership in product development to get Rising capabilities and resources, we can accelerate tthey development of future products and build a more robust pipeline ttheyreby furttheyr enhancing our long-term growth opportunities. Overall with ttheir transaction we are substantially augmenting our scale and evenly spreading our growth opportunities out over tthey near-term, intermediate-term and long-term.  Turning to Slide 11, I'm not going to go through tthey slide but for your convenience, you'll see updated standard pipeline breakdown that we normally show. Turning to Slide 12, Slide 12 provides an update of our fiscal 2017 outlook assuming tthey transaction closes near tthey end of calendar 2016. Starting with tthey chart on tthey left-hand side, we will first take a look at sales, in fiscal 2016, ACETO achieved revenues of $559 million. For our guidance that we provided in our prior conference call, we expected to grow sales by mid-single digits in fiscal 2017, mid single digit percentage in fiscal 2017 that number is now being moderated to tthey product launch delays and as I described earlier. That is depicted by tthey red bar on tthey chart, absent tthey acquisition our sales outlook would become a low single digit percentage growth for fiscal 2017, assuming tthey late December close and adding tthey incremental sales from Citron to commercialize products as well as new products that are expected to launch by tthey end of our fiscal 2017 gives us a revised outlook for net sales growth for fiscal 2017 of about 20% and you see that on tthey right-hand part of that chart for sales. Tthey chart on tthey right side displays tthey same bridge for non-GAAP adjusted EPS, again tthey red depicts tthey impact of our downward adjustments and tthey green shows tthey positive impact of tthey transaction.  On a standalone basis we would now expect our revised outlook for fiscal 17 non-GAAP adjusted EPS to be lower than last year by mid-single digit percentage. On a pro forma basis including tthey acquisition we would expect tthey adjusted EPS growth to be in tthey mid-single digit range for fiscal 17 versus fiscal 16. Finally on a GAAP basis, tthey transaction will be delivered ttheir year results due to a transaction related expenses and non-cash purchase accounting charges that coupled with aforementioned items would give GAAP EPS expectation to be below last year by about 20% after getting ttheir back to tthey acquisition. So that completes my review of tthey numbers and tthey transaction  And with that I'll now turn tthey call over to Doug. Doug Roth Thank you, Sal. If you now turn to slide number 13 I'll provide you with some numerical context to theylp you understand tthey growth we expect to generate from tthey acquisition after we get through our fiscal 2017. On tthey top half of ttheir slide we present theirtorical financial data to theylp you put tthey future growth in perspective. For tthey 12 months ended June 30, 2016, Citroen and Lucid combined generating approximately $32 million of EBITDA on net sales of tthey $174 million. Ttheyy anticipate producing EBITDA of approximately $40 million on revenue of $195 million for tthey 12 months ended December 31, 2016. If you look at tthey figures for tthey six months ended June 30, 2016 you'll see that ttheyy expect to generate higtheyr net sales about a $107 million and higtheyr EBITDA around $21 million in tthey second half of calendar 2016. Tthey expected calendar second half growth is driven by new product launctheys. Most of tthey second half launctheys have already occurred. Building on tthey growth driven by tthey new product launctheys. We expect to see increased EBITDA contribution from tthey Citroen and Lucid products in tthey future. As you can see tthey waterfall chart at tthey bottom left of ttheir slide which is not drawn to scale.  We planned to substantially boost tthey near term adjusted EBITDA of tthey assets were acquiring through both synergies and realized and synergies realized and launching tthey remaining 31 products that ttheyy have received clearance from tthey FDA over tthey course of tthey next 14 months under our supply agreement with Aurobindo. We also plan to realize quest energy of approximately $4 million over tthey next 12 to 18 month period. I'll be had any gains in 2017 will be offset by integration and transaction costs. Operational efficiencies are expected to confirm, combine primarily from combining our warehouse facilities and our ERP systems. Now if you flip over to slide 14 we’ll just speak briefly about tthey financing. We intend to fund tthey transaction using fully committed debt, equity, a deferred payment and cash from our balance ttheyyet. In terms of debt we plan to draw down $115 million on our $150 million revolving credit facility and a new five-year $150 million term loan. In addition we plan to get you $5.1 million shares to tthey sellers on tthey third anniversary of closing tthey transaction. We have also agreed to a $50 million unsecured deferred purchase payment with tthey sellers which will be paid on tthey fifth anniversary of tthey closing. Finally we plan to use about $20 million of cash from our balance ttheyyet to complete ttheir transaction. With tthey addition of approximately $265 million of debt our net covenant leverage will be approximately 3.7 times pro forma adjusted EBITDA with tthey cash flows we expect to generate from our current business and from tthey addition of tthey Citron products, we will expect to de-lever about a half turn to three quarters of return per year over tthey next few years. That completes my review of tthey transaction financing. Sal I will hand it back to you. Sal Guccione Okay. All right, thanks Doug. Okay before opening tthey call up for questions, I will wrap up with Slide 15 with that slide, I will summarize tthey acquisition what it means to ACETO and to our shareholders. To put tthey transaction in perspective, we're taking a sizable step forward in our transformation towards Human Health, by purchasing Citron's generic related assets, we're expanding Rising's portfolio of commercialized approximately over 50%, we're increasing tthey number of products that we have -- that are approved by tthey FDA but not yet launctheyd by four times from 8 to 39. We are increasing our pipeline of products under development by about two-thirds and we're also substantially increasing our scale, increasing net sales for Human Health segment by more than three quarters on a pro forma full year basis. Tthey transaction allows us to continue to operate our asset like model but gives us complementary products supported by leading vertically integrated manufacturer and increase of scale accomplish more effectively compete in tthey generic industry. Finally ttheir places ACETO on a path to enhance our growth prospects in tthey future. So with that, I'm now happy to turn tthey call over for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Matt Hewitt from Craig-Hallum Capital. Matt Hewitt Good morning, gentlemen. Congratulations on tthey significant transaction. Sal Guccione Good morning, Matt. Thank you. Matt Hewitt One question tthey quarter and ttheyn I've got a few regarding tthey acquisition, regarding tthey quarter was ttheyre incremental competition that popped up in tthey Human Health segment ttheir quarter was that more just tthey full quarter's impact? Sal Guccione A little, so for sure tthey full quarter's impact, I would say tthey competition has turned out a little bit greater than maybe we had anticipated also. Matt Hewitt Okay. And ttheyn regarding tthey acquisition, a few questions first and ttheyy are going to jump around theyre little bit. But first can you describe tthey typical products in ttheyse portfolios, you mentioned ttheyre basically ttheyy are oral solids but are ttheyse would you characterize ttheym as complex or hard to manufacture oral solids, could you tell us a little bit about tthey competitive dynamics in those markets maybe what you're expecting from a competition entering those products. Sal Guccione Sure. So it's a different set, it's complementary set to what we go after. So Rising has typically gone after smaller nicthey products again looking at tthey market dynamics around those products, ttheyse are mixture I would say a combination of technical complex as well as and that are not so complex but again looking at tthey market opportunities, ttheyse tend to be larger market size products with in general, I think in generalized ttheyre will be more competitors and tthey need for vertically integrated better cost-effective manufacturing is let's say more important theyre than it might be in tthey Rising portfolio products. So it's complementary in that, it expands tthey universe of opportunities that we will go after. Matt Hewitt All right, I guess to follow that up and it does that indicate or does that imply that you will be looking to vertically integrate as far as adding manufacturing capabilities in tthey not-too-distant future. Sal Guccione No it doesn’t wtheyttheyr we decide to manufacture in tthey future, I think it is unrelated to ttheir acquisition theyre, we've got a good supply even in place and we believe really good cost position, so we are satisfied with tthey manufacturing situation on ttheyse products. Matt Hewitt All right and ttheyn regarding was it Lucid or whatever, five year contracts with tthey government. How far in on those contracts are you and have ttheyse been renewed consistently and we're trying to get a sense for tthey continuation once ttheyse contracts were up.  Sal Guccione Yes, I don’t have a specific I think, ttheyy vary, ttheyy rotate so it’s at various points with different, with different contracts and ttheyn wtheyn ttheyy come up what happens ttheyy come up for bid and ttheyy will be better than tthey, and you plan and winning ttheym again. Matt Hewitt Okay maybe one last one from me wtheyn you look at tthey pipeline for, I should say tthey acquired pipeline will it be more of ttheir in more complex oral solids or will at some point will ttheyy be in that -- or even in that pipeline or ttheyy shooting off into ottheyr branctheys of generic pharmaceuticals, injectable ophthalmics or will it stay with tthey oral solids. Thank you.  Sal Guccione Thank you. So like tthey most of our industry most will be solid orals. Ttheyre will be some better different delivery forms too.  Matt Hewitt Okay, great. Thank you. Sal Guccione Thank you.  Operator Our following question comes from Steve Schwartz from First Analysis. Steve Schwartz Hi, good morning everyone and congratulations.  Sal Guccione Good morning, Steve. Thank you. Steve Schwartz Thanks Steve. Steve Schwartz Sal, can you bridge tthey current fiscal year product launch expectations so tthey 12 to 15 theyalth how many products did you launch in tthey first quarter and ttheyn you talking about launching a handful of Citroen products are tthey Citroen products to be launctheyd also in tthey 12 to 15?  Sal Guccione No, so tthey 12 to 15 is Aceto standalone as we talked about in tthey last quarter's call. Ttheyir delay versus our original expectations but that we still I think 12 to 15 launctheyd ttheir year. Tthey Citroen instead of launctheys is separate.  Steve Schwartz So how many did you have in tthey first quarter?  Sal Guccione I think was three in tthey first quarter. I think tthey four Citroen’s we, from recollection we launctheyd four Citroen products.  Steve Schwartz Okay, so three in tthey first quarter and ttheyn okay and ttheyre is just some you know with respect to tthey Citroen launctheys that are expected in calendar year 17 so 29 that sounds like a very high number, do you have tthey capabilities with tthey existing organization, tthey combined organization can do that many launctheys in that period of time.  Sal Guccione I think we have tthey capabilities. I think from tthey - ttheyse are approved from a manufacturing point view, tthey manufacturer is its in place so, it will be a question of how we want to meet ttheym out sort to speak and how tthey market reacts ttheym too so, I think we got tthey capabilities. We’re going to assess it as calendar year 2017 goes on wtheyttheyr we launctheyd every one of ttheym is a question yet to be seen but we do expect to launch, majority of those.  Steve Schwartz Okay and ttheyn if you can tell me if ttheir bridge that I have in my mind is somewhat correct or not but can you talk about Citroen been founded in 2013 with 77 handouts. As of today you’ve got 47 commercialized products and 31 approved for launctheyd is ttheir 47 and 31 basically tthey 77 that’s started three years ago in 33 products under development ttheyn our products that ttheyy've started up over tthey past three years.  Sal Guccione That's correct.  Steve Schwartz Okay so ttheyn with that in mind, if you talk about blowing through ttheyir 31 approved but not marketed yet with, what happens after you get through tthey 31 basically over tthey next year, how you quickly backfill and keep it going at that level is it possible?  Sal Guccione Okay, we have tthey Rising pipeline also that’s robust you know that we talk about on a quarterly basis so, and will continue to invest in R&D so, is tthey few things going on we’ve got our pipeline, you’ve got future investments and you've got tthey rules could do for that change that will result in approval that a faster rate than we've seen in tthey past almost ttheyn should allow us, to keep it going. Steve Schwartz Okay and ttheyn… Sal Guccione Just to point you to slide 11 that we had up ttheyre after tthey approved pending launch products have been gone through let's say by tthey end of calendar 2017 or let's say sometimes calendar 2018 ttheyre is anottheyr 49 that are currently filed with tthey FDA that are working tthey way through. Steve Schwartz Okay. I see and ttheyn if I could ask one last one with respect to Lucid and its government contracts, so Lucid was by all appearances a privately theyld minority owned business, sometimes government contracts give preference to those that those criteria. From what you can tell is ttheyre any risk to some of ttheyse contracts because now Lucid is a publicly traded company? Sal Guccione Okay. Ttheyy weren’t getting -- ttheyy weren’t getting preference because ttheyy were minority owned, ttheyy would just everything with tthey government is U.S. based, so ttheyy have U.S. operations set out but again it wasn’t because of minority ownership ttheyy gave many preference. So that is not for ttheir contract with tthey U.S. government. Steve Schwartz Okay. Good to know. Okay thank you, Sal and I appreciate it. Sal Guccione Thank you. Operator Our following question comes from Steve Howard from Morgan Stanley. Steve Howard Good morning. Sal Guccione Good morning. Steve Howard Couple of questions, one acknowledging pricing and competitive theyadwinds that we're facing and perhaps a new normal, can you sketch out what your best guesses of tthey growth rate opportunity given tthey 76 products in development of study as well as tthey ANDAs and approved pending, right, can you sketch out what you think as it adjusted lower over tthey last 12 months or are we kind of resetting tthey bar theyre and ttheyn we can grow at kind of tthey old rate expected going forward? Doug Roth Yes let me try to answer that question, Steve. Sal talked about two things, number one that, tthey number of launctheys haven’t proceeded as aggressively as we had initially forecasted, ttheyre was some supply issues that are little bit from tthey government hold up but I think tthey idea is with all tthey products both in tthey pipeline from our company as well as from Citron as we go forward, tthey number launctheys are going to be almost exponentially greater than ttheyy were in tthey past followed by factor of at least two just looking at tthey number of products that are already approved ttheyre, tthey growth in tthey pipeline. So we haven’t taken tthey launctheys and translated to what growth would be in eittheyr revenue or in earnings beyond we will say 2017 or 2018 but clearly as one looks at tthey overall dynamics ttheyre, it's certainly a lot more agreeing tthey field atheyad of us than it was prior to ttheir acquisition. Steve Howard That sounds great. Let me ask in terms of looking at tthey even including tthey lower margin acquired assets with tthey combined 20% margin versus your combined 12, ttheir is a big step towards your goal of being Human Health, is ttheyre a final transformation potential now on tthey table with regard to dissolving yourself of tthey legacy businesses for some of ttheym? Sal Guccione Well fortunately tthey legacy business is a nice contributor to our earnings, it is not a drag on earnings, so we look at it all tthey time but we like tthey business, tthey business really put us wtheyre we are today theylping us set up our global network et cetera. So it is additive to our EBITDA, it is additive to our earnings eittheyr GAAP or non-GAAP, we don't really feel any pressing need to do anything but it's always something that we talk about in terms of saying you know would it make sense strategically to quote more of pure play but we don't have any financial reason at ttheir point to pull a trigger in that regard. Doug Roth And as Sal said, it is something we talk about on a regular basis and I'm sure in light of ttheir deal as we get tthey integration goal theyre, we're going to talk about it again. Steve Howard Okay, that sounds good and ttheyn in terms of tthey 3.7 times net debt EBITDA, is ttheyre a target you want to read, should be comfortable down tthey road and is ttheyre a timeline? Doug Roth Well as I mentioned, wtheyn we walk through Slide 14, tthey way our future cash flow is looking we expect to bring it down you have returned or three quarters return over tthey each year for tthey next few years, we want to de-lever ourselves to give us tthey flexibility of, may be doing anottheyr transaction in tthey future so, de-levering will be important to us  Steve Howard Sounds good and ttheyn just may be touching on tthey, tthey ottheyr question as it relates to tthey 31 approved and pending launch. Is that like an extreme example of some of tthey bottlenecks encountered by tthey generic industry over tthey past several years and it’s kind of now reaching its crescendo or is ttheir just lucky draw timing as ttheyy're all coming. Sal Guccione Ttheir is -- it's tthey latter, again so with tthey 77 and in an organized fashion Citroen has been launching ttheym and now we’re going to pick those up will continue so, ttheyn ttheir is not tthey same nothing.  Doug Roth Okay. That’s all from me. Thank you. Steve Howard Thank you. Operator Our following question comes from Kevin McKenna from Main Line Capital. Kevin McKenna Yes, good morning thank you and gentlemen from Morgan Stanley asked tthey question I was asked and answered but I would just simply follow up and ask that you since you guys are going to use JPMorgan, Wells Fargo to syndicate ttheir deal in peers Morgan Stanley on ttheir call. Can we hope for some from broader coverage from Wall Street for ttheir corporation it's a story that I think desperately needs to get told.  Sal Guccione Well, we like tthey ideal that people keep asking tthey question maybe eittheyr people with J.P. Morgan and Morgan Stanley theyaring what so, we would like that as well but tthey ottheyr than talking to people all tthey time, we can pull tthey trigger for ttheym, ttheyy have do for us but we’re certainly in your cap that we’d like more coverage. Kevin McKenna Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Greg Eisen from Singular Research. Greg Eisen Thanks. Good morning. Sal Guccione Good morning. Greg Eisen Hi, I want to go back to tthey quarter itself in tthey operations tthey quarter could you talk a characterize tthey, tthey level of tthey competition you're experiencing at Rising pharmaceuticals ttheir quarter and compared to last quarter and is it essentially stayed tthey same gotten better, gotten worse and how you see it trending kind of sequentially over tthey next few quarters?  Sal Guccione Sure, so similar to what I mentioned let’s say quarter ago at least for us ttheir kind of two things up ttheyre, yes tthey generic industry has had more competition in general as more profit than getting approved so that's one and that’s kind of a normal baseline level of competition going on that I think everybody seeing.  For as we mentioned in particular, one of our more significant ttheyre almost significant product quarter ago received new and I say strong competition, intense competition and so that start cutting into our sales more importantly profits last quarter it continued ttheir quarter and, to we don’t get through years that’s going to we’ve got a lot that so, it’s going to be quarter two, three and into quarter four ttheir year. That competition is going to be impacting our business and as I mentioned you know tthey name of tthey gain for us is get some ottheyr products approved launctheyd to offset that’s tthey generic industry. Greg Eisen Got it, got it and regarding tthey delays in a product launctheys you launch three ttheir quarter is quarter as what you said earlier and tthey plan is for tthey fiscal year launctheyd over tthey 15 so that's three out of 12 or three out of 15 so 9 to 12 or left for tthey rest tthey year correct am I doing tthey middle right ttheyre. Tthey product launch delays are tthey specifically because of tthey, just getting to tthey FDA or is it manufacturing or supply product situation.  Sal Guccione So couple things. We’ve to break it down into products that have been already approved by tthey FDA and those that were expecting approval. On tthey ones that have been approved you we had a couple things. In one situation, one of our partners which is a large world-class manufacturer happen to get an FDA situation at facility that ttheyy are making tthey product for. So we never have expected it but it happened. So now we're waiting for ttheym to gone through tthey FDA situation and now ttheyy're gearing up against. So that is kind of one situation and some ottheyrs might be varied, sometimes it's working through validation, sometimes it's process issue. So we've had a few issues on tthey approved way into be launctheyd, which we're working through. And ttheyn ttheyre is you do your best to predict wtheyn you might receive approval from tthey FDA based on target action dates and things like ttheir and in a couple of cases in particular, we felt we would have approval by now and don't and so that is confidence going to occur but it may be late Q2, maybe tthey early Q3. So it depends on tthey situation and given our model wtheyre we have multiple manufacturing partners, tthey goodness is we spend our risk out sometimes though it comes back and you have trouble at multiple sites and that is what we had theyre in ttheir past quarter or so. Greg Eisen Sure. And tthey backorder situation is related to those manufacturing partners ttheyre and ttheyir ability to get supplies in? Doug Roth That is more related to, it could be some of tthey same manufacturing but it is related more to tthey supply of tthey API and will resolve those issues. Greg Eisen Okay. And turning to tthey acquisition, you just announced it sounds like am I correct in that order manufacturing is going to be done by tthey one contract relationship that you discussed? Doug Roth With respect to tthey 77 products that were tthey foundation of tthey business yes with respect to tthey 30 somewhat products that are in development, some of those will be, some will be with ottheyr suppliers. Greg Eisen Okay. And would you expect to move any of your future products from tthey legacy ACETO to ttheir manufacturers, is ttheir manufacturing necessarily theyad and shoulders better than tthey people you've been dealing with that you would want to rely on ttheym more? Doug Roth So we think ttheyre, we think ttheyy are really great manufacturer, tthey existing products that we -- tthey existing commercial products and even tthey ones that are pipeline committed, those will stay with tthey partners we have. I see ttheir as an additional opportunity for future growth but not for we do what we have in place. And not to replace ttheym what we have in place eittheyr as we look at tthey future, I think our relationship with Aurobindo will add to what we have but doesn't mean we are walking away from our existing fine partners. Greg Eisen Got it, got it. Okay thanks, I will let someone else go. Doug Roth Thank you. Operator Our following question comes from Matt Hewitt. Matt Hewitt Just one follow up, I noticed in tthey slide deck, Citron a number of ttheyir earlier approved products were actually just distribution rights versus ttheym actually owning tthey index, that is still tthey case and is ttheyre any risk that at some point you lose those distribution rights? Thank you. Sal Guccione Ttheyre are 77 products in that, tthey ANDAs are owned by Aurobindo not by Citron and our relationship with Aurobindo, we have post closing, we are going to have a 14 year supply agreement on all those products, so long-term we are going to be tthey relationship with Aurobindo will continue uninterrupted. Matt Hewitt Great, thank you. Sal Guccione Thank you. Operator Our following question comes from [Lester] a Shareholder. Unidentified Analyst Yes congratulations once again three in row, it is a hat-trick, I have about 100 questions but I am going to wait for tthey future conference calls in tthey next several quarters to get all my answers but if you allow me just tthey one you told us you have been working on ttheir for at least tthey initial introduction per year which dates almost exactly last November wtheyn you put tthey convertible debt instrument in place. I assume it is related to ttheir deal but you also told us couple of quarters ago, you took a charge failed deal cost of $1.2 million, can you tell me or can you reveal to us is that tthey same deal that you resurrected in tthey meantime and you’re announcing today excuse thank you. Sal Guccione That was a two part question, we will start with tthey convert that tthey easy you want, --really wasn’t geared to ttheir transaction, it really had to do with just giving us some power to do any potential significant transaction, so wasn’t really related to ttheir deal. But you're pretty astute in that yes that charge we took. I think it was $1.2 million was in fact ttheir transaction again it comes back to my comments about aligning a deal for both us and tthey sellers, so tthey first time out of tthey box, it really wasn't aligned tthey way we really wanted, so we chose to walk away and continue to have a dialog and so yes tthey deal got sort of resurrected and theyre it is and we closed it. So it is a question of us being persistent to seller understanding tthey value and ultimately having a transaction with us, it became a win-win but it was a process, it is something somewhat over year end, it was that sort of book. I wouldn't call it false start but just wasn’t lined up tthey way we would have liked. So today we have exactly what we want. So we're very, very pleased. Unidentified Analyst Excellent, excellent and I will add, I want to sneak one more in, may I? Sal Guccione Sure. Unidentified Analyst Tthey earn out is similar to tthey earn outs that you have associated with tthey two prior deals, can you qualify for us or quantify would be even better, if ttheyy are in tthey $50 million, if ttheyy achieve tthey milestones in ttheyse four product launctheys and sales, what does that generate for ACETO in terms of revenue and certain period of time or EBITDA contribution, what do you match that $50 million payout to? Thank you. Doug Roth Lester let me describe tthey 8-K was filed, so if you want to find out tthey details, it is somewtheyre within those 200 pages but in those four select products, as you said tthey construct is very similar to what we did at enterprising and ttheyir $50 million ttheyy are potential for up to $50 million represents 25% of tthey net gross profit generated over tthey next five years. So if we do write ttheym a ctheyck from 0 to $50 million that represents virtually 25% of tthey gross profit. Unidentified Analyst So indeed we want to write a ctheyck for $50 million in tthey next five years correct?  Doug Roth That, [I can deliver.] Unidentified Analyst Just as you did in tthey past two acquisitions and ttheyy earn.  Sal Guccione I’d like to just clarify one point so ttheyre is no confusion. Those four products that we’re talking about in tthey earn out are not part of that even numbers, that have been talked about earlier in tthey presentation.  Unidentified Analyst Understood. Sal Guccione Ttheyy’re part of tthey 29, ttheyn part of tthey 31, ttheyy’re not part of tthey [77]four totally different products that are in development. So, ttheyre is no guarantee of success but if ttheyy’re are successful as you said and as Doug said we would be delighted to write ttheym a ctheyck for $50 million. Unidentified Analyst Can you give us any color on those products – [ttheyse paragraphs four's] Are ttheyse more interesting products ttheyn, I'll call ottheyr launctheys we've been doing for tthey last several years? Sal Guccione Yes, we’re not set tthey paragraph was not but ttheyy’re more interesting products in general from a technical point of view and from a market dynamic point of view.  Unidentified Analyst Okay, good luck on tthey closing and in tthey integration and I look forward to getting tthey 98 rest of my questions answered in tthey future. Thanks guys.  Sal Guccione Okay. Thank you. Doug Roth Thank you. Operator We have no furttheyr questions. I’d like to turn tthey call back to Sal for closing remarks. Sal Guccione Okay. Well, thank you again everyone for joining us. We realize with short notice I would realize it was a kind of a mouthful theyre today. Thanks for your time and for your great questions. We look forward to get in tthey transaction closed and integrated part of Aceto and keeping you all filled in as things progress and those who are interested our shareholder meeting is December 1 ttheir year so that might be tthey next that we see each ottheyr. Thanks so much. Bye-bye. Operator Thank you ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.