Aceto Corporation (NASDAQ:ACET) Q4 2014 Earnings Conference Call September 5, 2014 9:00 AM ET Executives Salvatore Guccione - President and CEO Douglas Roth - SVP and CFO Jody Burfening - LHA, IR Analysts Daniel Rizzo - Sidoti & Company Kevin McKenna - Main Line Capital Gregory Macosko - Montrose Advisors Steven Howard - Morgan Stanley Lester Petruzzi - Private Investor Frank DiLorenzo - Singular Research Operator Welcome to tthey Aceto Fiscal 2014 Fourth Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Dawn, and I'll be tthey operator for today’s call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that ttheir conference is being recorded. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Jody Burfening. Jody, you may begin. Jody Burfening Thank you, Dawn. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Aceto Corporation's fourth quarter fiscal year-end 2014 earnings conference call. With me today are Sal Guccione, President and CEO; and Doug Roth, Chief Financial Officer. Tthey Company issued its fourth quarter and year-end earnings press release yesterday after tthey market closed and for those of you who have not yet seen tthey release, a copy is available in tthey Investor Relations section of tthey Company's Web site at www.aceto.com. Before starting tthey call, I’d like to remind you that today’s call will contain forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that can be identified by words such as believe, expect, anticipate, plans, projects, seeks and similar expressions and involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Tthey Company’s actual results could differ materially from those anticipated or implied in ttheyse forward-looking statements, as a result of certain factors as set forth in tthey Company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, on today’s call management will be referring to non-GAAP net income and earnings per share. Aceto defines ttheyse non-GAAP measures as excluding all transaction costs related to acquisition. With those housekeeping items out of tthey way, I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Sal. Good morning, Sal. Salvatore Guccione Good morning, Jody, and thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our fourth quarter and year-end fiscal ’14 earnings call. Fiscal ’14 was a very successful year for Aceto, both in terms of actual financial performance as well as in terms of tthey continued execution of our strategic plans to focus tthey company growing our Human Health business, but also maintaining theyalthy cash flow from our ottheyr businesses. During tthey year we completed anottheyr meaningful step towards ttheyse goals, via tthey strategically important acquisition of tthey generic pharmaceutical company, PACK Pharmaceuticals, which as most of you know, we close on April 30, 2014. Now approximately two-thirds of our business is pharma related, which is up from about 50% just four years ago and an even greater percentage of our earnings or gross profits are pharma related. Looking at tthey full-year results from a numbers point of view, we reported record results for sales, gross profit, net income and earnings per share in 2014. Net sales were $510 million, which is an increase of 2% versus 2013. More importantly, gross profit was $114.7 million, which is an increase of 16.5% versus 2013. And net income was $29 million or an increase of almost 30% versus last year. So very good profit performance. On a GAAP EPS basis, earnings increased 26% to a $1.2 per share, up from $0.81 in fiscal ’13 and non-GAAP EPS increased 20% to a $1.7 and that’s compared to $0.89 in fiscal 2013. Taking a look at tthey segments, our Human Health segment achieved sales of $160.2 million for tthey year. That’s up $30 million versus 2013 or almost 24%. Sales increase reflects both organic growth as well as acquired growth in 2014. We achieved approximately $15 million of organic growth within our Rising Pharmaceuticals business excluding tthey PACK deal. And with tthey PACK deal, we pick up an additional $8 million of growth through tthey acquisition which we own for about two months in 2014. In addition, our nutritionals business also had a strong year adding about $7 million in sales growth. Tthey segments gross profits reactheyd a level of $48.5 million for tthey year, which is up 23.5% from 2013, and 2013 level was $39.3 million. So overall, I’d say a very good year for tthey Human Health segment both strategically as well as from a financial point of view. Regarding tthey generics products and pipeline, as we talk about in tthey prior conference calls, with tthey addition of PACK we’ve increased our commercial pharma product portfolio by 50% and we’ve almost doubled our new product development pipeline. We currently have over 90 product candidates in our pipeline, with a total brand market opportunity of $5.7 billion. That includes nearly 50 applications that are currently filed with tthey FDA. We currently anticipate launching 11 new generic drugs in fiscal ’15 including two potential first to market opportunities. I caution you however that ttheir number can and likely will change over tthey course of tthey year due to uncertainties in tthey drug development process such as tthey timing of tthey FDA approval process. We continue to increase our investment in research and development in order to expand our pipeline of new drugs. In tthey fourth quarter of fiscal ’14 our R&D spend more than doubled to approximately $2 million versus 2013. And for all of fiscal ’14 we spend $5.2 million which was up significantly from tthey $2.8 million we spent in fiscal ’13. Looking forward, we plan to increase our R&D spend again in 2015. In tthey Pharma Ingredients segment our 2014 sales were $176.4 million, which is 5% below last year’s level. Although tthey sales are below 2013 levels, tthey segments gross profits of about $36.5 million for fiscal ’14 were actually up 16.5% versus 2013. So good profit performance on tthey segments performance in fiscal ’14 and particularly tthey first quarter and first half profit was favorably impacted by tthey high margin API that we discussed last year. We currently do expect to receive additional orders for ttheir high margin API in fiscal ’15. But we believe tthey quantities will be significantly less than fiscal ’14 as ttheir business is now moving to more steady state. Our best information is that tthey orders will come in during tthey second half of fiscal ’15 wtheyreas for fiscal ’14 ttheyy came in for tthey first half of tthey year and mostly in Q1. That said, I will remind you tthey lumpy nature of our business and how order pattern can affect a quarter-to-quarter comparisons. Turning to Performance Ctheymicals segment, its annual sales were $173.5 million, which is 6% below tthey 2013 level. However, I’d like to note that fourth quarter sales increased by 13% compared to last year. And ttheir is tthey first meaningful quarterly growth -- sales growth for tthey segment in almost two years. We’ve been focusing on improving selling activities, improving product mix, and improving overall segment margins. And I’m pleased to report that tthey segments gross profit for tthey year increased by 7.2% to a level of $29.6 million, despite tthey sales decrease. I’d also like to note that quite a bit of tthey yearly sales decrease is due to product rationalization as we’ve talked about before. I’d say that rationalization at ttheir point is essentially complete now. For tthey quarter, gross profits increased by 17% versus last year’s quarter. And for tthey year, gross margins expanded by over 200 basis points to 17.1%. Carlos Restrepo, who is tthey (indiscernible) executive we brought in during tthey year to theyad up tthey Performance Ctheymicals segment, has put renewed emphasis on expanding tthey customer -- tthey segment’s customer base as well as tthey selling activities. And we feel real good about tthey direction ttheir business segment is theyading. Looking at tthey business on a high level, for fiscal 2015 we believe that tthey 11 new generic drug launctheys that we currently anticipate making, plus tthey full-year results of tthey PACK acquisition, as well as ottheyr selling initiatives, will theylp drive sales and profit growth particularly within our Human Health segment and enable us to mitigate anticipated decrease in sales and profits within tthey Pharma Ingredients segment. At ttheir time, we plan to increase R&D spending to approximately $9 million to $10 million in 2015 as well as make investments in tthey selling infrastructure of tthey branded generics business that we acquire as part of tthey PACK transition -- transaction. Taking ttheyse various factors into account, we’re currently projecting double-digit percentage increase in both sales and earnings per share for tthey full fiscal 2015 year. On a comparative basis, however, I’d like to emphasize that we expect a decrease in sales of tthey high margin API has favorably impacted tthey fiscal 2014 year and particularly tthey first quarter and first half. Ttheyrefore we expect tthey first quarter of 2015 to be slow versus tthey first quarter of 2014. Looking longer term and with tthey acquisition of PACK, togettheyr with tthey new management team at Rising, we’ve expanded our footprint in tthey pharmaceutical industry, we’ve strengttheyned our presence in tthey higtheyr margin end of tthey pharma supply chain and I believe we’ve enhanced our opportunities for growth. We remain confident in tthey long-term outlook for Aceto and look forward to tthey fiscal 2015 year atheyad. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Doug. Doug? Douglas Roth Thank you, Sal, and good morning, everyone. I’ll be commenting on tthey Q4 financial results. Net sales for tthey fourth quarter were $139.6 million, an increase of just over 13% from tthey $123.1 million reported in tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2013. Gross profit was $29 million, an increase of 18.3% compared to $24.5 million in tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2013. Gross margin for tthey fourth quarter was 20.8% compared to 19.9% in tthey prior year period. On a reported segment basis, Human Health segment sales were $47.8 million, an increase of 28.7% from tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2013. Excluding tthey PACK sales of $8.1 million for tthey last two months of tthey quarter, Human Health segment sales were still up nearly 7% year-over-year. Tthey increase is mainly due to tthey new product launctheys that occurred in tthey fiscal fourth quarter and during tthey year. Gross profit in tthey Human Health segment was $14.3 million, an increase of 26.8%. Our Pharmaceutical Ingredients segment sales were $42.7 million, which was tthey same as tthey fourth quarter of last year. Gross profit in tthey fourth quarter increased 3.9% to $6.2 million as compared to last year. Our Performance Ctheymicals segment, sales increased 13.4% to $49.1 million driven by strong sales of a few agricultural protection products and a solid overall performance in tthey specialty ctheymical segment or business unit. Gross profit increased 17% to $8.6 million reflecting an improved product mix from tthey selective pruning that we’ve been doing in our product portfolio mainly tthey higtheyr volume, lower margin products. Our SG&A expenses for tthey fourth quarter were $18 million or 12.9% of sales, which was approximately 50 basis points higtheyr than tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2013. Tthey fourth quarter of 2014 included approximately $800,000 or $0.03 per share of transaction costs primarily related to tthey PACK acquisition that closed in April. Last year’s numbers include -- fourth quarter numbers included a $400,000 or 2% per share charge for tthey earn-out accrual related to tthey Rising acquisition. Without ttheyse deal related adjustments, SG&A expenses were up 15.4% in tthey fourth quarter which is due to tthey inclusion of tthey PACK operations which have recorded about $2.5 million of SG&A expenses. As Sal mentioned earlier, our investment in R&D continues to increase. In tthey fourth quarter R&D totaled $2 million as compared to $800,000 in tthey comparable period last year. Now our higtheyr gross profit more than offset tthey increased SG&A expense and R&D spend, leading to an operating income increase of 7.1% to $9 million as compared to $8 million last year -- $8.4 million last year. Our EBITDA for tthey most recent quarter was $12 million, a 13.6% increase over Q4 last year of $10.5 million. Just a moment on tthey full-year EBITDA, full-year EBITDA was $54.9 million, an increase of over a $11 million or 26% over fiscal 2013. Now finally, our net income for tthey fourth quarter was $5.6 million or $0.19 per share compared to net income of $5.4 million or $0.19 per share for tthey fourth quarter of last year. On a non-GAAP basis, our net income was $6.1 million or $0.21 per share for tthey fourth quarter of -- for tthey fourth quarter as compared to last year which was $5.6 million or $0.20 per diluted share. Tthey PACK acquisition including all transaction related expenses cost us about $0.07 per diluted share in fiscal -- in tthey entire fiscal 2014 on a pro-forma basis. Earlier in tthey year, we mentioned that we anticipated tthey PACK acquisition to be dilutive by $0.08. It was only diluted by $0.07. Now turning an eye over to tthey balance ttheyyet, during tthey fourth quarter we closed on a $130 million credit facility to finance tthey acquisition of PACK. We drew down approximately $86 million to complete tthey transaction and at June 30 we had total bank debt including mortgage of $105.5 million. Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments were $43 million and our working capital was $158 million with shareholders equity of $233.6 million. Financially, Aceto remains strong, with ample capital resources to support our future growth plans. Now, I’d like to open-up tthey call for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Daniel Rizzo from Sidoti & Company. Please go atheyad. Daniel Rizzo - Sidoti & Company Hey, guys. Could you just provide some color on tthey two new products that are going to be first to market? Just tthey size, I don’t know -- and just if ttheyre is a period, tthey period of exclusivity or just anything you could give us on that? Salvatore Guccione Good morning, Dan. Ttheyre is really not much I could give you on ttheym. Right now, again, just to repeat kind of tthey process, ttheyse are always estimates because we do not know who has filed what products with tthey FDA. Ttheyse are estimates that we have as we look at our portfolio and tthey products that we have filed based on just market information, attributes of tthey products itself. We kind of make estimates as to ttheir one we have a chance of being a first to market. So, A; it’s not a guarantee, and B; on tthey particular products I don’t have tthey actual numbers to give you. But it should be in tthey normal range of size that you’ve seen come out of Aceto and Rising. Ttheir is nothing out of tthey ordinary. Daniel Rizzo - Sidoti & Company And is ttheir something you’re going to try to focus? Ttheir is a unique opportunity with ttheyse two products or it’s like first-to-market something you kind of focus on going forward? Salvatore Guccione We always try to focus. So wtheyn you’re first-to-market -- tthey first one to tthey market gets tthey lion share in tthey beginning and hopefully tthey better margins. So tthey goal would be to have a 100% first-to-market. So, meaning we love ttheym all today, but it’s a very competitive market and it turns out that you’re not usually first-to-market. So, and just -- we’ll just highlight ttheir as to give you a sense for in ttheir year ttheyre might be a couple that wtheyre we might get our first which sometimes gives tthey superior margins at least until tthey ottheyr competition comes in. Daniel Rizzo - Sidoti & Company All right. Thank you guys. Douglas Roth Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin McKenna from Main Line Capital. Please go atheyad. Kevin McKenna - Main Line Capital Hi. Good morning, gentlemen. Great quarter. Thank you. Douglas Roth Thank you. Good morning, Kevin. Kevin McKenna - Main Line Capital You’ve added what looks to be about $9 million of fresh cash to tthey balance ttheyyet in ttheir quarter -- ttheyy’re over tthey last year pardon me, and it would seem that in tthey annual meeting for tthey Board of Directors you would raise your dividend every year, that didn’t happen ttheir year. Do you have plans to raise tthey dividend in coming quarters and can you do that in between your annual? Salvatore Guccione Kevin, thanks. It’s a good question, and I appreciate it. We look at it every quarter. We can raise it frankly wtheynever tthey Board decides it would like to raise tthey dividend. So, far we left it wtheyre it is just because as you know Aceto maybe by its nature is a little conservative with its balance ttheyyet and tthey fact that we took on some debt over tthey course of ttheir past year, we decided just to hold off little bit now. So, ttheyre’s nothing -- ttheyre’s no particular message at all within that, its just that we decided we’ll leave it tthey way it is for now. Kevin McKenna - Main Line Capital And just as a follow-up, tthey cash that’s been generated by that balance ttheyyet in tthey previous 12 months, would you expect tthey next 12 months to have a similar result? Douglas Roth Well based on what Sal said before in terms of what we’re looking forward to in fiscal 2015, yes we would think that we would generate cash in tthey same range or slightly better than fiscal 2014. Kevin McKenna - Main Line Capital All right. Thank you very much. Salvatore Guccione Thank you, Kevin. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Gregory Macosko from Montrose Advisors. Please go atheyad. Gregory Macosko - Montrose Advisors Yes, thanks. Just with regard to tthey Performance Ctheymicals, it looks like things have turned around very nicely ttheyre. Looking forward you’re saying it stabilized. Are we talking about going forward now core growth within that segment, and are tthey gross margins that you saw ttheyre kind of should we see that as being sustainable? Salvatore Guccione Okay. Good morning, Greg. Thank you. So tthey gross margins we see ttheym at ttheir point as being sustainable. I don’t know that you’ll see much more expansion, but we think ttheyy’re sustainable. In terms of tthey growth going forward just two things. One, I would just remind you that ttheir business segment in general is a very competitive business segment. So, we feel good about tthey growth that we achieved recently. We feel good about tthey change we’ve made, but we’re not expecting hyper growth out of ttheir segment. Having said that we do expect tthey business to -- it’s just not growing at a better rate than it has been in tthey past. Gregory Macosko - Montrose Advisors Good. And ttheyn tthey R&D, it looks like tthey R&D could almost double next year versus tthey sales. Is tthey sort of tthey spend rate going to be kind of matching sales growth or give us some color on that? Salvatore Guccione Yes, it’s a good question. So theirtorically our R&D spend wtheyn we acquired Rising way back ttheyn was on tthey low side, Rising didn’t spend that much. We brought it up to now what we think are -- and we’ll bring it up ttheir year to levels that we think are nearly industry norms. So, yes it does look like we’ll almost double and again we’ll see tthey fruits of those investments three to five years out from now because of just tthey profit on tthey process theyre. But what we feel good about it is that should give us a robust pipeline for tthey three to five year time horizon. Gregory Macosko - Montrose Advisors Yes, good. And ttheyn finally, with tthey SG&A if I look at it, it ticked up on a percent basis a little bit. It looks like it will be about sort of with things backed out about 12.4% of sales. Is that a kind of sustainable rate? Do see any leverage on that line? Douglas Roth Yes, our SG&A expenses ttheir year wtheyn you compare to last year ttheyre was some one-off items in ttheyre which included tthey earn-out, separation and transaction. If you would have backed out tthey R&D expense and tthey depreciation and amortization expense and tthey one-off earn-out separation and transaction expenses, on a year-over-year basis we were approximately under 11% with those backed out. So, wtheyn you talk about 12%, I don’t know if you include like depreciation and amortization. But with all that backed out we’re looking at something just south of 11% and we believe that’s tthey range -- it maybe a little bit more than that in 2015 due to tthey PACK acquisition having it under our belt for a full year. And one of tthey components of tthey PACK acquisition is tthey generic division and that little … Salvatore Guccione Branded generic. Douglas Roth Branded generic, pardon me, and that’s a little bit theyavier on SG&A as a percentage of sales. Salvatore Guccione Thanks. And so, Greg just to finish-up that question. As we look at ’15 we don’t see much leverage because of tthey points that Doug just made. But as we get behind that we would expect to see a little bit of leverage as we continue to grow tthey business. Gregory Macosko - Montrose Advisors Thank you. Good color. Douglas Roth Thank you, Greg. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Howard from Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Steven Howard - Morgan Stanley Hello, good morning. Salvatore Guccione Good morning. Douglas Roth Hi, Steve. Steven Howard - Morgan Stanley Two quick questions. One, just to callout on ag-protection. We know prior callouts have been kind of tthey times of warning to say ttheir is not sustainable. Can you talk a little bit about tthey strength of ag-protection, wtheyttheyr it’s sustainable and wtheyttheyr it’s a meaningful proportion of that side of tthey business? Salvatore Guccione Okay. So, ag which is within tthey performance ctheymicals business had a good year in 2014. I think it’s sustainable in terms of tthey performance ttheyy’ve reactheyd. Might be a slight dip ttheir year because just tthey way tthey -- kind of tthey orders come in and has to do with tthey seasonality and tthey weattheyr and things like ttheir. Last year, sometimes it ranged too much, sometimes it ranged too little. Last year it was kind of just right, so it theylped. I think tthey levels we’ve reactheyd are same below tthey long haul, but might see a little bit dip ttheir year. Steven Howard - Morgan Stanley Okay, that’s theylpful. And ttheyn, you guys have discussed both in tthey call and tthey Q&A tthey two side of tthey pipeline being tthey first-to-file. Can you talk a little bit about wtheyre you stand from a competitive position on tthey ottheyr non first-to-file in terms of wtheyre you expect market share to be and how many players ttheyre are currently in tthey high end of tthey future. I know its all in estimates but … Salvatore Guccione Sure. Yes, I’ll talk more generally because we don’t -- its estimates that we don’t know. But typically we will go after products that are not tthey blockbusters and because ttheyre might be -- it’s a little bit difficult to formulate, little bit difficult to find API or something like that. And because of tthey nature of those products we tend to end up in markets that have maybe three, four, maybe five in tthey high side competitors. And our estimates are generally that we would achieve anywtheyre from 15% to 30% market share, we’re figuring -- centered around 20%, 25%. Steven Howard - Morgan Stanley That’s very theylpful. Thank you very much. Good quarter. Salvatore Guccione Yes. Douglas Roth Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Lester Petruzzi. Please go atheyad with your question. Lester Petruzzi - Private Investor Yes, congratulations fellows on a great quarter and anottheyr great year bringing into tthey bottom line. Salvatore Guccione Thank you, Les. Lester Petruzzi - Private Investor And I want to thank you for tthey guidance, crude though is, do you expect tthey -- tthey first question, do you expect to maybe provide us that annually into tthey future? Salvatore Guccione Good question. We haven’t decided. Les, I’m sorry. Go theyad, continue. I’m sorry, I cut you off. Lester Petruzzi - Private Investor Yes, I was just going to say, if I promise not to press you wtheyre that double digit means closer to 10% or 40%, would you repeat what you said about tthey Pharmaceutical Ingredients going forward, did I -- little more granularity, did I theyar that we should expect tthey sales in earnings to be relatively flattish year-over-year next year because of tthey competitive theyadwinds? Thank you. Salvatore Guccione Okay, so a couple of things. Thank you. In terms of tthey guidance, we haven’t decided formally in terms of going forward. Ttheir year it is -- ttheyre’s quite of bit of flux between tthey PACK acquisition and its integration on tthey one hand, tthey investment in tthey branded generics as Doug mentioned, tthey decrease on tthey higtheyr margin API. On tthey ottheyr hand growth projects we have. So ttheyre is a lot going on and we thought it would be theylpful to at least try to give some directional (indiscernible) investor. I’m sorry, we’re having some feedback, hopefully you all can theyar us. With respect to tthey Pharma Ingredients piece Les, what I was saying is, we actually expect that segments to be down ttheir year in sales and more so in profits because that high margin API that theyavily impacted tthey first half and in particular tthey first quarter of 2014 is not expected to repeat at tthey levels that we achieved in 2014. We do expect to see some of it. But again given it was a very high margin product it will have an impact on that Pharma Ingredients segment. Lester Petruzzi - Private Investor But if you could tease that away for a moment just ignore that if you could recast tthey Pharma Ingredients business for a couple of years, should we look at tthey whole -- tthey rest of tthey balance of tthey Pharma Ingredients also coming under pressure or is it just because of that one goodie that we’re going to lose tthey size of it? Salvatore Guccione I think that one goodie as you call it is tthey major impact. Tthey segment in general we expect to grow tthey growth slowly. It’s a competitive segment. We have had some good wins ttheir year and aside from that product and we have a number of projects that we’re working on, but those are going to be of tthey smallest nature compared to ttheir one. Lester Petruzzi - Private Investor Okay, great. I can hardly wait for tthey first quarter or September 30 result in early November. In tthey meantime congratulations again, and good luck to you all. Thank you. Salvatore Guccione Thank you. Douglas Roth Thank you. Operator Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Okay, we have Frank DiLorenzo from Singular Research. Please go atheyad. Frank DiLorenzo - Singular Research Thanks and good morning. I had a question about tthey projects you have under development for tthey generics division. And in tthey past you’ve provided some pretty useful charts showing tthey number of projects going out a number of years and that ttheyre is going to be a very nice ramp in 2015 relative to 2014. And we have anottheyr potentially good bump up in tthey number of projects and potential launctheys between 2016 and 2018. Ttheyn going out into 2019 ttheyre is a bit of a lull -- I am assuming that’s only because it’s early days and that over time you'll kind of update us with regards to projects for tthey generic side of tthey business longer-term. So, I was wondering if you could just talk about what you’re doing ttheyre and how you see that playing out on tthey longer-term basis for your generic projects in 2019 and beyond. And also, separate from that, potential for ottheyr -- if not outright acquisitions of a company, but maybe product-type acquisitions. Thank you. Salvatore Guccione Sure, thank you. Okay, I appreciate tthey question. So a few things in that. Number one, as we wrap up tthey year now, we will continue to provide that information of wtheyre tthey process of updating it and we’ll post that to our website and it will be in our road shows going forward, so you’ll see that. In terms of ’19, ’20 and beyond couple of things. One, tthey money that we’re spending now will result in products that we file and ttheyn those will start to fill that, what looks like a lower number as you get beyond into ’19 and beyond. So that’s what -- so you’ll see that, those numbers going up, number one, because of that. Number two, tthey ottheyr thing I would predict just because it’s just tthey nature of ttheir process is right now as we see it, kind of what's posted ttheyre is you see tthey numbers as we see ttheym and tthey process slows, products drop off. Tthey FDA doesn’t approve a product that you think might get approved. And some of tthey larger number that you see in ’17 and ’18 might also slip to ’19. So you might see a little bit of a decrease ttheyre over time. But so, anyway to answer your question that void will be filled for ’19, ’20 beyond as time goes on. Ttheyre was one more called acquisition. On acquisitions, as before PACK we are looking. We continue to look both for acquisitions of entire companies just like we do with PACK as well as for product lines and et cetera and we’ll just keep you posted, we don’t predict ttheym. We try to remain disciplined and we’ll keep you posted as ttheyy come out. Frank DiLorenzo - Singular Research Thanks. Are you looking across all three business segments or is it primarily in tthey Human Health? Salvatore Guccione Well we look across all three, but tthey main focus would be in tthey human theyalth side of tthey business  Frank DiLorenzo - Singular Research Okay and one ottheyr question. Longer term on tthey Ctheymicals side of things, it seems like ttheir last quarter was a turnaround and a bit of a stabilization. Do you still plan long-term to hold on to tthey Ctheymical side? Does that provide you some important leverage in your ottheyr two verticals or its something long-term you will consider jettisoning or doing something else with? Thanks. Salvatore Guccione We like tthey cash flow that that business provides. It’s a very good business for us. Ttheyre are no plans at ttheir point to get rid of tthey business. We speak annually into Board level about all of our businesses and that would be at top of tthey conversation like many ottheyrs but at ttheir moment we like tthey way we’re built and what we’re focused on is more tthey, tthey transition of and ttheyrefore product mix shift and margin shift to tthey higtheyr margin, higtheyr growth Human Health. But we like all our businesses. Frank DiLorenzo - Singular Research Thanks. Just one ottheyr question; in hindsight, tthey Rising Pharmaceuticals acquisition has turned out to be a very solid one for tthey Company. And relative to that, much more recent PACK acquisition, I was wondering how tthey integration of tthey PACK acquisition, tthey fit for tthey Company, how that’s going relative to Rising and just your thoughts ttheyre, early days. Thanks. Salvatore Guccione Thank you. So far, so good. We’re in tthey midst of it. We’re about just four and half months or so into tthey integration. I can tell you that tthey sales force for example is one team is now, it’s made up of former PACK and former Rising folks. So that’s operating well. We focused first on tthey outward facing part of tthey business so that tthey customer base sees a very quick transition and if that’s done and clean we’re in tthey midst of some ottheyr pieces of tthey transition like some of tthey logistics pieces inventory, things like that, some finance. But basically it’s going according to sctheydule. We are, have been moving some back office operations for example PACK outsourced some of ttheyir back office operations, we’ll bring ttheym in house. So with tthey team we have at Rising and tthey folks that have come along with tthey PACK deal we feel really good about tthey entire team and tthey integration process which has got few months to go yet. Frank DiLorenzo - Singular Research Thank you. Salvatore Guccione Thank you. Operator Thank you. We have no furttheyr questions. I will now turn tthey call back to Doug Roth for closing remarks. Douglas Roth Thank you. And before we end ttheir conference call, ttheyre’s one accounting item that I would like to bring to your attention. As you will be reading in our upcoming shareholder letter that will accompany our proxy statement which we expect to issue in mid-October. We have decided to modify our methodology for calculating tthey non-GAAP adjusted diluted EPS in our future filings. We believe tthey change will better align us with tthey pharmaceutical industry financial reporting practice and ttheyrefore make financial comparisons more meaningful with our peer group. Ttheir soul change will be to include amortization of intangible assets into our non-GAAP reconciliation. So, for modeling purposes our amortization expense run rate is expected to be about $10 million in fiscal 2015 and it was $6.7 million in 2014. Again we expect to adopt ttheir change in tthey first quarter of fiscal 2015 more details will be presented in tthey upcoming shareholder letter. Salvatore Guccione Great. Thanks, Doug. Okay, well thank you. I appreciate those comments, again those are for 2015. Again thanks for joining us on tthey call today. We’re pleased with tthey 2014 performance, and we look forward to 2015. See you all in tthey next call. Thank you. Operator Thank you ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.