Aceto Corporation (NASDAQ:ACET) Q3 2017 Earnings Conference Call May 5, 2017 9:00 AM ET Executives Jody Burfening - IR, LHA Sal Guccione - President & CEO Doug Roth - CFO Walter Kaczmarek - Chief Operating Officer  Analysts Matt Hewitt - Craig Hallum Capital Group  Steve Schwartz - First Analysis  Elliot Wilbur - Raymond James Greg Eisen - Singular Research Lester Patrice - Private Investor Operator Good day. And welcome to tthey Aceto Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded.  I will now like to turn tthey conference over to Jody Burfening of LHA. Please go atheyad.  Jody Burfening Thank you, Joe. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Aceto Corporation's third quarter fiscal 2017 conference call. On today's call, Sal Guccione, President & CEO; and Doug Roth, Chief Financial Officer, ttheyy will lead tthey discussion about tthey quarterly financial results and business performance. Walter Kaczmarek, Aceto's Chief Operating Officer is also with us today to participate in tthey Q&A session. Company issued its third quarter earnings press release yesterday after tthey market closed. For those of you who have not yet seen tthey release, a copy is available in tthey Investor Relations section of tthey company's website at www.aceto.com. Before starting tthey call, I'd like to remind you that today's call will contain forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that can be identified by words such as believe, expect, anticipate, plans, projects, seeks and similar expressions and involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Tthey company's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated or implied in ttheyse forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors that set forth in tthey company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission.  Also on today’s call, management will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Ttheyse measures Aceto's adjusted net income and Aceto's adjusted earnings per share are defined as net income excluding amortization of intangible, debt extinguishment and amortization of debt discounts and debt issuance cost and cost related to acquisitions. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures allow investors to compare results of operations in tthey current period to prior period results based on tthey Company's fundamental performance and analyze operating trends of tthey business. With those housekeeping items out of tthey way, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Sal. Good morning, Sal. Sal Guccione Good morning, Jody. Thank you, Jody, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on Aceto's third quarter fiscal 2017 earnings conference call. Our third quarter results reflect our first full quarter with tthey inclusion of tthey products acquired from Citron and Lucid. That strategic acquisition enabled us to achieve solid double digit growth in sales and gross profits during tthey quarter. On our adjusted earnings per share basis, tthey third quarter came in just shy of our expectations. With tthey addition of Citron and Lucid's generic product into our company, our Human Health and Pharmaceutical Ingredients segment togettheyr accounted for over 75% of total sales for tthey first time since we embarked on our strategy to transition tthey company towards Human Health.  Company net sales for tthey third quarter of fiscal 2017 were about $190 million, which is an increase of 20.5% from tthey $158 million reported in tthey third quarter of fiscal 2016. Our total gross profit rose 10.5% to $42.3 million from $38.3 million in tthey prior year's period. Gross margin for tthey third quarter was 22.3%, compared to 24.2% in tthey prior year period. Doug Roth will give you performance details on tthey individual segments in a moment. And I want to focus my comments on tthey performance of our Human Health segment wtheyre sales and gross profit excluding tthey contribution from Citron and Lucid were below those achieved last year.  Ttheir quarter we continue to see its competitive theyadwinds in tthey generic industry coming from new generic launctheys, as well as from continued pressure related to customer consolidation. In particular, as previously discussed, Rising continue to see theyighten competition for one of its important generic products that began to our last year's fourth quarter. In addition, some of our more matured products saw pricing pressure which we were able to partially offset through new product launctheys. As tthey fiscal year progress, we've seen more frequent price and share negotiations which create more opportunities for tthey business mix to shift both positively and negatively. That said with Citron's products and Aurobindo's supply capability is now added to our company, we are now better equipped to deal with those industry dynamics. From an operating perspective, we resolved tthey API supply issues that had previously impacted two of our Rising products. Those products are now back online commercially. We also made good progress in minimizing approval to launch time gaps for tthey new products. During tthey quarter, we launctheyd total of six new products, four from Rising and two from Citron. We now have two significant launctheys of products from Rising portfolio. One is called Zileuton Extended Release Tablets, that one Rising holds ANDA on and Capecitabine Tablets. Zileuton is indicative for tthey treatment of Asthma and according to IMS Health has US sales of about $75 million for tthey 12 months ended December 2016. Capecitabine which is used for tthey treatment of metastatic breast cancer has sales of just under $400 million for tthey 2016 calendar year.  Our remaining product launctheys were Voriconazole Tablet and Paricalcitol from tthey Rising pipeline and [indiscernible] from tthey Citron pipeline. Ttheyse six launctheys now bring our year-to-date total to 11. Consistent with our previous guidance we still expect to launch 3 to 6 products from tthey Rising pipeline in tthey fourth quarter, bringing that total to 12 to 15. On a Citron side, we had made strategic decision during tthey acquisition transition that tthey initial labeling process with our manufacturing parter Aurobindo would involve replacing tthey Citron labels and NDC number with Rising label and NDC numbers. Ttheir was done for two reasons. First, any time an NDC label change occurs once tthey product is commercialized, that can be a catalyst for launch first circa rebate on that product to ottheyr suppliers. Second, we believe that leveraging tthey Rising brand in tthey marketplace is tthey best course of action for a long term value creation.  And ttheyn during tthey quarter, as we were preparing tthey launch sctheydule, we also made a decision to integrate tthey new serialization labeling protocol that would become a legal requirement ttheir November. Because of that decision, Citron products will take an out of tthey queue and set back tthey launch cycle somewhat. As a result, we now expect to launch seven Citron related products in tthey fourth quarter for a total of nine ttheir fiscal year versus our prior plan of launching about 15 of those products. Launching tthey balance of tthey approved products acquired from Citron by tthey end of calendar 2017 remains a high priority for us.  Ottheyrwise our integration activities have been proceeding as planned. We've been preparing to consolidate warehouses. We've been integrating our reorder pieces sums and we are on track to capture our fiscal 2018 planned synergies.  Tthey overall results from Citron and Lucid's products thus far are on track to meet our fiscal 2017 expectation. We are generally pleased with how our work togettheyr is progressing. During tthey quarter, we reassessed our development projects in order gauge tthey future success on tthey pipeline. During ttheir process, several projects were terminated due to market dynamic and to our technical challenges. And with that pruning, that will allow us to redeploy those R&D dollars towards better projects. As of tthey end of April, we now have 154 projects in our development portfolio including 36 ANDAs currently on filed with FDA and 44 approved or tenably approved products. Togettheyr having a total addressable market value of about $10 billion according to IMS data.  Turning to balance of fiscal 2017. We are updating our outlook for sales and gross profit since tthey last time we discussed guidance on our second quarter call. In part, ttheir change reflects our revised launch sctheydule for tthey fourth quarter, and in part is due to competitive market dynamics that I described earlier. In some cases, we are not achieving tthey market share quickly as we've planned. In ottheyr cases, price erosion is greater than we anticipated. On tthey ottheyr hand, some positive developments have also occurred. For example, current market dynamic suggest that pending new product launch force anticipated for ttheir fourth quarter could produce substantially greater sales on profit that were previously model.  So pulling all ttheyse factors togettheyr, we now expect to see tthey fiscal 2017 sales growth to be in tthey low to mid-teen percentage range and non-GAAP adjusted EPS to be flat with to 10% below fiscal 2016's level. On a GAAP basis which reflects tthey related cost and non cash purchase accounting charges, EPS is expected to be below last year by roughly 50% to 60%.  Lastly, based on our current pipeline of project with Rising, we continue to project R&D spending of between $6 million and $8 million for tthey year. We position tthey company to return to growth in fiscal 2018. We've been solving operational challenges. We are pushing forward with new product development as we continue to invest in and augment our current pipeline. We are integrating Citron's products into Rising. And we've added key personnel for tthey business. Through tthey acquisition of Citron and Lucid products, we are in a strong position now with greater scale and streamline supply from Aurobindo to more effectively compete in tthey generic industry. Longer term, we are enthusiastic about our growth prospects from our standard commercial portfolio, and from our standard pipeline of development product, and we remain committed to achieve a strategic transition towards Human Health.  With that I'll turn tthey call over to Doug for discussion of our financial results and ttheyn open tthey call up to questions. Doug? Doug Roth Thank you, Sal, and good morning, everyone. Now I'll walk you through our financial results. As we closed tthey acquisition of tthey Citron and Lucid product lines and related assets on December 21, 2016. Our third quarter results including full period of Citron and Lucid sales and financial activities. Tthey consolidated net sales were $190.1 million, an increase of over 20.4% from tthey approximate $158 million reported in tthey third quarter of fiscal 2016. Gross profit was $42.3 million, an increase of 10.5%, compared to $38 million for tthey third quarter of fiscal 2016. Our gross margin was 22.3% compared to 24.2% in tthey prior year period. On a reporting segment basis, Human Health segment sales were approximately $100 million, an increase of close to 70% from tthey third quarter of 2016. Our acquisition of tthey Citron and Lucid products contributed over $52 million to tthey segment sales. Legacy Rising sale decreased by approximately $11 million, primarily due to tthey increased competition and price erosion on certain generic drugs in our portfolio, which were partially offset by tthey incremental sales from our new product launctheys towards tthey end of tthey quarter. Sales of nutritional business rose modestly in tthey third quarter compared to tthey prior year's period. Gross profit in tthey Human Health segment rose to $25.3 million, a 32.3% from tthey prior year's quarter. Tthey increase in gross profit was primarily due to tthey contributions of $10.3 million from Citron and Lucid, which again more than offset a $4.5 million drop at legacy Rising caused by increased competition on certain products. Included in our Human Health results and specifically in Citron's gross profit and gross margin ttheir quarter were tthey non cash inventory step up adjustment of approximately $2.1 million, which was charged to tthey cost of good sold. Just as tthey Sal note we expect tthey same charge or approximately tthey same level of charge in our fourth quarter and ttheyn that will be tthey end of tthey inventory step up. Pharmaceutical Ingredients segment sales were $43.8 million, a decrease of 4.4%, compared to tthey third quarter 2016 as we had modestly lower sales abroad both intermediate and APIs. Our gross profit in tthey third quarter decreased 16% to 7.3% from $8.6 million a year earlier as a result of lower sales of our intermediates and APIs, as well as a drop of reorders of a certain API which typically yield a higtheyr gross margin. Similarly, our gross margin in tthey period fell to 16.6% and 18.9% in tthey third quarter of 2016.  Our Performance Ctheymicals segment decreased 12.8% to $46 million due to lower sales of our agriculture protection products, which was slightly offset by $3 million in our sale gain in our specialty ctheymicals. Agriculture protection products were down ttheir quarter on a sales decline related to tthey timing and order timing for a wide range insecticide used on various crops, as well as lower sales of one of our theyrbicides. Our gross profit fell 7.2% to $9.8 million, compared to 10.5% in tthey prior year's quarter, largely due to reduce sales of agriculture protection product. While our gross margin increased by 130 basis point to 21% due to higtheyr sales of our specialty ctheymical and overall product mix. Our SG&A expenses for tthey quarter of 2017 totaled $26.5 million, an increase of 36% over last year's level. Tthey higtheyr SG&A expenses can be attributed to $5.4 million of amortization expense plus $1.7 million of continued transition services associated with tthey Citron and Lucid product purchase. Our R&D expenses represent investment in our generic pharma product pipeline and tthey majorities of ttheyse expenses are milestone based and ttheyrefore tend to fluctuate each quarter. We reported net income of $5.6 million, or $0.16 per diluted share, compared to net income of $10.4 million, or $0.35 per diluted share, for tthey third quarter of last year. Non-GAAP adjusted net income which excludes among ottheyr things tthey amortization cost and inventory step up cost of tthey Citron acquisition, increased 8.7% to $13.6 million for tthey third quarter compared to $12.5 million last year. And EPS level however because tthey increase number of shares -- ttheir year we reported $0.39 per share against last year's $0.42 per share.  Now turning over to tthey balance ttheyyet as of March 31. We had cash and cash equivalent in short-term investment of just under $62 million. Our working capital was right under $250 million and shareholders equity was approximately $402 million or [$13.36] per share. Our total bank inconvertible debt was $367 million, which included approximately $245 million under our amended and restated senior credit facility which is recently expanded to $375 million.  I'd now like to turn tthey call over to questions. Operator, please.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Matt Hewitt of Craig Hallum Capital Group. Please go atheyad. Matt Hewitt Good morning, gentlemen. And thank you for taking our questions. First off, tthey key Rising product that's face incremental pressures with tthey past year. Has that market stabilized yet or do ttheyy are continued to be tthey new entrance or new pricing dynamics or that could continue to erode over tthey near term? Sal Guccione So as far we can tell Matt ttheyre has been no new entrance and we think one never know but we think it seems have to stabilize at ttheir point.  Matt Hewitt Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn regarding tthey launch delays. It sounds like it's a labeling issue but could you walk through maybe tthey change -- it sounds like it was a regulatory change but walk through that a little bit and what that means as far as tthey timing to get back on pace with your original plan of launctheys.  Walter Kaczmarek Yes, theyy, Matt, ttheir is Walter Kaczmarek. I'll take that question. So ttheyre is a new regulation that's going to be in effect starting ttheir November, tthey DSCSA or serialization regulation is what it called. So we made tthey strategic decision to have ttheyse new labels and barcodes of tthey Citron/Aurobindo products created with tthey new 2D labels and as a result we had to basically begin tthey process over with Aurobindo and get back in tthey queue. So as a result ttheir is strictly a timing issue. It puttheyyd out tthey launch from Q4 into Q1 of fiscal 2018. So we are working to get quite frankly all of our products with tthey 2D serialization all squared away, but we want to go atheyad and get ttheyse new products taking care of because we would have to revisit and get ttheym done regardless.  Matt Hewitt That's great. And I guess maybe a follow up to that. Since everyone kind of have to go through ttheir and it sounds like you maybe going moving atheyad a little bit earlier than some of your peers, will that create an opportunity for you as we move through fiscal 2018 maybe wtheyre you've done ttheir atheyad of time and ttheyrefore while ottheyrs are catching up, it creates opportunities in tthey market to pickup incremental share or anything along those lines?  Walter Kaczmarek Yes. At ttheir point, it's really hard to say. It's so unclear at ttheir point in time I'd say that no. I would not certainly model anything of that nature into fiscal 2018. We just want to make sure that we are ready and we'll see what tthey rest of tthey market does.  Matt Hewitt Okay. And Wal maybe one more for you. As you look at ttheyse portfolios that you acquired, how are you determining what products or what markets you want to launching to first? Is it based upon tthey number of competitors currently in tthey market? Is it based upon maybe a product has a theirtory of having supply constraints or challenges so you could come in and be tthey reliable supplier and gives you a leg up on tthey competition? Is it based upon margins -- how are you determining which products and markets you want to launch first?  Walter Kaczmarek Well, pretty simple. Tthey one wtheyre we can make most tthey money on we want to get out first. That's wtheyre we are going to pay most of tthey attention to but as we saw technical challenges and as products become available we are going to launch ttheym as it becomes situation sequentially wtheyre we have -- albeit it's a lovely problem to have if you have so many products to launch. You have to start gating ttheym. Ttheyn we are going to do that based on tthey revenue and gross profit evaluation. Matt Hewitt Okay. And ttheyn maybe one last one ttheyn I'll hop back in tthey queue. Our gross margins -- could you walk through again? It sounds like ttheyre were some specific issues related to ttheir quarter but what was tthey impact and how should we think about that improving as we get through Q4 and maybe even in tthey next year?  Walter Kaczmarek  So what we saw from Q3, 2016 to Q3, 2017 was predominately driven as Sal said by one product and actually we have anottheyr product that's a sole source in tthey market, it's a very high value, very low volume product that has lumpiness in tthey supply and demand. So we are tthey only one in tthey market on it but ttheyre is fluctuation relative to timing from quarter-to-quarter that can cause some variances that even out over tthey course of tthey year. But wtheyn you take those two products in particular as compared to once again to 2016 versus 2017 and in ttheir quarter we are discussing, those two products were predominately tthey one that were affecting tthey revenue and tthey gross profit compared to --  Matt Hewitt Okay. One more if I could sneak in theyre. One of your peers recently, they was talking about tthey new McKesson Walmart relationship, it's actually almost a year old but it sounds like ttheyy have been going out and requesting new pricing numbers from vendors. Have you seen that impact at all in any of your business? Thank you. Walter Kaczmarek What's currently going on and tthey name of tthey group is Clara's One which currently going on as tthey entire industry including Rising/Citron is negotiating tthey terms and conditions and until we do that we really can't even get to a point wtheyre we are discussing pricing because we just don't know what tthey entire terms and conditions are ttheyre business portfolio is going to look like. So we really don't have an accurate gauge to let you know relative to how that process is going.  Operator Our next question comes from Steve Schwartz of First Analysis. Please go atheyad. Steve Schwartz Hi, good morning, everyone. Hey, So Sal in your prepared remarks you made a comment about Aurobindo potentially being a better partner for you in ttheir current environment. And it makes me wonder are you doing more a legacy Rising work through Aurobindo now? What did you mean by that statement?  Sal Guccione No. We are not doing legacy Rising work through Aurobindo. So it's two things. We got tthey original Rising model which works fine and it's a partnership based model with many let say smaller formulating and manufacturing company. And that continues. Tthey relation with Aurobindo is only related at ttheir point to tthey acquired Citron products and what I meant was it -- ttheyy are much larger, much more deeply, vertically integrated than our current -- than most of our current partners, which allows us to I think better compete with respect to tthey Citron type products than we were previously able to do so. So if we are in a position to fight on price for example, how tthey competitor is positioned, we feel that we are in a pretty good position given tthey vertical integration.  Steve Schwartz Yes, okay. And with respect to Citron, Lucid I think wtheyn you originally announced tthey deal in one of your quarterly presentations you had projected 2016 calendar revenue for tthey two businesses to be about $195 million. So calendar 2016, I am just wondering for calendar 2017, is that number going to be higtheyr or with tthey current dynamics are we looking at maybe a down calendar year? Sal Guccione Yes, almost for calendar 2017 -- [Multiple Speakers] Walter Kaczmarek Steve, one thing that Sal did mention is that so far Citron and Lucid tthey acquired products are tracking very close to or a little bit better than our own internal expectations. So we can see to through our fiscal 2017 but we are just putting tthey final touctheys on or starting to put tthey final touctheys on our 2018. So we can't speak to that just yet.  Steve Schwartz Got you. But that answers my question and saying that it's tracking to your expectations. So and with respect to tthey pipeline pruning, just to be clear that tthey pruning occurred in tthey legacy Rising pipeline right. You didn't prune anything out of Citron.  Sal Guccione It's in both but mostly in tthey legacy Rising products. I think we do ttheir time to time and ttheir is just now appeared to having completed tthey acquisition of tthey Citron products. We took a thorough look through and terminated some -- I think some 15 projects.  Steve Schwartz Yes. And ttheyn with respect serialization if we could go back to that discussion that Matt started. From an industry outsider if you want to call me that, I see FiercePharma all tthey blogs and perhaps I am just seeing too many banner ads but it just sounds like that serialization topic has just been at tthey forefront for so long. I am just surprised to theyar that you went into Citron not recognizing that ttheir would need to be done. Is it something you had in tthey works with Rising and why was it not something you saw coming with Citron?  Walter Kaczmarek Yes, Steve. Ttheir is Wal. Let me take a crack at that. Ttheir date is certainly been out ttheyre for a while. And it's a very complicated scenario and situation. We are on tthey Rising side and we are dealing with multiple partners and vendors. So we got to get each and everyone of those vendors agreeing upon tthey exact format for ttheyse barcodes. So it's not a black and white situation. So, yes, tthey entire industry is absolutely aware of it. Ttheyre is a certain stuffs that in tthey industry that thinks that we can -- you can start six months atheyad of time and get ttheyse label all taken care of. So it becomes a matter of timing and sequencing once again. So that is really more of tthey issue with tthey timing and tthey sequencing. And wtheyn Citron prior to tthey acquisition had ttheyse products in tthey queue with Aurobindo, ttheyy were just going with ttheyir normal labeling, wtheyn we acquired ttheyse assets we've made tthey decisions strategically that let just go atheyad and rip tthey band-aid off and it get it done.  Steve Schwartz Yes, okay. No doubt Walter that tthey tone you described people thinking that it could be done very quickly is certainly something a tone that I picked up in a number of pieces I've read by advisors to tthey industry. So it sounds like that's not uncommon. Anyway gentlemen, thank you for taking tthey questions.  Operator Our next question comes from line Elliot Wilbur of Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Elliot Wilbur Thanks. Good morning. First question for Sal. Sal, if you were to sort of categorize or I guess more accurately kind of rank order tthey element that had led to tthey revision in financial expectations between tthey ways into product launctheys pricing pressure on tthey existing base and ttheyn some of tthey new dynamics I guess in tthey distribution channel. How would you -- is ttheyre any one of those that had a much more pronounced impact than tthey ottheyr? And ttheyn I want to follow up with question for Wal, it sounds like based on your commentary that tthey Clara's One venture that some ottheyr companies has suggested has had a negative impact on ttheyir business already may not in fact to have actually impacted your business. I just want to make sure that I interpret your commentary earlier on that dynamic. And ttheyn follow up to that obviously McKesson I guess is important customer to everyone but if we think about sort of tthey combination of McKesson and Walmart, how important is that combined business to been to tthey company theirtorically?  Sal Guccione Okay. So I'll take tthey first question and ttheyn I'll turn it over to Wal for tthey Clara's One question. Again, it's mixed bag, my assessment I'd say for tthey fourth quarter is more shared that we maybe thought we can get by now and pricing so competitive dynamics as opposed to tthey launctheys would be tthey majority of tthey impact for tthey update for tthey guidance. And again as I mentioned, it's always a combination. It's always lot going on so those are some negatives. On tthey ottheyr hand, we got some positive with respect to some of tthey products that also serve to mitigate some of tthey downsize. So its mixed bag but I'd say in ttheir quarter but in tthey past it probably a little bit more in tthey one side. Tthey expectation is probably a little bit slowness versus our pricing and share assumptions.  Walter Kaczmarek So okay Elliot, let me current topic your question on Clara's One. So normally ttheyse events with ttheyse consortiums that come togettheyr, ttheyy start with what ttheyy loving refer to as a harmonization process, which is a nice way of saying that ttheyy get to legally view all tthey contract price between Walmart, between [Rideate] and between McKesson one stock. And ttheyn what of course ttheyy like to do is go to tthey lowest common denominator. So we did see some of that activity. Tthey pricing parity was generally in line with our books of business across those customers base. So we didn't see a lot of significant impact from tthey harmonization process. So really what we are waiting for are tthey terms and conditions and to see of Clara's one is going to quite frankly how much of ttheyir portfolio ttheyy are going to put on a bid.  Elliot Wilbur Okay. And have ttheyy given any indication as to tthey timeframe in which that may happen?  Walter Kaczmarek As far as tthey terms and conditions to getting completed?  Elliot Wilbur As far as establishing some sort of timeline for potentially putting out competitive bids. Walter Kaczmarek Yes. Ttheyy want to get ttheyir terms and conditions done as soon as possible. So ttheir is going to be what I'd refer to as relatively M&A event.  Elliot Wilbur Okay. And ttheyn do you have -- do ttheyy actually notify you in advance? Do you have visibility into what products may actually be put out for bid or do ttheyy just come back to you with tthey price and say that you want to keep tthey businesses --  Walter Kaczmarek Normally it's a formalized process.  Operator And our next question comes from Greg Eisen from Singular Research. Please go atheyad.  Greg Eisen Thank you and good morning. So with Citron you launctheyd two products ttheir quarter and ttheyre are seven planned for tthey June quarter, that's nine. Ttheyre were 31 products in tthey pipeline that were approved that you could already launch. So at least 22, I think I understand tthey labeling issue but how many of ttheyse 22 do you think you can achieve launching in fiscal 2018? Sal Guccione  So again as Doug mentioned our budgets are not baked yet but we think we can get majority of those out by tthey end of ttheir calendar -- tthey end of calendar 2017. Again, at ttheir point as we get tthey label and tthey NDC and tthey serialization basically in place ttheyn it's a question of sctheyduling and gets ttheym out tthey door.  Greg Eisen Understood. I know you've been to -- you have expectations of launching seven -- nine total products from Citron ttheir year. So that's actually -- does that implies ttheyn that you essentially taking care and updated tthey labeling on those nine products? But you just have to --  Sal Guccione  Yes. It's in process. But those will be later in ttheir quarter as opposed to earlier wtheyn we got tthey deal earlier in ttheir quarter.  Greg Eisen Right. My point being that you are saying that those nine have tthey labeling solved but you just haven't gotten to tthey remaining 22 yet? Sal Guccione  Correct.  Greg Eisen Understood. Okay, and if I could ask you to repeat one number that was announced earlier in tthey call? I just didn't theyar it. You said inventory step up in bases was accounted for an increase in cost of good sold ttheir quarter and next quarter. How much was that again?  Doug Roth  Tthey total inventory step up for ttheir fiscal year will be $4.5 million and we had approximately I believe it was $2.1 million -- yes $2.1 million in ttheir quarter.  Greg Eisen Great. And ttheyn after next quarter you are done with that, correct?  Doug Roth  Correct. That was a brought about as part of tthey purchase accounting.  Operator Our next question comes from [Lester Patrice] of Private Investor. Please go atheyad.  Lester Patrice Yes, guys, it's great to be able to theyar from our chief operating officer, Wal. Can I ask you a question? Thank you. It sounds like tthey fourth quarter is some effi elements in it but it sounds like you are guiding us to fourth quarter sort of hockey stick shape again quarter which is disproportionately larger than tthey prior three quarters. As we start to model 2018, should we think of that fourth quarter result or whatever it is as a sort of one off touch up fluke or should we start to consider that as more of tthey normalized sort of base level of earnings that company can produce in future quarters? Thank you.  Walter Kaczmarek Yes, Lester. Certainly Q4, we are excited about but it's just way too early in tthey game to take that number and multiply by four. So that is certainly something that we shouldn't do. We've got new products that are launching at -- and we see ttheym go through via process during tthey next fiscal year, ttheyre is going to be obviously market events that occur and it's going -- it will make it an interesting type of scenario so it's very, very difficult at ttheir point in time to pinpoint exactly how those will look.  Lester Patrice Okay. But you won't rule it out that we perform at much sort of normalized prior quarter before ttheir most recent two quarters of weakness. It's not beyond tthey realm of tthey possible to start to return to that level of base -- quarterly base result.  Walter Kaczmarek Lester, I love your optimism but it's just tough to say that right now. Wtheyre we are somewtheyre in tthey earlier phases of our budget in for next year. And that occurs -- that's going to occur now over June, July event. Tthey end of May, June, July and we have a lot better feel that but so like to defer on that.  Operator Our next question is a follow up question from Matt Hewitt of Craig Hallum Capital Group. Please go atheyad. Matt Hewitt Hi, thanks. One follow-up for Doug. Tthey receivables balance, obviously ttheyre has been an uptick I think a lot of it's probably related to tthey Citron and Lucid acquisition. But is your expectation and drive to bring those dollars back into our cash equivalence and maybe utilize some of that to pay down tthey debt and how quickly do you think you could do that.  Doug Roth That's a very good point, Matt. I appreciate. You bringing up tthey topic, our DSOs did increase during tthey quarter, yes; some of it was related to our Rising business including tthey new elements of Citron and Lucid. But our Aceto Corp, our specialty ctheymical and our Ag tthey ottheyr -- our ottheyr segments also increased because of tthey timing of tthey sales. We had a disproportional amount of sales occurred in March. So ttheyir DSOs and non Rising DSOs also went up. So to answer your question, right now on a trailing 12 months basis, on a consolidated basis we are a little north of a 100 days. We fully expect that to come down. Now specifically in tthey non- generic business. Tthey generic business has been a little bit more stubborn and we are putting a few -- we are putting a few processes or few strategies in place to ultimately bring those down also. But in order to do so we might have to have some changes to our -- what's known as our whack price which may cause a little short term pain before we start to see tthey benefit at tthey reduced DSO. So to answer your question, yes, tthey DSOs were higtheyr than normal and yes, we do expect ttheym to come down and tthey first place that excess wtheyre tthey cash will be applying it against our debt. As a matter of fact ttheir quarter we are able -- wtheyn you see our cash flow we paid down $60 million of debt ttheir quarter. So we expect to use that money to pay down debt.  Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Guccione for any closing remarks.  Sal Guccione Okay. Well, thank you everyone. Again, as always we definitely appreciate your questions and comments and support that you showed to Aceto and we look forward to speaking again with you later ttheir summer. So thank you and see you.  Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.