ACETO Corporation (NASDAQ:ACET) Q4 2016 Results Earnings Conference Call August 26, 2016 9:00 AM ET Executives Jody Burfening - IR, LHA Sal Guccione - President and CEO Doug Roth - CFO Analysts Matt Hewitt - Craig-Hallum Capital Steve Schwartz - First Analysis Kevin McKenna - Main Line Capital Greg Eisen - Singular Research Operator Welcome to tthey ACETO Fiscal 2016 Fourth Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Paulette, and I’ll be your operator for today’s call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that ttheir conference is being recorded. I will now turn tthey call over to Jody Burfening. You may begin. Jody Burfening Thank you, Paulette. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to ACETO Corporation’s fourth quarter fiscal 2016 conference call. Ttheir is Jody Burfening of LHA. With me today are Sal Guccione, President and CEO; and Doug Roth, Chief Financial Officer. Company issued its fourth quarter earnings press release yesterday afternoon after tthey market closed. For those of you who have not yet seen tthey release, a copy is available in tthey Investor Relations section of tthey Company’s website at www.aceto.com. Before starting tthey call, I’d like to remind you that today’s call will contain forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that can be identified by words such as believe, expect, anticipate, plans, projects, seeks and similar expressions that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Tthey Company’s actual results could differ materially from those anticipated or implied in ttheyse forward-looking statements, as a result of certain risk factors as set forth in tthey Company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, on today’s call, management will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Ttheyse measures adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share excludes amortization of intangible, cost associated with tthey Company's convertible debt, environmental remediation charges and transaction costs related to acquisitions. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures allow us to compare results of operations in tthey current period to prior period results based on tthey Company's fundamental performance and analyze operating trends of tthey business. With those housekeeping items out of tthey way, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Sal. Good morning, Sal. Sal Guccione Thank you, Jody, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on ACETO's fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings conference call. Fiscal 2016 was anottheyr successful year for ACETO on several levels. We achieved records for sales, gross profits, operating profit, net income and earnings per share. We increased our total Company gross margin to 25.6%, up from 24.8% last year. At tthey same time, gross profits increased in all three of our business segments. For tthey full year, our Human Health and Pharmaceutical Ingredients business segments collectively accounted for 70% of our total sales and 75% of our total gross profit. During tthey year, we completed a $144 million convertible senior notes offering at very attractive rates. That offering allowed us to bulk up our balance ttheyyet and put us in better position to execute on our external growth plans, tthey acquisition of products, assets and/or entire businesses. Consistent with our external growth activities, in fiscal 2016, we acquired six FDA approved ANDAs, three from Nexus Pharmaceuticals and three from Endo International. Tthey latter purchase was strategically important for us as it was tthey first time we'd gone through tthey complete process for acquiring products from an FTC regulatory driven divestiture. And that hopefully opens tthey doors for ACETO to future similar opportunities now that tthey regulatory authorities recognize ACETO and Rising as a viable acquirer of such products. We continued to invest in our internal product development pipeline in fiscal 2016 with R&D spend up 34% to a level of $7.9 million. During tthey year, we launctheyd seven new finittheyyd dosage form products, which was within our expected range of 6 to 10 product launctheys for tthey year. We also added eight new products to tthey pipeline over tthey course of tthey year. In terms of development, we currently have 103 total projects in our pipeline, which includes 47 ANDAs currently on file with tthey FDA. Those 47 ANDAs have -- currently have total IMS estimated end-market sales of about $6 billion. Of tthey ANDAs on file, 37 have been with tthey FDA for over 24 months; and of those, 16 have been on file for over 36 months. Ttheir information compares with 107 projects in tthey pipeline at tthey end of tthey third quarter of fiscal 2016 and 49 ANDAs on file at that time. Looking at tthey full year numbers for fiscal 2016, net sales were $559 million, which is an increase of 2% over fiscal 2015. Gross profit was just under a $143 million, which is an increase of 5%, and GAAP net income was $34.8 million or increase of 4% versus last year. GAAP EPS increased by about 3.5% to $1.18 a share. Finally, on a non-GAAP basis, our non-GAAP adjusted EPS increased by 13% to $1.50 a share, that compares to $1.33 a share in fiscal 2015. So overall, we’re pleased with our development efforts and our operating performance for tthey full year. Regarding our fourth quarter 2016, in contrast to last year’s period of record results, ttheir year’s final quarter was a more challenging one. As you may recall, in last year’s fourth quarter, we reported very strong results, in particular in our Human Health segment, which was driven by solid overall performance, as well as $9.5 million sales adjustment and $3.5 million earn-out adjustment. In ttheir year’s quarter, in addition to facing a difficult year-over-year performance comparison, we also encountered intensified competition at Rising, which turned out ultimately greater than what we had previously anticipated. Furttheyr, we were not able to recover any of tthey larger than normal chargebacks that we discussed on our third quarter call. And in tthey quarter, we also recorded and unanticipated $1.3 million charge related to remediation work at Arsynco property. All that togettheyr, we reported an 80% decrease in sales, and 37% decrease in non-GAAP adjusted EPS in tthey quarter. Turning to tthey individual segments, I’ll touch on some highlights and ttheyn Doug will provide more details on that, as well as review our fourth quarter financial results. In our Human Health segment, sales grew in fiscal 2016 by 1% to a level of $228 million and gross profit increased by 3% to just under $78 million. Our Rising Pharmaceutical business saw modest gains in sales while our Nutritionals business had essentially flat top-line results versus tthey prior year. With respect to gross profit, we saw similar dynamics within tthey Human Health segment, which resulted in tthey full year gross profit gain of about 3%. Our Pharma Ingredients and Performance Ctheymicals businesses experienced trend that were fairly constant throughout tthey year. For Pharma Ingredients, sales were $161 million in fiscal 2016, which is an 8% increased over 2015, had some stronger sales of APIs internationally. API gains more than offset lower sales in intermediates during tthey year. Our gross margin in tthey segment remained stable at 17.9%. And as a result, gross profit in tthey segment increased by 8% to $28.8 million. So overall, a nice year by tthey Pharma Ingredients business. In Performance Ctheymicals, sales dropped by 2% to just under $170 million. Gross profit however grew by 10% to $36.2 million. That growth is a result of favorable product mix, both in our ag products business, as well as specialty ctheymicals business, and also due to decline in costs within specialty ctheymicals for products sourced from China. Given that, gross margin in ttheir segment rose by over 200 basis points in a year to a level of 21.3%. That business has seen steady margin improvement, over tthey last number of years. Looking atheyad to fiscal 2017, we have robust new product launch plans for tthey year, expecting to launch between 12 and 15 new products at Rising during ttheir fiscal year; if we do that that will be approximately twice tthey number of products launctheyd in fiscal 2016; and included in that estimate is tthey Fluocinolone products that we launctheyd earlier ttheir week -- that we announced earlier ttheir week. In addition, we currently have nine ANDAs that are currently approved or tentatively approved, pending launching in our pipeline. Our launctheys are expected to occur over tthey course of tthey year and ttheyrefore ttheyir associated revenue and gross profit gain should build as tthey year progresses. That said, we do expect that those gains will be moderated by tthey theyightened competition that we are seeing on our existing commercial products. All factors considered, we do expect that fiscal 2017 will be anottheyr year of growth for ACETO. We are currently projecting that sales and non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share growth for fiscal 2017 will be in a mid single-digit percentage range and GAAP EPS is expected to grow at a slower rate than that, and that's primarily due to tthey full year interest expense impact of our 2016 convertible debt offering. As we'll be launching a number of new generic products over tthey course of fiscal 2017, we expect that our second half performance will come in stronger than that which we will achieve in tthey first half of tthey year. Finally, before I turn tthey call over to Doug, I would like to make one closing point, which is that in each of tthey last six years as we have steadily transformed ACETO in to an increasingly human theyalth oriented company, we've leveraged tthey top line gains into stronger bottom line increases. And although our fiscal 2017 guidance anticipates more moderate growth, our objective remains to enhance our business infrastructure and grow profits while continuing to transition towards human theyalth. And to that end, we continue to prepare for a future larger ACETO, and tthey Chief Operating Officer position to our senior executive team is an important step toward preparing for ttheir future. With tthey addition of Walt Kaczmarek, we have brought on a seasoned industry veteran who possesses experience across tthey entire human theyalth value chain from development to manufacturing to sales and marketing. He has experience, good for us in both APIs as well as finittheyyd dose generics and very excited to have Walt on our team. In addition to human capital, we are making significant investments in IT to bring a new state of tthey art ERP system aligned at Rising. Ttheir will address generic industry needs for better access to data and FDA mandated improvements in drug distribution, label and serialization. So expanding tthey management team and bolstering our IT systems at Rising are just two examples of steps we're taking in fiscal 2017 to theylp ensure that we are properly positioned to successfully generate and mange growth over tthey long term. So with that, I will turn tthey call over to Doug and ttheyn, we'll pick up with questions. Doug? Doug Roth Thank you, Sal and good morning everyone. I will walk you through our financial results for tthey fourth quarter and ttheyn tthey fiscal year. As Sal mentioned, our net sales for tthey fourth quarter were $135 million a decrease of 7.6% from $146.6 million in tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. Our gross profit was $34 million, a decrease of 17.3% compared to $41 million in tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. Gross margin for tthey fourth quarter was 25.1%, as compared to 28% in tthey prior year period. On a reporting segment basis, Human Health segment sales were $52.7 million, decrease of 18% from tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. Rising Pharmaceuticals accounted for essentially all of tthey sales decline, primarily due to increased competition in ttheir business and tthey fact that last year’s fourth quarter benefited from a favorable sales adjustment of approximately $9.5 million, as we had a change in estimate related to our returns accrual. On tthey Nutritional front, sales for both tthey U.S. and abroad were relatively flat versus tthey prior year fourth quarter. Gross profit for Human Health segment decreased 33% to $16.7 million, reflecting tthey drop and rising sales and again last year’s very difficult comp due to tthey aforementioned favorable sales adjustment. Our Pharmaceutical Ingredients segment sales were $42.6 million, an increase of 11.3%, compared to fourth quarter 2015. Our gross profit for tthey fourth quarter increased 13.7% to $7.9 million from $6.9 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2015, due to a more favorable product mix. Our Performance Ctheymicals segment decreased 8.6% or sales rattheyr decreased 8.6% to $40.2 million from $43.9 million in tthey fourth quarter 2015, largely due to reduced specialty ctheymicals sales of pigments, coatings and agricultural intermediates. However, our gross profit edged up slightly by 1.5% to $9.5 million, reflecting an improved product mix in our agricultural protection products and a decline in costs for specialty ctheymical products sourced from China, primarily due to tthey devaluation of tthey Chinese currency. Our SG&A for tthey fourth quarter increased from $16.8 million to $20.4 million or 15% of sales. Tthey absolute and percentage increases in tthey quarter were 100% due to tthey fact that tthey prior year’s quarter benefited from 3.5% earn-out adjustment related to tthey PACK acquisition. Our investment in research and development for tthey fourth quarter totaled $1.7 million, compared that $2.7 million in tthey comparable period last year, as milestone achievement and project initiatives remained lumpy on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Our lower gross profits combined with higtheyr SG&A led to a sharp drop in operating income to $11.9 million versus $21.6 million. Our net income was $6.8 million or $0.23 per share, compared to net income of $13.6 million or $0.46 per share for tthey fourth quarter of last year. Our non-GAAP adjusted net income was $10.3 million or $0.35 a share for tthey fourth quarter, compared to $14 million or $0.48 per diluted share last year. Our EBITDA for tthey fourth quarter was $15.7 million, a decrease of $10.3 million or 40% over tthey same quarter last year. Most of that decrease was driven by tthey two adjustments I spoke about in terms of last year, tthey sales adjustment related to tthey returns accrual and tthey PACK adjustment related to tthey contingent consideration of tthey earn-out. For tthey 12 months ended June 30, 2016, our net sales were a record of $58.5 million (sic) [$558.5 million], a 2.1% increase from tthey $547 million for fiscal 2015. On a constant euro currency basis, fiscal 2016 net sales increased by 4.1% over last year. For tthey full year, segment sales in Human Health were $228 million, an increase of 1.2%; our Pharmaceutical Ingredient segment sales were $161 million, an increase of 7.8%; and our pharmaceutical ctheymical sales were $169.5 million, a slight increase of 1.7%. Our gross profit was a $142.8 million, an increase of 5.4% compared to gross profit of $135.4 million for tthey prior year. Our full year gross margin expanded to 25.6%, an increase of 80 basis points. Gross profit for Human Health was $77.9 million, an increase of 2.8%; Pharmaceutical Ingredient gross profit increased 7.8% to just under $29 million; and our Performance Ctheymicals gross profit increased 9.5% to $36.2 million. Turning to SG&A, our SG&A expenses were $76.8 million, a 5% increase. Included in fiscal 2016 SG&A expenses were increased stock-based compensation expenses, corporate business development expenses, and again, we had a $2.4 million less of a favorable adjustment related to tthey PACK earn-out wtheyn you compare 2016 to 2015. Our research and development expenses were $7.9 million compared to $5.9 million last year and our operating income is $58 million compared to $56.3 million last year, a 3% increase. For tthey full year, we reported net income, was a record $34.8 million or a $1.18 per diluted share compared to $33.5 million or a $1.14 per diluted share for 2015, increases of 4% and 3.5% respectively. Our non-GAAP net income was $44.5 million compared to $38.9 million last year, a 14.3% increase. Non-GAAP earnings per share were a $1.50 compared to a $1.33, a 12.8% increase. Finally, our EBITDA for tthey full year was $73.5 million, an increase of $3.9 million for fiscal 2016. Now, turning to tthey balance ttheyyet, as of June 30, 2016, our cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments were $67.7 million, our working capital was just under $253 million, and shareholders’ equity of $304 million or $10.29 per share. As a result of our convertible debt offering, our long-term debt was just under $119 million and we had no outstanding balances under our senior credit facility. Our trade receivables increased by $6.1 million for tthey year ended June 30, 2016. And our DSOs increased from 77 days as of June 30, 2015 to 83 days as of June 30, 2016. Tthey increase in DSOs reflects tthey trend towards longer term and our specialty ctheymical business and Rising. Financially, ACETO remains strong with ample capital resources to support our future growth plans. I would now like to open up tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Matt Hewitt from Craig-Hallum Capital. Please go atheyad. Matt Hewitt Good morning, gentlemen. Thank you for tthey update. Sal Guccione Good morning, Matt. Thank you. Matt Hewitt A handful of questions; tthey first of which, so, you were able to launch seven new products in fiscal 2016. On tthey last call, you had talked about tthey potential launch up to four more before tthey end of tthey fiscal year, so before June 30th. It appears that those launctheys got puttheyyd out. What would impact tthey timing of a launch? Is it with tthey CMOs, is it related to packaging or insert? Help us understand why tthey launctheys are being delayed a little bit. Sal Guccione Sure. In fact, I think on tthey call we had we said -- tthey products we announced ttheir week, tthey Fluocinolones for example, at that time, we were expecting that ttheyy would get in say in June. Ttheyy got delayed by a little bit. Generally, as you know, we don’t manufacture, so it’s usually some sort of slowness at tthey CMO level for one reason or anottheyr, maybe a validation that’s happened; maybe a test that kind of went not right; maybe equipment that hasn’t -- that was expected to be available and now has gotten used for something else. So, it’s a variety of things, but it’s generally at tthey CMO level of that point. Matt Hewitt Okay. And ttheyn, as we think about -- so you’ve gotten two already approved. What’s tthey split in tthey nine ottheyr products that have been approved that are ready, you can launch immediately versus tentatively approved? Sal Guccione Sure, I understand tthey question. So, we’ve got nine approved. Our sctheydule right now is that tthey majority of those should be launctheyd over tthey course of first tthey -- and mostly second quarter but first half of ttheir year. Matt Hewitt Okay. That’s theylpful. Obviously, tthey quickly you get those out, obviously that theylps tthey back end of tthey year. Regarding tthey rest of tthey portfolio, I think, you said last quarter of tthey 47 ANDAs that you had on file with tthey FDA; 30 of those had target action dates or PDUFA dates. So, is that still tthey case or have you received some more since ttheyn? Sal Guccione We received a few more, we’ve also launctheyd a few. So tthey number is generally right around that same -- tthey same amount, I think it might still be 30, right ttheyre. Matt Hewitt Okay. You touctheyd on ttheir briefly in tthey prepared remarks. Tthey rebates, I don’t if ttheir is a proper term, but tthey double dipping that occurred last quarter, it sounds like you were not successful in calling back some of that. Is ttheyre still hope that that could happen or have you just basically said, it was part of doing business and maybe ttheyy will get us back at some point in tthey future? Sal Guccione It’s somewtheyre in between, Matt, yes. We’ve had a lot of dialog with our customers and we’re trying to exchange that data to try to compel ttheym to tthey CR [ph] point. And we’re not yet successful, but we are vigorously trying to work through it. Matt Hewitt Okay, how frustrating. Couple of more items and ttheyn I will hop back in tthey queue. Regarding tthey margin, tthey gross profit margin for tthey Human Health segment in Q4, obviously it dipped even versus Q3 tthey competition coming in. How should we think about it; I mean, is that kind of kind of a low watermark as you look out over tthey next four quarters. Should we build off of that or does it may be take one more step down theyre in Q1 before rebounding as you get some of ttheyse new products launctheyd? Sal Guccione I think as we look into Q1, ttheyre probably might be one anottheyr little bit dip down and ttheyn we expect ttheir Q2, Q3 and Q4 go on that we should start to see tthey pick up again. Matt Hewitt Okay. And ttheyn, may be one last one from me. Maybe talk a little bit about tthey M&A landscape. Obviously you guys have bolstered your balance ttheyyet for a purpose. What are you seeing from opportunity standpoint; is ttheyre anything out ttheyre? Not getting into specifics, are you seeing some opportunities that you could may be deploy some of that capital to augment your R&D pipeline? Thank you. Sal Guccione Thank you. So, a lot like tthey last time wtheyn we spoke, which is we're actively looking; it's competitive market and also it's a market in which companies and tthey size range, and what we're looking for ttheyre aren't loads of targets. So, I would say, we're going to continue to look real hard and we're also going to focus not only on entire companies but more and more product line and tthey type acquisitions. We've got tthey money, so we're going to be aggressive looking ttheir year. Operator And our next question comes from Steve Schwartz from First Analysis. Please go atheyad. Steve Schwartz Good morning, everyone. Sal Guccione Good morning. Doug Roth Hi Steve. Steve Schwartz Can you characterize tthey nature of tthey generics competition for us? Is it across a lot of products, is it one specific product, what's tthey impact to mix, is it going after or is it impacting you on higtheyr margin product or lower margin product, if you could give us some color in that regard? Sal Guccione Sure. So, in general, we've seen and we've talked about ttheir little bit in tthey past too that across tthey board in tthey generic industry, you are seeing more approvals by tthey FDA, which leads to products in tthey market, which leads to more competition generally. And so, we see that. In our case though, tthey dip that we are seeing right now is really isolated to a few products and probably one product in particular, which happens to be one of our more profitable products. And that's tthey way it kind of goes in tthey generic industry; also, it's a little bit of an open book with IMS data and things like ttheir. And so, folks look for wtheyre competitors have less competition and better market position, and those are tthey products ttheyy go after. So that's what’s happened with us. And so, I think we need to ride through ttheir hurdle right now wtheyre tthey competition has come after one of our best products frankly. Steve Schwartz Okay. And Sal, if you could just give us an idea with respect to ttheir one product that’s facing competition, and I ask ttheir to get a flavor of what your product rollouts may ramp like. But in terms of ttheir one product that’s facing competition, wtheyn did your competition come out or get tthey approval, wtheyn did ttheyy start to market tthey drug; how quickly has it taken ttheym to have ttheir kind of impact on you? Sal Guccione I don’t have tthey exact dates on that, but I’d say, tthey impact has been theyre in tthey fourth quarter. Steve Schwartz Okay. And ttheyn with respect to tthey Performance Ctheymicals business, you’re noting that you had lower costs coming out of China. And admittedly even though that’s FX, I wonder to what extent will you have to pass those through eventually? Did you have a short-term price cost benefit that’s going to evaporate in coming quarters? Sal Guccione That’s good question. I don’t know if it’s going to evaporate or not. Right now, our thought is things should continue. We have been over tthey course of tthey year passing that on to our customers. And you try to hold on to what you can. So that’s tthey dynamic that we’ve seen, which is for us lower costs; we try to hold on to some; a lot of that part of business distribution. So, we pass some of that on to our customers. And tthey net effect is lower top-line sales, which we’ve seen, but higtheyr profits, and had higtheyr margins and higtheyr profits. So, I don’t know if it’s short-lived; we’re trying to manage it, so that it’s more of a permanent part of our business. Steve Schwartz Okay. And ttheyn, if I could ask one last question. And ttheir is just in tthey context of tthey M&A discussion and your balance ttheyyet, if you can add to that, what is your free cash flow outlook for fiscal 2017 and even fiscal 2018? Can you give us a general idea of how much cash tthey business might generate? Doug Roth Well, Steve, if you -- in our prepared remarks, we said that our EBITDA was, call it $80 million, was a little bit short of that, but just for easy math, right? So against that, you’ll have taxes paid and CapEx. But ttheir year, as compared to last year, wtheyn you took a look at our working capital, our working capital was influenced by an increase in DSOs. But we believe that tthey DSOs is at a high watermark, so won’t increase from theyre. So everything being equal, again, it should be -- proxy would be, it would be our EBITDA less taxes and CapEx. Sal Guccione And I would add CapEx obviously for our business is essentially must, [ph] it’s R&D. We’re also spending money on dividend that we just announced and things like that. We don’t have facilities that we -- substantial facility reinvestment. Steve Schwartz That’s right. Okay. No, that’s theylpful. Okay. Thanks to both of you. Sal Guccione Thank you. Doug Roth Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Kevin McKenna from Main Line Capital. Please go atheyad. Kevin McKenna Hi. Good morning, gentlemen. Historically, you’ve been reporting past Labor Day for ttheir quarter, sometime late in tthey first week or early second week of September. Are you now going to change your reporting cycle, ttheir is a new normal? Sal Guccione Well, Kevin, yes, it is a new normal. And tthey reason is because we’re now considered a large accelerated filer, because of our market cap size as of December 31, 2015. So, ttheir is our new normal. So, we have a 60 days report as opposed to before we had 75 days. Kevin McKenna Okay. So, we should expect that each reports two to three weeks earlier than ttheyy normally come? Sal Guccione Only annually; in anottheyr words, quarterly, it’s tthey same. Kevin McKenna Okay. So, -- all right. Sal Guccione So, our fourth quarter will be in and around ttheir time next year. Kevin McKenna All right. Thank you very much. Sal Guccione You're welcome. Operator [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Greg Eisen from Singular Research. Please go atheyad. Greg Eisen Thanks and good morning. I would like to go back to tthey subject of -- in tthey Human Health, tthey one product wtheyre you saw tthey competition start to come in and affect your margin, I think you said in Q4. Should we expect a continued annualization effect for that one product’s margin affecting your overall Human Health margin for tthey next three quarters, should that factor into Human Health? Sal Guccione Yes, I think. So, tthey way it works in tthey generic industry, unless tthey competitors run into some sort of supply issue or something like that, ttheyy're going to grab ttheyir market share and ttheyy're now part of tthey new dynamic. So, ttheir will be with us through most of 2017 and obviously Q1, Q2 and Q3 and ttheyn come Q4, we’ll be lapping tthey comparison on that competition. So, what we're trying to see is we'll have tthey negative impact of that throughout tthey first three quarters of ttheir year. And ttheyn as our new product launctheys take effect, those will be offsetting that and that is how we end up with tthey forecast we have. Greg Eisen And thus, your statement that Q1 could see a dip step down before rising again in Q2. Okay that makes sense. Sal Guccione Right. Greg Eisen I understand that. Moving on, I guess still in Human Health, did you say you’re starting to implement a new ERP system just in tthey Human Health segment or is it companywide? Doug Roth Just in tthey Human Health segment, specifically in Rising, our generic business. Greg Eisen Just in Rising and wtheyn did you start ttheir? Doug Roth We did not commence tthey -- we commenced our selection process in fiscal 2016 but we will start tthey implementation project in 2017. Greg Eisen Okay. And are ttheyre… Doug Roth And Greg, just to add a little color to ttheir, as Sal mentioned in their commentary, tthey requirement for access to data and visibility to data and to slice it many different ways is more important now than ever. And ttheyn also they mentioned that ttheyre is going to be changes in terms of what's called in tthey industry track and trades or serialization in terms of being able to follow each bottle basically. So, we need to make an investment in our infrastructure in order to accommodate our current Rising business; and ttheyn, we'll have a robust enough platform if we do ottheyr transactions or build tthey business, we’ll be able to accommodate tthey growth. Greg Eisen I understand that. Can you estimate how long that period of implementation will be; how many quarters, and what you think tthey incremental costs you will have in tthey SG&A line? I guess it's companywide; you don't report by segment, but what would be tthey implementation cost for that? Doug Roth Okay. In tthey implementation cost, I just want to -- tthey entire project from cradle-to-grave is, call it $2 million. Okay? But some of that -- most of that is capitalized. So, for ttheir year, what we have in our budget, we have approximately $500,000 to $900,000 during tthey course of ttheir year from additional cost related to our serialization project that we can’t capitalize and employees to support tthey process and consultants and all that. So, it’s going to run between -- $750,000, $800,000 in ttheir fiscal year. And we should -- I mean, ttheir project is a large project and we’re not going to get all tthey functionality within one year, ttheyre will be probably an 18-month phase in, but in terms of being able to conduct our normal business, we should be able to do that by tthey end of ttheir fiscal year. And ttheyn, in terms of serialization tthey requirement for that is to be on line with that or be in compliance rattheyr with it in November of 2017. So, that’s like tthey second leg of ttheir project. Greg Eisen Understood. And you’re not a high capital spending business. But that said, some of ttheir cost is being capitalized. Do you have an estimate for total capital spending for tthey year that would be -- is it any different from what ttheir year was materially? Doug Roth As you said, we’re not a high CapEx Company. If I could find our cash flow, it’s normally theirtorically within -- in terms of CapEx, it’s normally less than $1 million dollars or 1 million and change. Wtheyn I say that, I’m not including capital expenditures for like finittheyyd dosage products in terms of business development, but just literally computer equipment and hard assets; it’s less than $1 million a year. So, tthey project that we’re seeking to in terms of tthey ERP and serialization will be in and around between $2 million and $2.5 million. But that spend will occur and like I just said before, over tthey let’s say tthey next 18 months. Greg Eisen Okay. So, $2 million to $2.5 million total cap spend for ttheir over 18 months. Doug Roth Correct. Greg Eisen And should we expect any -- one-off question, should we expect anything different on tthey tax rate line ttheir year versus 2016 for effective tax rate, any changes ttheyre? Doug Roth Well, it really depends on jurisdictional mix. If you take a look at our tax rate ttheir year, it was less than last year, and primarily, because ttheyre was more profit theyre in our foreign subs on a weighted average. So, it will be within -- if you try to triangulate tthey last two years, that’s wtheyre we’ll be. No fundamental change. Greg Eisen Got it. Okay. Doug Roth We can follow up offline, if you want. Greg Eisen Sure. Thank you. Doug Roth Thanks Greg.  Operator And we have a follow-up question from Matt Hewitt from Craig-Hallum Capital. Please go atheyad. Matt Hewitt Hi. Just one follow-up for me. Ttheir past quarter, it seemed like ttheyre tthey FDA has increased ttheyir enforcement actions on API manufacturers, particularly in Europe. And I’m curious if you saw any benefit with your third-party partners may be picking up some business. Have you had incremental outreach by pharma companies to you saying, theyy, we've had facility shutdown, can you theylp us out? Did that theylp in Q4 or more importantly I guess can that theylp in FY17? Thank you. Sal Guccione Sure. I’d answer like ttheir. I can't really quantify or say that we've had a substantial or even a noticeable change in our business because of that. I would say, Matt, that we have seen that step up and we have seen situations wtheyre some competitors are getting kind of short-term outages and things like ttheir. It could theylp us in tthey future, but we're not really seeing anything substantial from that yet. Matt Hewitt Okay, great. Thank you. Sal Guccione Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] And I am showing no furttheyr questions. I will now turn tthey call back to Sal Guccione for closing comments. Sal Guccione Okay. Well, thank you everyone for joining us on ttheir call. Appreciate your time and your questions and interest and we look forward to fiscal 2017 and reporting to you at tthey first quarter. Thanks so much. Bye, bye. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. And you may now disconnect.