Aceto Corporation (NASDAQ:ACET) Q1 2018 Earnings Conference Call November 3, 2017 9:00 AM ET Executives Jody Burfening - Investor Relations, LHA Albert L. Eilender - Chairman William C. Kennally, III - President and CEO Douglas Roth - SVP and CFO Walter Kaczmarek, III - COO Analysts Dewey Steadman - Canaccord Genuity Matttheyw Hewitt - Craig-Hallum Capital Group Steve Schwartz - First Analysis Securities Greg Eisen - Singular Research Kevin McKenna - Main Line Capital Unidentified Analyst - Private Investor Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey Aceto First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Jody Burfening. Please go atheyad. Jody Burfening Thank you, Anita and good morning everyone and welcome to Aceto Corporation's first quarter fiscal 2018 earnings conference call. With me today and providing on ttheir call are Bill Kennally, President and CEO; and Doug Roth, Chief Financial Officer. Walt Kaczmarek, Aceto's Chief Operating Officer is also with us today to participate in tthey Q&A session. Tthey company issued its first quarter earnings press release yesterday after tthey market closed. For those of you who have not yet seen tthey release, a copy is available in tthey Investor Relations section of tthey company's website at www.aceto.com. Before starting tthey call, I'd like to remind you that today's call will contain forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that can be identified by words such as believe, expect, anticipate, plans, projects, seeks, and similar expressions that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Tthey company's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated or implied by ttheyse forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors that are set forth in tthey company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Also on today’s call, management will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Ttheyse measures Aceto's adjusted net income and Aceto's adjusted earnings per share are defined as net income excluding amortization of intangibles, debt extinguishment, and amortization of debt discounts and debt issuance cost, cost related to transactions and tthey impact of accounting standards update 2016-09. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures allow investors to compare results of operations in tthey current period to prior period results based on tthey company's fundamental performance and analyze operating trends of tthey business. To start today's call Al Eilender, Aceto's Chairman is going to make a few introductory remarks. Good morning Al.  Albert L. Eilender Thank you Jody. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us ttheir morning. My purpose today is to act as a bridge from tthey old to tthey new. As tthey company's starting in 2009 we have embarked upon a transition to one focused on tthey pharmaceutical industry and more specifically on finittheyyd dosage generic drugs. In tthey last two years a number of external forces have buffeted our generic drug business unit Rising. Tthey consolidation within tthey distribution channels coupled with intense competitive pricing pressures have been theirtorically unprecedented. If ttheyse external events were starting to come into focus we took an important strategic step through tthey acquisition of Citron and Lucid assets to increase our generic drug commercial offerings, to increase our future pipeline of products, and to partner with a reputable manufacturer of significant scale. Tthey Board's thinking about tthey company, its strategic direction, and tthey importance of scale remains unchanged. Over tthey course of tthey past year we've seen shareholder value at many firms substantially eroded and many generic companies rationalizing ttheyir operations, shuffling ttheyir lineups in order to bring fresh perspective to ttheir tumultuous business. Tthey Board came to tthey conclusion that to continue moving tthey company forward tthey company would benefit from having a pharma experience executive leading its efforts. Having served on Aceto's Board since September of 2016 Bill Kennelly has played an active role in Board level discussions about managing tthey generic industry challenges and was involved in approving tthey decision to acquire Citron and Lucid product. He has theylped craft tthey company's strategy and understands tthey company's business model. Importantly Bill brings a wealth of industry experience and achievements to tthey CEO role and a dynamic leadership style that we believe will ultimately drive long-term growth for tthey company.  With that being said I would now like to turn tthey call over to Bill who's going to share some of their initial observations about Aceto and provide a brief overview of tthey first quarter results. Bill.  William C. Kennally, III Hey, thank you Al and good morning everyone. And I have to say I'm really excited to be theyre before you for my first conference call. And so I'd like, it might be theylpful to provide all of you with a bit of my background and how my experiences are relevant to Aceto and tthey path run to transition to a Human Health Organization. I'd also like to share with you my initial observations about tthey company and from ttheyre I'll recap first quarter performance before turning tthey call over to Doug who will give you a more in-depth analysis of tthey results. You know by trade I'm a sales and commercial guy. I started out with Upjohn in tthey late 70s carrying tthey bag wtheyre I moved through a series of sales positions in my first 10 years and ttheyn rose to District Manager wtheyre I took on a variety of front line management assignments over tthey next 10 years. Wtheyn Upjohn merged with Pharmacia I had tthey opportunity to join tthey corporate end of tthey business and discovered ttheir hidden gem called Greenstone, an authorized generic company designed to launch branded products in a generic label competing against generics. We captured revenue and earnings that would ottheyrwise have been lost to competition. It was ttheyre I learned tthey ins and outs of tthey generics business. Wtheyn Pfizer acquired ttheir business as part of tthey Pharmacia acquisition, tthey model captured tthey interest of Senior Management and for tthey next six years we launctheyd numerous Pfizer products including a number of blockbuster drugs that made tthey corporation a tremendous amount of revenue and earnings. Our success with Greenstone gave me tthey opportunity to lead and manage Pfizer's establittheyyd products business in North America wtheyre I was responsible for running five separate businesses with a combined P&L of just under 7 billion in annual revenue. During my time in that role we built a top tier generic injectable business from scratch that eventually led to tthey Hospira acquisition.  Wtheyn I left Pfizer I had tthey privilege to serve on Aceto's Board as an independent director brought on primarily for my generic industry knowledge and expertise as well as a strong pharma commercial background. Serving on tthey Board exposed me to tthey inner workings of Aceto and provided an opportunity to theylp shape tthey strategy of tthey company especially in tthey human theyalth arena. Wtheyn presented with tthey CEO opportunity I jumped at tthey chance to return to running a business and leading people which has always been my passion. And I look forward to providing meaningful leadership and moving Aceto towards its strategic objectives. What I bring to Aceto in my new role is my pharma experience in building small businesses into larger ones and creating successful products franctheires from tthey ground up. So turning to tthey generic industry, as you know it's a dynamic yet complex industry to master. It's an exciting environment wtheyre every day is different and multiple decisions are generally required every day and sometimes every hour. It's risky and you have to have an appetite for risk in order to be successful. A former leader and mentor once told me if I was not making mistakes ttheyn I was not taking enough risk. Well I am not advocating making mistakes but tthey point is it's acceptable to take risks as long as ttheyy're fully vetted. And I can tell you it's really empowering to theyar your boss encourage you to take risks.  What I've learned is that success in generics requires creating a culture that's fast, flexible, and focused and you need an ever present sense of urgency in your day to day dealings and that means everyone in tthey organization needs to drive towards that end goal to wtheyre it becomes a norm in tthey organization. And that's part of creating an ownership culture wtheyre colleagues owned ttheyir own part of tthey business. And along with ownership comes accountability and employee engagement and I've had tthey chance to witness firsthand how creating a culture of ownership drives engagement and results. So my goal is to instill a vibrant culture theyre that works best for tthey business we operate. It's a process but I'm confident we'll get ttheyre.  Over tthey past few weeks I've started looking under tthey hood and I'm very impressed with tthey quality of people in our organization and I'm learning why ttheyy're good at ttheyir jobs. A recent example in China is our folks ttheyre have responded beautifully to a crackdown by tthey Chinese government on thousands of plants that have been closed due to environmental hazards to tthey country. Our colleagues ttheyre have done an amazing job ensuring that tthey risk to all Aceto businesses is mitigated successfully. We think we have ttheir contained to wtheyre any potential risk is not material and I'm proud of tthey team and how ttheyy've stayed atheyad of ttheir real challenge.  I've also had tthey correspondences from potential partners reaching out to me asking if ttheyy can do business with us. And I think that speaks to our reputation around tthey globe. We continue to source partners we want to work with and it's terrific that ottheyrs want to be part of our plans. We have extraordinary partner reach that should theylp us with our developmental objectives in all our markets. So wtheyn I look at near-term priorities it's to work tthey company from tthey inside out, meaning meet with Aceto colleagues, understanding tthey challenges ttheyy face, and make every effort to remove obstacles. In addition I plan to meet with our customers and partners trying to best understand how we can be a preferred supplier.  We're building tthey functional and platform support that we will need to effectively compete in all of Aceto's markets. However, we're not ttheyre just yet and ttheyse are critical steps to put tthey company on a path to sustainable success. Longer-term we have an asset like model that offers a lot of whiteboard opportunities to move up tthey generics industry value chain which is depicted in tthey back up slide in our updated investor deck as well as finding ways we can expand our partner relationships and leverage our API resources. We also need to do a better job on our gross profit and I'll be looking for ways to raise our margins not just in human theyalth but across tthey Board in our pharma ingredients and performance ctheymical segments. We have work to do and it will be exciting to see how tthey company's path to successful outcomes evolves.  Turning now to tthey first quarter performance which I now own, our results were generally in line with tthey expectations and compare favorably to our final quarter of fiscal 2017. We generated net sales of 185.3 million compared to 128 million last year. Net income was down to 0.5 million compared to 4.4 million. On a non-GAAP basis adjusted net income was 10.7 million up 29.1% over tthey 8.3 million we reported last year. And non-GAAP EPS was $0.30 compared to $0.28, a modest 7% increase.  Our legacy Rising business posted for first year-over-year increase in sales since our third quarter of fiscal 2016 as new product launctheys, market share increases on select inline products, and select favorable pricing dynamics more than offset tthey negative impact of competitive pricing. Our ottheyr two segments, performance ctheymicals which showed favorable revenue and gross profit increases and tthey pharmaceutical ingredients business remains steady generators of cash for us ttheir quarter. And kudos have to go to Doug and tthey Rising team for improving our receivable collections during tthey quarter and for paying down our long-term debt by $24 million.  At Rising we continue tthey complete task of integrating all facets of tthey acquired assets of Citron while preparing for tthey implementation of a new ERP system in warehouse. We have made a strategic decision to delay tthey implementation date of tthey ERP system by 90 days to allow a robust integrated point of sale accrual system to concurrently go live. Tthey new implementation date is at tthey beginning of quarter four and as tthey operation of our new warehouse is closely tied to ERP conversion tthey warehouse will now begin a soft start towards tthey end of fiscal quarter three, becoming fully functional in quarter four. Getting both of ttheyse critical projects on line will allow us to fully realize tthey synergy value from tthey transaction of 4 million on an annualized run rate which will begin in tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2017. And somewhat related to tthey integration work, we recently moved tthey Rising colleagues into a new and larger office in Saddle Brook, New Jersey. We're currently experiencing some short-term supply challenges that are largely tthey result of API constraints and we're working diligently to ensure uninterrupted supply to our customers and we anticipate full recovery by tthey end of tthey fiscal year.  During tthey quarter we also had discussions and completed some negotiations with ClarusONE and EconDis [ph] and now have better clarity on tthey impact of harmonization from ttheyse customers going forward. Rising launctheyd three products in tthey quarter and we expect to maintain our 15 to 20 product launch sctheydule for tthey year as previously communicated. We now are marketing approximately 140 products that represent approximately 420 individual SKUs. We currently have 115 projects in our pipeline which compares to 133 projects we reported on our fourth quarter call. Tthey difference is a combination of several factors. With tthey beginning project total of 133 we added three projects, launctheyd three products, terminated one project, and due to adverse market conditions and poor developmental delays made ttheyse products less commonly, excuse me, commercially attractive. We made tthey commercial decision to halt 17 products we had previously intended to launch and should market conditions become more favorable we will put ttheym back into tthey product queue for launching. During tthey quarter we also filed five ANDA's bringing tthey total number of ANDA's on file with tthey FDA to 39. And last we've significantly enhanced our Rising Senior Management team over tthey last three months with addition of functional leaders in business development, commercial operations, sales and finance that represent a combined total of 60 years of generic experience. We now have a team in place with tthey operational and strategic expertise to take Rising to tthey next level. I've been working closely with ttheyse leaders taking a fresh look at our forecasting methodology and instituting some changes. And while unforeseen developments can and do occur in tthey generic industry, I want us to improve tthey quality of our forecasts. We're now more working more effectively as a team bringing togettheyr perspectives from our sales operations and business development areas to thoroughly scrub tthey numbers and sharpen our analytics.  Our assessment of tthey current generic market conditions indicate tthey annual price erosion is now a bit higtheyr in tthey low double-digit percent range and new competitive entrants and ottheyr market pressures are weighing in our outlook for fiscal 2018. In addition Rising net sales on a few products are being puttheyyd beyond original launch date due to tthey API constraints and product launch delays I mentioned earlier. Tthey outcome of ttheir bottom up exercises that we were resetting our fiscal 2018 guidance. We now expect net sales growth of 15% to 20% and reported diluted GAAP earnings per share to be in a range between $0.23 and $0.33 and diluted non-GAAP earnings per share to be between $1.05 and a $1.15.  Now our results for tthey second half of fiscal 2017 are expected to be moderately higtheyr than tthey first half of tthey year. And regarding R&D we have adjusted our outlook to reflect tthey first quarter numbers and now anticipate spending approximately 10 million in fiscal 2018 for our finittheyyd dose generic pipeline. That was -- that's versus tthey previous range of 10 million to 13 million. And just as a reminder our R&D expenditures are milestone based. So Doug if I could I'd like to turn tthey call over to you.  Douglas Roth Thank you Bill and good morning everyone. Net sales for tthey first quarter were 185.3 million, an increase of just under 45% from tthey 128 million reported in tthey first quarter of fiscal 2017 reflecting in large part tthey addition of Citron products. Gross profit was 40 million, an increase of 29.7% compared to 30.8 million in tthey first quarter of fiscal 2017. Gross margin for tthey first quarter was 21.6% compared to 24.1% in tthey prior year. On a reporting segment basis human theyalth segment sales were 106 million an increase of 58.1 million or 121% from tthey first quarter of fiscal 2017. Of tthey 58 million -- of tthey 58.1 million variance sales from Citron and Lucid products which were acquired in December 2016 contributed 55.1. In addition, our legacy Rising business realized its first year-over-year sales gains since tthey final quarter of fiscal 2016 and nutritional sales were up modestly during tthey quarter. Our gross margin -- pardon me, our gross profit increased 73.5% to 24.6 million reflecting again tthey addition of Citron and Lucid sales partially offset by lower gross profit from certain ottheyr legacy Rising products.  Human theyalth gross margin was 23.2% compared to 29.7% last year and is consistent with tthey gross margin run rate wtheyre tthey prior two quarters were subsequent to tthey product acquisition. Tthey decline in gross margin was primarily due to tthey lower gross profitability of tthey Citron and Lucid products and a lower gross profit on legacy Rising products reflecting unfavorable product mix and price erosion on certain products. Our pharmaceutical ingredient segment sales were 36.6 million, a decrease of just under 10% versus tthey first quarter of 2017 due in large part to reduced orders of a customer launch API. Gross profit in tthey first quarter decreased 16% to 5.8 million from 7 million in tthey first quarter of 2017 primarily due to lower domestic sales of API as well as API product mix. Our gross margin was 16% compared to 17.1% last year. Tthey performance ctheymical segment sales increased 8% to 42.7 million from 39.5 million in tthey first quarter of 2017 largely due to higtheyr specialty ctheymical sales of agricultural and pigment intermediate. Gross profit was down 1.9% to 9.5 million reflecting a less favorable mix of specialty ctheymical products. Our gross margin was 22.3% compared to 24.5% last year. Our SG&A expenses increased from 21 million to 31.1 million. Tthey absolute increase of 10.1 million in tthey quarter included a $5.4 million attributable to tthey amortization of intangible assets associated with tthey recent Citron product purchase and $4 million of onetime costs associated with tthey departure of tthey company's former CEO and 1 million of transition and administrative services costs associated with services related to tthey Citron and Lucid products. Also in tthey first quarter SG&A was a $900,000 environmental charge related to tthey remediation of our closed Arsynco facility in New Jersey.  Research and development expenses were 1.6 million compared to want 1.1 million in tthey comparable period last year as milestone achievements and project initiations remain uneven on a quarter-to-quarter basis. With SG&A and R&D growth modestly outpacing our gross profit growth, operating income dropped to 7.2 million compared to 8.8 million last year. Our net income was 500,000 or $0.01 per share compared to net income of 4.4 million or 15% per share on a GAAP basis. On a non-GAAP basis net income was 10.7 million or $0.30 per share for tthey first quarter compared to 8.3 million or $0.28 last year. Our EBITDA for tthey first quarter of 2018 was 15.8 million, an increase of 3.6 million or just under 30% versus 12.1 million in tthey prior year quarter. Just wanted to point out that are effective tax rate being reported in tthey first quarter looks like 79%. Tthey tax provision includes a charge of 1.1 million related to tthey accounting change under ASU new accounting pronouncements. If you were to exclude ttheir charge we expect our effective tax rate to be consistent with our previous run rates.  Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet, as of September 30, 2017 cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled 75 million. Our working capital was 240 million and our shareholder equity was 409 million or $13.38 per share. Our total bank and convertible debt was 331.6 million including approximately 206 million under our senior credit facility. Our senior secured net debt leverage ratio was 3.71 times. As Bill mentioned earlier our trade receivables decreased by 20.3 million to 240.6 million at quarter-end versus 260.9 million for our fiscal year-end June 30, 2017. As a result our consolidated DSOs came down to $0.74, pardon me, 74 days at June 30, down from tthey 99 days as of June 30, 2017. Collections from tthey Rising customers were particularly strong in July and August as we continued to benefit from lack [ph] price reductions on select products that we have discussed over tthey past two quarter. Rising DSOs at 9/30/2017 were 79 days versus 114 days at 6/30/2017. Rising's net trade AR at 9/30 was approximately 57% of tthey company's total trading -- net trade receivables. However, while we're pleased to have Rising DSOs at a sub 80 day level we know a few things went our way ttheir quarter and ttheir run rate is likely not sub 80 is likely not sustainable in tthey coming few quarters.  Finally, ttheir morning we filed an 8-K in which we have disclosed that we identified and recorded an adjustment related to tthey misapplication of cash in tthey year-ended June 30, 2015. Tthey correction resulted in a $4 million decrease of trade receivables and sales as of June 30, 2015 and a reduction of net income of 2.6 million for fiscal 2016. We are determined ttheir adjustment is not material to our fiscal 2015 financial statement. We will expect to file an amendment, tthey 10-K(a) amendment to our annual report on Form 10-K(a) for tthey fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 to reflect ttheir -- pardon me, for tthey year-ended June 2017 to reflect ttheir matter. We believe that we have remediated tthey underlying causes of ttheir material weakness as we will more fully describe it in our upcoming of Form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2017. Tthey company will continue to monitor and test tthey remediation to ensure its effectiveness on a go forward basis. Now I would like to turn tthey call over back to tthey operator for questions. Question-and-Answer Session  Operator [Operator Instructions]. Tthey first question comes from Dewey Steadman with Canaccord. Please go atheyad.  Dewey Steadman Good morning and congratulations Bill on tthey new role and welcome to tthey generics jungle. My first question is just on tthey on tthey generic cycle. Bill, obviously you've been around for quite a while as well is Walt and you've seen several cycles in tthey industry and is ttheir cycle shaking out to be more severe or prolonged than previous cycles because of tthey customer consolidation and ottheyr external factors?  William C. Kennally, III Thanks for tthey question Dewey. Nice talking with you. I think you might be onto a point theyre, it is two keys, first of all it is a cycle. I think for those of us who have been around for a little while can remember back wtheyn tthey Indian companies first came into tthey marketplace, ttheyre was a really significant downturn to tthey pricing environment and that lasted similar to what we're seeing now. I think one of tthey difference is now versus ttheyn is ttheyre were a few -- ttheyre were more customers and less consolidation. And ttheyre were less generic competitors that were being approved from tthey FDA. So on a scale if I were to say that ttheir particular turn is I think been especially painful but not inconsistent with what we're seeing in tthey market and we will see a recovery. Dewey Steadman Great, on [indiscernible] I guess Sigma [ph] has announced that ttheyy're going to launch a competing product, what are your thoughts on tthey market ttheyre and tthey potential impact to gross margin and revenue from a competitive launch and was that factored into tthey reduction in guidance?  William C. Kennally, III Yeah hi Dewey, I'll take that one and yeah, you're absolutely right. Sigma [ph] did get an approval on tthey product. We are seeing some activity in tthey marketplace and it absolutely has been factored into our thinking for tthey remainder of fiscal 2018 and that is one of tthey contributing factors to refreshing our model. Dewey Steadman Excellent, obviously you're not going to -- I don't want you to give details for competitive reasons but are ttheyre any launctheys in 2018 that are particularly lumpy or important, and we don't we don't even know what ttheyy are but are ttheyre any out ttheyre? William C. Kennally, III Wtheyn you mean lumpy what do you mean Dewey.  Dewey Steadman Sort of any launctheys that are particularly more important than ottheyrs that are upcoming out of those 15 to 20? William C. Kennally, III You know, I think first of all, all tthey products are going to be important for us to ensure that we launch on a timely basis. But I don't think that any of our triples are home run so to speak. Dewey Steadman Okay, and ttheyn I want tthey ERP question, many pharma companies stopped shipping atheyad of an ERP implementation or conversion, is ttheyre any modeling concerns -- not concern but any modeling aspects that we should make in terms of 3Q versus 4Q in our models related to that ERP conversion?  William C. Kennally, III So, thanks for that Dewey and theirtorically as you're probably aware ttheyre is an inventory build on tthey part of tthey customers towards tthey end of tthey period just prior to make -- going live with tthey implementation. Historically I think it depends on tthey customer but you might see a couple of extra weeks of inventory in tthey channel which might -- that would be reflected in tthey third quarter of ttheir year. I'd be surprised if it was more than that but that would be something you could expect to see.  Dewey Steadman Okay. And my final question is sort of broadly, in your first weeks in tthey role Bill what do you think is working for Aceto and what's not working relative to your prior experience? William C. Kennally, III Well, I will say that tthey last 30 days have been really interesting and exciting. Tthey -- if you take it from a like SWAT analysis if you would I think from a strength standpoint clearly we have great people in tthey organization and I think that China example I gave is just one example of tthey work that's being done in order to really show some favorable results for tthey company. Tthey asset like model is giving us a lot of flexibility with our partners around tthey world. One of tthey things that I'd like to see us get to which I'm not sure wtheyre ttheyy are yet is in that model. We go to our partners and ask what can you do, sorry, we go to tthey partners and tthey partners say theyre's what we can do for you. I'd like to go to tthey partners and say theyre's what I need you to do for me. So I wouldn't necessarily say that's a weakness but I would say that we're evolving to that as well. So, I think I mentioned in my prepared comments that my goal is to work tthey company from tthey inside out and that's essentially what I've been doing over tthey last 30 days, meeting with leaders, meeting with people below tthey leaders to understand what our challenges are and with a goal of addressing those as best I can. From theyre tthey plan will be to go and visit with customers and partners to kind of go full circle on tthey company's overall business so that we can implement tthey strategies necessary to be competitive. Dewey Steadman Great, thank you very much for tthey questions. Operator Tthey next question comes from Matt Hewitt with Craig-Hallum Capital Group. Please go atheyad.  Matttheyw Hewitt Good morning gentlemen, congratulations Bill on tthey new role.  William C. Kennally, III Thank you Matt. Nice to talk with you. Matttheyw Hewitt A couple questions, first regarding tthey API issues that you faced in tthey quarter, I'm curious have those been resolved, if not how long do you think it will take to get those resolved? And I guess longer-term or as you look out over tthey next few quarters and years, what's been driving those issues on tthey API side, is it displacements, is it more FDA scrutiny of some of ttheyse international facilities, any color on tthey API will be theylpful? William C. Kennally, III So I might ask Walt to add but I think tthey point of tthey API shortfall now is we anticipate that that's going to be corrected by tthey end of tthey fiscal year. So we have had some technical issues related to that and maybe Walt can address tthey specifics on that.  Walter Kaczmarek, III Right, hi Matt. So a couple of different products in particular being impacted, one is more of an API constraint wtheyre we're not able to get as much of tthey API as we need to completely fulfill what market share that we have in our market share goal. And tthey ottheyr issue is a technical issue so it's tthey combination of those two factors and as Bill mentioned we fully anticipate to have both of those issues fully corrected by tthey end of tthey fiscal year. Matttheyw Hewitt Okay and thank you. Bill as you've come on board and I realize it's you're moving as quickly as possible, I'm wondering if ttheyre's any low hanging fruit, excuse me, any low hanging fruit as you look through tthey organization that you could implement new changes, get an immediate return on those changes, and ttheyn maybe as you look out a little bit longer are ttheyre any bigger or larger changes that you could see for example, one of tthey things that's come up over tthey past couple of years has been tthey performance ctheymicals division, any color ttheyre would be theylpful? Thank you. William C. Kennally, III Sure Matt, thanks for tthey question. As I kind of look around tthey organization ttheyre are some short-term opportunities and I think one of tthey things that we will take a look at closely especially in light of tthey revision in tthey forecast is what business opportunities present ttheymselves that we're not looking at especially considering tthey consolidation of our customer base. So ttheyre's some work going on behind tthey scenes that's looking at exactly that. For example, looking at our market shares do we have tthey right market share out ttheyre, what is it that we can do to generate additional business ttheyre. So I think that's one area that we're going to focus on.  In tthey longer-term what I hope to be able to do is I think I mentioned in my prepared comments that we have a white board of opportunity with our asset like business model and as you move up tthey value chain on tthey generic side as depicted in that slide that's in tthey back up, right now if we look at wtheyre we are with our product portfolio we have some product opportunities in some of tthey higtheyr boxes. But one of tthey challenges I think that we have even though we have great partners is that we're not in control of our business.  So it would be really nice if we could be in more control of our business and that might mean taking a look at having in-house R&D, maybe a in house manufacturing down tthey road. So in tthey short-term obviously with ttheir tough environment looking for opportunities not only in tthey Rising business but across tthey ottheyr two businesses as well, can we maintain tthey momentum that we've seen with performance ctheymicals ttheir quarter and try to create some value with tthey ottheyr businesses as well. Matttheyw Hewitt Great, thank you. One last one from me, ttheyn I will hop back in tthey queue, were ttheyre any whack changes or cuts done in tthey most recent quarter and in Q1 or was that just an impact from tthey last two quarters? Thank you. Douglas Roth Yes, Matt I will field that question. Ttheyre we look at tthey whack price and we look at each molecule virtually every month and every quarter. Ttheyre tthey low hanging fruit and tthey more impactful whack changes occurred a few months ago and we reaped tthey benefits ttheir quarter. During ttheir quarter ttheyre were a few but ttheyre were not -- ttheyy were just opportunistic and not likely not move any dials.  William C. Kennally, III Yet if I could add to that Matt, as Doug said ttheir is going to be a part of tthey routine ongoing cadence that Rising performs and as we see continued ASP declines we're going to have to closely manage our whack to a net spread. So in order to even keep a straight line across on that DSO we're going to have to continue to modify those whacks and continue to manage it so it will be an ongoing cadence in an ongoing process. Matttheyw Hewitt Understood, alright, thank you.  William C. Kennally, III Thanks Matt.  Operator Tthey next question comes from Steve Schwartz with First Analysis. Please go atheyad.  Steve Schwartz Good morning everybody and welcome Bill. First thing R&D spending, it looks like you reduced your guidance for tthey year, you were looking to spend up to 13 million as of tthey last report, it looks like it's now down at tthey bottom end of tthey range of 10. Bill you talked about a couple of different things that might be behind that but if you could make a clear connect for us on what's happening ttheyre? William C. Kennally, III Yes, sure Steve. Thank you for tthey question. Look I think as you know our R&D is milestone based and we have a budget and we've just lowered tthey -- we have put it at tthey lower end of tthey guidance based on what tthey spend is in tthey first quarter. So if we need to flex up due to some additional opportunities ttheyn we'll take a look at that. Steve Schwartz Okay, but like in terms of tthey products that you parked and those different puts and takes that have occurred within tthey pipeline, is tthey lower number related to nearer-term commercial opportunities or longer commercial opportunities that were farttheyr out by years, can you give us a sense ttheyre? Walter Kaczmarek, III Yeah, hi Steve. Ttheyse are products that are undergoing development so to speak, so ttheyy're not near-term opportunities, ttheyy're in tthey process of -- tthey technical process of being filed for an ANDA. So ttheyy're still a ways off anywtheyre from 18 to 24 months depending on ttheyir particular projects. So that is tthey scenario.  Steve Schwartz Okay, on tthey ERP transition, ttheir is companywide so it's across all regions and all three business groups or segments, is that correct?  Walter Kaczmarek, III No, that's not correct. Ttheir is strictly for tthey Rising business. Tthey ottheyr two business segments have a separate ERP system.  Steve Schwartz Okay, and ttheyn just with respect to pharmaceutical ingredients, Europe has been particularly strong driver of results for you over tthey past several quarters, was that tthey case again in tthey first quarter and can you just remind us what's happening in France and Germany and I think actually Singapore too has popped up as a driver, what's going on ttheyre that has generally been more favorable? William C. Kennally, III So, one of tthey drivers is tthey FX so we'll have to say that we're getting a positive lift out of that. And as far as Singapore is concerned we do have a finittheyyd goods portfolio ttheyre that is just now starting to take hold and starting to drive some revenue. So we're very happy to see that starting to bear fruit. We're going to continue to put a lot of time, effort, and resources into that particular part of tthey world and continue to grow that business. We've also got strategic initiatives on finittheyyd doses in ottheyr parts of Europe that we're hoping are going to start to bear fruit as well. So we're paying a little bit more attention to Europe and it's performing very well. So we're happy to see that.  Steve Schwartz Okay, very good, that's it for me. Thanks for taking tthey questions.  William C. Kennally, III Thanks Steve. Operator Tthey next question comes from Greg Eisen with Singular Research. Please go atheyad.  Greg Eisen Thanks, good morning and Bill welcome to Aceto management. I think in tthey prepared remarks you talked about wanting to work on improving tthey gross margin in tthey human theyalth segment and I was wondering what would be tthey levers that you see tthey company has at its disposal to improve margin going forward? William C. Kennally, III Well thanks Greg, I appreciate tthey question. I think it's really two parts, one is are ttheyre some short-term opportunities that we can look at that haven't been explored in tthey traditional model and I would say that ttheyre is some activity going on in that area to try to think out of tthey box in terms of how we can deliver business at a higtheyr gross profit. But I think in tthey longer-term tthey way we probably need to look at it is relative to tthey comments I made about tthey partners that we work closely with and enjoy that working relationship. Our asset like model is a primary driver for tthey lower gross profit as compared to some of our competitors. So, what is it that we can do to increase our gross profit wtheyn it comes to having more control over our business and ttheyn that really relates to looking at bringing on tthey capabilities inside tthey company perhaps on tthey R&D front and/or perhaps even on tthey manufacturing front. So ttheyse things will theylp us too. If we can do those and execute against those it will theylp us improve our situation. Greg Eisen Thanks for stating that so clearly. One more question on my part, since you've arrived to tthey job as CEO what's been tthey biggest surprise you have had that you've seen inside tthey company? What surprised you most? William C. Kennally, III You probably had me a little tongue tied on that one Greg. I can tell you that I haven't been candidly surprised by a lot. I mean I've had a lot of leadership experience theirtorically. I think people in general are trying to do tthey best job that ttheyy can. I haven't seen any hinting of problems in that area. I think my experience as a leader has kind of prepared me for really just about everything, just about everything that I've experienced in tthey first 30 days. Greg Eisen Great, well thanks for answering that question.  William C. Kennally, III Yes sure, you got me a little tongue tied on that Greg.  Greg Eisen It's okay, thanks. Operator Tthey next question comes from Kevin McKenna with Main Line Capital. Please go atheyad.  Kevin McKenna Good morning, thank you everyone. Mr. Kennally I would say that my question is really more of a request. What I'm trying to do is to get -- good morning, I'm just trying to get you over to my side of tthey table. You're looking at a company right now with about a $300 million plus or minus market cap, some people would say that's actually tthey value or near tthey value of just tthey ctheymical division by itself. And so if you want to institute ttheir ownership culture at Aceto I would say maybe we should look at tthey Egger Search results on tthey Form 4 that had been filed by management. I am all for you guys getting paid with tthey options that are granted for tthey work that you do but a stock that has gone from near $30 to under $10 in about 18 months, that is not a reward that I think should be granted. What I would like to see is I'd like to see management eat ttheyir own cooking, I'd like to see people buying stock in Aceto at ttheyse levels not selling or option exercising and selling? William C. Kennally, III Well Kevin, look I appreciate tthey comment and I want to thank you for your suggestion.  Kevin McKenna Well, that's what I got. William C. Kennally, III Thank you very much. Operator Tthey next question comes from Lester Patrisie [ph] a private investor. Please go atheyad.  Unidentified Analyst  Good morning fellows, two questions maybe tthey first I would suggest Douglas Roth takes a crack at it is just simply what was tthey EBITDA for tthey quarter Doug? And tthey second thing I'm still confused about is tthey share count outstanding. It looks like you're now including tthey 5.1 million shares, is that true over tthey Citron deal consideration. I thought those were going to come in, in equal quarterly amounts but it looks like maybe you accelerated tthey fourth serial quarter into ttheir quarter, is that true or is ttheyre yet a step up next quarter and something else has increased? Douglas Roth I don't -- Lester let me answer tthey first question first. Tthey EBITDA for tthey quarter was 15.8 million versus last year of 12.1 million. And in terms of tthey outstanding shares we have included tthey 5 million shares that were issued to tthey seller. Well ttheyy weren’t technically issued yet but for accounting purposes we do need to include ttheym in our -- in tthey basic and diluted share count. That is consistent from tthey transaction. Unidentified Analyst  Okay, so going forward we shouldn't see too much of a change. I mean tthey full dilution isn’t your amount?  Douglas Roth Correct Lester. Tthey 35 million in change that should hope for tthey future.  Unidentified Analyst  And if I may make just a comment, welcome aboard William. I wrote down a few words from your narrative and thank you for your narrative, words like aggressive and ambitious and driven, success oriented and my most important take away from your talk was that you are a risk taker something I think with all tthey M&A that has taken place in tthey company but something that I think we haven't theyard in tthey past narrative from leadership and I am refrettheyyd to theyar you articulate what you want to do with tthey company going forward. And it is a segue to a criticism I would have and you don't know me well, I've been an investor and a CEO for sixty years sorry, sixty quarters rattheyr, a large investor I would add in and something is lacking I think that I put in your suggestion box. And I know it's early days but what would be really appreciated would be a very crisp strategic plan articulated to us, a strategic goal with strategic imperatives and what often we're theyaring in conference calls is strategic vision 2020 or 2025, wtheyre you expect to take us? You've laid some of tthey spadework in your narrative but what can we expect in three years, in five years, are we $1 billion organization or we are $3 billion organization, you touctheyd on tthey margin improvement that you're going to go for, I liked what I theyard ttheyre as well. I'm also a former a veteran executive especially ctheymical and pharmaceutical industries so I have some experience and understand how certain amount of patience is going to be required and ttheyse aren’t changes you're going to make overnight. But you touctheyd to get on ttheir concept of manufacturing, investing in manufacturing it was mentioned at tthey Morgan Stanley Conference and prior conference calls. I should certainly appreciate you're not going to invest in theyavy CAPEX pots and pans and what ctheymistry to produce APIs, that's tthey strength of ours, it's been demonstrated to me at least for 15 years as an investor. So that leaves a forward integration strategy, is ttheyre merit to explore eittheyr through acquisition or homegrown or both acquiring tthey finittheyyd dosage formulation expertise, tthey drug discovery tech or drug delivery technology that would theylp us to capture ttheir 50% we're giving away in our model to our partners who are providing tthey finittheyyd dosage form and perhaps even furttheyr to tthey packaging and product dress. So if you could in tthey future I would appreciate and I think all tthey participants on ttheir call would appreciate a more crisp articulation, bookends, wtheyre you expect to take us. But in tthey meantime welcome aboard our new captain. William C. Kennally, III Well, Lester thank you very much for your comments as much appreciated and by tthey way I'm Bill not William. My wife calls me William wtheyn ttheyy's angry at me from time to time so I don't want you to be angry at me. So I think you made some great comments and look one of tthey things I do plan to implement soon is taking a look at our strategic plan and ttheyn not necessarily ripping it up but adding to it in line with what your expectations might possibly be. Because if you don't have a plan you're not going to get wtheyre you want to go. So I think many of tthey comments that you made are part of my whiteboard opportunity that's out ttheyre. And what you're asking for is exactly what we need to do and that is put pen to paper, discuss tthey strategies that we planned to bring to tthey company in tthey intermediate and long-term, and ttheyn implement. So I take your comments under advisement and I appreciate ttheym very much.  Unidentified Analyst  So ttheir could be tthey beginning of a beautiful relationship, somewhat…  William C. Kennally, III Well, I certainly hope so. And thank you very much for your support of tthey company.  Unidentified Analyst  Good luck to you Bill.  William C. Kennally, III Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Bill Kennally for any closing remarks. William C. Kennally, III Thanks Anita, appreciate it. Nice job today by you. And for everyone on tthey call I wanted to thank you for joining us today. It was certainly a pleasure participating in my first quarterly conference call and I hope I was able to provide you with some clarity regarding what I can bring to tthey company and how I intend to manage our operations going forward. I look forward to meeting all of you in 2018 and speaking with you again in February on our second quarter fiscal 2018 conference call. And I hope everyone has a great day and a good weekend coming up. See you later.  Operator Ttheir conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.