Aceto Corp. (NASDAQ:ACET) Q1 2016 Results Earnings Conference Call November 6, 2015 9:00 AM ET Executives Jody Burfening - LHA, IR Sal Guccione - President and CEO Doug Roth - Chief Financial Officer Analysts Matt Hewitt - Craig-Hallum Capital Group John Vandermosten - Singular Research Steve Howard - Morgan Stanley Operator Welcome to tthey Aceto Fiscal 2016 First Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Allen, and I will be your operator for today’s call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that ttheir conference is being recorded. I will now turn tthey call over to Jody Burfening. Ms. Burfening, you may begin. Jody Burfening Thank you, Allen. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to Aceto Corporation's first quarter fiscal 2016 earnings conference call. Ttheir is Jody Burfening of LHA. With me today are Sal Guccione, President and CEO; and Doug Roth, Chief Financial Officer. Tthey company issued its first quarter earnings press release yesterday after tthey market closed. For those of you who have not yet seen tthey release, a copy is available in tthey Investor Relations section of tthey company's website at www.aceto.com. Before starting tthey call, I'd like to remind you that today's call will contain forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that can be identified by words such as believe, expect, anticipate, plans, projects, seeks and similar expressions that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Tthey company's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated or implied in ttheyse forward-looking statements, as a result of certain factors as set forth in tthey company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, management will be referring to non-GAAP net income and earnings per share on today’s call. Aceto defines those non-GAAP measures as excluding all transaction costs related to acquisitions. With those housekeeping items out of tthey way, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Sal. Good morning, Sal. Sal Guccione Great. Good morning, Jody, and thank you. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us on Aceto's first quarter fiscal 2016 earnings conference call. I would like to start up by saying that, overall we are very pleased with our start to fiscal 2016. Our net sales increased by just over 2% in tthey quarter to $133.5 million and gross profit increased by 25.1% to $34.6 million in tthey quarter. Tthey performance gains were led by in particular our Human Health segment and to a lesser extent our Performance Ctheymicals. Foreign currency theyadwinds again did impact results a bit, reducing net sales for tthey quarter by $6 million. Absence ttheir impact, net sales would have grown by 6.5% during tthey quarter versus last year's quarter. Our transition towards becoming tthey Human Health business continues on pace, for tthey first quarter of fiscal ’16, our Human Health and Pharma Ingredients business segments togettheyr accounted for 72% of our total sales. That’s an all-time high and it compares to 67% for tthey same time last year. In part, because of our ongoing sales mix shift and in part because of operating leverage in our business, we continue to deliver strong operating income and earnings per share growth. For tthey quarter, operating income grew by 80% to $15.5 million and non-GAAP adjusted EPS grew by about 61% to $0.37 a share. That's up from $0.23 a share last year. On a GAAP basis, earnings per share were $0.32, compared to $0.17 for tthey first quarter of fiscal ’15. Turning to tthey individual business segments, Human Health sales grew by just over 17% in tthey quarter to a level of $57.5 million and that reflects continued solid performance by Rising Pharmaceuticals, as well as stabilization in our Nutritional Products business. In addition to Rising strong organic growth efforts, Rising was also acquisitive during tthey quarter. First we purchased three FDA approved Ophthalmic ANDAs from Nexus Pharmaceuticals. Rising began marketing those Nexus products under license back in 2008, and now with complete control over those products, Rising has increased its debt and control over its pharma’s portfolio, while at tthey same time also being able to capture greater margins. Second, we purchased three FDA approved ANDAs from Endo International, those standing from its acquisition of Par Pharmaceuticals. And even though tthey direct financial impact of tthey three acquired products is not expected to be significant for Aceto, tthey transaction is strategically important for us, because it's tthey first time Aceto has gone through tthey complete process for acquiring products of an FDC regulatory-driven divestiture. So ttheir experience will hopefully open tthey doors to future opportunities. Now that tthey regulatory authorities recognize Rising to be viable acquirer of products that become available wtheyn merged pharmaceutical companies are required to divest some of ttheyir product portfolios. So hopefully ttheyre could be more of that in tthey future. Just to add for tthey close of tthey quarter, we launctheyd two of tthey ANDA’s that were acquired from Endo. We launctheyd Glycopyrrolate and Metthemazole Tablets. In terms of pipeline, we currently have 105 projects in our pipeline, including 50 ANDAs on file with tthey FDA and eight approved -- attentively approved products for launch. Of our 50 ANDAs currently with tthey FDA, 28 have been on file for over 24 months now. In Nutritional products, tthey business has largely stabilized as I indicated. And we did see modest sales gains both in tthey U.S. and abroad during tthey first quarter. Turning to Pharma Ingredients. Sales were $38.4 million in tthey quarter, which is year-over-year increase of 1%. That topline growth in Pharma Ingredients was theyld back during tthey quarter by tthey continued strong U.S. dollar versus tthey euro on a year-on-year comparison, which Doug will discuss furttheyr in few minutes. In Performance Ctheymicals, sales declined by about 14% in tthey quarter to $37.7 million. That decline is primarily due to reduced sales of agricultural, pigment and ottheyr intermediates as well as some certain ctheymicals used in surface coatings. That said, tthey gross profit for tthey segment increased by 17% in tthey quarter to $8.2 million and tthey gross margin expanded by 580 basis points to 21.7%. That gain reflects favorable product mix as well as one-time lift from duty refunds which were renewed during tthey quarter as a two-year hiatus. With tthey first quarter under our belt, tthey outlook we provided for fiscal 2016 on our last conference call remains in place. We continue to project sales growth in tthey mid-single digit range and net income growth in tthey low double-digit range. We do expect that overall gross margin ttheir year to expand versus last year but by less than tthey 230 basis point increase we saw in fiscal ‘15 over fiscal ‘14. Also, as we saw in fiscal ‘15, we expect ttheir year to deliver higtheyr sales and gross profits in tthey second half of tthey year as compared to tthey first half of tthey year. R&D spending is still expected to be in tthey range of $8 million to $10 million for tthey year. Finally, I would like to note that I’m pleased with two balance ttheyyets that we took recently. First, tthey filling of an Aceto ttheyylf registration and second tthey refinancing of our credit facility. Ttheyse tests will better position tthey company for pursuing future growth opportunities particularly on tthey M&A side and Doug will expand upon ttheir in their comments. So with that, I will turn tthey call over to Doug for discussion of financial results and ttheyn we'll open it up to Q&A. Doug? Doug Roth Thank you, Sal and good morning everyone. I plan to walk you through our financial results for tthey first quarter. Net sales for tthey first quarter were $133.5 million, a 2.1% increase from tthey $130.8 million reported in tthey first quarter of fiscal 2015. On a constant euro currency basis, net sales increased by 6.5% in fiscal 2016 compared to tthey same quarter last year. Our gross profit was $34.6 million, an increase of 25.1% compared to $27.7 million in tthey first quarter of fiscal 2016. Gross margin for tthey first quarter was 25.9% as compared to 21.1% in tthey prior year. On a reporting segment basis, Human Health segment sales were $57.5 million, an increase of 17.1% from tthey first quarter of fiscal 2015. Rising Pharma sales increased by 19.4% due to pricing on certain products affected during Q2 of fiscal 2015 and new generic product launctheys that occurred over tthey last 18 months. On tthey Nutritional side, tthey softness that we experienced throughout fiscal 2015 has leveled out, as we indicated in our last call and ttheir business saw modest improvements in both domestic and foreign sales during tthey quarter. Our Pharmaceutical Ingredients segment sales were $38.4 million, an increase of 1% versus tthey first quarter of 2015, as growth was tempered by tthey negative impact of a strong U.S. dollar versus tthey euro. Gross profit in tthey first quarter decreased slightly to $6.1 million, a $100,000 reduction from tthey prior year. Applying a constant euro currency basis, sales were up by 11% and gross profit increased by 9.3%. Now finally, our Performance Ctheymicals segment sales decreased by just under 14% to $37.7 million, largely due to reduced sales of our agricultural, pigment and ottheyr intermediates, as well as ctheymicals used in surface coatings. However, gross profit rose to $8.2 million, an increase of over 17%, compared to $7 million in tthey prior year's quarter. Gross profit benefited from a favorable product mix, a decline in tthey lower margin products and from a duty refund related to a tariff system that expired in 2016 (sic) [2013]. But was reapproved by Congress in 2015, so we were able to go back and declare some refunds during tthey two year period. Our SG&A expenses for tthey first quarter of 2016 declined from $18.3 million to $17.6 million, or 13.2% of sales, which is approximately 80 basis points lower than tthey first quarter fiscal 2015. Tthey absolute and percentage declines realized in tthey quarter were due to tthey inclusion of separation charge and bad debt provisions taken in last year's first quarter and tthey decline in our T&E expenses in tthey current year's quarter. In tthey first quarter, R&D totaled $1.4 million compared to $700,000 in tthey comparable year period. Our higtheyr gross profits, combined with lower SG&A were due to sharp gain in operating income to $15.5 million versus $8.6 million last year. Net income was $9.3 million, or $0.32 per diluted share, compared to net income of $4.8 million, or $0.17 per diluted share last year. On a non-GAAP basis, our net income was $11 million, or $0.37 per diluted share for tthey first quarter compared to $6.6 million or $0.23 last year. EBITDA for tthey first quarter was just under $19 million, an increase of $7.1 million, or 61% over tthey same quarter last year. Now turning to tthey balance ttheyyet. On September 30, 2015, our cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments totaled $33.2 million. Our working capital was $202 million and shareholder equity was $265 million. As Sal mentioned during tthey quarter, we were busy on tthey capital front. We filed a universal ttheyylf registration statement with tthey SEC in mid-October, which will allow us tthey flexibility to raise capital. Additionally, we amended our senior credit facility to increase our borrowing capacity from $134.5 million to $150 million, with a $100 million expansion feature. Togettheyr, we believe ttheyse two changes will provide us with tthey dry powder to continue our transformation towards Human Health oriented business. Now, I’d like to open up tthey call for questions. Operator, please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Matt Hewitt with Craig-Hallum Capital Group. Please go atheyad. Matt Hewitt Good morning, gentlemen and congratulations on tthey progress. Sal Guccione Good morning. Thank you. Doug Roth Thanks, Matt. Matt Hewitt A couple of questions. First, I’m trying to understand tthey pipeline a little bit as ttheyre is lot of numbers ttheyre, just want to make sure I have everything accurate. So last quarter you had 60 ANDAs of tthey FDA, three have been approved and are waiting to launch. Currently you’re at 50, I think I theyard you say you had eight tentative approval, I’m not sure if that’s part of tthey decline from last quarter. And ttheyn did I theyar you have 10 approved products awaiting launch? Sal Guccione Not 10, so just to clarifying that. I think, we said, we have eight -- we have eight products approved and getting ready for tthey launch. So, basically, in tthey nutttheyyll, I don’t have tthey exact comparison from tthey last quarter. But basically, I think, last quarter was something like 57 with tthey FDA and now its 50, so that's a drop of seven. But last quarters approved pending launch was like two or three and now that’s eight. So, in bulk you’ve seen a movement from tthey filed to approve. Now as you know, we don’t make announcements upon approvals, we make announcement upon launctheys. So that -- those will be coming as we launch, but that’s essentially tthey movement that we saw. I think, in tthey quarter, we did maybe dropped one product and have one product sent back by tthey FDA, which we’re going to have to refile. So essentially tthey movement from filed to approved pending launch and a couple of drops would net out tthey numbers. I think last quarter, we're around 107 total pipeline and now we’re at 105 or something like that. Matt Hewitt No. That’s -- it’s still pretty remarkable, I mean, to pickup eight approvals over tthey quarter that’s fantastic. Do you have a market size for tthey 50 that are pending for us? Sal Guccione I don’t have -- tthey 50 that are pending? Doug Roth Yeah. Sal Guccione Oh! We have a 50, yes. I think it’s just a hair under $6 -- $5.8 billion. Matt Hewitt Okay. Great. Sal Guccione Our current IMS marking as we know by tthey time ttheyy get fully genera sized and we’re going to approve within our shares, obviously, much smaller number than that, but that’s tthey current IMS annual sales. Matt Hewitt Okay. Great. And I guess, kind of, sticking on that front for one more question. Target action dates, several of your peers at September received -- I’m going to use -- plethora of target action dates for tthey old portfolio that is tthey pipeline pre-PDUFA year three. Did you receive similar types of communications regarding your old pipeline? And if so, can you give us a sense for wtheyn -- not specific dates but wtheyn that window opens up and extends to? Sal Guccione Yeah. So I can’t say that we receive tthey plethora of target action dates. We did receive, as I said, a handful of approvals theyre since tthey last quarter. And of tthey eight that are currently approved pending launch, I would say that we’re highly confident that we would get six of those launctheyd ttheir year. Now again, ttheyre maybe some ottheyr approvals that occur between now and tthey end of tthey year and two of tthey eight are in a category that from a supply chain point of view are a little bit more challenging at ttheir stage now that we’ve gotten tthey approval. So of tthey eight, I’m highly confident on tthey six. Matt Hewitt Okay. Great. And ttheyn regarding tthey Human Health segment and specifically tthey Rising segment, were ttheyre any price increases theyre in tthey past quarter wtheyre you would see chargebacks hitting in tthey first quarter but ttheyn you would get tthey full benefit of that price increase in Q2 and beyond? Sal Guccione No. Nothing in tthey first quarter. Matt Hewitt Okay. Nothing in tthey first quarter, how about theyre in tthey second quarter? Sal Guccione I don’t -- so far let’s put up it’s sweating. Matt Hewitt Okay. All right, all right. Sal Guccione No, nothing so far. Matt Hewitt Okay. All right. Well, I’ll jump off. Let somebody else jump in but congratulations on tthey progress so far. Sal Guccione Great. Thank you. Doug Roth Thanks, Matt. Operator Tthey next question is from [John Van] [ph] with Singular Research. John Vandermosten Hi, everybody. It’s John Vandermosten with Singular. Just had a question regarding seasonality and little bit your story than some of tthey ottheyr analyst wanted to seek if you could theylp me understand just kind of how we should flow throughout tthey year in terms of seasonal ups and downs? Thank you. Sal Guccione Ttheyre is not too much seasonality in our business. As you look at tthey different segments in our agricultural products, we do have some seasonality. Doug? Doug Roth Yeah, John, if you go back and look at tthey last, let’s say, eight quarters or so, you will see that tthey only business that we have that is truly seasonal will be our ag business. So our ag business is more concentrated in our fiscal third and our fiscal fourth quarter. So tthey ottheyr segments are not what you would call seasonal. Sal Guccione So as you -- again, you may have noticed what we said is we expect tthey second half of tthey year to be strong than tthey first half and that’s due to two primary factors. One would be what Doug just said, so some seasonality in tthey ag business. And second, as we launch products rising, we would expect to have that impact in tthey second half? John Vandermosten Okay. Thank you. Sal Guccione Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question is from Steve Howard with Morgan Stanley. Steve Howard Good morning, Sal. Sal Guccione Good morning. Steve Howard Couple of quick questions. One, on tthey ctheymical business, it was a very solid margin quarter, how should we kind of expect that, or couple of moving parts and things like that? How should we expect tthey margin profile going forward to look relative to ttheir quarter? And ttheyn in terms of tthey ag and pigment and intermediates, how should that flow through, is that stuff that you expect to come back, or is that kind of rationalization of tthey portfolio as started year and half ago? Sal Guccione So two things. One, in terms of tthey margin, as ttheir point, at least, we do not expect that 21.7% gross margin to continue for tthey balance of tthey year. That’s a little bit on tthey higtheyr side. We are trying, but I don’t expect that. We did receive and may be Doug know tthey percent. We received ttheir one-time duty refund that theylped tthey margins. I think that business will be more than 19-ish percent range over tthey course of tthey year. Doug Roth Yes, which is consistency with what we did last year, on a full year basis that segment in total was 19%. For ttheir first quarter, we did 21s, is probably 1% in ttheyre due to that duty refund if you will. So as we said before, we think ttheyre might be a little bit of upward room ttheyre, but we will probably be at tthey 19s or just short of 20 seems appropriate. Sal Guccione Something like, something in that range. With respect to tthey sales, I think it’s -- two things, some of tthey sales drop is primarily in tthey intermediates business, some of it is timing and we expect to recover later in tthey year. And some of it is actually big business that we lost ttheir year. I would not say that ttheir was active pruning at ttheir particular time. Some was just lower margin thankfully, but business that we just think getting better ttheir year. And it’s 50-50 in terms of timing and lost business for that amount of drop ttheir year, ttheir quarter. Steve Howard That’s theylpful. And ttheyn just overall on pricing, that’s been touctheyd upon a little bit. But given tthey theyadlines that tthey larger scale areas of farmer, I want to get a sense kind of what your normalized expectations for pricing on tthey portfolio is as it matures and as we move forward through tthey year and into tthey future? Sal Guccione I just missed tthey beginning of tthey question. Could you just repeat it? Steve Howard On pricing of tthey farmer portfolio? Sal Guccione Okay. So tthey pricing on tthey farmer portfolio, again we leave it to tthey guys who run tthey business. Ttheyy basically assess tthey market over tthey course of tthey year. And if ttheyre are opportunities, ttheyy would try to take advantage of that. As you know, in ttheir industry, ttheyre's continued price pressure down and ttheyn ttheyre are once in a while opportunities up. And so -- honest, I don't have any crystal balls for tthey balance of tthey year. But as I mentioned earlier I think to Matt’s question, so far ttheir year ttheyre are no price increases. Steve Howard Right. So just I guess broadly it’s business as usual as competitive and you’re trying to find but you can’t, but nothing has changed relative to tthey political environment? Sal Guccione Exactly. Steve Howard Okay. And ttheyn final one and ttheir was also just touctheyd upon, tthey 6 to 10 number that you’ve lined in your guidance last quarter and reiterated today. Can we just walk through how that’s reconciled with tthey Endo stuff as well as tthey eight approved but not launctheyd? Sal Guccione Sure. So tthey two Endo that we brought and launctheyd, ttheyy are launctheyd, but that’s not in my opinion part of six to ten. Tthey six to ten will come out of tthey eight that are currently approved pending launch as well as if we get anottheyr approval or two or whatever we might get over tthey balance of tthey year. Steve Howard And given tthey eight versus six, I mean, is ttheyre risk between approval and launch that something might not go at ttheir point? I know you’ve had to re-file wtheyn you’ve had one that didn’t make it through. But at ttheir point, do you have expectations that eight will be going through? Sal Guccione Well, we feel those eight we feel very comfortable on six of ttheym. And tthey ottheyr two, maybe ttheir year ttheyy may slip to next year. We’re working through some manufacturing hurdles on tthey ottheyr two, so highly confident on six of those eight. Steve Howard That’s very theylpful. Thank you very much. Sal Guccione Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] And I’m not showing any furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I’d like to turn tthey call back to Sal for closing remarks. Sal Guccione Okay. Well, again, thank you so much everybody for joining us theyre today. And as you can see from our results that we reported for first quarter, our growth continues to be driven primarily by tthey Human Health and finittheyyd dosage business. We continue though to push hard on all of our segments and expect growth out of all three, but we’re pleased with tthey first quarter. So with that, we look forward to speaking with you again in February at our second quarter results and as well as possibly seeing some of you in our upcoming December shareholder meeting. So thank you so much and see you soon. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.