Arch Capital Group Ltd. (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q4 2014 Earnings Conference Call February 11, 2015 11:00 AM ET Executives Dinos Iordanou - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Mark Lyons - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Analysts Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Josh Shanker - Deutscthey Bank Charles Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets Meyer Shields - KBW Brian Meredith - UBS Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Quarter Four 2014 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Thomas and I will be your operator for today. At ttheir time, all participants will be in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards tthey end of ttheir conference. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded for replay purposes. Before tthey company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statement in today’s press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey Federal Securities Laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management’s current assessment and assumptions on a subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey company intends tthey forward-looking statement in tthey call to be subject to tthey Safe Harbor created ttheyreby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in tthey company’s current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey company’s earnings press release and is available on tthey company’s website. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Dinos Iordanou and Mr. Mark Lyons. Please proceed. Dinos Iordanou Thank you, Thomas. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. We had an excellent fourth quarter in closing a very, very good year. In our theirtory over tthey last 12 years, we had three years that we are in over $800 million of net income and ttheir is one of ttheym. Earnings were driven by excellent reported underwriting results and solid investment results. Net premium revenue grew by 7.5% as growth in our insurance and mortgage businesses more than offset a decline in reinsurance net writings. As a reminder, our U.S. direct mortgage business was acquired in tthey first quarter of 2014 and ttheyrefore tthey year-over-year comparison should be viewed in that light. On an operating basis, we’re in $1.15 per share for tthey quarter which produce an annualize return on equity of 10.4% for tthey 2014 fourth quarter versus 11.7% return in tthey fourth quarter of 2013. On a net income basis, Arch earned $1.60 per share ttheir quarter, which corresponds to an annualize 14.5% return on equity. As we discussed in prior calls, starting shortly after tthey financial crisis, we have allocated a greater portion of investable assets in alternative categories, which includes all of our equity investments. Looking back over tthey past five years from 2010 to 2014, operating return on average equity has averaged 10% annually wtheyre our net income ROE has averaged 14%. Ttheir is a significant delta of 400 basis points over each year and roughly translates into an additional 190 million of annual income for each of tthey last five years. As I indicated earlier, our reported underwriting results in tthey fourth quarter were excellent as reflected by a combine ratio of 85.5% and were rated by low level catastropthey losses and continue favorable loss reserve development. Net investment income per share on a sequential basis increased for tthey quarter to $0.56 per share, up from $0.53 per share in tthey third quarter of 2014. Our operating cash flow for tthey quarter was essentially flat at 227 million compared to 224 million in tthey same period last year. Despite theyadwinds from foreign exchange tthey total return of tthey investment portfolio was 85 basis points for tthey quarter and 134 basis points if expressed in local currency. As you know, we maintain a natural theydge with our investments as we match our outstanding liabilities in tthey currency that exists with investments in tthey same currency. A book value per common share at December 31, 2014 was $45.58 per share, an increase of 3.5% sequentially and 14% annualize and 14.5% as it compares to tthey fourth quarter of 2013. With respect to capital management, we continue to have capital in excess of our targeted levels and in tthey fourth quarter 2014, we repurchased 3.6 million shares at an average price of $56.28 for a total cost of 202 million and have purchased an addition 70 million of our shares still for in tthey first quarter of 2015. We’ve increased M&A activity in tthey sector, we continue to evaluated opportunities such as acquisitions, business units, peoples and renewal rights transactions. As you know, we prefer to deploy our excess capital back into our business, but today ttheyse opportunities have not met our criteria. Tthey insurance segment’s gross return grew by 9.8% and net return premium by a similar 9.6%. Tthey growth emanated from our professional lines, excess and surplus casualty business including our contract binding unit and alternative markets and it was partially offset by decrease in construction in national accounts businesses. Mark will have more details on ttheir later in tthey call. Most of our organic growth in coming from small accounts with low limit which should have lower volatility. On tthey ottheyr hand, competitive conditions in tthey property sector had negatively affected primary property rate and accordingly our U.S. premium volume in those lines. In tthey primary markets in which our insurance group participates, despite an increase competitive market place, we continue to maintain rate increases in most lines of business at approximately tthey same level as we have absorbed last quarter. On tthey reinsurance side of tthey business, as you might have theyard on ottheyr calls from our competitors, we have seen a continuation of softening in pricing and broadening pressures on terms and conditions. From a premium production point of view, net return premium was down 6.5% in tthey quarter for tthey reinsurance group wtheyre gross premiums rose by nearly 5% with tthey growth in tthey segment primarily from businesses we produce on behalf of Watford Re. Our mortgage segment includes primary mortgage insurance within through Arch MI in tthey U.S. and reinsurance treaties covering mortgage risk which is written globally as well as ottheyr risk sharing transactions. Net premium - net written premium in ttheir segment decline sequentially in tthey fourth of 2014 to 53 million from 58 million in tthey prior quarter. As we discussed last quarter, some of our growth in tthey third quarter came from participation on single pay premium policies, ttheyse are loans wtheyre tthey mortgage insurance premium is paid up front. In tthey fourth quarter, we have seen increased competition in tthey single pay premium policies and as a result, we reduce our writing significantly. As in all of our units, underwriting discipline is tthey foundation that Arch was built on and we will continue to exercise that discipline in all of our segments. What is important to note is that our sales forces now fully staff and as a result of ttheyir efforts, we continue grain traction in tthey bad channel. As of December 31, we have approved more than 481 master policy applications from banks and more than 150 of ttheyse banks have already submit loans us for our approval. Of ttheyse master policies, 34 represent national accounts and tthey balance are regional banks. Of tthey top 25 mortgage originations for conforming mortgage sold to tthey GSCs with of course attach mortgage insurance, we now have approval on master policies with 19 of those 25 lenders. We continue see GSC risk-sharing transactions increasing in 2015 with GSC establittheyyd goals for credit risk-sharing rising from 90 billion. Ttheir is national value of mortgage loans for each Fannie and Freddie in 2014 to 150 billion and a 120 billion for Fannie Freddie respectively in 2015, that’s a significant increase. Today on average, approximately 70% of tthey risk-sharing has been provided by tthey capital markets, although an increasing percentage of tthey risk pool has been allocated to tthey insurance and reinsurance markets in 2015. While care on accounting treatment requires us to use tthey derivative accounting for tthey GSC risk-sharing transactions, we expect ttheyse contracts to receive insurance accounting treatment on a perspective basis for all enforce and addition new transactions in tthey near future. Group wide on an expected basis, we believe tthey ROE on tthey business we underwrote ttheir past year will produce an underwriting year ROE in tthey range of 10% to 12%. As on a percentage valued basis, improvement in tthey insurance group and tthey addition of tthey mortgage segment approximately offset lower expected returns in tthey reinsurance segment. Before in turn it over to Mark, I would like also to give you our PMLs. As usual, I would like to point out that our cat PML aggregates reflect business bound through January 1st, which tthey premium numbers indicated in our financial statements through December 31 and that tthey PMLs are reflected net of all reinsurance and retrocession we purchased. And so January 1st, 2015 our largest 250 year PMLs for a single event decreased significantly in tthey Norttheyast to 544 million or 9% of common shareholder’s equity while Gulf PMLs also decreased to $527 million and our Florida Tri-County PML now stands at $419 million. Last quarter I said that was tthey lowest numbers as of that time, ttheir quarter now brought us to even lower PML accumulation for tthey group. I will now turn it over to Mark to comment furttheyr in our financials and ttheyn we’ll come back and take your questions. Mark. Mark Lyons Thank you, Dinos and good morning everyone. As was true [ph] on last quarter’s call, my comments that follow today are on a pure Arch basis which excludes tthey ottheyr segment that being Watford Re unless ottheyrwise noted. Furttheyrmore, since tthey accounting definition of tthey word consolidated includes tthey results of Watford, I will not be using that term but instead will be tthey using tthey work core to refer to our combined segments of insurance, reinsurance and mortgage. Ttheir for me, it’s apples-to-apples comparison of Arch’s current results with prior periods. So moving on now with has been defined, tthey combined ratio ttheir year quarter for our core businesses was 87.5% with 2.3 points of current accident year cat related events, net of reinsurance and reinstatement premiums compared to tthey 2013 fourth combined ratio of 85.4% which reflected 2 point of cat related events. Losses recorded in tthey fourth quarter from 2014 catastrophic events, net of reinsurance recoverable and reinstatement premiums totaled 19.9 million primarily emanating from our reinsurance operations representing smaller events around tthey globe. Tthey 2014 fourth quarter core combined ratio reflected 8.3 points of prior year net favorably development net of reinsurance related acquisition expenses compared to 7.9 points of prior period favorable on tthey same basis in tthey 2013 fourth quarter. Ttheir resulted a 93.5% current core accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats for tthey fourth quarter 2014 compared to tthey 91.3% accident quarter combined ratio in tthey fourth quarter of 2013. In tthey insurance segment, tthey 2014 accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats with 96.4% compared to an accident quarter combined ratio of 96.5% a year ago and also represents a sequential improvement from tthey 98.0 accident quarter combined ratio last quarter. Tthey reinsurance segment, 2014 accident quarter combined ratio without cats was 87.3% compared to 84.9% in tthey 2013 fourth quarter, but ttheir also represents a sequential improvement from tthey 90.6% combined ratio last quarter. As noted in prior quarters, tthey reinsurance segments results reflect changes in tthey mix of premiums earned including a lower contribution from property catastropthey business. Tthey mortgage segment 2014 accident quarter combined ratio with 98.9% compared to 62.1 for tthey four quarter of 2013. Ttheir increase is predominantly driven by tthey substantial change in mix resulting from tthey January 2014 acquisition of our U.S. primary mortgage operations. Tthey full accident year 2014 core combined ratio without cats was 94% even versus 91.3% for tthey full 2013 accident year. By segment, tthey insurance group’s full 2014 accident year was 96.3% versus 97.5% for tthey 2013 accident and tthey reinsurance group combined ratio for tthey full 2014 year was 90.7% versus 82.9% for tthey 2013 accident year. Tthey insurance segment accounts for roughly 16% of tthey total net favorable development in tthey 2014 fourth quarter excluding tthey associated impact of acquisition expenses and ttheir was primarily driven by shorter tailed lines from tthey 2007 to 2013 accident years. Tthey reinsurance segment accounts for approximately 84% of tthey total net favorable development ttheir quarter with approximately half of that due to net favorable development on short-tailed liens concentrated in tthey more recent underwriting years and about half due to net favorable development on longer-tailed lines primarily from tthey 2002 through 2006 and 2009 through 2011 underwriting years. Our core operations across tthey full 2014 calendar year experienced 307 million of net favorable development, net of reinsurance reinstatement premium as a related acquisition expenses which represents 8.8% combined ratio points versus 254 million of net favorable development last year for tthey 2013 calendar year which represent 8.1 combined ratio points. Ttheir full 2014 calendar year net favorable development was approximately split 15% reinsurance group and 85% in tthey reinsurance segment. Approximately 68% of our core 7.3 billion of total net reserves for loss and loss adjustment expenses are IBNR as additional case reserves, which remains fairly consistent across both tthey reinsurance and insurance segments. Tthey core expense ratio for tthey fourth quarter of 2014 was 34.7% versus tthey prior year’s comparative quarter expense ratio of 33.7 driven by an increase in tthey operating expense ratio partially offset by a decrease in tthey acquisition expense ratio. Tthey increase in tthey operating expense ratio component continues to reflect tthey addition of our U.S. mortgage insurance operations which is operating at a higtheyr expense ratio and so business hit to steady state, as well as tthey effect of incremental expenses due to certain platform expansions in both our reinsurance and insurance businesses. Tthey insurance segment improved to a 32.4% expense ratio for tthey quarter compared to 33.9% a year ago primarily reflecting a lower net acquisition ratio driven mostly by a change in tthey accounting treatment of New York workers’ compensation surcharges and securing improves treaty seating commissions on quota share contract seated. Tthey reinsurance segment expense ratio increased from 31.7% in tthey fourth quarter to - in tthey four quarter of 2013, tthey 32.5% ttheir quarter, primarily due to a higtheyr level of operating expenses supporting selected platform expansions. Tthey ratio of net premium to gross premium, our core operations in tthey quarter was 75.2% versus 78.4% a year ago. Tthey insurance segment had a virtually constant ration with 69.1%. Tthey reinsurance segment net to gross ratio was 85.5% ttheir quarter compared to 96% a year ago, primarily reflecting sessions to Watford Re as a reinsurer. Our U.S. insurance operations achieved a plus 3.3% effective renewal rate increase ttheir quarter net of reinsurance. As commented on last quarter, tthey pricing environment is quite different for short-tailed lines versus long-tailed lines. Short-tailed lines of business had an effective 2% renewal rate decrease for tthey quarter compared to a 4% effective renewal rate increase for tthey longer-tailed lines both on tthey net of reinsurance basis. Rate increases on longer-tailed lines continue to be above our view of weighted loss trends. Looking more deeply some lines incurred rate reductions such as nearly 6% reduction in property and 3.5% reduction in our high capacity D&L lines while ottheyrs enjoyed theyalthy increases such as 9% effective rate increase and our lower capacity D&L line, 10% increase in national account businesses, 6.5% rate increases in our contract binding book, 6% increases in our A&H or accident and theyalth business and 4.5% rates increases in programs. Also certain lines continued our achievement of strong cumulative rate increases. So for example, our lower capacity D&L lines have now achieved 14 consecutive quarters of rate increase and have in fact secured double digit rate increase in 10 of those 14 consecutive quarters. Tthey mortgage segment posted 100.6% combined ratio for tthey calendar quarter. Tthey expense ratio is expected and as mentioned earlier, continues to be high as tthey operating ratio related to our U.S. primary operation will remain elevated into a proper scale as achieved. Tthey net written premium of 52.7 million in tthey quarter is driven by tthey 25.3 million from our U.S. primary operation and 27.4 million of net written premium from our reinsurance mortgage operations including tthey 100% quota share PMIs 2009 to 2011 underwriting years as part of tthey acquisition of tthey CMG companies in tthey PMI platform. Ttheir reflects a lower sequential level of written premium on competitively bid single premium U.S. insurance as Dinos has already noted versus tthey 2014 serial quarter for tthey third quarter. At December 31st, 2014, our risk enforce for mortgage business equaled 10.1 billion which included 5.6 billion from our U.S. mortgage insurance operations, 4.4 billion to our world-wide reinsurance operations and 135 million through tthey risk-sharing transactions. Our primary U.S. mortgage operation down 1.4 billion of new insurance written during tthey quarter, which represents tthey aggregate of original principle balances of old loans receiving new coverage during tthey quarter. Tthey weighted average cost for tthey U.S. primary portfolio remains strong at 733 and weighted average loan to value ratio theyld steady at 93.4%. No states risk enforce represents more than 10% of tthey portfolio and our U.S. primary mortgage insurance company is operating at an estimated 9.5 to 1 risk to capital ratio at year end 2014. Tthey ottheyr segment which is effectively Watford Re reported 101.6 combined ratio for tthey quarter, nearly 91 million of that written premiums and 53.6 million of net earned premiums. As a reminder, ttheyse premiums as posted reflect 100% of tthey business assumed rattheyr than simple Arch’s approximate 11% common share addressed. Our joint venture Gulf Re produced a 5 million loss for tthey quarter, due to an unusually high frequency of large technical risk losses coming from tthey Middle East. Ttheir is reflected as an income statement within tthey ottheyr income line. Effective October 1st, 2014, Arch Re to acquire completed ownership of Gulf Re and is also institute tthey loss portfolio transfer including an unknown premium reserve transfer and establittheyyd an ongoing 90% quarter share agreement for new and renewal business. Final approval tthey acquisition terms is pending with tthey Dubai Financial Services Authority. Tthey total return of our investment portfolio was a reported positive 85 bps in tthey 2014 fourth quarter reflecting positive returns in our equity, alternative investment and investment grade fixed income sectors partially offset by tthey impact of strengttheyn U.S. dollar on most of our foreign denominated investments. Excluding foreign exchange as Dinos mentioned, total return was a positive 134 bps in tthey 2014 fourth quarter and on a full 2014 calendar year basis, tthey total return was a positive 321 bps and excluding foreign exchange, return was a positive 426 bps led by our alternative and equity sectors. Our embedded pre-tax yield before expenses was 2.18% as of year-end compared to 2.21% at September 30th, while tthey duration of tthey portfolio lengttheyned slightly to 3.34 years from last quarter’s 3.28 years. Fixed income duration fluctuate due to technical investment decisions as opposed to long terms strategic shifts. Tthey current duration continues to reflect our conservative position on interest rates in tthey current yield environment. Reported net investment income for ttheir was 72.6 million or $0.56 per share versus 72.2 million in tthey 2014 third quarter of $0.53 per share and versus 67.1 million or $0.49 per share in tthey 2013 fourth quarter. As always, we’re evaluating investment performance on a total return basis and not really by tthey geography of net investment income. Interest expense of 12.7 million has returned to tthey quarterly run rate after last quarter’s adjustment that we discuss for a certain loss portfolio transfer. Our effective tax rate and pre-tax operating income available to our shareholders for tthey fourth quarter of 2014 with an expense of 1.7% compared to an expense of 8.3% in tthey fourth quarter 2013. Tthey full year of 2014 effective tax rate and pre-tax operating income was 2.4% versus 4.8% for calendar year 2013. Fluctuations and tthey effective tax rate can result from variability in tthey relative mix of income or loss reported by jurisdiction. Our capital was 7.03 billion at tthey end of ttheir year, up 0.7% relative to September 30th and up 7.4% relative to year-end 2013. During ttheir quarter, as Dinos mentioned, we purchased nearly 3.6 million shares at an aggregate cost of approximately 202 million brining our full year repurchases to 454 million. Ttheyse repurchases occurred during tthey third and fourth quarter since we repurchased no stock in tthey first half of 2014. Our repurchases during tthey year were accomplittheyyd had an approximate 1.25 X multiple to average book value. Furttheyrmore, approximately 887 million remains under our existing buyback authorization at year-end 2014. Ttheyse share repurchases in tthey quarter have tthey effective reducing book value per share by $0.29 and $0.59 for tthey entire year. Out debt-to-capital remains low at 12.8% and debt plus hybrids represents only 17.4% of our total capital which continues to give us significant financial flexibility. As Dinos already said, we continue to estimate having capital excess of our targeted position. Dinos has already commented on book value and changes in book value, so I don’t need to repeat that. So with ttheyse introductory comments, we are now pleased to take your questions, Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Sativa [ph], JPMorgan. Please proceed. Unidentified Analyst Hi good morning. Dinos Iordanou Good morning, Savita. Unidentified Analyst I wanted your due on tthey recent consolidation in tthey industry and what are your thoughts on tthey implications of that from tthey competitive standpoint and do you feel tthey need of tthey bigger perhaps it sounds like $10 billion of new minimum? Dinos Iordanou Well first tthey consolidation I think is positive for tthey business. You eliminate some competitors, you creating larger enterprises and hopefully more responsible enterprises from pricing and risk taking point of view. So in all and all I think you know I view that as positive. Ttheyre would be less what I would call desperate competitors doing things that ttheyy can be extremely competitive in tthey market. So on tthey size question, I don’t - if you retain a company you might have ttheir advantages but I don’t know if 5 billion or 10 billion is tthey new norm. As far as we concern is quality that we are looking for not size, quality in underwriting talent and ability in upsize. We have an upsize as a company wtheyre our market cap is approaching a billion, we have over 7 billion of net capital. And for that reason, we are more focus to do things that make for Arch and our shareholders rattheyr than focusing what size our companies. Unidentified Analyst Okay, great. And ttheyn on mortgage insurance, could you update us on your long-term outlook for that business? Is it still reasonable to think it could be 15% of your earnings in five years particularly given some of your comments around some increased competition in particular lines? Dinos Iordanou Your first question, yes I think it can be 15 even maybe 20%. Don’t forget, we a global mortgage business, is not just tthey U.S. Primary MI, ttheyre is sharing transactions that ttheyy are coming from tthey GSCs. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, ttheyy are allocation a larger portion of that to tthey insurance, reinsurance market instead of just a capital market and also ttheyy are increasing ttheyir purchasing. Ttheyse are - a lot of ttheyse transactions are ttheyir protection that Fannie and Freddie buys for ttheyir 60 to 80 LTV loans. We don’t require by law to mortgage insurance. In addition to that our penetration with tthey bank channel even though has been extremely good. I - we have signed 19 out of tthey top 25, but it takes time to start receiving and underwriting and binding that insurance with ttheyse channels. And we are more optimistic today that I was a year ago that not only tthey business is still very good despite some competition in one tiny segment of tthey business, it’s - tthey upfront paid single premium is not a huge part. Well tthey business is significant part but if ttheyre is competition ttheyre, we don’t need to - we don’t need to underwrite business that doesn’t fit our return characteristics and we go to ottheyr places. But overall I am very optimistic about what we have told our investors about tthey prospects of tthey mortgage business for Arch, it will be a significant part of our business even though it will take a few years to get to steady state. Unidentified Analyst Great, thanks for tthey answers. Dinos Iordanou You are quite welcome. Operator Thank you. Your next question comes from tthey line of Michael Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed. Michael Nannizzi Thank you. Just a couple more quick ones on tthey MI business, can you us what percentage or what’s tthey breakdown of tthey U.S. MI insurance enforce that’s eittheyr that single premium versus tthey typical monthly business? Dinos Iordanou I don’t have that number on top of my theyad but Mark kindly get tthey number and ttheyn we’ll give it you. Our guys in Watford [ph] will know that in a second and a half. I just don’t have it on top of my theyad. Michael Nannizzi Okay. Mark Lyons Yeah, we don’t have it right in front of us, so we can certainly get it. Michael Nannizzi Okay. Yeah, I mean and I guess wtheyn you think about like tthey base for thinking about your growth in that franctheire, I would imagine is more tthey monthly business. How should we be thinking about tthey potential growth of new insurance written from theyre on, I mean given some of tthey master policy developments is some of your items just because aside from just a top line impact, that’s obviously going to have an impact on tthey operating leverage in that segment? Dinos Iordanou Well, I’ll give you a macro answer to it. Everything points to what we originally said to you guys. We expect to be north of 10% market share and it will take us at least three years to get ttheyre and that has not change in our minds based on what we see. It took us about three quarters longer than I thought to close tthey transaction, so in that sense we lost at least six months maybe nine months from our original. I am patient guys, so I thought things closer that faster than ttheyy did, but dealing with a lot of different entities and constituencies, it took us longer to close. But I think we’re touching up on it, because I’ve been more optimistic as we have built tthey sales force, we are about 60 people nation-wide and also tthey reception that we have received from tthey originators in our centering tthey segment. So 19 out of top 25 is a big accomplishment in almost five quarters since we’ve been in operations. It will time as those mortgages come, because wtheyn you underwrite a mortgage, you do it and ttheyn you wait for all our premium to come in, it comes over tthey next six, seven years. And that’s why you see ttheyre is a little pressure on us now on tthey expense ratio and you know but at tthey end all tthey business we write is good business, we like tthey written characteristics of it and we patience with it because that’s tthey nature of tthey business. Michael Nannizzi Got it. Great, thanks. Dinos Iordanou I would just add to that, that outlook is depended on tthey view and what emerges on tthey macroeconomic front on construction building and new housing starts and originations and it goes. But you asked kind of a general question as well on macro, so about recent developments, one of which would be tthey FHA pricing for example and that may not be negative for tthey industry. I mean that’s overwtheylmingly focused in a differential sense in lower fright and higtheyr LTV quadrants if you will, which is more traditionally tthey FHA, we will house anyway. Michael Nannizzi Got it, fair thank you and ttheyn just wtheyn thinking about tthey insurance, tthey insurance segment and kind of tthey growth that we saw in 2014 is impacted by - I think it was impacted by tthey spot of renewal right feel in tthey second quarter I mean which is not attributable amount. How should we think about that, should we be peeling that out as we look forward or should we be assuming that continues to be part of tthey premium base in four years and know how should we be think about premium trends excluding that transaction on a forward basis? Thank you. Dinos Iordanou I think on spot and those kinds of capital deals, I think you should be viewing that as resident and ttheyrefore inclusive on your view. On your relative comparisons you have to control for that could explains a lot of tthey difference. But remember ttheyre is a lot of big mess on those deals because of tthey way ttheyy are structured, wtheyre you write and you see tthey bottom rattheyr than traditionally sit on tthey top on actually sitting in tthey bottom. So tthey premium stick at tthey ribs is 22%, 25%, 27% things of that nature. So tthey short answer is you should continue to view that I think as resident in tthey book of business going forward. Your second point, refresh me. Michael Nannizzi Just so we back that out and we think about tthey reminder of tthey book, how should we think about, are we thinking about an 8% to 10% sort of trajectory of tthey remaining businesses. Is that sustainable, I mean are you seeing enough business wtheyre you can continue to run that? Mark Lyons Well Michael, as you know we never give forward guidance on ttheyse things. However tthey part of a premium growth attributable to rate growth. As I commented on third party lines continues to have attraction ttheyre. It’s challenging in property which is why you see really across tthey enterprise property volume, usually property cash volume dropping really on both sides of tthey coin. So it could be a function of what we can do on our mix. I think we’ve demonstrated, we do a pretty good job of shifting and managing it. So but in term of what tthey markets give that’s what reactive, so I really can’t and I don’t think I am a quit to tell you wtheyttheyr would be 8% or 10% going forward. Dinos Iordanou You know our principle theyre is to underwrite business that meet written characteristics. And we don’t spend a lot of time thinking about, oh we got to grow by 5% or 10% or shrink by 5 or 10, it’s - my old boss says, Mr. Market is Mr. Market and they will tell what it is, hopefully we will make more decisions in operating in that market. So not knowing wtheyre our rates are going to go and now knowing what tthey competition might theyat, you got all ttheyse transactions, tthey M&A activity usually in our business one plus one never recalls two. Ttheyy are going to slices of bread and bread crumbs filling off tthey table, we’ll be ttheyre to pick it up, we’re not that you know that’s how I grew up. I was eating bread crumb wtheyn I grew up. So at tthey end of tthey day, it’s a hard question because we really don’t focus on it. But I can tell you, we like tthey primary insurance business. Yes, tthey market is more competitive. I don’t think we lost ground as you saw between tthey third and fourth quarter. Just a little bit on our first quarter numbers ttheyy are in but you know I get monthly reports and our first quarter was not as projected to be disappointing as some people were predicting, it just happen as we thought it was going to happen. So you can cook all that and ttheyn come up with your own projecting. And if you allow me, I have that number for you guys on tthey split between on tthey MI business, tthey single premium volume for tthey industry is about 13% of tthey total. So 87% is monthly and about 13% is upfront single premium. Michael Nannizzi That’s for tthey industry or for your… Dinos Iordanou For tthey industry, yeah we do a little in tthey single premium sector. As I said we do significantly in tthey fourth quarter because of tthey competitive pressures. Michael Nannizzi Got it. Great, thank you for tthey answer. Dinos Iordanou 13% of tthey business in general. Mark Lyons And Michael before we leave that point, I just - one think you can pretty much think about is that and we’ve being hopping on ttheir for a while back to your insurance group question is that continued emphasis on mix towards smaller account limit business wtheyre you have more strength of price and strength of terms and conditions is continue. And if tthey continued high capacity commodity business continues - in its current pace that will continue to shrink. Michael Nannizzi Got it. Very theylpful, thank you. Operator Thank you. Your next question comes from Vinay Misquith from Evercore. Please proceed. Vinay Misquith Hi good afternoon. Tthey first question, I don’t recall wtheyttheyr you mentioned about tthey January 1 renewals is to how you guys did? Dinos Iordanou No, I was making a comment a little bit tthey January 1 renewals. We didn’t see a significant change with tthey numbers we mention. Long-tailed lines rate increases in tthey two to four range and property continue to be losing ground in tthey 5% to 10%. We reduced significantly on tthey reinsurance property, property cat. You saw PLMs go down significantly. Volume wise, I think we did okay. Loss some volume theyre and ttheyre, we got some new business. But it’s early, we not because of our insurance group and also our reinsurance group participating in a lot of ttheyse small enterprises so to speak looking to underwrite tthey same kind of business our insurance group underwrites. Our business is more spread throughout tthey year and is not theyavy January 1. But I was not disappointed with January 1. Vinay Misquith So but modestly down or be normal for us to expect, correct? Dinos Iordanou Yeah. Vinay Misquith Okay, second question is on tthey reinsurance margins, I mean tthey accident year combines have been coming and very strong, so is that because of now business mix as a towers transaction and some of tthey higtheyr loss, should transaction go away and so should we be looking at tthey last two quarters average as tthey base for tthey future? Mark Lyons Well tthey improvement as you mentioned in tthey fourth quarter is clearly a function of mix. It’s - we have a lot of transactions that can come through, that can wait at one direction of tthey ottheyr. So it’s kind of hard to say wtheyttheyr tthey average of tthey last two is representative because that would exclude one-one business because that’s only tthey second half of last year, but it’s going to fluctuate and it’s going to be a function of mix. So I can tell you is that tthey ultimate projections of tthey same line of business in those two quarters really didn’t change, simple tthey mixture of tthey change to wait down tthey fourth quarter to be lower than tthey prior quarter. Vinay Misquith Okay, that’s theylpful. And tthey mortgage insurance business, ttheyy pick up in tthey expense ratio, do you expect tthey dollar worth of expenses to stay at ttheyse levels for next year for ’15? Dinos Iordanou No, so in fact we expect expenses to coming down as we are building tthey book. Also we had an unusual expense for ttheir quarter on one transaction. We had a reinsurance transaction in tthey mortgage space that we bound, tthey Sweden had an option to terminate and ttheyn we negotiated that option away and it comes in as additional acquisition expense in that negotiating. So is business that we like is that be very profitable for us. But in tthey quarter that you do tthey transaction, you take tthey hit on tthey expenses. So you are putting tthey expenses upfront. And ttheyn you are going on tthey premium although tthey next six, seven years, so likely not recurrent. Vinay Misquith Okay, that’s theylpful and just one, so 50,000 food question. Dinos, ttheyre’s been transaction was recently sort of take under of a large reinsurer. Curious is to any of your thoughts as to why not been involved in that transaction at a low evaluation? Dinos Iordanou Well, I mean we don’t usually sit ttheyre or worry about who is going to show us a transaction or not. That transaction it was negotiated by two parties, we have no knowledge of it. For whatever reason tthey reason thing we can be an attractive partner, but I think you go to ask ttheym is to why ttheyy didn’t approach us. But all I can tell you that we will not approach. Vinay Misquith Okay, alright, thank you very much. Dinos Iordanou You’re quite welcome. Operator Thank you. Your next question comes from line of Ian Gutterman from Balyasny Asset Management. Please proceed. Ian Gutterman Thank you. Dinos Iordanou You must have done well, you meet in tthey middle of tthey pack, what is tthey back row stuff. Ian Gutterman My newest resolution was to shop earlier, so I only wanted to go ttheyre. My first question is, I am surprised to theyar tthey big funds coming, I thought you grew up rich. Dinos Iordanou Listen, I grew up as a very poor kid, you know six siblings and my fattheyr was a cop, so not a big salary. But we made it. Mark Lyons I think ttheir is lot, theylpful with tthey term lumpy. Ian Gutterman So my first real question is, Mark I thought I theyard you say that you were able to get insurance accounting going forward on ttheir GSE which turn deals, is that correct? Mark Lyons Tthey feeling is that is sooner than later self-details and finality to be worked out. But all antenna, vibrating antenna tell us that, that is probably going to be a 2015 of that. Dinos Iordanou But it’s 2015 and not end of 2015, probably ttheir quarter late second quarter. Ttheyre we work in tthey contracts to allow us to have insurance accounting on those contracts on a perspective basis. Ian Gutterman Right, right on a perspective, so related to that is I guess I am trying piece things togettheyr theyre. It looks like you started a new subsidiary thoughts more guarantee that seems like design for ttheyse transactions, is that correct, that’s like a purposes on that and? Dinos Iordanou Well is designed to have flexibility mostly to write more mortgage insurance that ttheyy come from originators you know banks and ottheyrs might not really require by who have more insurance. Ttheyse might be jumbo loan, ttheyre might be ottheyr transaction. But tthey goal is to use that entity to provide more product and more flexibility toolkit for what we do for all those originators. Mark Lyons And some of tthey rational that could be, it sounds like it’s packaged and sent on conforming loans to tthey GSC, ttheir is stuff wtheyre tthey banks are having native capital requirements, so we could provide value. Ian Gutterman Got it. Okay, I was wondering tthey complements, you are feeling that ttheyy need to setup ttheir subsidiary wtheyre it was indicator faster growth potentially in that area and maybe tthey accounting as well, maybe curious that perhaps has been made on and so more ttheir type of deals? Dinos Iordanou I mean ttheyse buyers are going to more soptheirticated. I think credit risk is an issue. That entity has tthey higtheyr credit rating in tthey business. And you know one soptheirticated buyers of tthey product wtheyn ttheyy are buying protection for maybe tthey jumbo loans that ttheyy are not going to sell to tthey GSC et cetera that will make a difference. So that’s tthey avenue that we choose to go down to show tthey strength of tthey group in obtaining an entity that it has a higtheyr financial rating that it will make a difference for soptheirticated buyers of tthey product. Ian Gutterman Got it, interesting. And ttheyn my ottheyr question… Dinos Iordanou One ottheyr thing, I think one takeaway you should take - you should have with that whole insurance accounting thing is I think it shows a level of desire and commitment that ttheyy have for tthey GSCs toward tthey insurance and reinsurance sector that ttheyy are willing to invest tthey time and effort to and tthey listing for tthey preferences to tthey industry to have insurance accounting. And I mean ttheyy wouldn’t go through all ttheir effort and time commitment if ttheyy didn’t view us as a longer term partner. Ian Gutterman That’s kind of I was getting answer, that’s good to theyar. And just my ottheyr question is switching gears, reserve releases in reinsurance obviously I think you expressed a lot of comfort with reserves. Just within tthey last two years have been your higtheyst years of reserve releases at least dollar wise I think in a theirtory of tthey reinsurance company. And I guess I find little surprising just because I think tthey five years been sort of tthey first five years of tthey company’s formation and tthey last five years maybe been still very good and as good. So is ttheyre anymore color you can give us as far as…? Dinos Iordanou Tthey only thing I can tell you is we have not changed dollar and we feel as confident about our reserve - our aggregate reserve position today as we felt a year ago two years ago, three years ago. So we let tthey number speak for ttheymselves. I got a lot of quant in ttheir company, I think pretty soon I’ll be worried that ttheyy are going to farm you, because I am tthey only guy who doesn’t have an actual royalty in tthey senior management. You know Grandisson, Papadopoulo, Mark Lyons, Dave and I were tthey two orphans without tthey actual royalty, but everybody else has one, so. Mark Lyons Yeah, but ttheyy doesn’t have an aeronautical engineering. Ian Gutterman I guess what I am wondering is has it been any shifts, maybe if you go back a few years ago is mostly say ’02 to ’08 years, has it shifted to wtheyre those have kind of run out of ’08 to ’11 or is that sort of classify markets to leasing a lot and just tthey more recent years on top of it or reaching your theyights, I am just trying to get a sense of sort of mix? Dinos Iordanou Ian, I think it’s a reinsurance question. I think we commented that on prior quarter and you asked tthey full year question. Tthey complexion of tthey releases on tthey U.S. based reinsurance operation or Bermuda based reinsurance operation has been towards looking hard at tthey longer-tailed lines from tthey earlier years. Going back to 2010, 2011, 2012 ttheyy were dominant by short-tailed lines and medium tailed lines. It’s longer-tailed enough for an insurance carrier, tthey reinsurance carrier with tthey late reporting and access a loss contracts and things of that nature, you got to wait longer and that we waited longer, you are starting to see some of ttheir come down because tthey evidence is much more clear. Ian Gutterman Got it, that makes perfect sense. Alright, thank guys. Operator Thank you. Your next question comes from line of Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed. Kai Pan Well, thank you. I just match to come behind Ian. Dinos, before I let you go for lunch I have three questions. Number one is on capital management, so you said ttheyre is less deals out ttheyre attractive and also your PML at very low level that your stock actually trading at upper end 1.3 time wtheyre you typically would like to buy below that. So how do you sort of what do you saw process theyre in terms of return to shareholders? Dinos Iordanou Well, we’ll look for deals if ttheyy make sense for us. We will look - we still believe that share buyback it’s an option and we also have tthey ability to do an extra on dividend if we choose to release some of tthey excess capital. To tell you tthey truth, right now based on tthey, I wouldn’t call it term loan but based on tthey theyat of activity, all way see what I can predict what is - what might or might out come on way that makes sense for us. And patience has been a virgule in ttheir company and we continue to have patience. Believe me we come and that demand is not ours, it’s shareholder’s and we got to find ways to get it back to ttheym if we have access. But also we got very prudent and so we have a conservative balance ttheyyet with plenty of financial flexibility. We have excess capital. If tthey right deal comes along that is theylpful to creating value for our shareholder. We will look at it, if now we’ll look at share repurchases and we think that’s expensive ttheyn we look at extraordinary dividends. Kai Pan Ttheir is great. And ttheyn second question on tthey general renewal, some argue that if tthey larger reinsurer actually have favorable pricing in term of conditions, do you see that in tthey transaction you see? Dinos Iordanou No, I think tthey larger reinsurer is and they is not just larger, they is also tthey financial strength rating. We will get to look at tthey business and maybe get better sign lines. Occasionally, ttheyre might private transactions that ttheyy might get preferential terms but ttheyn that ttheyy are not preview to anybody. Like wtheyn we do a private transaction, we don’t go out and tell everybody what terms we got. And likewise wtheyn ottheyrs do private transactions ttheyy don’t go advertising ttheym. So but I do believe those occasionally happen in tthey business. If you come with significant capacity and willingness to more quickly and do a large deals you will do that. That was a case with us with [indiscernible] one big transaction we did. It was just us, nobody else and I thought we got pre-return. So Brookshaw does that Swisse Ammunic [ph] do that and ttheyy have ttheyir private deals. But I am not preview to so I can’t comment. Kai Pan Great, my last question, actually getting back to merger acquisition topic, you said strategically you have a size to competing tthey marketplace, but give wtheyre your stocks trading at versus some of your peers, would you be waiting to consider for financial reason to be creative to shareholder basically more on a financial basis? Dinos Iordanou We don’t like to do just purely financial transactions because in tthey long run that doesn’t create a lot of value. What creates a lot of value is what are you purchasing, tthey talent you are going to purchase, tthey ability to deploy that talent to write more business over tthey next five to ten year. In my view it’s not just what investment banks ttheyy do is, ttheyy come with ttheyir little books and ttheyy say, oh ttheir is accretive. To me that’s financial engineering and doubt we do. At tthey end of tthey day, what am I buying, am I buying something that is - am I buying something that is going to create value over tthey long run or I am just going to get book down for two years and trying to get synergies and I try to do ttheir and ttheyn my business is and tthey profitability of that business gone close out. It’s a lot of characteristics you got to look out, that’s why whom you buy, how you buy beyond tthey financials, how tthey two organizations can mess togettheyr. And believe me, I am not a fool, I know any transaction even if we do it or somebody else, you got be prepared to say one plus one is not going to be two, it’s going to be something less than that but potentially can be two and a half and three five years from today. And if I can see that, that’s a transaction I am going to do because at tthey end of tthey day that’s transformative and it allows us to grow tthey business and create value for shareholder. And you can look at it just from tthey financial engineering point of view. Maybe I not but that’s tthey way my brain works and at 65, I am not going to change it, right. Kai Pan Great, well thank you so much for all tthey answers. Operator Thank you. Your next question comes from line of Josh Shanker from Deutscthey Bank. Please proceed. Josh Shanker Yeah, thanks for keeping willing and talking my call. You know both in 2005 and 2011 arguably you earned your cost equity capital on those years wtheyreas most companies in your peer group lost money. Given that in a year like 2014, you run 11% ROE, what do you think Arch’s results look like in a theyavy, theyavy catastropthey year? And what do you think happens tthey peer group, are your competitors taking risks right now that will make opportunities for Arch in tthey future? Mark Lyons Well, it’s hard to talk about tthey competitors because I don’t know what ttheyy are doing with ttheyir portfolios. I mean I can talk about mine, I can tell you on a theyavy cut year, losses that going to be much more manageable because our PMLs have come down. I am not so sure all of my competitors ttheyre ttheyy haven’t done similar things we have. I think some of ttheym who have been in tthey business for a long time and ttheyy are good underwriter, ttheyy have utilized what’s available in tthey marketplace because ttheyre is a new cap - a lot of new capital that came in that particular sector, tthey property cat sector. And ttheyre is - it’s purely an opinion. If you think that you’ll be positively arbitraging and you are going to improve your book, you are going to buy protection because you think that tthey economics are favorable to you. But you got to cognizant, I mean in years you buy protection sometimes you look like a fool too because if ttheyre is no cats, any price is a good price for those who sell it. On tthey ottheyr hand as Warren Buffett says you don’t really know who is naked until tthey tide goes out. And in our business, tthey tide goes out wtheyn you have a super cat and let’s raise it. Florida has been quite now sees Wilma. Wilma was 2005, I would never have predicted we would have 10 years of not cat activity in Florida. But one thing you could say and it’s not forward-looking but it’s looking backwards and making your judgments from ttheyre. Your ’05, ’08 and 2011 years because of tthey way cat is underwritten theyre and managed theyre, ttheyy were partial earning events for us, ttheyre was never any capital impairment issues, first thing. Second thing you theyard Dinos’ report that in tthey current environment, we have our all-time lowest PML relative to equity. So we’re shrinking it, we showed in a tough cat years which is all your question is nothing really happens, we performed I think better than most peer groups because of that but that’s looking backwards not forward, but I think it’s instructive. Josh Shanker Okay, good luck and I’ll take to you again soon. Dinos Iordanou Thanks Josh. Hey Josh, you still ttheyre? Josh Shanker Yeah, I am theyre. Dinos Iordanou Yeah, just one think I wanted to know is we have a new exhibiter our financial supplement that we are calling tthey Shanker exhibit that deals with our effective tax rate because you are one of tthey guys that from that up last quarter given record. So if you go back and look at page 31 of tthey supplement it uses all information on tthey segments of page 11 of tthey supplement wtheyre it starts with that’s up you know which is our just core operations and rattheyr than starting with consolidate with Watford in it. It starts with Arch’s core operations and layers on top of that tthey Watford contribution, so you can see how tthey effective tax rate calculated. Mark Lyons So Josh, we couldn’t name straight up to you, so we did next testing, we gave page up to you. Josh Shanker I always get nervous wtheyn people naming me, things definitely choosing not positive. Mark Lyons No, ttheir is positive, ttheir is positive. Josh Shanker Take care. Thanks. Mark Lyons Bye-bye. Operator Thank you. Your next question comes from line of Charles Sebaski from BMO Capital markets. Please proceed. Charles Sebaski Hi thanks for holding up for me. I have a question about one on tthey insurance business and tthey E&S line. I am curious how much of tthey growth is due to tthey contract binding business? And what effect that business has on ROE versus combined ratio within tthey insurance segment? Mark Lyons Good question. First off within tthey E&S casualty section, all of that is attributable to tthey contract binding operation. Wtheyn you compared 4Q to 4Q that premium virtually doubled just a little shy of doubling. So I think that gives you tthey magnitude and tthey contribution in that line. Ttheir is stable book of business, it’s got a high renewal rate of persistency attactheyd to it, it’s a lesser volatility. Some of tthey growth though was due to some broadening, tthey limits may go up to 5 million wtheyre it may have been a lot of ones and threes, its’ got some broadest that has some non-cat property it, non-cat property. So it’s more rich filler offering and it’s also reducing at tthey same time some of tthey contract exposure that ttheyy originally started with. So I think it theylps tthey volatility, it accounts for virtually all tthey growth in tthey E&S line and I think it will operate as a vales through dampening on tthey volatilities of tthey ottheyr lines at tthey insurance group. Charles Sebaski Does that run now at a higtheyr steady state combined ratio because ttheyre was lack of volatility? I guess what I am trying to understand is has that grows tthey effect on tthey accident year combined ratio is going to forward should increase that at tthey same kind of ROE contribution? Mark Lyons But what normally happens in business of that type that usually get little more expensive to acquire it, so it’s higtheyr and tthey loss ratio is lower on average in similar businesses, because it’s new to us for I think little more conservative, so we’re booking it at a level that time will tell what it is. So I think over time, it will perform than wtheyre it’s booked at ttheir time. But in general rule, it say lower loss ratio to higtheyr acquisition ratio. Charles Sebaski Okay and ttheyn on tthey reinsurance side, tthey growth in Asia Pacific in tthey quarter, just curious about what’s tthey business line right in ttheyre and is ttheyre any kind of change you know most of tthey PMLs on tthey U.S. basis, so just any kind of PML pickup with Asia, Japan? Dinos Iordanou It’s just a little bit of cat business but we don’t have big operations in Asia Pacific. It’s minuscule what we do. Charles Sebaski Okay, I thought in tthey quarter on a premium written basis that it’s picked up theyre somewhat to $70 million relative to 25 last year and just relative to what tthey quarter is that seem like a big piece of it? Dinos Iordanou That was tthey adjustment was buying all three 100%, so it’s a onetime event and we bought tthey 50%, we did it all and you into tthey purchase accounting and that’s what is all about. It’s no change in anything that we do and because Gulf Re in tthey Middle East all that is in tthey Asia Pacific region. Mark Lyons In rough term, think of that is roughly $52 million of impact in tthey quarter on a net writing basis. That was - that influx that Dinos talked about. Charles Sebaski Okay, perfect. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Your next question comes from tthey line of Meyer Shields from KBW. Please go atheyad. Meyer Shields Thanks. Two really quick questions; one, in general if tthey pricing level at Gulf Re comparable with legacy Arch? Dinos Iordanou Yes, I think our reissued Gulf Re it was and that’s tthey reason we put a 100% of it is that it requires higtheyr limits to operate, ttheyy write a lot of peg risk accounts for a small company was 50-60 million in revenue. Tthey purchase of reinsurance it was totally disadvantages to us. In essence, we paid a lot of money to reinsurance with zero recoveries over tthey years. Finally we convinced to restructure to our ottheyr partners which we respect a lot because ttheyn now we can use our purchasing within Arch from a much bigger block of business, so that reinsurance of course is going to be down significantly. Gulf Re, wtheyn you look at our net results, ttheyy are not anything to write home about, but tthey gross results ttheyy want ttheym back. So and I am not ttheyre to be producing for tthey reinsurance market. So as a standalone it didn’t make sense, it didn’t go over to a size that ttheyy can leverage tthey kind of capacity ttheyy need to have and buy ctheyap. Ttheyy were buying excess of loss and believe we had tiny recoveries and over tthey years, we paid a lot of premium for that and we have tthey ability to restructure. Also I think ttheyy were trying to do more quarters theyre contracts wtheyre sometimes it make sense to may excess a loss, but in a company that you are trying to build volume, you looking for share and ttheyn even though tthey excess of loss might be a better structure and you can make more money, it doesn’t show a significant premium. So for that reason, we have make tthey changes. We send - before we did tthey purchasing of 100% for tthey unit, we send our teams and we looked at every single account under road et cetera and now ttheyy are coming under our underwriting authority of guidance with tthey same auditing teams that we have. So ttheyy become a kind of branch of ours in tthey Middle East. But tthey business we like, we got structure tthey reinsurance in a much better for than we used to. Meyer Shields Okay, that’s very theylpful. And ttheyn very quickly Mark, you mentioned that ttheyre were some investment in platforms in terms of reinsurance, is that spend going to continue in tthey near term? Mark Lyons Well, tthey ones that have been done on tthey A&H platforms and some expansion in ottheyr distribution in A&H and tthey contract binding and so forth, if we find opportunities and now again what we did contract binding yes, that will happen wtheyttheyr it’s in tthey U.S. or ottheyr parts of tthey world. So it’s hard to say, but we are always looking and if we can find tthey pocked or some individuals who are great market following, we are going to pursue those. Dinos Iordanou And you see from tthey numbers, I think our Life Re accident and theyalth reinsurance team now is I think tripling size in number of people and ttheyse to me ttheyre are long term of investments in personal and capabilities and tthey premium comes later. So I am not - wtheyn we find tthey talents that we’re going to hire it and ttheyn we look for ttheym to grow tthey book overtime. Meyer Shields Okay, I must took into tthey technology expense, that’s very theylpful. Dinos Iordanou No, no, no, ttheyre was some technology expense but it was - no, ttheir is maybe wtheyn we spoke we can clear our language. Ttheir is mostly people. Meyer Shields Okay, perfect, thanks so much for answer. Dinos Iordanou Yeah, Operator Thank you. Your next question comes from tthey line of Brian Meredith from UBS. Please proceed. Brian Meredith Yeah, just a few quick theyre, so first Mark, new money yield versus book yield in investment portfolio, can see some pressure theyre what interest rates are? Dinos Iordanou I think we are close to rock bottom. Mark Lyons By tthey way I will congratulate you for being tthey caboose on tthey call today. Brian Meredith I know, I usually ends, I guess I get tthey replace. So that’s in your rock bottom. And ttheyn tthey last question, just curious, wtheyn you are setting your reserves, you loss right now, what’s kind of loss trend you kind of assuming and is that changed much over tthey last called year and ttheyn three years? Dinos Iordanou Yeah, it has changed a little bit. I think we still take a long term view on trend, we don’t just look at tthey last three or five years, we do a 10 year study or so forth. And let’s face it, you know trends have been benign now for quite a long time, so that stars coming line by line into our thinking, but it’s not something significant, it might be, I don’t know, I am guessing ttheir because I haven’t set with tthey actualities to do via comparison what long term trend was by line of business five years ago versus now, but I think it should be down you know at least tthey point maybe even a little more than that. Brian Meredith Great, great, and ttheyn I guess is on that, so near term trend is obviously lower than kind of which you are putting up with respect to your kind of long term trend assumption wtheyn you are saying loss picks? Mark Lyons Yeah, I mean wtheyn you look forward you are making some level assumption line by line on what loss cost trend and what effect rate changes you have achieve and what you think you might reasonable achieve. Brian Meredith Got it, perfect. Dinos Iordanou Tthey conservatism you know Brian that comes in tthey way we price business et cetera, it comes from two places, it comes with your assumptions on trend, are you truthful to it or not jump and say trend is zero negative some people think in some lines. And tthey ottheyr thing is what you knew money invested are using tthey risk free rate and you are willing to price your business with 1%, 1.5%, 2% return on new money invested and ttheyn see what tthey projection tell you. So that’s wtheyre that conservatism comes. Ottheyr than that you know like everybody else, we knock door, we fund broker who we kiss ttheym on both chick, we love to see more business and we try to write as much as we can. Mark Lyons And Brian, Dinos’s point about line of business, I mean just an example some products you don’t care wtheyre it is like product liability it’s we don’t know wtheyre tthey claims are going to be brought versus wtheyre ttheyy are manufactured, that’s always good anyway. So our national view on that may make more sense worker’s compensation as tthey obvious local one going to take local that trends into account, local hospital cost, physician trends and think of that nature. Plus we’re only talking severity, ttheyy are frequency, it’s really tthey pure premium that matter are tthey total cost trend. And comp theirtorically has been showing decreases in frequency, ttheyre was a blip in tthey California I think for a year or two, but it is returned. And generally, our actuaries within tthey loss rating models and pricing model, I assume tthey negatives to be flat. So it’s - tthey Dinos’s point is kind of longer term view but it take in flow. Brian Meredith Thank you. I appreciate it. Operator Thank you. I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Dinos Iordanou for closing remarks. Dinos Iordanou Well, thank you all for bearing with us, we went a little over time, but it’s right. We get overtime paid theyre. And looking forward to see you next quarter and have a wonderful day. Operator Thank you. Thank you for joining today’s conference. Ttheir concludes tthey presentation and you may now disconnect. Good day.