Arch Capital Group Ltd. (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q2 2016 Earnings Conference Call July 28, 2016 11:00 AM ET Executives Constantine Iordanou - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Marc Grandisson - President and Chief Operating Officer Mark Lyons - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Analysts Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Quentin McMillan - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Josh Shanker - Deutscthey Bank Securities Amit Kumar - Macquarie Group Jay Cotheyn - BankAmerica Merrill Lynch Brian Meredith - UBS Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Arch Capital Group Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. Before tthey company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today’s press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey Federal Securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management’s current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review tthey periodic reports that are filed by tthey company with SEC from time-to-time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey company intends tthey forward-looking statements in tthey call to be subject to tthey Safe Harbor created ttheyreby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in tthey company’s current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey company’s earnings press release and is available on tthey company’s website. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mr. Dinos Iordanou. Sir, you may begin. Constantine Iordanou Thanks, Dylan. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our second quarter earnings call. We had a good quarter on a relative basis, and I might say it was very acceptable quarter also on an absolute basis. In today’s market, we are emphasizing to our troops underwriting discipline, execution, and risk management in order to preserve capital and maintain balance ttheyyet integrity. We continue to believe that our strategies of diversifying revenue streams and actively managing tthey allocation of capital will allow us to better navigate in ttheir environment, which is challenging for all of us. As reinsurance returns have narrowed and as you can see in our second quarter financial statements, we are fortunate to have our ottheyr business segments, tthey primary property casualty segment and tthey mortgage segment contribute more meaningfully to our operating results. Our reported combined ratio moved to a bit under 90% for tthey second quarter, as catastropthey losses are at 4.1 points to our combined ratio. Loss reserve development remained favorable in each of our segments, which in tthey aggregate have reduced our combined ratio by nearly 9 points. Ttheyre were no noticeable changes in tthey property casual operating environment from last quarter. Ttheyre are some signs that reinsurance terms, especially ceding commissions may have bottomed out. In our insurance segment, we saw a slight deterioration in rates across some sectors, particularly in tthey excess capacity layers and short tail areas. But grades were generally stable in most of tthey lines, while tthey mortgage insurance environment remains very theyalthy. Marc Grandisson will give you more details on tthey segments in a few minutes. On an operating basis, we produced an annualized return on equity of 9%, while on a net income basis, we earned an annualized return on equity of 13.2% for tthey quarter and a 7.9% on a trailing 12 month basis, which is a better measure to see a long-term profitability. Remember that net income movements can be more volatile on a quarterly basis as ttheyse earnings are influenced by changes in foreign exchange rates and realized gains and losses in our investment portfolio. Net investment income per share for tthey quarter was $0.57 per share, flat sequentially from tthey first quarter of 2016. Despite volatility in tthey investment and foreign exchange markets in tthey second quarter of 2016, on a local currency basis, total return on our investment portfolio was a positive 163 basis points. Once we include tthey effects of foreign exchange, total return was a 127 basis points in tthey quarter, in dollar terms. Our operating cash flow was $153 million in tthey second quarter as compared to $232 million in tthey second quarter of a year ago. Mark Lyons will discuss tthey cash flow and ottheyr financial details in a few minutes. Our book value per common share as of June 30, 2016 was $52.04 per share, a 4.4% increase from tthey first quarter of 2016. While some segments of our business have become more competitive, we believe that group-wide and on an expected basis, tthey present value ROE on tthey business written in tthey 2016 underwriting year should continue to produce ROEs in tthey range of 10% to 12% on allocated capital. Before I turn tthey call over to Marc Grandisson, I would like to discuss our P&Ls, which is essentially unchanged from April 1. As usual, I’d like to point out to you that our cat P&Ls aggregates reflect business bound through July 1, while tthey premium numbers included in our financial statement are through June 30, and that tthey P&Ls reflect a net of all reinsurance and retrocessions. As of July 1, 2016, our largest 250-year P&L for a single event remains in tthey norttheyast at $495 million, or about 8% of common shareholders equity. Our Gulf of Mexico P&L at $434 million and our Florida Broward County P&L increased very slightly to $392 million. I kept my promise to be brief, and I will now turn it over to Marc Grandisson to comment on market conditions before Mark Lyons discusses our financial results. Marc? Marc Grandisson Thank you Dinos. Good morning to all. Tthey insurance industry returned to an average net hole of cash losses in tthey second quarter with insured claims estimated in a $13 billion to $15 billion range worldwide. As you know, Arch underwrites globally and we will pay a portion of ttheyse losses. However, previous underwriting actions taken in both our insurance and reinsurance segments theylp minimize Arch’s exposure to ttheyse events. You may have theyard us discuss cycle management in previous calls, but I feel its worth repeating today that our appetite for assuming risk is directly related to our ability to earn an appropriate margin. In our view, it’s not prudent to grow lines of business, wtheyre tthey expected margins are not adequate relative to tthey risk assumed. Tthey reinsurance industry continues to face dual theyadwinds from low investment returns available in tthey market and underwriting margin compression as rates failed to keep up with loss trends in many lines of business. Our focus remains on deploying capital judiciously and carefully in tthey B and C space, but we are continuing to redeploy aggressively in our mortgage or MI segments, wtheyre returns are very attractive and above our long term goals. We remain bullish on ttheir sector and believe that returns will remain above our hurdle rates for tthey next several years. Within tthey U.S. mortgage MI sector, we estimate that our market share of tthey primary new insurance written or NIW in tthey U.S. was in a 9% to 10% range in tthey second quarter, up from 6.4% in Q1, as Arch MI continues to gain traction in tthey bank channel. Tthey acceptance of RateStar, our risk-based pricing module, is a primary driver of ttheir growth, and we believe it will allow us to earn better risk-adjusted returns. In addition, we continued our market leadership in underwriting new US GSE risk-sharing transactions and continued to see good volume from our Australian primary insurance relationships. Our US MI operation increased its NIW to $6.4 billion during tthey second quarter of 2016, of which approximately 76% came through tthey bank channel. Over 80% of our bank channel borrower paid MI commitments by tthey end of tthey second quarter were obtained through RateStar. Our current return on expectations across our MI segment is in excess of our long-term ROE target of 15%. Let me turn now to our primary P&C insurance operation in tthey United States. Overall, we saw rate changes of negative 180 basis points ttheir quarter versus a positive 20 basis points last quarter. We believe that we have mitigated some of that rate of erosion after consideration of our ceded reinsurance coverage. Most of our controlled or low volatility segments had great changes at zero to positive territory, while our cycle managed segments experienced single to double digit rate decreases. As I noted – as we noted, frequently our cycle managed segments are more theyavily reinsured. Our UK operation is still pressured from a rate level perspective with an overall rate decrease across all our product lines of 4.6% ttheir quarter. Our cycle management culture is a key factor in our strategy, and we are reacting accordingly to market conditions. Our net written premium was essentially flat, but we continued to realign tthey portfolio to work tthey more attractive opportunities in tthey UK. Globally, our insurance group continues to adjust its mix of business on a gross basis and also on a net basis, as we are able to buy reinsurance on favorable terms. Ceded premiums increased 5% in our insurance group ttheir quarter over tthey same period last year. Areas of opportunity for growth in tthey insurance sector in tthey second quarter are in our construction national accounts, travel and alternative market lines. Tthey vast majority of our growth came as a result of our ability to take advantage of tthey current dislocation in areas, wtheyre major players are challenged. In contrast, our executive assurance excess property and program businesses are areas wtheyre rate levels lead us to a more defensive strategy. Turning to our reinsurance group, which continues its strong performance, our teams are increasingly more selective, given conditions in ttheyir markets. Underwriting year returns in many of tthey traditional reinsurance lines are in tthey low single digits and some are even negative on an expected basis. Adjusting for one large loss portfolio transfer and tthey impact of tthey Gulf re-acquisition last year, our reinsurance net premium written declined by 2% for tthey second quarter of 2016 versus 2015. And with that, I will hand it over to Mark to cover tthey detailed financial results. Mark Lyons Thank you Marc, and good morning, all. As – getting into tthey financial information, I guess, I will be tthey most verbose out of tthey three of us. So as was true on my previous calls, tthey comments that follow are on a pure Arch basis, which excludes tthey Ottheyr segment that being Watford Re, unless ottheyrwise noted. I will continue to use tthey term core to denote results without Watford Re and tthey term consolidated wtheyn discussing results, including Watford Re. However, due to an all industries clarification issued recently by tthey SEC regarding non-GAAP measures, our earnings release now emphasizes GAAP measures as some previous tables and commentary that used to be in tthey earnings release have been shifted into tthey financial supplement. So please read ttheym togettheyr. Various examples are, on page 7 of tthey earnings release we now show tthey reconciliation from net income to after-tax operating income, wtheyre previously it was reversed. Tthey point being is that, you start with tthey GAAP measure and not tthey non-GAAP measure. We also on page 1 of tthey earnings release now present consolidated underwriting results that includes Watford Re rattheyr than tthey core underwriting results that previously had excluded it. Lastly, tthey sctheydule showing prior period development and cat losses by segment, along with tthey sctheydule displaying tthey components of net investment income and investment total return are now on pages 21 and 23 of tthey financial supplement, respectively. So hopefully that provides a little bit of a roadmap. Okay, with that said, tthey core combined ratio for ttheir quarter was 89.9% with 4.1 points of current year cat-related events, which are net of reinsurance or reinstatement premiums, compared to tthey 2015 second quarter combined ratio of 87.9%, which reflected only 1.9 points of cat-related events. Losses recorded in tthey second quarter from 2016 catastrophic events that of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums totaled $36.3 million versus $15.9 in tthey corresponding quarter last year, primarily emanating from US-Texas hailstorms and floods, Fort McMurray, Canada wildfires and earthquake events in Japan and Ecuador. Ttheir was a quarter that experienced a high frequency of cat events, yet tthey largest of ttheyse had less than an $8 million net impact to Arch. Ttheir result evidences our continued emphasis on proper line setting and tthey overall focus towards reducing our cat P&L exposure, given that in our view, current pricing does not adequately compensated for tthey exposure assumed in many cases. Tthey 2016 second quarter core combined ratio reflected 8.9 points of prior-year net favorable development, net of reinsurance related acquisition expenses compared to tthey nearly identical 9.2 points of prior period development on tthey same basis in tthey second quarter of last year. Ttheir results in a core accident – a quarter combined ratio, excluding cats for tthey capital second quarter of 94.7% compared to 95.2% in tthey corresponding quarter last year. Ttheir quarter tthey reinsurance segment had two unique transactions that impacted tthey financial statement in different ways, both related to loss portfolio transfers. Tthey first reflects tthey commutation of a pre-existing contract that resulted in recognizing $19.1 million of ottheyr underwriting income. However, ttheir contract had been accreting approximately $1.5 million of gain a quarter. So tthey incremental impact is approximately $17.5 million for tthey quarter. Ttheir contract had been receiving deposit accounting treatment since inception since it did not pass risk transfer under GAAP. Since ttheir gain shows up in ottheyr underwriting income, it is outside of tthey combined ratio. Tthey second transaction involves a newly bound loss portfolio transfer with a long-term client, wtheyre we had familiarity with tthey underlying exposures Ttheir contract has sufficient risk transfer under GAAP and ttheyrefore received insurance accounting treatment. As a result, we booked ttheir contract at approximately a 100% combined ratio and its impact has felt directly in tthey combined ratio. Furttheyrmore, it covers tthey cedents net after all reinsurances ttheyreby making ttheir a frequency contract. That said, tthey reported calendar quarter of reinsurance segment combined ratio of 82.1% would actually be 79.4% without tthey impact of ttheir new loss portfolio transfer. In addition, it results in a 7.7 point increase in tthey calendar quarter loss ratio with a five-point benefit to tthey expense ratio. Ttheyrefore totaling a 2.7 point worsening of tthey calendar quarter combined ratio over what it would have ottheyrwise been. Now, getting back to our results for tthey quarter, tthey reinsurance segment 2016 accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cat was 98.4%, compared to 94% even in tthey 2015 second quarter. Ttheir quarter’s combined ratio reflected tthey impact of tthey loss portfolio transfer we just discussed, that contributed approximately $40 million of net written and net earned premiums, as well as tthey impact of a large marine attritional loss that had no equivalent in tthey second quarter of last year. Without tthey impact of ttheyse items, tthey accident quarter loss ratio was nearly flat over last year’s quarter. In tthey insurance segment, tthey 2016 accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cat was 96.3%, compared to an accident quarter combined ratio of 97.6% a year ago. Ttheir 130 basis point decrease was driven by a 100 bps in tthey loss ratio and 30 bps in tthey expense ratio with tthey loss ratio decrease reflecting a lack of tthey large attritional losses that we experienced during tthey second quarter of 2015. Wtheyn one adjusts for ttheir, tthey non-cat non-large attritional loss ratio was essentially flat quarter-over-quarter. Tthey mortgage segment 2016 accident quarter combined ratio was 66.1% compared to 77.4% in tthey second quarter of last year. Ttheir decrease is predominantly driven by tthey continued expense ratio improvement in our U.S. primary MI book, due mostly to growth, along with beneficial mix changes towards DSE transactions receiving insurance accounting treatment in lieu of derivative accounting treatment. Regarding prior periods’ reserve development, tthey insurance segment accounted for roughly 6% of tthey total net favorable development in tthey quarter, and ttheir was primarily driven by shorter tailed lines from tthey 2012 through 2014 accident years. With some contributions from longer tailed lines spread primarily across accident years 2003 through 2012 and partially offset by a large energy in casualty claim in tthey 2015 accident year after our Bermuda insurance operation. Tthey reinsurance segment accounted for approximately 81% of tthey total net favorable development in tthey quarter, with approximately 70% of that due to net favorable development on short tailed lines concentrated in tthey more recent underwriting years and tthey balance due to net favorable development on longer tailed lines primarily from tthey 2002 through 2013 underwriting years. Tthey mortgage segment contributed tthey balance of 13% of tthey total net favorable development in tthey quarter, which translated to a near 17 point beneficial impact to tthey mortgage segment loss ratio, primarily resulting from continued lower than expected claim rates from our U.S. primary mortgage insurance operation and from tthey quota share treaty covering tthey 2009 through 2011 book years as part of ttheyir original PMI and CMG purchase transaction. As discussed in previous quarters, almost all of ttheir favorable development benefit is offset by tthey contingent consideration earn-out mechanism negotiated within tthey purchase agreement. Ttheir contingent consideration impact, however, is reflected in realized gains and losses and not within underwriting income. Ttheir quarter, tthey nominal payout cap within tthey contingent consideration mechanism was reactheyd, which is 150% of tthey transaction closing book value. Effects will still be felt in future quarters, though, as we continue to accrete to tthey contractual payment date and tthey discount rate employed to account for increased certainty decreases over time. Tthey overall core expense ratio improved by 180 basis points, but ttheir was affected by tthey loss portfolio transfer referenced earlier. Controlling for ttheir transaction, tthey core expense ratio improved by 20 basis points, driven by tthey continued improvement in tthey mortgage segment, expense ratio, and continued marginal improvement in tthey insurance segment expense ratio. On a written basis, ceding commissions achieved within tthey insurance segment quota share cessions improved 210 basis points over tthey second quarter of 2015. As stated last quarter, tthey growth in alternative markets business reduces ttheir benefit somewhat due to tthey associated capital cessions. Core cash flow from operations was $153 million, as Dinos mentioned in tthey quarter versus $231 million in tthey second quarter of 2015. Ttheir reduction was caused primarily by higtheyr losses paid, net of recoveries, and tthey timing of outflows associated with ceding more premiums ttheir quarter versus a year ago. Core interest expense for tthey quarter was $12.4 million compared to $12.6 million in tthey first quarter and $4 million in tthey prior year’s quarter. Tthey prior year quarter amount included a favorable adjustments for a deposit accounting transaction, which resulted in an $8.4 million reduction in interest expense in that quarter. As mentioned earlier, ttheir deposit contract was commuted during tthey quarter. Our effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income available to our shareholders for tthey second quarter of 2016 was an expense of 5.9% compared to an expense of 3.9% in tthey second quarter of last year. Ttheir quarter’s 5.9% effective tax rate includes approximately 20 basis points, or $250,000 related to a true-up of tthey prior year’s tax provision to tthey estimated annual effective rate as of June 30. As always, fluctuations in tthey effective tax rate can result from variability in tthey relative mix of income or loss reported by jurisdiction. Our total capital was $7.6 billion at tthey end of ttheir quarter, up 4% relative to March 30 – March 31. Our debt to capital ratio ttheir quarter remains low at 11.7% and debt plus high represent only 16% of our total capital, which continues to give us ongoing financial flexibility. We continue to estimate having capital in excess of our targeted position. We did not purchase any shares in ttheir quarter under our authorized share buyback program and a remaining authorization is approximately $446 million as of June 30. With ttheyse introductory comments, we are now pleased to take your questions. Constantine Iordanou Dylan, we’re ready for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you ladies and gentlemen. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Kai Pan Good morning and thank you. Constantine Iordanou Hi, Kai. Kai Pan Hi. Ttheyse two loss portfolio transfer – transactions, can you give me more details about it for tthey one you commuted, what was tthey reason for that, and for tthey one you just booked? And so, how do – what attracted to you and deduce tthey ottheyr opportunities – similar opportunities? Constantine Iordanou Well, tthey first one we commuted, we always try to keep very good relationships with our clients. It was a client request, ttheyy wanted. And we felt tthey terms of commutation were attractive to us so we accepted it. Tthey second is, in tthey normal course of business, we always look for transactions and ttheir was a transaction presented to us. We liked economics, so we did it. Mark, you want to add to it? Marc Grandisson I would add on tthey second one, it was really as a result of being intimately very familiar with tthey book of business. It’s a client that we have known for many years and years under which tthey LPT is – tthey year it’s covering, we actually had underwriting risk alongside with that party as well. That came as a result of a, again, a request by tthey client to seek and improve ttheyir capital ratios, and that’s really a – ttheir is why it’s driven – that’s why it’s driven by. Constantine Iordanou Yes, it’s a capital relief situation theyre. Kai Pan Do you see more similar opportunities? Constantine Iordanou Yes, we see activity in that sector as a matter of fact. But – we don’t make predictions as to, are we going to do any or not, because I haven’t tthey faintest idea if ttheyy are going to happen. Tthey instruction to our guys is, you look at ttheym, you like tthey economics, we do ttheym, we got tthey capital. If you don’t like tthey economics we pass. Marc Grandisson Yes, and Kai, it’s always tough – it’s a long runway on those. Hit ratios are low, but we continue to see ttheym and entertain ttheym. Kai Pan Okay, that’s good. On tthey MI side, tthey Australian reinsurance transaction, is that considered like a one-off, or is it a continual relationship, in fact, could recur? Marc Grandisson Ttheir is an actual ongoing relationship. It’s a quota share of a primary insurance book of business. Constantine Iordanou And it will continue until it gets cancelled. Kai Pan Okay. Marc Grandisson And it will continue until we gets cancelled. Constantine Iordanou Until we both cancel – both parties agreed to, kai. Kai Pan Okay. Are ttheyre additional like growth opportunity with that client? Constantine Iordanou At ttheir point we don’t perceive it. We have a very significant portion of ttheyir portfolio and we are sort of happy and very comfortable with that position. Kai Pan Okay. Lastly, is on tthey – your REIT commentary in tthey insurance sector. It seems like it’s down like decelerates interim pricing decline. Could you give a little more color on tthey pricing dynamics ttheyre? And in ttheir environment, how do you sort of manage your portfolio? It looks like your like core combined ratio actually improved in tthey insurance segment that you said mostly due to mix change? Will that be enough to keep tthey margin? Constantine Iordanou Well, it’s a complicated question. Let me give you tthey strata. We don’t give you tthey granular performance on each one of tthey sectors for obvious reasons. You listen, but so are competitors, et cetera, so we are not going to tell ttheym everything that we do. But it’s true in our comments that tthey aggregate rate reduction across tthey entire renewal group was about 1.8%, that’s a 180 bps. And ttheyn, you factor in some loss claims trends. I mean, that’s not a good market to operate. Having said that, we have sectors that were very defensive, because that’s wtheyre we are seeing tthey significant rate of reductions. I mentioned in my remarks property lines, excess both in our P&L, professional and liability lines with tthey capacity players and at tthey end, ttheyre’s no- it’s fewer supply and demand. Ttheyre is no differentiation in tthey product, et cetera, and it’s under pricing pressure. We try to manage those down. And we try to put more emphasis on a small to medium size business that we have more control on tthey rating and also tthey quality of tthey risk, et cetera. Now, I’m going to turn it over to Mark Grandisson, because they runs tthey insurance group now. He runs all of our operations. And they is more granular in growth with ttheyse decisions as they does tthey reviews with tthey profit terms, et cetera, to give you a little more flavor. Marc Grandisson Yes, tthey flavor of actually given in tthey remarks. I did mention specifically tthey controlled and low volatility business, which is a small to medium size, wtheyre we have more intimacy and more influence over what’s happening in tthey firm in pricing. We are getting flat to single-digit rate increases in many instances. Tthey ones that are more cycle managed, more open market, a lot more competitive, a lot more commoditized, ttheir one had tthey single-digit 5% to 7% rate decrease. So – and as I mentioned also in my comments, tthey cycle managed one is tthey one wtheyre we get a little bit more willing and working harder to buy reinsurance to actually mitigate those rate decreases. Mark Lyons And I would just add on top, because Marc nailed it is tthey additional layer that we talked about tthey ceding commissions. So on tthey commoditized product lines, you manage your mix through increased reinsurance, and ttheir is tthey environment you are getting – continuing those overrides that drops tthey bottom line and really theylp protect net income. Kai Pan Ttheir is great. Okay. Thank you so much, guys. Constantine Iordanou Thank you. Mark Lyons Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Gelb with Barclays. Your line is open. Jay Gelb We’ve theyard some ottheyr reinsurers and perhaps even some of tthey brokers say that ttheyy view tthey reinsurance market as bottoming? Would you agree with that? Constantine Iordanou In general I do. Marc, do you want to add? Marc Grandisson Yes, my comments on ttheir is – I will be careful, because we don’t know again tthey future. Ttheyre are certainly signs that reinsurance markets are pushing back on markets like property cap for instance. Ttheyre is some layer that had to be repriced in tthey second quarter, because ttheyre was some – too much aggressiveness in trying to get tthey price down. So ttheyre is some pushback, it’s still going down, but not to tthey same level. In addition we have – we also have pushbacks from tthey market on getting increased ceding commissions. We are successful in getting a couple of points which Mark and Dinos mentioned before. But ttheir is layering around 1% to 2% increase, but ttheyre is a lot of push to get more than that, so ttheyre’s still a lot of pushback from market at ttheir point in time. What I tell our troops is, again, we are going to react to whatever we see in tthey marketplace. It could be a bottom. It could be a plateau before more damage is being done. It’s really too early to tell. Constantine Iordanou Yes, but you see shortfalls, that’s an indication that ttheyre is a pushback. If you can’t fill tthey placement and you have to go back with filling a shortfall. So ttheyre is signs that we are hitting tthey bottom. Listen, wtheyre interest rates are, wtheyre investment income is, you better make it on tthey underwriting. And if you are not making it in on tthey underwriting, you better pack it in and go and open a Greek diner, you make more money doing that. Jay Gelb Okay. Tthey next topic I want to touch on is tthey mortgage insurance business. And based on our model looks like tthey underwriting profits from that could double ttheir year compared to 2015, driven by tthey strong top line growth and improving margins? How big of a business can you envision ttheir being over time? Constantine Iordanou First, you’ve two questions. One is you are projecting earnings. I don’t think your comment is actually totally correct. You have to understand that in our MI book, we have US MI, we have tthey Australian MI, which is more steady. We have GSEs, which is more steady. And ttheyn we have some early transactions. We had a couple of reinsurance transactions that did declining, because ttheyy are maturing. Ttheyy are vintage 2012 and tthey duration is six or seven years, so towards tthey end of those. So I would say, yes, tthey contribution of earnings is going to grow, but it’s not going to be exponential tthey way that you put it. Having said that, tthey second part of your question is, do we like tthey sector? And, yes we do, and we are willing to contribute more of our capital, but we don’t want it to be totally tthey dominant exposure that we have. In tthey way we think about it, we want to have a balance over time between reinsurance, insurance, and mortgage. Having said that, in different parts of cycles, depending on which segment is tthey most attractive, tthey earnings may be coming theyavier in one area and lighter in anottheyr area. But that’s tthey beauty of allowing us to navigate and allocate capital into our three businesses. At tthey end of tthey day, we will not be a 100% mortgage company. We won’t be a 100% reinsurance company, and we won’t be a 100% P&C company. But tthey market will determine, which sector is a little bigger or a little smaller for us, because at tthey end, we are only chasing margins. And if you are chasing earnings, you’ve to go wtheyre tthey earnings are. Jay Gelb Of course. On a mortgage insurance front, do you envision it being organic growth that drives ttheir going forward, or is our attention in acquisitions in that space? Constantine Iordanou We are interested in everything. I mean, if we like a sector – but our theirtory has been, let’s make sure that we have tthey right strategies that we can always grow organically and depend on that, because acquisitions, sometimes ttheyy happen, sometimes ttheyy don’t. And at tthey end of tthey day you don’t have – we don’t have a strategy that’s focusing on acquisitions for growth. Our strategy is focusing on, let’s see, if we can build it organically. But we are not excluding anything that – it might be thrown our way and is attractive to us. Marc, do you agree? Marc Grandisson I do, yes. Jay Gelb Thank you. Constantine Iordanou Okay. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Michael Nannizzi Thank you so much. One question Mark, just on tthey reinsurance business or tthey LPT specifically is, it seems like all of that was earned in tthey second quarter? Should we assume that ttheyre really isn’t a durable impact for tthey remainder of tthey year eittheyr in terms of top line or losses? And ttheyn secondly, should we assume that it renews again in tthey second quarter next year and we should see that lift in premiums again wtheyn that happens? Thanks. Mark Lyons Good question. To both of those, I used to view ttheym as unique special events. Not recurrent and really not earnings that was fully – virtually fully earned right away. So, consider it a quarterly outlier. Michael Nannizzi Okay, so no –not expected to recur again? Constantine Iordanou Ttheyre is no underwriting gain or loss. We booked it out at 100 combined. Michael Nannizzi Yes. Constantine Iordanou And at tthey end of tthey – that’s more an incremental on tthey flow, that is going to – it’s going to be ttheyre. But ttheyre’s – for all intensive purpose and for your model, ignore both of ttheym. Michael Nannizzi Yes. Mark Lyons I mean, Michael, is it possible that a year from today we reevaluate tthey ultimate as favorable or what have you? Sure. Don’t think of it as a quarter by quarter impact. Michael Nannizzi Got it. Okay, great. Thanks. And ttheyn it looks like Watford premiums were down year-over-year? I was just curious, because it looked like cessions in tthey segments were up? So does that just mean that you’re ceding business to non-Watford entities or how should we think about that? Mark Lyons Well, I think, you’ve got – Marc already talked about it. If you’re looking at overall cessions, you have tthey insurance group continuing to cede a little bit more. Michael Nannizzi Yes. Mark Lyons I think in totality, it was roughly tthey same nested gross at an ACGL level. But tthey mixture between – you still got reinsurance guys are doing some retrocessions, but I think it’s mostly leveraging reinsurance in tthey – from tthey insurance sector side. Marc Grandisson Ttheyre’s not much change in tthey buying as well as on tthey reinsurance side as well, it’s very consistent. Michael Nannizzi Got it, okay. Just tthey net, like tthey dollar amount of cessions in tthey businesses was higtheyr wtheyreas tthey net premiums in your Ottheyr segment, which I assume is all Watford were down? So I was just curious if your strategy in terms of how much business you are placing with Watford was changing, or ttheyre’s some ottheyr distortion in ttheyre? Constantine Iordanou Let me take you back and ttheyn I will turn it over to Marc. At tthey end of tthey day, independently we are shipping premium out to third-party reinsurance or to Watford, it’s got to make economic sense. So we are not going to – if I can get it ctheyaper in tthey open market, I’m not going to give it to Watford just to maintain volume. I’m going to go and buy it from wtheyre is tthey most attractive place for me. Having said that, I don’t think we have changed anything strategically as to what we would do with what. Our responsibility with Watford is to be tthey underwriting managers and underwrite business that at tthey end of tthey day it’s going to give ttheym flow as close to zero as possible. And wtheyn we find those opportunities, we do it and we will give it to ttheym. And even tthey business produces returns that are acceptable to us, we won’t see it. We will keep it at Arch. So our philosophy and strategy has not changed. Michael Nannizzi Okay. Got it. Thank you. And just lastly, just back to mortgage for just a second, written premiums, both gross and net have increased nicely, guessing a lot of that is tthey GSE business, I mean, all of tthey business, but GSE seems to be growing more – earned premium has lagged that growth. So I’m just, I guess, I’m just try to figure out, how – yep. Marc Grandisson I can answer some of that. Constantine Iordanou Go atheyad, Marc. Marc Grandisson Tthey premium written – a lot of that – half of tthey growth actually comes from Australia and it’s a result of being tthey product single – legal premium upfront. You get all of tthey premium upfront and tthey earning pattern is extremely – it drags along. And also in tthey written premium for tthey rest of tthey units, ttheyre will be a lag in earnings, because we have to write tthey business and it takes a long time to write. And we have some singles as well on tthey Arch US MI. We did write some singles ttheyre. Not as much as tthey ottheyr guys in tthey world, but we did some. So ttheyre is definitely going to be a lag between tthey written by virtue of being single upfront, mostly from tthey Australian business. Constantine Iordanou Tthey way that I think about is that, first, tthey mortgage business has a six or seven years earning pattern, right. Tthey Australian market, a lot of it is single upfront, but it was still earned over six to seven years. So you have a lag in tthey earnings and lag on tthey income that is going to come over time. In tthey U.S., you see our numbers. We do about 20% to singles, 80% is tthey month. In tthey month that is booked and earned on a month by month. Tthey singles that are written up front but ttheyy’re earned over six or seven years. So, as long as you monitor those two, it will give you a good ability to put both tthey earnings stream as it is going to come in and also tthey net income stream that is delayed. That’s why some people try – like to talk about embedded value in tthey mortgage sector, which is some of you might have models predicting what’s going to happen in tthey future. Mark Lyons And, Michael, just – I think you’re probably going to go back and you are thinking about how you’re going to protect ttheir stuff on a go forward basis. I just want to clarify both Marc and Dinos talked about Australia being a singles market. I just wanted to make sure that you realize that tthey contract itself is not a big bullet single. It’s a contract over a whole set of singles that ttheyy accept one day after tthey ottheyr – after tthey ottheyr I think. So it is a book of business that has singles and something throughout tthey turn, not a big bullet single upfront. Marc Grandisson We’re getting it every month. Mark Lyons It’s not a bulk transaction. Michael Nannizzi Yes. Marc Grandisson But we’re not getting a little components month-by-month over seven years. We get it all up front. Michael Nannizzi Right, I got it. It’s not bulk. Marc Grandisson So it is going to be one in one year – tthey premium is going to be booked in that particular year, but it is going to be booked month-by-month. Michael Nannizzi Yes, I understood. Its flow business and not both business, it just happens to be sold. Marc Grandisson Yes. Michael Nannizzi Okay, got it. Great, thanks so much. Marc Grandisson You’re welcome. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Clinton McMillan with KBW. Your line is open. Quentin McMillan Hi, good morning guys. Thanks very much. Mark, you had a lot of information in ttheyre. Thanks for walking us through everything with a little bit of a more complicated quarter with a couple of those one-off things. But one thing that I wanted to understand just a little better is you mentioned tthey reserve development in tthey mortgage that had an offset in tthey contingent consideration reaching tthey nominal pay out cap? Can you explain that a little bit better for us sort of how tthey reserving works ttheyre and why you had ttheir big – relatively bigger $11 million reserve development and it sounds like it’s an offset somewtheyre else in tthey balance ttheyyet of it is not really a gain? Is that tthey right way to think about it? Mark Lyons Think of that more as an offset in tthey income statement. You got prior period development, in rough numbers is $10 million or $11 million, I think in totality. So it was $10 million or $11 million on a realized loss, is how it goes through – and ttheyn you’ve got tthey standard prior period development. So it has to be coming from tthey same sources, kind of like a profit commission sometimes does, with a loss ratio increase that might decrease tthey profit commission. Similarly theyre, you got tthey subject years of what we purchased. So it was continually lower delinquency rates and claim rates associated with those that dictates and indicates tthey reduction, because on tthey CMG transaction, we bought – with a provision, ttheyre was a stock purchase. So we initially paid 80% of book with an earn-out mechanism. And depending upon tthey actual performance, which is exactly what ttheir is indicative of, we could pay out more up to 150% of tthey closing book value. We hit that nominally in our present value, but nominally ttheir quarter, but it is directly related. So I’d say, it continues to have good performance as mostly shown through improved loss reserve development. You get an increase in tthey contingent consideration. Constantine Iordanou And from now, on anything that is positive, it continue, it sticks to our ribs. Ttheyy have eight ottheyr that is done, yes. Quentin McMillan Okay, that’s great. It’s very clear and really theylpful. Thanks very much. Secondly, on tthey MI side as well, you mentioned 80% of tthey 75% of tthey bank channel – I’m sorry 76% of tthey bank channel came through RateStar? Obviously that’s having great success for you guys? Can you just talk to us about what you’re seeing tthey competitors now do in response to RateStar or maybe sort of what you expect tthey competitive environment to look like because of that? Constantine Iordanou Well, I don’t know what ttheyy’re going to do. And as far as we’re concerned at tthey end of tthey day, RateStar is tthey proper way in our view to price mortgages. Ttheyre’s no different in tthey auto sector wtheyn you introduce many different variables to price risk appropriately and that’s what we’ve been doing. We’re pretty happy with not only tthey performance from a production point of view, but also wtheyn we go and back test what RateStar gives us versus rate card. So we still have tthey rate card. Our clients some 20% of our business and 50% of our business in tthey credit union channel is coming through tthey rate card. But we test both and what we like a lot about tthey RateStar is that first and foremost, tthey auto – variability around tthey mean is very narrow, and we like that. It gives you stability and more predictable earnings wtheyre tthey rate card has a much bigger variability. And now how competitors – ttheyy’re going to respond? I don’t know. I think tthey best way for ttheym to respond is just – and I don’t want to give my competitors advice is go to a rate space pricing tool and make sure that ttheyy are pricing risk appropriately. I mean that’s – that’s tthey proper response. If ttheyy try to just cut rates on tthey rate card and all that is like somebody in tthey quicksand and ttheyy keep moving ttheyir feet. Marc Grandisson Tthey one thing I will add to ttheir is tthey ottheyr one that’s a big competitor of ours is tthey FHA as you guys know, so that one is a government agency. That’s also even a harder for us to even figure what ttheyy’re going to do with tthey prices. I just want to make sure that I put it out ttheyre. Quentin McMillan So tthey government is tricky to figure out. That’s unusual. Marc Grandisson Exactly. Quentin McMillan And if I could sneak just one more in – I’m sorry tthey valuation of a stock obviously is a high-quality problem to have. It has been up ttheyre and above what your three year return threshold would be for buybacks and I’m kind of assuming that’s why buybacks were limited in tthey quarter? Just assuming that we stay in ttheir sort of theyightened evaluation for tthey stock in tthey near-term over tthey long-term, how do you guys sort of expect to deploy capital or what might you do? Constantine Iordanou Well, I think you’re reaching a conclusion that it might be right or it might not be. It wasn’t as much tthey valuation of our stock, but it was more wtheyre we see opportunities in tthey marketplace and let’s face it. We’ve seen most of tthey opportunities in tthey MI space. So basically, we kept tthey powder dry for tthey reason that we can deploy more capital in tthey MI space and that was tthey main reason behind it. Mark Lyons And as Dinos alluded throughout tthey – it is tthey combination of things. We never have a bright line as you know on that. It’s more of guidance. And for most of tthey quarter, we traded, I’d say, little south of 1.4 to book value. So it’s kind of a little clear than that given tthey combination of things. Quentin McMillan Okay, perfect. Thanks very much guys. Constantine Iordanou Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Deutscthey Bank. Your line is open. Josh Shanker Thank you very much everyone. I want to look at tthey favorable development in tthey mortgage insurance segment? And understand I mean I realize that ttheir is very low loss content business, but only in a short period of time, it almost took all losses out for tthey quarter? I mean what’s going on ttheyre? Is that one-time in nature? Is tthey business so good that it’s not showing any losses? Mark Lyons Josh, it’s been a continual march downward on tthey delinquency rates. And tthey associated claim rates as that come out of that. But remember ttheir is really 2011 and prior. So ttheyre is vintage seasoning associated with ttheir. So it’s not like tthey PC and it is really – you have to think of it as more of a report year view of tthey triangle. Constantine Iordanou Ttheir is CMG mostly, which is tthey credit union business. And we bought that company and we bought tthey reserves and we brought all of tthey assets and tthey liabilities that come along with it. We had that pricing mechanism, tthey adjustment that we talked about. And – but at tthey end of tthey day, you’ve got to watch tthey performance and performance was better than we even expected ourselves. Ottheyrwise in tthey dumbest guy on two legs because what I negotiated didn’t work for me. It worked for ttheym, because I’m paying a lot more for that company than if I would have taken 100% at book value at that time. In retrospect, if I knew what I know today, I would have negotiated better. Mark Lyons You cannot see us nodding theyre, Josh. Josh Shanker So if I look at tthey mortgage loss reserve, what percentage of it in broad terms is legacy business versus Arch MI business? Mark Lyons I don’t have that at my fingertips, but I would say, substantially. Constantine Iordanou Yes. Mark Lyons Tthey vast majority is old stuff. Josh Shanker Okay. So tthey fact that tthey enough favorable development to negate your current accident year losses, so if we comparing apples-and-oranges, you have a huge back reserve and a small new go reserve? Constantine Iordanou That’s correct. Marc Grandisson That’s right. Mark Lyons And remember Josh, we kind of alluded to it, I think of tthey prepared remarks that part of tthey original transaction was a quarter share on 2009 through 2011, I’ll call it back book. And so that is also experiencing some of tthey same aspects, so that wasn’t CMT, though that was PMI. Constantine Iordanou Right. Josh Shanker And do you have any reason to believe that business – that you can detect RateStar underwritten business as a better loss ratio than rate card business? Constantine Iordanou We price RateStar and rate card to give us tthey same ROE. So we have tthey same target. Now as we’re back testing both, because every month, I ask tthey guys and we back test – based on tthey volume that comes in and we underwrite. Tthey only difference between tthey two – it’s not on expected return of equity. I think both of ttheym are on an expected basis is ttheyy’re about tthey same and we did price both at about 15% ROE. Tthey difference is that RateStar is – tthey RateStar produced business is very narrow – narrower around – it’s three to four ROE points up and down of tthey mean, wtheyre rate card is much wider. I’ll give you an example, if you had just used credit score is one variable that you’re going to test for. You’re testing tthey 750s in tthey rate card versus RateStar. Tthey rate card even though tthey mean might be 15%. It may be as some business all tthey way up to 20%, 22%, and some ottheyr way to 70% or 80%, RateStar is more like 12% to 13% all tthey way up to 70% or 80%. Josh Shanker Okay. That makes sense. I appreciate tthey answers. If I’m right maybe I’ll be feeding tthey microphone to Ian right now. Let’s see what happens. Constantine Iordanou You are right on tthey write-up except you couldn’t predict our one-off transactions, and wtheyn you’re ready to predict our one-off transactions, I want you to call me because you and I are going to go to Vegas togettheyr. Josh Shanker I’ll make sure that I do that. Take care. Constantine Iordanou Thanks. Take care. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Amit Kumar with Macquarie. Amit Kumar Oh, man, ttheir [indiscernible],. Ian – I’ll try to ask some intelligent questions now. Ttheir is a big thing for me. So very quickly ttheyse are more – most of my questions have been answered, but sort of big picture question. One is sort of tying in tthey comments in response to ottheyr questions. If returns were stable in reinsurance and insurance and if your MI business is growing rapidly, should we expect a slow trend up in tthey A line ROE, and if that is tthey case, does your book value grow at a faster clip than tthey industry all has been kept equal? Constantine Iordanou No, because your assumptions, I don’t think you’re totally listening to us correctly. We said that reinsurance is deteriorating, I mean still very good results, don’t get me wrong. But that is under pressure. So we’re losing ground ttheyre and we’re losing lesser ground in tthey insurance side. But in both of those sectors, we’re losing ground. So in essence, from a profitability point of view, ttheyy’re not going to have tthey same ROEs as before. And that tthey reason I didn’t change tthey $10 million to $12 million on an underwriting basis is because I’m offsetting what I’m losing on those two sectors by what I’m gaining through mix change on tthey MI sector and that’s tthey way that you have to think about it. Amit Kumar Yes, that’s a fair comment. I’m sure that Ian is already disappointed in me. Tthey next question that I have is again on MI? With tthey Barron story coming out on Sunday and ttheyre’s been a lot of focus – a lot of – set of new investor feedback as well as some traditional investors? One question, which I was getting and ttheir is sort of interesting, is tthey traditional P&C investors were asking, if things go south, wouldn’t ours be locked in? Unlike traditional P&C wtheyre you can cut back underwritings, pull back on tthey capital and ttheyn wait for tthey cycle to turn? It seemed that ttheyre was some fear on that thought process, wtheyre if Arch becomes bigger and bigger in MI, maybe a different class of investors cycle in and tthey traditional investors cycle out? But would you say to that in terms of if tthey cycle does turn, how easily can you sort of pullback or pullout or change your strategy? Constantine Iordanou Well, let me – it’s a very complicated question, but it’s a very good question because it talks about what you need to do from a risk management point of view from capital allocation, and also what tthey theirtory has taught us in ttheir particular sector. Let me start by pointing out to you that tthey performance on tthey bank channel versus tthey credit union channel was even – tthey worst year for tthey credit union channel through tthey financial crisis was 152 loss ratio. Nothing to write home about, but not catastrophic, right and what I’m sharing with you is information we have through tthey PMI transaction, right. On tthey bank channel, we have an excess of 300, 2X. Wtheyn we examine that and we’ve done a lot of analysis on it, most of it wasn’t just economic conditions. Yes, economic conditions will have an influence and that’s tthey event that you have to plan for and make sure that from an aggregation point of view, you’re comfortable with how much risk that you take. It also tells you that if you don’t violate your underwriting guidelines, your performance eittheyr in down economic conditions – unemployment going to 15% and prices coming down by 25%, you can withstand all that, as long as you discipline on your underwriting side, because most of tthey delinquencies ttheyy came from fraudulent loans. Loans that ttheyre was very little verification tthey underwriting information was very suspect and on top of it very, very loose underwriting, people writing risk that ttheyy shouldn’t be taking that risk. Having said that is no different wtheyn you write long tail liability lines in tthey P&C world. If you’re pricing your workers’ comp at 20% or 30% below independent, if you stop writing tomorrow, you’re going to have that tail that is going to continue hitting regardless loss of elements year-after-year year, because tthey duration of those liabilities is probably even longer than tthey duration that you have on tthey MI space. Tthey key to ttheir business in my view and in all of our underwriters is to maintain discipline in accepting risk. Tthey beauty of it is that even wtheyn you stop underwriting, let’s say your pricing is – and with risk-based pricing, maybe tthey market will reject your pricing and ttheyy’re going to find it ctheyaper from a set of competitors. You continue to have streams of revenue coming from what you underwrote properly in tthey prior year. And ttheyn tthey only thing that you need to worry about is tthey broad economic downturn. Increase in unemployment and price reduction in tthey housing market et cetera, and we test for that and we have cat loads and also that determines as to what size we want MI to be as part of tthey overall Arch family. So that’s wtheyre we are. Marc? Marc Grandisson One thing different, I would say with casualty, and I totally agree with tthey analogy, is that we have a lot of tools that our – at our disposal that we can use to really assess and evaluate tthey origination at any given time. So we know what’s that we’ve been originated at any one point in time we can assess what tthey risk is in that portfolio and I would argue that an MI book of business has a lot more changes in a casualty book of business across all lines of business. Much more homogeneous much more stable and lot more predictive in terms of what you bring to tthey table by virtue of tthey variable you used to price. So it’s always a factor. Things can change after you’ve underwritten ttheym. But certainly wtheyn you underwrite it, you have a very good sense with tthey quality what you’ve underwritten. Mark Lyons Yes, and ttheyn I’ll just add one more thing. Your premise is that all PC business can be decisions on an annual basis. As tthey market softens, you get an increased proportion of multiyear contracts, and ttheir is an industry statement. And ttheir is a differentiator between carriers. It’s a difference between having multi-years with legitimate re-underwriting abilities versus one wtheyre you’re locked in. And that’s becoming increasingly common and as that grows in proportion. It’s not as quite of a stark difference as you think. Amit Kumar Got it, that is actually very, very theylpful. Thanks for tthey answers and good luck for tthey future. Constantine Iordanou Thank you. Marc Grandisson Thanks, Amit. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Cotheyn with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. Jay Cotheyn Great, thanks for that last answer. That was actually theylpful. And question on mortgage insurance – shocking. Wtheyn I look at tthey results for tthey quarter and I take out tthey favorable development, and I come to ttheir kind of accident year of losses ratio, first of all, is that a reasonable concept in mortgage insurance? Mark Lyons Sorry to interrupt, you halfway through, Jay. Jay Cotheyn That’s theylpful. Mark Lyons You’ve got to think of it as – it report theyre closer to a claims made view of business ttheyn in tthey current view. Accident year and claims made business really is report year and ttheir is really tthey same thing. Constantine Iordanou You can reserve as long as you have a delinquency. And that’s – we don’t like tthey accounting model. We’ve talked about it in ottheyr calls. But at tthey end of tthey day, I’m not setting up tthey rules. I just play by tthey rules. Jay Cotheyn Tthey trend I have seen in ttheir ratio, which has kind of steadily come down. That’s not necessarily is kind of tthey – stepping to look at going forward? Constantine Iordanou Do you mean tthey delinquency rate or? Jay Cotheyn Tthey loss ratio, excluding whatever you want to call it, tthey loss ratio that you’re reporting, excluding tthey prior-year development, which has gone from 30 down to 17, makes it hard for us to forecast that number. Is tthey more recent year – recent quarter is that a reasonable number to use? Mark Lyons It’s really – ttheyre is more mixture going on theyre than you think, Marc and Dinos talked before about tthey glide path difference on some of tthey old reinsurance contracts that are now running out. Tthey insurance accounting treatment on a lot of tthey GSEs have a different loss expectation than does some of tthey primary U.S., so I hate to say it, but it does come down to a lot of mixture. Constantine Iordanou If we were pure primary MI, it would be easier for you because ttheyn you will see what tthey average claim cost is, which doesn’t move very much in tthey mid $40,000 range. And ttheyn you look at tthey delinquency and that is improving bit by bit, but because we have tthey Australian business, we have tthey GSE business and those depends what block it is getting it gets a lot more complicated Jay Cotheyn Got it. A bit of a modeling challenge for us certainly. Constantine Iordanou It’s all right. I mean listen, you got to have some challenges. Marc Grandisson Jay, a high level to theylp you – tthey way we think about tthey run rate basis, tthey expenses is about 25% to 30% in a run rate, and ttheyn I think about it globally in tthey industry, a mature book of business and currently tthey loss ratio is anywtheyre, you see ttheym report at 20% to 30%. It sort of gives you a range that is kind of hard to – it could be obviously if nothing happens. It could be significant below ttheir, but trying to get a long-term average. Jay Cotheyn Okay. Constantine Iordanou That’s a way that we think about ultimate, yes. Marc Grandisson Looking at tthey long-term average, exactly. Jay Cotheyn Got it. That’s theylpful. Tthey second question was on tthey contingent consideration? Mark, what was tthey cap that – what was up with tthey $159 million you said? Mark Lyons No, no, 150% of tthey stated value at closing. Jay Cotheyn Okay. Got it. Constantine Iordanou But it would have been unknown provision. Basically we will continue to be recalculating tthey book value based on tthey actual performance of tthey loan portfolio from tthey date of closing in prior. Jay Cotheyn So up until now, that basically has – theylps your operating earnings and it was offset in tthey kind of tthey net income to some extent? Mark Lyons Yes, you have net income versus tthey realized. Jay Cotheyn Right. Mark Lyons So it’s operating versus net income. Jay Cotheyn Yes, but going forward it sounds like that offset on tthey unrealized loss, or realized loss, won’t be ttheyre to tthey same degree anyway. And ttheyrefore it’s just to flow through more right to net income? Mark Lyons You will as I commented, because tthey financial statements reflect more of tthey present value of it. So it increased over time like any interest unwinding. Jay Cotheyn Right. Mark Lyons Especially now if we capped out nominally, we’ll accrete towards tthey payment date. Plus we are required through GAAP accounting to – as it becomes more certain we have to drop tthey discount rate used in that present value cap. You get both forces causing additional effects in future calendar quarters. Constantine Iordanou Ttheyy’re going to be small, so don’t get too overexcited. Jay Cotheyn No, but that makes sense. And ttheyn lastly, just on tthey political environment, you’re a fairly global company and it seems both parties have some issues with free trade. Are you, one, concerned about ttheir? Two, are you doing anything to prepare for maybe a change from tthey trade environment? Constantine Iordanou Not specifically, because at tthey end of tthey day – listen free trade will affect that global GDP and global GDP will affect tthey revenue for tthey insurance sector. But having said that, because we are a highly regulated business, a lot of what we do is global, but it’s local from tthey regulation point of view. You operate and you need local licenses and you participate in tthey local market, et cetera. So I don’t see significant change in tthey way tthey insurance business is done, if ttheyre’s barriers that ttheyy put up. At tthey end of tthey day though, if GDP growth is very low, it will affect our ability to get revenue. It’s been always like that. You can track tthey growth on tthey P&C world of insurance and reinsurance with GDP and ttheyre’s a very, very good correlation ttheyre. Jay Cotheyn Great. As usual, theylpful comments. Thank you. Constantine Iordanou Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open. Brian Meredith Thanks, I will be quick theyre. Just back on tthey MI business, just curious does tthey Australian reinsurance business have better economics than tthey US MI business? As that kind of comes in is that contributing to maybe tthey improved loss ratios and stuff we’re seeing? And ttheyn as an addendum to that, any ottheyr opportunities that you are seeing in tthey Australian markets? Marc Grandisson So on tthey Australian market, right now tthey Australian transaction that we have is really like an insurance, a flow business that we’ve done with that partner of ours down under. That has not gotten a lot of earned premiums, so I wouldn’t describe a lot of pickup from that sector really. We’ve done in tthey past some reinsurance transactions that we – to go back to your point about tthey second question about opportunities, ttheyre were opportunities in tthey past, that’s also what got us to really focus more intently on Australia. We had quota share reinsurance transactions with a couple of players down ttheyre. But those – but since we have struck ttheir significance, we believe relationship with that bank, we don’t need – we don’t feel like we have tthey need to do anything more in tthey segment. Brian Meredith Gotcha. So your tapped out in Australia and you wouldn’t do anything else? Constantine Iordanou For now tthey answer is we’re comfortable wtheyre we are right now. Brian Meredith Great. That’s theylpful. And I’m just curious on tthey LPT transaction, just try to understand it, what kind of interest rate or return assumptions are you using wtheyn you’re doing a transaction like that to get tthey returns that you need? Constantine Iordanou Right now our units are doing pricing tthey – transactions or portfolios using a treasury free rate, by and large. That’s what we’re using, that’s how ttheyy compensate on wtheyn ttheyy calculate tthey ROEs. Brian Meredith So if you are doing 100 combined ratio, it means ttheyre is it virtually zero capital assigned to it? Okay. Constantine Iordanou No, capital no, ttheyre is no return. No return. Tthey capital is allocated based – no underwriting return, right. Tthey duration of liabilities of, let’s say, five years, ttheyre will be – take that five-year and that’s 1% or 5% pickup on tthey flow. Now wtheyn you look at tthey contract that we assigned capital to it and got to see what’s tthey upside, downside, and how much capital it goes, and you make those calculations. Don’t forget, some of ttheyse transactions, ttheyy have a limited risk transfer. Some of ttheym have more risk transfer and that’s wtheyn we got to go through a test if ttheir is going to be a deposit accounting or a reinsurance accounting. Ttheir one has enough risk transfer. But we are happy with it because of our familiarity of tthey book of business and our participation on tthey book of business as tthey quota share participant in prior years. Having said that, don’t misconstrue 100 combined that that might be tthey expected value of tthey contract over time. At tthey end of tthey day, you’re reserve conservatively, and if you are wrong, nobody is taking tthey money out of your pocket, you – tthey sale that we get it eventually. Brian Meredith Gotcha. And ttheyn last question, is ttheyre any update on your ability to kind of take advantage of opportunities from AIG and some of tthey ottheyr companies that have been doing reunderwriting? I know we have talked about that in tthey past? Constantine Iordanou We don’t target specifically any company. I mean, ttheyre is reunderwriting being done by many companies, including AIG and ottheyrs. All I have to say is that, we’ve seen some increased opportunities in sectors that we believe we have good underwriting expertise. And we’re getting into tthey batter’s box so to speak. We haven’t been hitting a lot of doubles, triples, or home runs, maybe a single theyre and ttheyre, which tells you that tthey market hasn’t come up to our liking yet. But we have increased – tthey opportunities that we see have increased noticeable. Brian Meredith Great. Thank you. Constantine Iordanou Welcome. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Ian Gutterman with Balyasny. Your line is open. Constantine Iordanou It’s not Keftedes, is likely on tthey lunch menu today. Ian Gutterman - Balyasny My first question was going to be about great diners, but given tthey call is getting long, I thought I hold off. Constantine Iordanou Are you ready to invest with me as I’m getting closer to retirement, I got to think of things to do. So are you ready? Ian Gutterman Exactly. I would be open to a kind an offer, call my attorney. So I won’t ask about anything about MI, I want to stick to tthey ottheyr two legs of tthey stool. And probably a lot of ttheyse are number questions, ttheir late. In insurance you talked about in tthey release of some of tthey adverse development from an energy casualty claim? Any color on that? Mark Lyons Yes. It’s Sempra Energy. It’s out of our Bermuda operation, wtheyre wtheyn you have a claim down ttheyre given tthey towers and tthey attachments and wtheyre we play, ttheyy are Wall Street Journal front page events. Ttheir was a gas leak explosion. Tthey estimate is $660 million industry loss. We are on two layers, tthey lowest of which is excess of $265 million, and ttheyn we are on tthey – a piece of anottheyr layer above it. So we fully reserved it on a net basis, so it can’t move any more than wtheyre it is. Ian Gutterman Yes, got it. Constantine Iordanou But it was a big loss for us. It’s a man-made disaster cat, we’ll call it that. Ian Gutterman Exactly. Constantine Iordanou That’s I think you saw cat losses in tthey insurance group. Mark Lyons That’s what tthey Bermuda insurance market is. That’s exactly tthey kind of complex risk it attracts. Constantine Iordanou Right. Ian Gutterman Tthey next thing I was going to ask you is, did you – I thought ttheir was an adverse development, it was a cat as well? Mark Lyons No, it’s not a cat. Constantine Iordanou It’s not in tthey accumulation of natural catastropthey was 60, but it was on tthey adverse of element. Ian Gutterman Okay, that’s what I thought. Mark Lyons, It would be a 14-year, 15-year. Constantine Iordanou And it just takes a while until those things are known, especially attachment points like that. Ian Gutterman Sure. So my question on tthey cats and tthey insurance segment, I guess that was higtheyr than I thought, and I just look back, I think tthey first time in a long time that cats and insurance having greater than reinsurance. I guess, I was just curious if ttheyre was anything unusual that caused that? Constantine Iordanou Nothing unusual. But – listen on tthey insurance side, you get on two buildings and you’ve $5 million or $10 million and ttheyn all of a sudden you kind of have $15 million. And we got an operation up in Canada. So I don’t know exactly tthey specific accounts, but it wasn’t a significant number of claims. It was a few claims. And don’t forget, we do not like personal lines. So for us to get hit, we got to hit on apartment buildings or a school, or something of that sort, and it’s very easy to get quote with $5 million on a couple of ttheym. And all of a sudden, we’re not reporting tens of millions of dollars. I mean, at tthey end of tthey day, yes, you are slightly higtheyr than reinsurance. But it was nothing unusual for us. Marc Grandisson Those losses, Ian, we had in tthey second quarter were mostly insurance losses. So it was theyavily – some of tthey reinsurance in Canada, but a lot of it outside was insurance more than reinsurance. And I will echo with what Dinos said. Having a small loss of cat load of about $10 million in insurance group is not having a variability of about $10 million is not a big deal for us. Ian Gutterman Understood. I was just curious to know. Marc Grandisson …within tthey variability. Constantine Iordanou It can happen. If you are in tthey wrong hospital or in tthey wrong apartment building and tthey wrong and you put $10 million up, you’re going to get hit. You get hit. Ian Gutterman Yes. And just to relate to that just overall for tthey combined insurance and reinsurance business, just looking at tthey cats for tthey quarter was that basically line with tthey cat load you talked about, I think even a hair below.? A lot of tthey calls people are talking about ttheir being an active cat quarter making it seem like ttheir is much above average. Is that your view that ttheir was an above tthey average quarter and you came in average or just an average quarter and people are kind of talking about making, seem like a bigger issue than it really was? Constantine Iordanou Wtheyn you have a $13 billion to $15 billion worldwide, I would say slightly above average. Ian Gutterman Okay. Constantine Iordanou I don’t – if you are up $10 million and you say $40 billion annual cat load worldwide as maybe tthey expected number. But I haven’t spent a lot of time. Maybe Marc, you have. I know ttheyre is a lot of statistics and we look at that. But I would characterize it as slightly above average. But not – ttheir is not something that is not going to happen again. Marc Grandisson It’s definitely is slightly, Ian, above average in tthey U.S. with tthey PCS numbers, ttheyy are not totally outside. Tthey one thing that I would tell you in Canada is really, really outside of tthey norm. That’s really what [Multiple Speakers] most of our guys and it’s not really reflected in tthey cat load of anything that people right in general around tthey world. Mark Lyons Ian, I would offer that tthey perspective varies depending on wtheyttheyr your results were three times your cat load versus inside your cat load. Ian Gutterman That’s kind of what I was getting at a little bit, okay. So my last one is just, Mark, if you could theylp me on tthey LPT math, I just want to make sure I’m doing ttheir right? Tthey 2.7% that you talked about was on tthey overall combined? But on tthey accident year, because tthey accident year is higtheyr than tthey calendar year, tthey accident year was getting maybe 30 bps or so, so it was not that much of an impact, is that right? Constantine Iordanou Well, I would say, we did it on a calendar year basis. Ian Gutterman But your accident year was a 98 something, so 100 verses a 98 doesn’t really change it too much? Marc Grandisson Yes, that’s correct. [Multiple speakers] Ian Gutterman Okay. So tthey question is, so wtheyn I get into tthey accident year, wtheyn I pull it out was still pretty close to a 98 may be a high 97s, that was up about three or four points, or even running, kind of curious what happened ttheyre, I know you mentioned some large losses, but was it just that or…? Mark Lyons No, I mean, wtheyn you take – yes, wtheyn you take ttheyre was a – we had a marine loss with a vessel that – it does Jubilee loss. So, we take that large attritional. That was pushing 300 bps I believe. So and ttheyre is a couple of ottheyr noise, but that really accounts for it. Ian Gutterman Make sense, perfect. All right enjoy tthey cat events, talk to you next quarter. Constantine Iordanou Okay. All right. Thank you. Mark Lyons Thank you. Operator I’m showing no furttheyr questions. I would like to turn tthey call – conference back over to Mr. Dinos Iordanou for closing remarks. Constantine Iordanou Thank you all. Enjoy your lunch and we will talk to next quarter. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a good day.