Arch Capital Group Ltd (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call October 30, 2020 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Marc Grandisson - President & CEO François Morin - EVP, CFO & Treasurer Conference Call Participants Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities Jamminder Bhullar - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse Joshua Shanker - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs Group Ryan Tunis - Autonomous Research Geoffrey Dunn - Dowling & Partners Securities Meyer Shields - KBW Philip Stefano - Deutscthey Bank Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Third Quarter 2020 Arch Capital Group Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. Before tthey company gets started with its update, management wants to remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey company intends tthey forward-looking statements in tthey call to be subject to tthey safe harbor created ttheyreby.  Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in tthey company's current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey company's earnings press release and is available on tthey company's website. I would now like to introduce your hosts for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. François Morin. Sir, you may begin. Marc Grandisson Good morning, Liz. And welcome to our third quarter earnings call on Halloween Eve. You are in for a treat. In our results, you can see tangible evidence of tthey advantages of tthey Arch model. By protecting our capital during tthey soft market years, we are well positioned as each of our segments leans into improving market conditions. Our underwriters are making tthey most of tthey hardening property and casualty market, while our mortgage insure segment is benefiting from record mortgage origination activity ttheir quarter.  Ttheir year, for tthey first time in nearly a decade, we've been able to grow significantly and deploy more capital in our P&C businesses that provides acceptable expected returns. And due to our strong financial position, we have accomplittheyyd ttheir while maintaining a strong presence in MI, which continues to deliver meaningful returns.  Our ability to continually rebalance capital amongst our diverse businesses enhances our total underwriting returns. It also should decrease earnings volatility over time. Since our inception, we have believed in cycle management, and ttheir strategy brings an added margin safety to our collective underwriting activity. Allow me to elaborate on our third quarter results by touching on 3 key ttheymes: one, growth; two, margin improvement; and three, capital allocation.  First, let's talk about growth. In ttheir quarter, net written premiums in our P&C units grew 25% in total, 17% in insurance and 38% in reinsurance over tthey same period a year ago. Ttheir growth was driven by rate improvements, but also reflects our ability to increase our participations wtheyre clients needed additional capacity.  In tthey insurance segment, we continued to obtain strong rate increases in areas like property, D&O and casualty. Group-wide, our rate increase for tthey third quarter averaged over 11%, and we believe ttheir trend of increasing rates should continue through 2021.  At Arch, we have always followed a simple rule: our participation in tthey business should follow tthey direction of premium rates. As rates improve, we write more business. Wtheyn rate decrease, as ttheyy did over tthey past several years, we write less. Ttheir strategy takes courage. It will often appear an outlier to tthey market, but being intellectually honest, disciplined and applying our cycle management techniques is what we're all about at Arch.  Obviously, tthey P&C market is broad, and all opportunities are not created equal. Ttheyre are areas such as workers' comp wtheyre premium rate or conditions are not improving to tthey levels we believe are needed for an adequate return, and in those instances we manage our appetite accordingly. Despite theyadwinds from tthey pandemic, our growth in insurance lines are E&S property, casualty and professional lines are a great example of our platform's ability to flex into improved underwriting conditions.  Our reinsurance unit has been able to lean into ttheir hardening market both earlier and with more vigor than our primary operations. Ttheyre are two main reasons for ttheir.  First, wtheyn tthey market transitions, needed rate increases compound up tthey insurance supply chain. Reinsurance is often a leading indicator of what's to come more broadly. Second, reinsurance can provide capacity quicker and in larger amounts, since it can put capital to work through clients' platforms. Of course, share growth is only one part of tthey equation of growing returns. Let's turn now to margin improvement. We all know that mattheymatically, rate increases in excess of loss trends lead to margin improvement. Tthey marketplace seems to be supporting tthey momentum of continued rate increases. We are in tthey early stages of seeing tthey benefit of rate-on-rate increases in our operating results. Simply stated, adding tthey 2 parts, growth and margin will lead to better returns. Many factors are driving today's P&C markets. Ttheyse include elevated natural cat loss activity in each of tthey past 4 years, weakened reserve positions from soft market years, lower investment yield and a rising claim inflation. Add in a global pandemic that is still ongoing, it's not surprising that market conditions are changing.  Now pivoting to MI. Our $33 billion of NIW in tthey U.S. in tthey quarter was a record for Arch. Low interest rates are producing huge refinance activity and unsurprisingly, some churn in our in-force business. However, MI premium rates remain above pre-COVID levels, and tthey continued high credit quality of borrowers is generally better than it was pre-pandemic. We continue to face uncertainties such as tthey economy's theyalth and how tthey pandemic may ultimately affect individual borrowers. However, we are optimistic that, among ottheyr positive factors, recent trends in tthey U.S. housing market will mitigate tthey effects of tthey pandemic.  Finally, Arch's ability and willingness to allocate and manage capital remains a key competitive advantage. We always think about balancing our capital deployment over 5 pillars: into tthey insurance, reinsurance, MI, into our investment portfolio, and lastly into our stock repurchase. Our job is to optimize risk-adjusted returns through capital allocation across ttheyse pillars.  We see managing tthey 5 pillars being similar to coaching a basketball team. We're constantly looking at how we can distribute tthey ball, i.e., our capital to tthey right players. For tthey past several years, we've been able to feed tthey big 7'7" MI guy down low and rely on them to get easy dunks. Now as a playing field, i.e., tthey market changes, we've adjusted our tactics slightly and are increasingly relying on our two hot shooters, reinsurance and insurance. MI will still score its fair share of points, but tthey P&C players are getting more open 3-point looks and layups. In short, our game is becoming more complete and diversified. Our ability to adapt tthey new conditions is what makes us stronger as a team.  Tthey market dynamics take me back in time. We have talked about Paul Ingrey's underwriting clock that theylps track and measure tthey phases of tthey insurance cycle. It's been central to our management philosophy since tthey beginning and is a theylpful reference to understand tthey underwriting life cycle and assist us in gauging our risk appetite.  I recently asked our underwriting teams wtheyre we were on tthey Ingrey clock, and tthey most common response was around 8:00. If you take a look at tthey clock in our most recent annual report, you'll see that it's a very nice time to be at Arch. Ttheyre's a buzz among our underwriters because we've become tthey first call for so many of our clients, that we have tthey capacity, tthey expertise and tthey desire to serve ttheym.  Now I'll turn tthey coach's wtheirtle over to François, as they goes into more detail on our quarterly results. And I look forward to responding to your questions afterwards. François? François Morin Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. We at Arch hope that you are in good theyalth. On to tthey third quarter results. As a reminder and consistent with prior practice, tthey following comments are on a core basis, which corresponds to Arch's financial results excluding tthey ottheyr segment, i.e. tthey operations of Watford Holdings Limited. In our filings, tthey term Consolidated includes Watford.  After-tax operating income for tthey quarter was $120.3 million, which translates to an annualized 4.2% operating return on average common equity and $0.29 per share. Book value per share increased to $28.75 at September 30, up 4.1% from last quarter and 12.2% from 1 year ago. Tthey increase in tthey quarter was yield by tthey continued strong performance of our investment portfolio and good underwriting results, taking into consideration tthey elevated catastropthey activity in tthey quarter and tthey uncertainty surrounding tthey current pandemic. Our property casualty teams continued on ttheyir path of solid growth and improved performance as we continue to see strong positive pricing momentum in ttheyir markets.  Losses from 2020 catastrophic events in tthey quarter including COVID-19, net of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums, stood at $203.3 million or 12.5 combined ratio points compared to 5.2 combined ratio points in tthey third quarter of 2019. Tthey losses impacted both our insurance and reinsurance segments and include $191.4 million from a series of natural catastroptheys in tthey quarter including Hurricanes Isaias, Matttheyw and Sally, tthey Midwestern Tornado, California wildfires and ottheyr smaller events, as well as $11.9 million for losses related to tthey COVID-19 pandemic.  Tthey COVID-19 losses we recorded in tthey quarter were small, reflecting additional information that became available during tthey quarter and represent our current assessment and best estimate of tthey ultimate losses for occurrences through September 30 based on policy terms and conditions including limits, sub-limits and deductibles. As of September 30, tthey vast majority of our COVID-19 claims are yet to be settled or paid, with close to 80% of tthey inception-to-date incurred loss amount recorded as incurred but not reported, i.e. IBNR reserves, or as additional case reserves within our insurance and reinsurance segments.  As regards tthey potential impact of COVID-19 on our mortgage segment, we note that tthey delinquency rate at tthey end of tthey quarter was 4.69%, down from 5.14% at June 30. Our current expectation is that tthey delinquency rate should be in tthey 5% to 5.5% range at year-end 2020.  While we have seen many positive signs over tthey last few months that point us to a more favorable view of tthey ultimate performance of tthey U.S. MI book, many of tthey uncertainties we identified on our last call remain, in particular, tthey potential impact from a second wave of infections, potential lockdowns and tthey lack of an additional fiscal stimulus package or risk factors that we continue to monitor and evaluate on an ongoing basis. For ttheyse reasons, and consistent with our corporate reserving philosophy, we believe it is prudent to take a cautious approach in setting loss reserves across our MI book.  In tthey insurance segment, net written premium grew 17.1% over tthey same quarter 1 year ago, a strong result demonstrating our ability to achieve profitable growth in ttheir environment. Adjusting for tthey net written premium decrease observed in our travel, accident and theyalth unit, tthey year-over-year growth in net written premium would have been 26.5%.  Tthey insurance segment's accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats was 94.1%, lower by 620 basis points from tthey same period 1 year ago. Approximately 300 basis points of tthey difference is due to a lower expense ratio, primarily from tthey growth in tthey premium base from 1 year ago and reduced levels of travel and entertainment expenses ttheir quarter. Tthey lower ex-cat accident quarter loss ratio reflects mix change and tthey benefits of rate increases achieved over tthey last 12 months. Prior period net loss reserve development net of related adjustments was favorable at $1.1 million, generally consistent with tthey level recorded in tthey third quarter of 2019.  As for our reinsurance operations, we had strong growth of 38.4% in net written premiums on a year-over-year basis, which was observed across most of our lines and includes a combination of new business opportunities rate increases and tthey integration of tthey Barbican reinsurance business. Tthey segment's accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats stood at 83.1% and compared to 92.8% on tthey same basis 1 year ago. Tthey year-over-year movement is primarily driven by a more normal level of large attritional losses compared to a year ago and rate change activity over tthey last 12 months. Most of tthey remaining difference is explained by operating expense ratio improvements, primarily resulting from tthey growth in earned premium.  Favorable prior period net loss reserve development, net of related adjustments, was $40.8 million or 7.4 combined ratio points compared to 4.0 combined ratio points in tthey third quarter of 2019. Tthey development was mostly in short-tail lines.  Tthey mortgage industry had a record-breaking quarter in terms of NIW, and we certainly followed suit with ttheir quarter's NIW of 38 -- $32.8 billion, a full 30% higtheyr than our prior high-water mark. Offsetting ttheir record level of production was tthey high level of refinancing activity across our portfolio, with tthey net result being a slight reduction in our insurance in force.  Tthey combined ratio was 64.2%, reflecting tthey lower delinquency rate observed during tthey quarter. Tthey trends we saw ttheir quarter were favorable relative to last quarter, but tthey game is far from over. Tthey expense ratio was slightly lower over tthey same quarter 1 year ago. And prior period net loss reserve development was favorable at $4.5 million ttheir quarter.  Total investment return for tthey quarter was positive 230 basis points on a U.S. dollar basis as tthey strong recovery in tthey capital market produced theyalthy returns across our entire portfolio. Returns in our equity and alternative investments contributed approximately 40% of tthey total return for tthey quarter. Tthey duration of our investment portfolio remained basically unchanged from tthey prior quarter at 3.21 years. Tthey effective tax rate on pretax operating income was 4.8% in tthey quarter, reflecting a change in tthey full year estimated tax rate, tthey geographic mix of our pretax income, and a 10 basis point benefit from discrete tax items in tthey quarter. As always, tthey effective tax rate could vary depending on tthey level and location of income or loss and varying tax rates in each jurisdiction. We currently estimate tthey full year tax rate to be in tthey 8% to 10% range for 2020. Turning briefly to risk management. Our natural cat P&L on a net basis increased to $918 million as of October 1 which, at approximately 8.4% of tangible common equity, remains well below our internal limits at tthey single event 1-in-250-year return level. Tthey growth in tthey P&L ttheir quarter is attributable to our E&S property unit within tthey insurance segment, which increased its writings in an improving marketplace.  On tthey capital front, tthey increase in interest expense ttheir quarter was mainly tthey result of tthey issuance of tthey $1 billion senior notes we issued in June 2020. So far, we have been able to fund our recent growth with our existing capital base. And our balance ttheyyet remains strong, with a debt plus preferred leverage ratio of 23.1% that remains well within a reasonable range. As for our U.S. MI operations, tthey mortgage insurance-linked notes market has recovered to a great extent from tthey lows we saw at tthey onset of tthey pandemic. Earlier ttheir week, we priced our third Bellemeade transaction of tthey year at terms that are getting closer to what we saw in 2019, both in structure and price. Our latest transaction will provide 6.5% of coverage in excess of a 2.5% attachment point, both expressed as a percentage of tthey risk in force. Including ttheir transaction, tthey Bellemeade structures currently provide approximately $3.9 billion of aggregate reinsurance coverage -- coverage. Tthey fact that ttheir market has recovered as extensively as it has in just over 7 months, with investors more and more comfortable with tthey exposure ttheyy are assuming, is quite telling and provide support to our current assessment of tthey theyalth of tthey using tthey U.S. housing market.  With ttheyse introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. First question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Elyse Greenspan My first question is on tthey capital allocation, so what you laid out, 5 pillars. I just want to confirm, I guess, based off of how you were talking. It sounds like share repurchase is left kind of on tthey chain right now. And I guess because it seems like you have such good growth opportunities that you could put your capital to use just basically to incrementally add to your insurance and reinsurance writings? Am I understanding that correct? Marc Grandisson So yes. I didn't mean to put ttheym in ranking order. I think that ttheyy are probably all very equally attractive at ttheir point in time. I think that we're investigating, as you know, on a quarterly basis as to what tthey opportunities are in various signs of business. I didn't mean to name stock purchase as tthey last one as a rank ordering mechanism. I think that is also part and parcel of tthey discussion.  I think that for tthey first time in a while, I would argue that tthey 5 players actually are actively making tthey point for receiving ball, tthey ball and play and be part of tthey game. So I would definitely say that.  And we're evaluating. But certainly, our game number one, our focus number one is to allocate capital to tthey underwriting units. If tthey returns are ttheyre. And that certainly is a relatively easier place to deploy and easier what you see at ttheir point in time. But everything is up, everything is -- every guy -- everybody is playing on tthey field, on tthey court.  Elyse Greenspan Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn my second question on your insurance underlying margin, 94% in tthey quarter. Arch had targeted to get to kind of a mid-90s. Yet you guys are kind of ttheyre, but ttheyre's more -- you mentioned a lot of rate, I think, 11% that you're getting in your book of business, which means you haven't even earned that in yet.  So as we think about tthey earning in of tthey rate you're getting today, plus what seems like incremental rate you could get into 2021, do you have a new target for that business? Or is ttheyre a way that we can think about tthey margin profile ttheyre, especially since you've kind of hit that target that you laid out for tthey Street? Marc Grandisson Yes. So let me go back to tthey 95% combined, which I mentioned, I think, 3 years ago now. I think that was meant to be ttheyre as an aspirational target and to shoot for at that point in time, based on tthey mix of business and tthey opportunities that we had in tthey marketplace. I think ttheir has changed, right? I think that now that we're obviously going in that direction and very nicely, and tthey market is certainly theylping us, I think we still look very theyavily into line by line and ROE by line of business.  And I would argue, Elyse, that some lines of business would be less than a 95% combined and some might be still okay at above 95%. But certainly, what I would tell you is tthey combined ratio was aspirational. We have to keep in mind that ttheyre's still -- COVID-19 is still ongoing. And secondly, interest rates have also been decreased -- have decreased significantly since 3 years ago. So rate increases might be needed beyond tthey combined ratio, just to make tthey returns equivalent to what ttheyy should be, or would have been at tthey 95% theirtorically. So it's really an ongoing process of reflecting current investment yield.  So ttheyre are no targets on tthey combined ratio. But certainly target on a return basis. And I would agree with tthey 140 to 150 -- 150 bps decrease in interest rate, that tthey combined ratio would presumably mattheymatically need to go down to make an equivalent return. Elyse Greenspan Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn last question, you mentioned taking a cautious approach to reserving within your mortgage book. And ttheyn I think you also laid out that default rate to get to 5% to 5.5 by tthey end of tthey year. And so I'm just trying to understand like as tthey default rate, I guess, your expectation is it will go up a little bit from wtheyre it sits today. And I'm assuming that you'll continue with tthey same conservative approach that we saw in tthey third quarter.  So how should we think about kind of tthey combined ratio? You've been giving some metrics for how that business could trend. And you've obviously come in better than expected in tthey second and tthey third quarter. Do you have an expectation for how that could ultimately trend into Q4? And I imagine if you want to provide initial color on 2021. François Morin Yes. I'll take that, Elyse. I mean just to be pretty clear, I think I -- as you guys all know, I'll take tthey blame. I did a pretty poor job of forecasting combined ratios or delinquency rates over tthey last 2 calls. So I think we're trying to minimize tthey kind of bad forecasts.  But listen, ttheyre's -- as we know, ttheyre's a lot of uncertainty out ttheyre. Yes, we're extremely pleased that tthey delinquency rates have come down, right? We had talked about even just last quarter, we had said like somewtheyre around 8% by tthey end of tthey year. It doesn't look like we're going to -- it's going to be as bad as that, based on what we know today. Still a few months to go, but definitely saw some encouraging signs ttheir quarter.  So that's all well and good. Does it translate to -- what kind of combined ratio does it translate to? I mean it's hard to know because again what we're facing is really -- we just don't know how long ttheir pandemic is going to last. Tthey fact that tthey forbearance programs are at ttheir point sctheyduled to end, but who knows if ttheyy get extended or not? And how do people convert from forbearance to a regular delinquency? Ttheyre's a lot of unknowns at ttheir point that we feel are extremely hard to predict and estimate.  So listen, we're taking it one quarter at a time. We're happy with wtheyre things are at right now. Again, it's reassuring, but we're not -- as I said, we're -- tthey game's far from over. And who knows, maybe hopefully even my 5% to 5.5% forecast or expectation for delinquency ends up being a bit high. But we'll find out in a few months, and we'll reassess at that point. Operator Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. Jamminder Bhullar First, I just had a question on how you're thinking about pricing, reinsurance pricing as a buyer of reinsurance? And how should we think about your sort of overall exposure, especially to cats as you're entering 2021? Are you, given better pricing, you can hold more exposure? Or maybe should we assume that you'll keep your retention sort of similar and be a buyer of record regardless of prices? François Morin Short answer is we don't know yet, right? I think we'll have to see what tthey 1 1 brings to our reinsurance folks on tthey inward side and certainly on our E&S property. We'll have to evaluate and assess what kind of exposure and what kind of margins we're getting ttheyre, and ttheyn look back and say, okay now, what is tthey -- because buying reinsurance, as you know, is like raising, it's like using capital. It's like we have to pay for that. So we're going to go through a very straightforward analysis of capital usage and what we pay for it. And we take a very, very first economic view of tthey whole world, and specifically as it relates to tthey insurance exposure we take on a property cat exposure specifically.  But having said all ttheir, we also have -- balancing it or adding to that information process is that we also are careful and not overstretching tthey capital. So we'll always be buying reinsurance to some extent. Tthey question is what level and how much and at what price.  But clearly we are -- we like stability, and we're always trading stability for sometimes lesser margin, and that's going to be part of tthey mix. But clearly both markets wtheyre we can be on tthey advantage, we can gain both sides, but we can actually get rate increases on tthey insurance side, find a way to buy reinsurance in a good way. And on tthey assumed basis, we actually are benefiting from tthey improvement in tthey market ttheyre as well. So it's really a holistic view of tthey cat exposure. Too early to tell what exactly is going to transpire, but everything is always up for discussion. Jamminder Bhullar Okay. And ttheyn on Watford, you raised tthey price. Ttheyre's pressure on yield to raise it again. And at what point does tthey deal become sort of uneconomic? And -- or are you already ttheyre? Or any comments on how you're thinking about that situation? Marc Grandisson Well, I mean we didn't -- we did not raise tthey price, right? We have an agreement, we have a signed agreement with Watford that we're starting tthey process to get regulatory approvals, et cetera. But yes, I mean ttheyre's anottheyr party that has come in that Watford feels ttheyy have to look into ttheyir potential offer and what it means to ttheym. But at ttheir point, what's been announced is what is still valid. Depending on what ttheyy end up deciding, we may choose to do something different. But at ttheir point, we can't really say much more than that. Operator Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski with Crédit Suisse. Michael Zaremski Yes. Focusing on tthey reinsurance segment, robust growth. Thanks for tthey commentary, bullish commentary. If we look at tthey underlying accident year loss ratio, I mean actually expense ratio too, so just a lot of improvement. Anything we should be thinking about? Anything to call out? Or are ttheir just market conditions and operating leverage that you're benefiting from? Marc Grandisson Yes. So ttheyn tthey reinsurance group has grown tremendously. So tthey expense ratio going down, or what it did certainly is explained by that in large part. I think in terms of tthey loss ratio, what I would like -- and we said it on prior calls as well is we tend to look at reinsurance performance on a 12- to 18-month basis. Ttheyre's a lot more volatility in that segment, in that sector. Ttheyre's also a lot of shift in tthey mix over time.  Our reinsurance folks do not tend to have a -- ttheyy have stable relationships obviously, but ttheyre's a lot of things moving on in terms of taking cede and tthey opportunities in tthey marketplace. So what I would look at tthey loss ratio is more like ttheir is -- some quarters is much better than ottheyrs. And it's really due to tthey volatility in tthey reinsurance results, I would say. Michael Zaremski Okay. Okay. Got it. So tthey expense ratio, some of that's going to roll in. Okay. A follow-up on tthey mortgage side, I think I theyard you say earlier that ILN pricing kind of had improved a lot. I guess I'm looking at -- we're trying to -- we've been trying to track overall ILN pricing. And maybe kind of still double what it was pre-pandemic, but maybe I'm just looking. Maybe Arch's pricing is better, or maybe I'm just incorrect? François Morin Yes. I mean ttheyre's two parts ttheyre, right? Is tthey structure, meaning in particular attachment points, and ttheyn tthey pricing. So right, so ttheir is our third one, our first one of tthey year. Really, we were tthey first ones out of tthey gate after tthey pandemic. Tthey reality at that point is appetite from tthey investors was not as good as it was in tthey past wtheyn our attachment point was much higtheyr. Second one, attachment point came down with slightly better pricing. With ttheir new latest one, we're effectively back to tthey same -- tthey 2.5% attachment point that we had seen pre-COVID. So that's certainly by design.  Pricing, if you risk adjust for everything, it's still up, no question. It's not tthey same level that it was pre-COVID, but it's not double for sure. So it's much better than that, much lower than that [indiscernible] quality of tthey book is better. So how does that get factored in? And so ttheyre's a couple of ottheyr things. It's hard to make it perfectly apples-to-apples. But directionally and on an absolute basis as well, we're very happy with wtheyre things are going. Michael Zaremski Okay. Got it. That's theylpful because I think you're describing it better than what we thought. Okay. And lastly, sticking on mortgage, hopefully -- you said you -- tthey delinquency rate doesn't pick up as much as you thought. But are you -- it's almost November. Have you seen, over tthey last 2 weeks, tthey delinquency rate tick up? François Morin So last few weeks, it's been actually keeping in tthey same general direction that we saw in tthey third quarter. So it hasn't picked up. Flattish, I'd call it. We got a couple of months to go. We'll see how things play out, but that's kind of what we're seeing. Operator Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Joshua Shanker Two questions, one just to understand accounting and tthey ottheyr one is about Watford. On tthey accounting, you had a decline in delinquencies due to cures of 6,000 approximately, but you took up reserves. I know you can't really reserve for loss that hasn't happened yet, but it looks like you're reserving for ttheyse new claims at about $12,000, $13,000 per claim compared to a theirtorical average of $4,000 to $5,000 per claim. Am I doing tthey math correctly?  And can you explain sort of how you think about that in tthey books? I think in tthey first quarter, you also took up reserves more than typical because you can only take ttheym up wtheyn you have claims. But can you walk through that a little bit? François Morin Yes. No question that we bumped up reserves ttheir quarter on effectively tthey delinquencies that we saw in tthey second quarter. So your math is correct. I mean that's -- I mean tthey reserves per delinquency, you did tthey math, right? But what you need to adjust for, I would say, is call it a reserve-strengttheyning exercise that we went through just to reassess wtheyre we were -- took a hard -- every quarter, we take a hard look. And our view is that might as well not -- be cautious, knowing what we know and knowing what we don't know.  So think of about a $45 million adjustment on reserves in tthey third quarter for effectively Q2 delinquencies. So once you adjust for that, I think you get back to claim levels or severities that you would be -- would be more in line with what maybe you would have expected. Joshua Shanker So along those lines, is ttheyre a reason to believe that tthey severity of tthey losses are going to be different than theirtorical severities? I can understand because ttheyre's not frequencies and you can't really take frequencies until you get a claim. But is ttheyre reason to be more cautious surrounding severity in ttheir pandemic? François Morin We don't see it. Tthey only adjustment obviously that what we're reporting in our supplement in terms of paid severities is lower than what we're seeing from tthey new delinquencies, right? New delinquencies, we mentioned it last quarter at about a $65,000 or so or per NOD. Ttheir quarter, it's right around $60,000. So I mean it's certainly higtheyr because it's more recent loans that are going delinquent versus what tthey loans we paid on in tthey quarter. So that's tthey only adjustment.  But in terms of percentage of tthey insured value or tthey insurance in force or tthey risk in force, we don't at ttheir point, don't have a reason to think that it's going to be materially different than what it's been in tthey past. Joshua Shanker Okay. And ttheyn on Watford, we don't know how it's going to turn out. But your own stock trades around book value. Tthey offers for Watford are around 0.8x book. I'm not sure, and maybe you've some thoughts on wtheyttheyr Watford is a better investment at 0.8x book than Arch is that 1x book. But if you don't buy in Watford, it would suggest that you have a chunk of excess capital that you were already allocating towards financial uses. Can we expect that your interest in buying business you already know is attractive, even given tthey market opportunities theyre? Marc Grandisson I think we made tthey point clear by putting our offer up ttheyre, and that's pretty much what we'll leave it as, Josh. I think we're we still think that Watford is a good platform, a valuable platform. And we-- Joshua Shanker But clearly Arch is a more valuable platform than Watford. If you're willing to buy in Watford stock, shouldn't you be willing to buy in Arch stock as well? Marc Grandisson I think tthey answer is always yes. We're always looking at tthey possibility of buying our stock. And certainly like I said before, 5 players on tthey court, I think that tthey share repurchase is really -- is attractive, as you would expect me to say as tthey CEO of tthey company. Joshua Shanker All right. We'll keep watching. Operator Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs. Yaron Kinar I do want to start by thanking you for giving a basketball analogy, so I can actually understand what's going on. I was worried you'd give a hockey analogy. And my first question goes to tthey slight increase in COVID losses in tthey quarter. Can you maybe talk about what drove that specifically? I guess specifically, what I want to get at is does it have anything to do with tthey FCA court cases over in tthey U.K. and how you're thinking about your overseas business interruption exposures? François Morin Yes. I mean it's really in two parts. I think in tthey -- on tthey insurance side, it's very much -- it's all basically related to our travel book in tthey U.S. So no connection to tthey FCA ruling. And tthey little bit we added in tthey reinsurance side is around property exposures, mostly out of Europe. So it's a little bit of a BI angle to it, but that's pretty much it. So I mean it's -- I mean I call it a bit of just new information coming in, nothing -- no, nothing kind of -- no material new information that came through that would have caused us to revisit our picks.  And tthey FCA, as we said, we didn't change it. And tthey ruling wtheyre it stands, it's -- we're still very much -- we had fully reserved for it. And ttheyre's -- again, tthey ruling doesn't change our position on that. Marc Grandisson Tthey rest of tthey portfolio, Yaron, for what it's worth, and we mentioned that on prior calls, is that we have tthey vast majority, almost totality of our parties have tthey exclusions that would protect us somewhat from a deviation. So ttheir is nothing in ttheyre to really think about. Yaron Kinar Okay. That's very theylpful. And ttheyn my second question, wtheyn you talked about tthey improvement in tthey ACI loss ratio for insurance, you didn't talk about total frequency. So is it because you didn't see that? Or is it because you didn't book that? François Morin It's a little bit of both actually. We saw some of it -- some improvement on tthey frequency of claims possibly in tthey second quarter. That was definitely a difference. But if you neutralize for tthey obvious lines of business wtheyre claims would actually naturally go down, such has travel for instance wtheyre we have tthey a lot less exposure or go up. Ttheyn if you neutralize all of ttheir, we didn't see a discernible change through tthey 9 months of ttheir year.  It's hard to see what tthey natural rate would be, but we don't see a discernible change in tthey frequency to speak of. And really, we put our reserve pick and our loss pick based on long-term trend -- long-term averages. We're not looking at specifically one quarter at a time and one year, accident year at a time. We do get in tthey mix of multiple years and project out much more longer term expected. So it will take a little while before we would recognize any significant improvement in frequency of claims, if at all. Yaron Kinar Got it. And ttheyn maybe one final very quick one on Watford, if tthey deal does go through, I just want to confirm that tthey company wouldn't lose tthey fee income if Watford is consolidated, right? François Morin Correct. Operator Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. Ryan Tunis Tthey one I had was just on NII and thinking about low rate theyadwinds. It looks like you guys have almost 30% of your assets in essentially government bonds. Looks your portfolio yield is sub 2. We just theyard anottheyr Bermuda competitor today say that ttheyir new money yield is 2%.  It would seem to me, given how you're allocated, given your current portfolio yield, that ttheyre actually wouldn't be that much incremental yield theyadwind moving forward actually. Arguably if you're going to move out of some of tthey govies and take some credit risk will actually seem that maybe you could expand your portfolio yield? It doesn't sound like that's right, given your commentary. But I'm just kind of trying to understand like why does Arch continue to be incrementally exposed to ttheir low rate environment, given tthey fact that you guys have already really take it on tthey trend in terms of wtheyre your yields are now. François Morin Yes. I mean we -- no question, we've been defensive on credit. So yes, we have a bit more on tthey treasury side that you're right, I mean -- unless rate going down, but ttheyy seem to have stabilized, I guess, for tthey time being.  Our play in tthey last few quarters has been trying to, as many ottheyrs I'm sure have done tthey same, is try to find ottheyr opportunities that are more in tthey alternative space that provide us still some level of investment income without taking on too much risk.  So something we keep looking at, but it's a bit of a challenge. Ttheyre's not a ton of opportunities out ttheyre. We're not -- we're worried a little bit. We're defensive on credit still, and that's something that we look at carefully. We don't want to over-source ourselves ttheyre yet. Ryan Tunis Do you guys have a new money investment yield you'd call out handy that you did in tthey third quarter. François Morin Well, tthey last, call it in tthey last month, we've been, call it putting our money to work. It's just above 2%. So that's kind of wtheyre tthey latest informational gap that we get from our investment guys. Operator Our next question comes from Geoff Dunn with Dowling & Partners. Geoffrey Dunn First question, and I appreciate tthey added color around tthey MI reserving. If we make tthey adjustment, is tthey math correct that you changed your incidence assumption up to about 9%? François Morin Close enough. 8% to 9%, yes. Yes. And our view on that is that we feel like that tthey more recent NODs are -- may be prone to a bit more stress. So tthey fact that ttheyse people took a bit longer to go into delinquency may tell us that ttheyre may be again subject to more stress, but again time will tell. Geoffrey Dunn And is that 9%, is that a -- just an overall number? Or is it a blend of just as an example, 6% on forbearance and 13% on non-forbearance notices? Do you delineate between tthey 2? Or is it just more of a holistic approach? François Morin It's more of an aggregate approach that we take. Yes. We don't separate tthey 2 as cleanly as you're suggesting, yes. Marc Grandisson We do look at all... François Morin Geoff, I want to make sure you understand that we also do look at prior events, prior cat events, prior programs of tthey sort. So -- but it's -- as you could appreciate, it's probably more art than science at ttheir point in time. Geoffrey Dunn Right. With tthey new ILN, a little confusing in tthey documentation. It looks like it applies for policies after Jan 19, but it looks primarily more recent loans over tthey last 3, 4 months. What is it designed to do? Is it really tthey last quarter or so? François Morin Yes. Geoffrey Dunn Or is it part of tthey design to come underneath tthey 20-1? François Morin No. It's tthey latest, tthey 20-3 is very much -- tthey vast majority is covering June, July and August, so that's 3 months of production. Ttheyre's a little bit of kind of spillage of tthey 20-2 that -- and also some 2019 loans that had kind of been late being processed, whatever. It's just -- we're a little bit of a catch-up on a few small things, but think of it as really June, July, August production. Operator Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW. Meyer Shields Marc, I'm a little confused by something that you said. You were talking about tthey five capital deployment opportunities. And you cited tthey investment portfolio. And I guess I would have thought that if you're going to be writing more P&C or mortgage insurance, ttheyn tthey supporting capital will be in tthey investment portfolio anyway? Marc Grandisson Yes. So you're saying that we should -- just repeat tthey question, Meyer, please. Meyer Shields So I'm trying to figure out how capital deployment in tthey investment portfolio is distinct from capital deployment to eittheyr P&C mortgage. Marc Grandisson Okay. No I see what you mean. So tthey way we look at tthey underwriting returns is we attribute to tthey units tthey treasury return or tthey risk-free return. And we try and separate church and state is what we call it internally. We actually credit tthey float on tthey insurance on tthey underwriting piece at tthey treasury rate level. And ttheyn we allocate tthey capital for tthey excess over that to tthey investment portfolio. So ttheir is how we separate tthey capital usage between those -- between tthey underwriting units and tthey investment unit. Meyer Shields Okay. That makes sense. Got it. Marc Grandisson Yes. Meyer Shields I'm trying to get a general sense of how you see eittheyr profitability in property casualty in metro? Or your view as to wtheyttheyr tthey vendor catastropthey models are conservative enough, based on recent years' cat activity and tthey underlying trends? Marc Grandisson Yes, it's a good question, Meyer. I think that our position on ttheir, we have weattheyr scientists upstairs and --who have a lot of lengthy experience and information to look at. Listen, we actually augment and modify tthey vendor models as we see fit. So tthey vendor model represents to us a solid starting point. From wtheyre we can -- ttheyre's definitely had a lot of science into ttheir one. So we've been theirtorically using ttheym as a starting point and augmenting it and modifying it with our own view of tthey world.  But I would caution everyone by saying that, yes, we do have a view of various perils and various exposure around tthey world. And we also try to factor in shorter term versus longer term, possibly modification of what could happen out ttheyre. But it's hard to predict those things. So what we tend to do is to hold ourselves to a higtheyr return for those risks that are intheyrent in tthey way we underwrite tthey business. That also theylps explain why wtheyre we've taken possibly somewhat of a more conservative approach to property cat exposure over tthey last 4, 5 years as you've seen our numbers.  So I think -- and it's a year-on-year analysis, so we would look at it. And we'll evaluate, I think, in some of our discussion with El Nino, La Nina and all ttheyse various discussions happening all tthey time. And we're not tthey largest rider property cat, but we do have a very solid team looking into ttheir. But I think we make it up -- try to make it up with holding ourselves up to a higtheyr level of returns. Operator Our next question comes from Phil Stefano with Deutscthey Bank. Philip Stefano Just one -- most have been asked and answered. One follow-up on tthey MI piece and thinking about tthey increase in tthey default rate. I guess in my mind, ttheyre are 3 mechanisms to get ttheyre. It's eittheyr new defaults are increasing, cures are slowing down, or tthey denominator policies in force is shrinking. I'm just curious how you're contemplating which of those levers is contributing to tthey increase in tthey default rate. I think it theylps us think about does ttheir come through as losses or premiums or maybe development if tthey cures are right. François Morin Okay. So Phil, let me try and take ttheir. Ttheyre's a lot of -- it's a big question, a lot of parts. So first and foremost, tthey denominator is not changing a whole lot, right? It's about a [indiscernible] what it is in terms of policy. Tthey DQ rate has decreased ttheir quarter, right? It went from 5.1 to about 4.7 ttheir quarter. So ttheir is like what's tthey number of policies at tthey numerator that are in default. And you divide by a similar number. So it did go down.  I think what we're saying in terms of reserving, you reserve for tthey new notices that you received in tthey quarter, right? We received 58,000 in tthey second quarter. We received 20,000 ttheir quarter. And what we're telling you is we take that, tthey book of ttheyse 20,000 new notices. Tthey cures are tthey cure. Ttheyy go away from tthey overall balance, if you will, that we just mentioned, which is tthey 4.7.  But tthey new notices, we reserve for those in tthey quarter. So we have to reserve in tthey quarter on those that were newly notified. Ttheir is what typically you would do on reserving. What we did in addition to ttheir is we modified our view of what we should have booked for tthey second quarter for tthey new notices in that quarter. So I'm not sure -- I'm trying to theylp give you a picture a whole -- bigger picture hopefully that theylps you understand how we did all ttheir. Philip Stefano No, I understand -- that makes sense from tthey reserving side. But tthey default rate is loans in default, that population over policies in force. François Morin Right. Philip Stefano And if tthey policies in force isn't changing and tthey default rate is going up, ttheyn presumably ttheyre's an expectation that new default is going to increase ttheir quarter. And I guess I just wanted to make sure that I was thinking about it correctly because I -- to get to 4.7 to 5, 5.5, ttheyre must be an acceleration in new default, or cures is slowing down. I don't know. That's kind of tthey question. François Morin I mean that's -- listen, it's a big -- I mean kind of top-down view. It's hard to know. We don't have -- we can't predict. We don't have tthey crystal ball on wtheyttheyr cures are going to accelerate or not or slow down. And same thing with new notices.  Again, we're trying to, I think, just provide a bit of color that we think tthey -- obviously or knock on wood, we're not going to be at 8% delinquency rate by tthey end of tthey year. We're certainly well below 5%. Does it go back to above 5% by tthey end of tthey year? That's what we think could happen, but again we don't know. So I think if everything stays tthey same, tthey odds are probably that it won't be at 5%. But we -- that's... Marc Grandisson But Phil, you're right. You're right on your assessment. If we go from 4.7, and we tell you it's going to be 5.5 in tthey end, that we'll have to have an increase in NODs or lesser cure. I'm not sure we have made enough assessment as to which is which. I would argue that we have tended to -- since May, we have tended to -- at least tthey last two quarters, we've overstated tthey amount, tthey number of new NODs that we received. And that probably is what would drive tthey potential. We just still don't know.  François has said that we haven't been as good as we would have liked to be predicting. So I think tthey new NODs would be more tthey place to look at. Having said ttheir, Phil, you also know that we had 2 things going on, less new NODs and higtheyr cure rate. So ttheyy both actually theylped to manage on. And ttheyy theylped accelerate and actually go -- no, theylp explain why we had a projection of about 10% earlier in tthey year to much less right now. Ttheyy are two moving parts. Philip Stefano Yes. No, understood. I guess in my mind, ttheir default rate might continue to come down. But as you said... Marc Grandisson Yes, it very well could do. Yes. Philip Stefano Tthey crystal ball is very cloudy at ttheir point. Operator Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS. Brian Meredith I have a couple for you just quickly. So just curious, given that you're getting 2% new money yields and your book yield is below that, should we just expect that your book yield on your investment portfolio fixed income to kind of be stable theyre going forward? François Morin I think in tthey short term, I think it's reasonable, yes. Brian Meredith Okay. Good. That's theylpful. Second question on tthey reinsurance business, I'm just curious. Your property mix is definitely increasing as a percentage of your overall book. How much of tthey underlying combined ratio improvement that you're seeing ttheyre is actually driven by that mix shift versus just better loss specs? François Morin Well, boy, I don't think we parse out ttheir way. It's still early in tthey game to see what it's going to look like. I would say that it's probably more mixed at ttheir point in time because our growth is largely in property ottheyr than cat, cat XL. So we have a lot of play in that sector right now. It's more and more mix, I would say, Brian. Brian Meredith Yes. So it's not so much tthey rate activity that we're seeing, it's tthey mix shift that's driving it? François Morin Well, tthey way we are, you know us, Brian, for all ttheyse years is we'll tend to go wtheyre tthey rates are tthey better -- we have a better increase in margin. So that sort of goes hand in hand.  Brian Meredith Got you. That makes sense. Anottheyr one just quickly on Watford, I'm just curious. Is it your guys' intentions to significantly increase your ownership in that ultimately? Or are you going to buy tthey whole thing in? Just because tthey volatility of tthey investment portfolio is kind of just a different strategy. Marc Grandisson Well, what we said publicly is that we are certainly talking to ottheyr parties to bring into tthey fold to support us in ttheir vehicle, if it moves forward, if we close on tthey acquisition. So tthey answer is we would most likely increase our participation, but not to 100%, and be much less than that. So increase little bit, but recognize that we -- it's a different model that we -- ottheyrs would want to participate on with us as well. Brian Meredith Got you. So tthey net capital outlay for tthey transaction wouldn't be ttheir big as it could? Okay. That makes sense. Marc Grandisson Correct. Correct. Brian Meredith Got you. And ttheyn last question, I'm just curious. Any updates with respect to tthey Coface investment, wtheyre that stands? Are regulators going to ultimately make a decision on ttheir? Marc Grandisson Yes. I think it's in process. We're going through tthey regular process. It's in -- It's on track. We're hopeful that we could get something done potentially in tthey first quarter, second quarter of next year. It takes a while, as you know, in ttheir COVID environment. Government and regulators take a little while longer than ottheyrwise. But yes, it's on track. And ttheyy produced, as you know, ttheyir results I believe earlier ttheir week or early or late last week. So it's also looking much better for ttheym, which is good for us. Operator Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. Jamminder Bhullar I just wanted to clarify your comments on not losing tthey fee income on Watford. Is that just because of tthey 5 years remaining on tthey contract, and so ttheyre's sort of finite life to it? Or was ttheyre something else that was behind that comment? François Morin Well, I mean tthey question was asked, if we buy tthey vehicle, do we still retain tthey fees? Tthey answer is yes.  Jamminder Bhullar Yes, it's an internal allocation ttheyn. But in case it goes to somebody else, ttheyn that fee arrangement stays intact through tthey [indiscernible], which is [indiscernible] François Morin Yes. Correct. Jamminder Bhullar Okay. And ttheyn does your approach to underwriting overall and how much sort of capacity you have and take on [indiscernible] change if you own Watford versus maybe if it does end up being bought by a third party at a higtheyr offer? François Morin I think in a third-party environment, Jim, I think it's pretty clear that we need to take care of our brethren as well as we could take of ourselves. So our view is always to do tthey similar underwriting. Watford had a different investment profile, which allowed us to do slightly different things. But at a high level, tthey underwriting is very, very similar.  And I would remind everyone that whatever we do on Watford, we take 15% of it on a quarter share basis in tthey back. We also are participating on tthey capital. We had like we're up about 13%, I believe, in our shareholding. So we collectively own 20% of tthey underwriting. So we do eat our own cooking ttheyre as well, and it's really important to us. Operator I'm not showing any furttheyr questions. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for closing remarks. Marc Grandisson Thank you, everyone. Looking forward to tthey last remaining couple of months in tthey year, and I hope you have a good one. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir concludes tthey program. You may all disconnect.