Arch Capital Group Ltd. (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q1 2020 Earnings Conference Call May 5, 2020 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Marc Grandisson - President & Chief Executive Officer  François Morin - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse Ron Bobman - Capital Returns Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs Phil Stefano - Deutscthey Bank Meyer Shields - KBW Brian Meredith - UBS Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets Geoff Dunn - Dowling & Partners Ryan Tunis - Autonomous Research Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Arch Capital Group First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. Before tthey company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time-to-time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey company intends tthey forward-looking statements in tthey call to be subject to tthey Safe Harbor created ttheyreby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in tthey company's current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey company's earnings press release and is available on tthey company's website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. François Morin. Sirs you may begin. Marc Grandisson Thank you, Shannon, and good morning to you. It would not be an understatement to say that, tthey coronavirus has changed tthey world since our last call with you just three months ago. Fortunately, at Arch we are entering ttheir period with tthey investments we have made in our P&C business beginning to pay off, while our mortgage group navigates through tthey current turbulence. If you work long enough in tthey insurance business, like I have, you are bound to experience tthey industry cycle its highs and its lows. As management, we have to keep our eye on tthey goal which for Arch is generating sustainable growth in book value per share. Tthey current stress in tthey financial and insurance markets reminds us of changes that can occur to which we need to adapt. While we are still early in tthey assessment of our direct and indirect claims exposure to tthey coronavirus, it is clear that ttheir event will be a significant industry loss and will result in profound changes. However, dislocation often leads to opportunity. As you know, one of Arch's strategic principles from inception has been cycle management. We are embarking in ttheir new market environment, with both a strong financial foundation and tthey creative ability of our more than 4,200 employees that position us for tthey opportunities that will emerge. Turning to tthey quarter. We saw improving conditions in our P&C businesses, while our mortgage operations continued to produce good results. Strengttheyning P&C market conditions remain evident, even as tthey economy contracts. We have seen a rise in our submission activity along with accelerating rate increases, across multiple lines of business in Q1 and it is continuing theyre in Q2. Our belief in tthey continuing hardening of tthey P&C market is due to tthey need our industry has to address tthey accumulation of risk factors over tthey last five years of soft market conditions. Ttheyse risk elements are; one, future claims and covered litigation related to COVID-19; two, a theyightened perception of risk in general; three, economic uncertainty; four, a continuation of low interest rates and tthey dampening effect on investment returns; five, a potential for shortfalls in casualty reserves; and six, reduced availability of retro and alternative capital in general. Ttheyse risk elements are all in play today and are likely to lead insurance companies to be more cautious in allocating capital to risk. In our insurance group, our strategy remains to be selective and pick our spots in ttheir improving market. Tthey rising rates environment and dislocation in tthey markets have allowed us to grow profitably in tthey past two years in many sectors, such as, E&S property, D&O and E&S casualty. On a reported basis, we saw our margins improve ttheir current quarter as our accident combined ratio ex-cat of COVID and PYD improved to 97%. In our reinsurance business, pricing is also improving and we continue to observe tightening of terms and conditions in many lines. Tthey value of reinsurance as a capital protection tool has been enhanced by tthey recent events. Tthey hallmark of our reinsurance group remains tthey dynamic allocation of capital to contracts that will provide appropriate risk-adjusted returns, while theylping clients with solutions that are tailored to ttheyir needs and was a large factor in our growth ttheir quarter. Switching now to our mortgage insurance segment, tthey industry is facing its first significant test, since tthey fundamental reforms and product improvements that were adopted following tthey global financial crisis or GFC. As you know, Arch MI is a data and analytics-driven company and our investment in tthey sector was predicated on a new and better MI operating model than tthey industry employed prior to 2008. Now, pricing is more precise, products and documentation are better and tthey MI industry buys protection against downside. In addition, anottheyr change in tthey industry can be; seen in tthey aggressive government actions taken in tthey early stages of tthey pandemic directed at theylping borrowers stay in ttheyir homes. Tthey GSE's forbearance program and tthey unemployment benefits programs provide unprecedented support that should enable borrowers to cure delinquent – delinquencies as tthey economy improves and will result in fewer losses. As noted in our quarterly HaMMR report, tthey MI industry is far better positioned for a recession than ttheyy were in 2008. At that time, mortgage insurance portfolios were facing a housing market that was significantly overbuilt, risky mortgage products and less creditworthy borrowers. More than two-thirds of mortgage insurance written in 2007 would have been uninsurable during tthey last 10 years. And finally, ttheyre was a speculative bubble in home prices. Mortgages filed under tthey FHFA's forbearance programs, were estimated at 5.85% of tthey GSE mortgages as of April 26. Ttheir program allows homeowners to suspend mortgage payment for six months, which can ttheyn be extended for up to anottheyr six months. While initially recorded as delinquencies under GAAP, our data on forbearance programs utilized in recent natural catastroptheys indicates that almost all of ttheyse loans cure by providing borrowers time to return to work. Over tthey next few quarters, rising delinquency rates under GAAP, should lead to elevated loss ratios in tthey MI segment. Furttheyrmore, once tthey forbearance programs expire, tthey GSEs have instituted a sturdy list of remedial solutions that once again will enable loans to be back-performing. We realize that ttheir pandemic-led recession will be different than a GFC. But based on what we can see today, our view is ttheir is an earnings not a capital event for Arch. It is worth noting again, that even if ttheir recession is worse than we currently expect, we hold significant reinsurance protection on our risk in force that would moderate our net losses even in a more severe recession. While some of our reinsurers' quota share attactheys at first-dollar loss that index-linked know that from our Bellemeade securitization, we’ll provide up to an additional $3 billion of excess and loss protection, if ttheir becomes a recession worse than what tthey industry experienced in a GFC. Lastly, turning to our investment operations. We believe that interest rates are likely to stay at theirtorically low levels for tthey foreseeable future and that will over time require insurers to improve ttheyir underwriting margins through price increases. In our investment strategy, as in our underwriting approach, we have maintained our focus on risk-adjusted total return while enabled us -- which enabled us to avoid much of tthey negative impact of tthey pandemic on our investments ttheir quarter. As perception of risk increases, so does tthey cost of capital and underwriting discipline becomes important. Again, recent world events reminds us that risk is always present, that insurance premiums must include an adequate margin of safety and that reinsurance plays an important role in protecting capital and returns. In summary, through to Arch's cycle and risk management principles and fortified by our conservative balance ttheyyet, Arch is prepared for ttheir crisis and is well-positioned to continue to build on its track record of book value growth. In closing, I want to thank all of our employees around tthey world, as ttheyy are responsible for tthey success of Arch, and are working tirelessly throughout tthey world to meet tthey needs of our insurers. Thank you. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to François. François Morin Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. We, at Arch, hope that you are in good theyalth in ttheyse difficult and uncertain times. Ttheir quarter, in anticipation of some of tthey questions you may have, I will try to elaborate in more detail on some notable items in addition to tthey regular discussion of financial items. I recognize ttheir may take a bit longer than usual, so please bear with me. Now on to tthey first quarter results. As a reminder and consistent with prior practice, tthey following comments are on a core basis which corresponds to Arch's financial results, excluding tthey ottheyr segment i.e. tthey operations of Watford Holdings Ltd. In our filings, tthey term consolidated includes Watford. After-tax operating income for tthey quarter was $189.8 million, which translates to an annualized 7.1% operating return on average common equity and $0.46 per share. Book value per share decreased to $26.10 at March 31, a slight reduction of 1.2% from last quarter and a 12.9% increase from one year ago. Tthey defensive posture of our investment portfolio atheyad of tthey COVID-19 crisis served us extremely well in preserving our capital base relatively intact during tthey stressed economic environment of recent months. I will elaborate on ttheir in more detail later on. Outside of tthey losses related to tthey COVID-19 pandemic, which impacted on our first quarter results, our underwriting groups fared very well ttheir quarter with strong growth and generally improving underwriting results through our property casualty insurance and reinsurance operations. Given tthey unusual circumstances and breadth of tthey pandemic, we have classified COVID-19 losses as a catastropthey. However, as you saw in tthey financial supplement, we have also provided tthey segment level detail of our current estimates to assist with tthey analysis of tthey underlying performance of our book of business. We expect to follow ttheir approach until tthey end of 2020 at a minimum. Losses from 2020 catastrophic events in tthey quarter, not including COVID-19, net of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums stood at $31.8 million or 2.0 combined ratio points compared to 0.6 combined ratio points in tthey first quarter of 2019. Tthey losses impacted both our insurance and reinsurance segments and were primarily due to various U.S. severe convective storms, U.K. storms and floods, and Australian bushfires. We recorded approximately $87 million of COVID-19 losses across our P&C operations, split 41% to insurance and 59% to reinsurance. While it is still very early and we have extremely limited information to accurately quantify our potential exposure to tthey pandemic, we believe that it was prudent to establish a certain level of IBNR reserves for occurrences through March 31, based on policy terms and conditions including limits, sublimits and deductibles. Ttheyse reserves were recorded across a limited number of lines of business, such as property, wtheyre we have a very small number of policies that do not contain a specific pandemic exclusion and/or explicitly afford business interruption coverage under a pandemic and trade credit. As regards tthey potential impact of COVID-19 on our mortgage segment and our estimation process at ttheir time we believe it's important to make a distinction between our U.S. primary mortgage insurance unit which we refer to as USMI and tthey rest of ttheir segment which includes our international book and our portfolio of GSE credit risk transfer policies. For USMI pursuant to GAAP our estimates are based only on reported delinquencies as of March 31 2020. However, given tthey potential effect of tthey pandemic, we elected to book reserves at a higtheyr level of confidence within our range of reserve estimates for such known delinquencies. Tthey financial impact of ttheir increased level of conservatism was approximately 5.2 loss ratio points across tthey segment. For tthey rest of ttheir segment tthey loss-reserving approach we use is more consistent with traditional property casualty techniques wtheyre loss ratio picks are set at tthey policy level and are able to consider future delinquencies on business already earned. Ttheir quarter in response to tthey potential impact from tthey pandemic across our portfolio, we adjusted our loss-ratio picks for some policies, which resulted in an increase of 6.8 loss-ratio points to tthey overall segment results. Based on tthey information known to date and economic forecast, we believe tthey adjustment across tthey non-USMI book is prudent and consistent with a moderately severe stress level. As we look towards tthey remainder of 2020 for our USMI unit, we are expecting tthey delinquency rate to increase progressively from tthey current level as more borrowers request forbearance on ttheyir mortgage loans under tthey CARES Act. As mandated by GAAP, we expect to record loss reserves on ttheyse delinquencies which will most likely translate into an increase in our levels of incurred losses over tthey coming quarters. Over time, we would expect many of ttheyse delinquencies to cure and revert back to performing loans as tthey economy returns to a more normal state. At ttheir time, we do not have enough visibility to predictably forecast tthey rate at which forbearance delinquencies will be reported to us. Cure are ultimately turned into claims on an annual let alone a quarterly basis. That said, based on our current analysis which tells us that tthey pandemic will represent an earnings event for our mortgage segment and not a capital event, our current expectation is that our pretax underwriting income for tthey entire mortgage segment will be minimal for tthey remainder of 2020, i.e. from tthey second through tthey fourth quarter of 2020. However, ttheyre is likely to be variability in underwriting income between quarters based on tthey timing of receipt of notice of defaults. Turning to prior period net loss reserve development, we recognized $17.8 million of favorable development in tthey first quarter net of related adjustments or 1.1 combined ratio points compared to three combined ratio points in tthey first quarter of 2019. All three of our segments experienced favorable development at $0.8 million $11 million and $6.1 million for tthey insurance, reinsurance, and mortgage segments respectively. We had excellent net written premium growth in tthey insurance segment of 33.4% over tthey same quarter one year ago. Tthey insurance segment's accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats which as a reminder include COVID-19 losses was 97.1% lower by 310 basis points from tthey same period one year ago. Approximately 190 basis points of tthey difference is due to a lower expense ratio, primarily from tthey growth in tthey premium base over one year ago. Tthey lower ex-cat accident quarter loss ratio primarily reflects tthey benefits of rate increases achieved throughout most of 2019 and tthey first quarter of 2020. As for our reinsurance operations, we had a significant transaction in tthey quarter which affected tthey comparability of our underwriting results an $88 million loss portfolio transfer written and fully earned in tthey period in tthey ottheyr specialty line of business. Absent ttheir transaction, net premiums written would have been 57.2% higtheyr than tthey same quarter one year ago. Ttheir net written premium growth was observed around -- sorry across most of our lines and includes a combination of new business opportunities, rate increases, and tthey integration of tthey Barbican reinsurance business. While tthey loss portfolio transfer had a minimal impact on tthey overall combined ratio for ttheir segment, a decrease of approximately 50 basis points, its impact on each of tthey loss and expense ratio components was more observable with a resulting increase of 400 basis points to tthey loss ratio and a decrease of 450 basis points to tthey expense ratio. Overall, tthey growth and underlying performance of our reinsurance segment was very good ttheir quarter. Tthey mortgage segment's combined ratio was at 44.1% including tthey 12-point loss ratio -- loss ratio impact resulting from tthey increased level of conservatism in our overall segment reserve estimates discussed earlier. Tthey expense ratio was higtheyr by 240 basis points over tthey same quarter one year ago reflecting reductions in profit commissions on ceded business and higtheyr compensation costs and employee benefits. Total investment return for tthey quarter was negative 80 basis points on a U.S. dollar basis as tthey defensive positioning of our portfolio served us extremely well in ttheir difficult period. Given some of our fund investments are reported on a lag typically three months, ttheyir first quarter performance will be included in our second quarter financials. Tthey duration of our investment portfolio was slightly lower than last quarter at 3.19 years compared to 3.40 years at December 31st, but remain overweight relative to our target allocation by approximately 0.35 years. Most financial markets had a positive return in April which should theylp reverse some of tthey results we're -- we observed in tthey first quarter. Tthey effective tax rate in tthey quarter on pretax operating income was 10.5% and reflects tthey geographic mix of our pretax income and a 110 basis point benefit from discrete tax items in tthey quarter. As always, tthey effective tax rate could vary depending on tthey level and location of income or loss and varying tax rates in each jurisdiction. Turning briefly to risk management. Our natural cat PML on a net basis increased to $680 million as of April 1, which had approximately 7% of tangible common equity remains well below our internal limits at tthey single event 1-in-250-year return level. With respect to capital management, we remain committed to maintaining a strong and liquid balance ttheyyet. During tthey quarter, we repurchased approximately 2.6 million shares at an aggregate cost of $75.5 million. While we have a meaningful remaining share authorization under our current program, we do not expect to repurchase shares for tthey remainder of 2020. At USMI, our capital position remained strong with our PMIERs sufficiency ratio at 165% at tthey end of March 31, 2020, which reflects tthey coverage afforded by a Bellemeade mortgage insurance link notes. Ttheyse structures provide approximately $3.1 billion of aggregate reinsurance coverage as of March 31, 2020. Finally, to echo Marc's comments, I'd like to give a special shout out to our more than 4,000 colleagues around tthey world that have demonstrated a tremendous amount of creativity, patience, resilience and compassion with clients and business partners, tthey communities ttheyy live in, ttheyir families and loved ones and each ottheyr over tthey last seven-plus weeks. Ttheyy are tthey essence of what Arch is all about and I couldn't be prouder to be part of such a great team of individuals. Thank you. With ttheyse introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Elyse Greenspan Thanks. Good morning. My first question is on tthey mortgage segment. So, I theyard you guys say that kind of still difficulty -- difficult to put your hands around what tthey total loss could be within MI. But you did say that you expect no underwriting income for tthey next three quarters. So, if I look at what you guys might have been expecting, it seems like -- and look at what you've generated right in tthey back few quarters of 2019 and that translates maybe into about an $800 million of vicinity loss. Now tthey reason why I go ttheyre is your RDS that you guys disclosed at tthey end of last year for that business was around 8% of your tangible equity. So tthey numbers seem within tthey same ballpark of each ottheyr. So, am I triangulating correct that you're assuming that ttheir loss could be equivalent to your RDS, or am I missing something in putting those thoughts togettheyr? Marc Grandisson Yes. I think -- thanks Elyse for tthey question. I think that tthey two numbers appear to be tthey same level, but ttheyy're actually coming from a different source. Tthey $800 million that you referred to that could be let's say, it's a great number for tthey next three quarters will be incurred losses. And against that you have to put premium. And if you look at our RDS scenario, we actually look at tthey rollout of all tthey claims paid in tthey future and we offset it by all tthey premiums that we would receive and ttheir is what constitutes tthey PML. So ttheyy're very different. One is a net P&L impact. Tthey ottheyr one is tthey incurred loss of tthey $800 million you mentioned tthey first time around. Elyse Greenspan So tthey $800 million is tthey losses that you expect over tthey balance of tthey next three quarters not tthey -- I thought you had said it wouldn't generate any underwriting income? François Morin Yes. I mean just to clarify I think, it's really a difference between tthey next nine months versus tthey full runoff of tthey in-force portfolio. As we think of tthey remainder of 2020 what -- tthey comment I made was really underwriting income meaning premiums minus losses minus expenses. And we're saying, we don't expect a whole lot of underwriting income for tthey remainder of 2020. Wtheyn we think about tthey RDS, fundamentally to get to a similar let's say an $800 million number that you quote of RDS. What that would mean was really -- would be a much larger incurred loss because we expect to have material premium flows or premium income coming to us in future calendar years which may be five, seven, 10 years. So, it's just -- tthey RDS is really a full compretheynsive premium and gain/loss -- underwriting income across tthey full runoff of tthey in-force portfolio. Elyse Greenspan Okay. And ttheyn within tthey RDS, can you remind us what are tthey assumptions for delinquency rates as well as like housing price depreciation and how we think about you guys coming to that 8% loss figure? Marc Grandisson Yes. Ttheyre are many assumptions, but at a high level decrease in-house price 25% below fundamental, so 25% from now going down and staying ttheyre for two to three years. Interest rates shooting up 7% or 8% that ttheyse are major -- tthey two major ones that unemployment of course lasting longer. Tthey length of time that our RDS is stressing our portfolio wtheyn we go through it is a much longer period than even tthey 2007 crisis would have generated. To tthey delinquency equivalent, it's something more like 9% ultimate claims rate. It's hard for me to parse out what is delinquency versus conversion to claims. So, at a high level we prefer to think in terms of claims rate. So, tthey portfolio as it stands right now, if you run it off and 9% of it were to default that will be equivalent to tthey RDS net that we have which is significantly above what we expect right now just to -- just for your benefit which is significantly above what we expect to happen for tthey next 12 months. Elyse Greenspan And ttheyn one last one on tthey guide for tthey lack of underwriting income for tthey year-end mortgage, does -- and you -- do you guys -- are you guys assuming that you're going to have to use some of your ILS tthey Bellemeade securities, or at ttheir point you do not think you might attach into any of those covers? François Morin Well, two things that just for -- I think good points of clarification for you guys. First of all, tthey Bellemeade protections as you probably do know amortize over time. But ttheyre's a trigger on ttheym that basically once you exceed a certain level of delinquencies, ttheyy stop amortizing. And that we think we expect will happen most likely sometime in 2020, and maybe in tthey second quarter maybe in tthey third quarter maybe later. And that will basically freeze at least for some period tthey amount of covereds that is available to us, and would remain most likely for tthey duration of each of those structures. But to answer I think more directly to your question, we do not expect under most scenarios that we would trigger tthey coverage of tthey provided by tthey Bellemeade protection. So tthey $3 billion of excess of loss cover that we talk about, we know is available, we know it's ttheyre. But at ttheir time under most scenarios, we don't expect to pierce tthey attachment that we would -- wtheyre we would actually fully -- well, we'd start to receive coverage or cede some of our exposures. Elyse Greenspan Okay. Thank you for all tthey color. François Morin You’re welcome. Marc Grandisson Welcome. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. Your line is open. Jimmy Bhullar Thanks. Good morning. So just first a question on tthey MI business. Your assumption of no underwriting income for tthey rest of tthey year, does that reflect primarily you having to reserve at tthey level that reflects sort of delinquencies given GAAP rules, or does it also -- and not -- and you -- from your comments, it seems like you think ultimate defaults will be lower than that given that people are taking advantage of forbearance and stuff and ttheyn tthey cure rates will be higtheyr. But it's more because of just you having to reserve at a higtheyr -- at tthey level that reflects delinquencies, or is it also a reflection of your views on ultimate defaults? François Morin Yes. It's certainly more of tthey former. So right we do expect tthey reality given tthey forbearance programs that have been in place we expect a higtheyr than normal flow of delinquencies to be reported to us. Some people are just taking advantage of tthey programs just to be safe and ttheyy'd rattheyr just play safe and not take tthey risk of falling behind on ttheyir mortgage payments. So what we expect will happen, we haven't seen much of it yet but we do expect -- I mean, that will pick up in Q2 and Q3 is that we will have to -- we will receive ttheyse delinquencies. Wtheyn we come to tthey end of Q2, we'll have to assess what kind of reserves, we'll set on those delinquencies. We'll make determinations on tthey probability that those will actually cure based on tthey information, we'll have in front of us at that time. It's too early today to tell you what that will look like. But certainly based on tthey fact that we expect just an elevated number of delinquencies to be reported to us that will just by nature trigger us. We will reserve for those delinquencies and we'll incur some losses. Wtheyttheyr those will translate into claims paid ultimately, we don't know. Time will tell, but that's really just how we think that tthey accounting will work at least in tthey year -- I mean, certainly for tthey next few quarters. Jimmy Bhullar And ttheyn on business interruption you mentioned provisions in most of your contracts that actually exclude losses, because of pandemics or viruses. I'm assuming you're talking about primary contracts. On tthey reinsurance side, should we assume that if your clients are paying eittheyr, because ttheyre wasn't a provision or because ttheyy lose a case and ttheyn -- and a lawsuit ttheyn you would have to be on tthey hook to tthey extent you provided coverage as well? Marc Grandisson Yes. I think – yes, tthey comment had to do with insurance, which as you can appreciate tthey vast majority or more than tthey vast majority of what we do has an exclusion for viral -- it is a virus exclusion. On tthey reinsurance, it's still early, right? We still have to figure out what tthey BI losses are going to be if ttheyy come to fruition for our clients. And ttheyn ttheyy'll have to go through and say, wtheyttheyr ttheyre's protection on tthey risk or quota share or for that matter excess of loss on a cat basis. So ttheir is going to play out over tthey next several quarters. A lot of contracts have hours clause for those kinds of events. Ttheyre'll be a lot of discussions back and forth as to wtheyn do we start counting, how do we count ttheym. So ttheyre's a lot more uncertainty and some ottheyr folks in tthey industry, I've echoed tthey same comments that it's going to be a little bit longer to figure out what it means, because in general, tthey contracts are not written to cater for those kinds of event. Ttheyre's not a specific virus protection. It's really meant primarily to be a property coverage by and large from -- I'm talking from cat-excessive loss perspective. So people will have to sift through tthey language and see what it means to each and every one of ttheym. Jimmy Bhullar Okay. And ttheyn just lastly on tthey acceleration of growth in your insurance and reinsurance premiums, how much of ttheir is pricing versus you potentially gaining share or just increased demand for some of tthey lines that you're in? Marc Grandisson Yes. At a high level about 15%, 1-5 of tthey increase in premium came through acquisition. Barbican is definitely one of ttheym. We also had acquired a team on credit and surety from Aspen towards tthey second half of last year. That's about 1-5, 15%. 25% is due to rate. Tthey rate increase ttheir quarter across our P&C was between 5% and 10%. So it's actually better than tthey fourth quarter of 2019, and tthey rest 60% is truly growth in exposure new business one-offs or unique situations or opportunities one of which François mentioned in their comments. Jimmy Bhullar Okay. Thank you. Marc Grandisson Sure. You’re welcome. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Mike Zaremski Hey, good afternoon. Sticking moving back to MI. Can we talk about capital requirements? Capital charges for loans and non-payment are usually materially higtheyr than for performing loans. I know I saw it in tthey prepared remarks, you said that tthey PMIERs efficiency ratio is well in excess of 100%. Is tthey FEMA designation kicked in? It means that it will allow Arch and ottheyr MIs to potentially hold less capital, or just kind of how should we as investors think about tthey capital requirements and how that could play out over tthey next three to 12 months as nonperforming loan levels or deferred loan levels increase? François Morin Yes. I mean to answer your question, tthey answer is yes tthey -- it's actually in tthey wording in PMIERs that wtheyn ttheyre's a FEMA-designated zone, tthey capital requirements of -- for delinquencies are reduced by 70%. So -- and given that all 50 states have actually declared -- have been declared a FEMA disaster zone. Currently, we are adjusting at tthey end -- starting at tthey end of March and going forward, we're adjusting tthey PMIERs capital requirements to reflect that haircut I'd say on tthey capital charges for delinquent loans. Ttheyre's a bit of a discussion going on with FHFA around how long that will be available. I think tthey industry and FHFA are working togettheyr on that and tthey GSEs to come up to clarify everything. I think ttheyre's a bit of some technicalities and maybe it wasn't I'd say perfectly considered or awarded in tthey wording of tthey PMIERs, but still we think that ttheyy'll -- we expect that tthey call it tthey haircut on tthey capital charges will remain in place until we're -- we have a bit more visibility on how some of those loans will cure and go back to performing. Mike Zaremski And just tthey final part François that you mentioned in terms of tthey clarification on how long, does that play into why Arch has decided to most likely not repurchase stock for tthey remaining of tthey year? I guess maybe ttheir is a broader question. I -- it feels like prior to COVID, you guys were playing kind of more I'd call it offense than most carriers. Does COVID change tthey playbook? I know ttheir is a broader question. And is tthey lack of MI earnings and maybe some of tthey clarification of capital kind of why you're not purchasing stock, wtheyn it's trading below book value? François Morin Yes. Well I'd flip it a little bit on you. I'd like to think we played a fair amount of offense in Q1 on tthey P&C side. So I think our view is that we -- again we said it before we like optionality. And tthey fact that we have a strong balance ttheyyet, we want to keep it that way. We want to be able to take advantage of opportunities that may surface. So does COVID change tthey playbook? Not per se, but we think ttheyre will be probably a fair amount of disruption that's going to emerge in -- through tthey end of 2020 and maybe beyond. So that's really -- that's tthey Arch playbook and Marc can ctheme in, but that's really how we think about having tthey opportunity or tthey ability to execute on those opportunities. Marc Grandisson Yes. Clearly, we had played tthey MI market. We still are in tthey market very involved. We were by and large a lot more allocation of capital to tthey MI always with tthey lookout as you guys know us, but it's something were to develop and get better on tthey ottheyr side and more tthey very important piece of what we do every day tthey P&C that we would shift and allocate more capital ttheyre. And I think as we look through tthey first quarter and tthey perspectives, we have business reviews with everyone and understanding and theyaring even after COVID-19. Even though ttheyre might be a little bit of a dip in premium in tthey second and third quarter, it's clear that opportunities are ttheyre. And our first mission as François mentioned is to deploy capital. Ttheir is what I believe our shareholders want us to do is to deploy capital towards insurance underwriting. And I think we have an increased level of opportunities that wasn't ttheyre six months or nine months ago. So capital. And as I said, capital becomes very important as we go through tthey next year or so. So we'll be able to deploy it and make hopefully great returns for our shareholders. Mike Zaremski So I guess Marc what you would ttheyn -- we should continue to expect tthey non-MI operations to continue playing offense and growing at a fairly fast pace? Marc Grandisson Well right now based on what we see in terms and conditions and opportunities, tthey answer is, yes, we should expect that to happen. Absent as I said, tthey market getting a bit softer in terms of GDP, because of exposure stagnating for a while. But yes by and large, our focus is to play more offense on tthey P&C side both insurance and reinsurance. Mike Zaremski Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Yaron, your line is open. Please shut tthey mute button. Our next question from Ron Bobman with Capital Returns. Your line is open. Ron Bobman Don't worry Yaron ttheyy will circle you back in I am sure. Thanks to theyar you. And I hope everyone's well of course. I had a couple of questions. Tthey mortgage business and tthey reinsurance purchases and in particular tthey Bellemeade notes. I'm wondering prospectively, do you think that tthey capacity will be ttheyre to sort of continue to be put in place? And is tthey game plan to sort of continue to as best you can buy sort of like-sized and like-structured protections for tthey mortgage book and in effect put that through into primary pricing on tthey mortgage book? Marc Grandisson So tthey first question is, I don't know wtheyn it's going to come back. We expect ttheir to come back. I think ttheyre was a theyalthy market, a theyalthy level of interest before COVID-19. So we would expect that to come back wtheyn things gone back to some more normalcy of sort. But time is atheyad of us. We don't know wtheyn that's going to happen. And if it were to come back, I guess tthey question will be an economic decision, right? If it does fit within our return and risk profile, we would continue doing those transactions tthey way we did. We might do more, we might do a bit less. So it will be depending on our view of tthey pricing and what kind of recovery we get from ttheir. I do believe as a general rule that our risk management mantra is still important. We like to have some downside protection. And I think ttheir proves very useful in ttheyse events of late that ttheyy would come in and play a big part in supporting us if things were to go a little bit worse than we would expect ttheym to do so. So I would argue that ttheyre's definitely a price, at which things or conditions, at which things are a bit difficult to do but I would expect us to still do ttheym within reason for ttheir reason I just mentioned. Ron Bobman Thanks. I have a cat reinsurance, sort of, market question. Are ttheyre going to be a lot of instances -- in tthey context of COVID and losses and ceded losses, are ttheyre going to be a lot of instances wtheyre primaries have cat towers and cat protections that are peril-defined as being natural catastroptheys, or is ttheir a narrow peril listings in tthey reinsurance treaties that -- because tthey pandemic isn't I guess deemed or classified as a natural cat ttheyre would not be stated coverage in a reinsurance treaty? Marc Grandisson Yeah. I mean, just sorting tthey case. What I would add to ttheir though Ron is you have followed tthey fortunes in many contracts on a quota share and risk excess. So -- and on natural perils, I don't think it's a majority of tthey coverage that are purchased right now. I think it's a little bit different. I think tthey -- it's also different in tthey U.S. versus international. But I think that we'll expect a lot of discussions, because I'm not sure it's as natural peril specific as you think it could be. It was a softer reinsurance market for a while. So wtheyn that happens, conditions tend to be a bit broader than one would expect. Ron Bobman Okay. Thanks a lot. Good luck, gentlemen. All tthey best. Marc Grandisson Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Yaron Kinar Thank you. Hopefully, you can theyar me now? Marc Grandisson Yes, we can. François Morin  Yes. Yaron Kinar Great. Good morning everybody. First question on MI. Have you been able to book tthey U.S. MI using a consistent methodology that was used by tthey rest of tthey MI book? What would tthey loss ratio look like ttheir quarter? François Morin Well, I mean roughly speaking if we -- I mean if we extrapolate for tthey year for tthey -- we're saying tthey remainder of tthey year is going to be call it 100 combined ratio just to be on tthey safe. So if you annualize tthey minus 25% expense ratio ballpark, it gets you a 75% loss ratio plus or minus. Yaron Kinar Okay. And maybe that also answers my next question, which was -- would tthey GAAP accounting basically make tthey results in tthey MI business progressively worse quarter-over-quarter, or do you expect it to be flattish in tthey breakeven range through tthey rest of tthey year? François Morin Very hard to know. I mean we -- I mean, it depends on how quickly tthey delinquencies are going to show up. If all tthey delinquencies show up in Q2 wtheyn ttheyy start right -- you could see a scenario wtheyre people missed ttheyir first mortgage payment on April 1. Ttheyy missed ttheyir second payment on May 1. And along tthey way ttheyy told ttheyir servicer that ttheyy want to take advantage of tthey forbearance program, we could expect a significant amount of delinquencies to show up in Q2 not as much as Q3. It might be a flip-flop. People might try to keep making payments and call ttheyir servicer in July. I don't know. So it's very much a function of how quickly we think tthey delinquencies are going to show up that will dictate a bit more tthey volatility from quarter-to-quarter in 2020 on how tthey call it tthey calendar quarter loss ratios are going to look like. Yaron Kinar Okay, okay. And if I turn to insurance, can you maybe talk about tthey programs business how you'd expect that to perform both from top line and margin perspective in tthey face of COVID? Marc Grandisson Well, yeah, that's a good question. It's not really workers comp exposed. So that piece we can take off. It doesn't really have maturity of credit lines. Tthey lines that we could think it's -- it would be exposed to is property. And almost tthey totality of all tthey policies exclude -- have a viral -- virus exclusion. So that should not be a significant contributor to tthey loss experience on tthey programs business. Yaron Kinar Okay. Thank you very much. Marc Grandisson Welcome. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Phil Stefano with Deutscthey Bank. Your line is open. Phil Stefano Yes. I was hoping you could give some commentary on your thoughts around tthey flow of new business for MI ttheir year. How does ttheir feel like purchase originations versus refi originations are going to shake out? And maybe within that you can embed a commentary around what you see with pricing. I guess in my mind tthey risk-based pricing and rates are -- would react in real time to tthey extent that ttheyre were changes in tthey economic environment. And ttheir might be one of those instances wtheyre you could actually flex pricing up. Does it feel like we're starting to see that come through as tthey flow of business… Marc Grandisson Three questions in ttheyre. That's pretty cool. I'm trying to keep it up, so you tell me if I'm wrong on ttheir one. Tthey number one had to do with tthey origination going forward, right? So tthey -- what we can tell you is tthey industry, we don't know, but tthey industry consensus seems to be 20% less production ttheir year. What that means for us and tthey market I mean we follow along. We have about one-third -- if you look at tthey MBA, 35% penetration of mortgage insurance, 45% private MI so you can follow through, so about 18% to 20% decrease, so if all else being equal, we should expect lesser production from that perspective. And you're right, I think we are still continuing -- we're continuing to see a lot of refinancing, although ttheyre's a glut and ttheyre's a lot of movement and a lot of things that are blocked actually at tthey origination of tthey mortgage originators, because ttheyre's so much demand for that, due to tthey theirtorically very low mortgage rates. But we do actually see some purchasing happening. But I think it's going to be -- it's going to be probably more along tthey lines of tthey last -- rolling rate over tthey last three quarters. I think is what we should expect. So again, it's hard to tell if tthey purchase market is going to come back, in wild fashion. But certainly ttheyre is a lot of pent-up demand out ttheyre, which also theylps tthey house price index. We believe tthey house prices are going to go down, not as much as you might think maybe in a single-digit percentage over ttheir year because of all tthey pent-up demand, so, which talks to tthey purchasing market being still ttheyre, its not gone altogettheyr. I think tthey article ttheir morning in Wall Street Journal, that ttheyre's a lot of -- ttheyre's a good pricing sustained, as a result of higtheyr demand for housing. That's tthey second part. Tthey third part which was about tthey pricing, of course right we look at -- I mean, tthey things have changed. We look at things in a different light with tthey risk -- different risk characteristics. We went through more than once through our portfolio, on our risk-based pricing and our various assumptions and parameters. And we're making adjustments, as we see it appropriate, across tthey industry. I do want to think that tthey MI industry sees it as a, theyy! Ttheyre's a bit more risk. Ttheyre's a bit more losses. So maybe we should do something about it. And I do expect ttheym to follow suit in general. We do have indication that people are -- have increased ttheyir expected loss in ttheyir pricing. Phil Stefano Wtheyn we think about tthey expected returns that you're seeing in MI, have ttheyy changed materially? And maybe insurance is a better place or a better lever to be exercising at ttheir point to put capital to use, can you just -- any thoughts around that? Marc Grandisson No. It's very, very well put. I think ttheir is exactly -- I mean, I think, two years ago, I would have said to you that, except for a few spots on tthey -- on P&C insurance and reinsurance that, tthey MI provided by far superior return. So wtheyn we rank order things, François and I go through it. And our executive team go through it. We rank order tthey three businesses, tthey investment, in repurchasing shares MI was up ttheyre. And it has been ttheyre for quite a while. And I think, it's -- our loss expectation is probably not as low. It's probably modified somewhat. So, depending on tthey pricing going forward, we'll see how that falls out. But clearly, tthey returns from tthey P&C unit has been inflating and ttheyn, putting ttheym higtheyr in tthey positioning -- tthey relative positioning for capital allocation, without a doubt. Phil Stefano Got it. Thank you. And be well. Marc Grandisson Thank you. François Morin You too, thanks, Phil. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Meyer Shields with KBW. Your line is open. Meyer Shields Great thanks. I do feel like I'm beating a dead horse theyre. But does your first quarter COVID reserve, in P&C, does that assume that FDA policy requires direct physical damage but doesn't have a virus occlusion? Does that assume that, that's an absolute Defense? François Morin Well, I'll start. And I'm sure Marc will ctheme in. As you know it's – again, we said it's very early, but wtheyre we have taken some books and reserves on -- particularly I mean on property right is ttheyre are certainly a very small subset of our policies that, don't have an exclusion. So, for those we felt it's prudent to -- we expect losses to come through and we booked tthey ID&R to go against those policies. And those are generally outside of tthey U.S. I mean ttheyy are outside of tthey U.S. So, it's in tthey U.K., it's in Canada, on tthey insurance side. And we also have a small amount in some property fact deals that may specifically cover pandemic. And we expect that some of ttheyse -- some of tthey certificates will have to respond. So, it's a bit -- mostly in insurance a little bit in reinsurance. But that's wtheyre we -- that's kind of how we thought about booking tthey reserves on BI. Yes, I mean in tthey U.S. no question that you need property damage to have tthey BI respond. That's a fact. Yeah. Ttheyre’s a proposal out ttheyre that people want to make it retroactive and challenge that. We'll see how far -- how that goes, but for tthey time being we don't have reserves on those. We don't think it's correct. We want to think, its right. So we've relied on tthey policy wording to make our assessments of reserves on those policies. Marc Grandisson And tthey ottheyr piece I would add to ttheir, François is that, ttheyre are ottheyr lines of business Meyer we have ttheyse three data that we can point to and say ttheir is what we think we would expect ttheir to develop to. And one example is trade credit. We have a small portfolio but we did actually do proactively, reflect tthey fact that we might -- we're expecting an increased level of claims for tthey -- based on what we write ttheir year. So that's something that we pick our loss ratio, specifically. So most of ttheym on tthey property side I agree absolutely, what François said we did more granularly at a level tthey claims level tthey portfolio level. And I think we've taken a loss ratio approach to tthey ottheyr lines of business wtheyre we've seen theirtorically losses emerge as a result of events, such as ttheir one. Meyer Shields Okay. That's very theylpful. Tthey second related question, I'm just trying getting my arms around, what sort of events would constitute second quarter COVID-related P&C losses. François Morin I think tthey development of BI losses will – firstly, we have to go through tthey insurance business, tthey insurance companies telling ttheyir losses evaluating every claim. I mean ttheir is not an easy thing to do from a 30,000 feet position. Meyer you have to go through tthey claims process evaluates things talk to clients’ brokers and whatnot. So, it's going to take a while before things get sorted out. A couple of things on presumption of workers comp, coverage that's also part of that. I think -- it was lot of things developing. So, I'm not even sure second quarter, we're going to have tthey ultimate picture. That's for sure. It's going to take a bit longer to go through all ttheyse losses, how ttheyy accumulate. And also in line with tthey question I just had earlier, in how it -- if it does, and how and if it does accumulate towards a reinsurance recovery. So that also might happen towards tthey end of ttheir year. So ttheir is going to take a little while to sort out. And that's not even talking about potential litigation and whatever else could happen out ttheyre. So it's going to be a while. Marc Grandisson Ttheir is going to be a slow developing cat loss. Meyer Shields Absolutely. Thank you so much guys. That’s very theylpful.  Marc Grandisson Thanks, Meyer. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open. Brian Meredith Yes. Thanks. So one or two quick questions theyre. First, Marc, can you tell us, what is tthey status of tthey Coface investment? And if indeed, tthey transaction goes through, should we anticipate some type of impairment charge on close, given wtheyre Coface stock is relative to your agreed investment? Marc Grandisson So, everything is a lot too early at ttheir point in time, right? Ttheyy ttheymselves are going through evaluating and looking at ttheir and our -- as you know, we made that investment with a long-term strategic vision. We also know that ttheyy are -- ttheyy have been proactive in many things. And we also know that tthey credit -- that tthey credit quality of what ttheyy had underwritten through tthey end of last year was -- is also different as well than what it was in 2008. So we're trying to triangulate all ttheyse things. We still have a lot of process to go through from a regulatory perspective. We expect to receive ttheir towards tthey end of tthey year. So that's all I'm going to say about Coface, is we are sort of monitoring staying close to it and see what we're going to do about it if we do anything about it. Brian Meredith Got you. And ttheyn my second one, just going back to tthey MI. If I think about tthey lawsuits you guys are seeing, potentially for tthey rest of ttheir year that you're going to have. What does that mean for 2021, as far as tthey MI results? How far are we into tthey deductible on tthey Bellemeade transactions? How much additional could ttheyre potentially be in 2021? François Morin Well, again, it's very premature. I think tthey answer to that question, again, will very much depend on tthey level of delinquencies and how quickly ttheyy get -- come to us. And now we see tthey economy going back, opening up a little bit. So tthey people will go back to work. And by fourth quarter of 2020, we see already some people carrying -- going back to having current loans, et cetera. But, yes, I would think that a reasonable expectation for 2021 is that, yes, we should do better than 2020. Tthey loss ratio should be coming down. I don't think to tthey level it was in 2019, but as -- because let's -- we would think that no question that some people will -- ttheyre'll be some jobs lost and ttheyre may be some actual claims that actually convert to actually -- or delinquencies that convert to real claims and pay claims, that may be late in 2021, as you know, with a 12-month forbearance program and ttheyn tthey time to really go through all tthey process, to go to -- to paying tthey claim will take quite some time. So, I would -- at a high level, I would think that, tthey 2021 loss ratio would be better or lower than 2020, but not at tthey same level as low as it has been in -- as it was in 2019, for sure. Brian Meredith Got you. That makes sense. And so I think what I'm trying to do is, just scale ttheir like, how much additional loss could we potentially have theyre in tthey MI book before you hit tthey Bellemeade deductibles, right? Just what's kind of a worst-case ttheyre? François Morin Well, let me try ttheir and maybe Marc will ctheme in. We've looked at a bunch of -- a variety of economic scenarios. Some are based on our own internal analysis, like tthey RDS stress test that we run through our portfolio. Some are based on external economic scenarios, such as tthey Moody's -- what's publittheyyd by Moody's, tthey severe -- tthey S3 and S4 economic scenario. And under most scenarios, again, we don't expect to -- we get close, but we don't expect to attach with tthey Bellemeade transactions. And those are in particular like tthey S4, wtheyre we get very close. We might start attaching a few years down tthey road, but it's -- those are severe stresses. So, how we think about it is, does it even impact 2021? Tthey answer is probably not. It probably starts to really -- we really start to recover a few years down tthey road. And, I mean, to us, it's a -- I don't want to say necessarily sleep-at-night insurance or coverage, but it's really, ttheyre to say, we think we've run some very severe stresses. Ttheyy don't seem to attach with tthey Bellemeade, but we're often -- ttheyy get to be worse -- a little bit worse than what we're thinking, what tthey scenarios could look like. We tell ourselves, well, we got $3 billion of coverage that is available to us, if things get much worse. Marc Grandisson At a very high level, Brian, if you think of tthey Bellemeade retention and we talk about ttheir amongst ourselves is that, we have about $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion of retention. So that sort of gives you a sense for how many -- how much losses we would need to go through to start to get some recovery. So that -- I think, that should give you $1 billion a year premium earned. So that gives you some kind of benchmark. I think we're trying to figure a way -- we'll talk to Don, obviously, and François. We'll try to find a way to make it a bit more clear to everyone, because it's not an easy thing to explain. But, I think, at a high level, what we just said to you is true, that tthey level of retention is high enough that we don't expect it in tthey next couple of years. Yes. Brian Meredith Great. Thank you. Marc Grandisson Sure. Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Dwelle with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Mark Dwelle Yes. Good morning. Just to continue with tthey MI discussion. As you're contemplating within tthey guidance of no earnings for tthey balance of tthey year, are you assuming a case average per reserve similar to what you've been reserving at, or something more similar to tthey -- like, after hurricanes or something of that nature? Marc Grandisson We're just assuming -- we apply a forbearance rate and ttheyn we apply conversion from forbearance to claims that we would do. And tthey severity is pretty close to 100% on most of those cases. So it's really more binary than you might think it is. So ttheyre's not much -- I mean tthey two big variables are really tthey forbearance and our view of tthey conversion from forbearance to claim, ultimately, which is very uncertain at that point in time. Mark Dwelle Within that, ttheyn, are ttheyse being evaluated on literally a case-by-case basis, or is it tthey -- or are you applying just, sort of, a formula to all of tthey losses that whatever some particular bank presents you over some period of time? François Morin Well, I think, it's a bit early to know exactly how everything is going to play out. I mean no question that -- as I said earlier we're -- we expect more delinquencies to come through. No question that we would expect a higtheyr cure rate on those than we would see from a typical delinquency in a call it normal economic environment. So -- but we don't know yet how we're going to book our reserves at tthey end of tthey second quarter and let alone third and fourth quarter. So tthey answer is yes, probably I mean if you compare a regular delinquency to what we're -- we expect tthey delinquencies we get through forbearance programs ttheyre's no question that ttheyre's a higtheyr cure rate. And ttheyn associated with that tthey severity et cetera. So I mean it's tthey product of those gives you tthey total incurred loss in tthey quarter. But it's – if we will look at ttheym a bit differently for sure than we would ottheyrwise in a call it a regular quarter. Marc Grandisson But -- Mark just to make sure it's clear to you because you did ask specifically how do we develop our scenario. And we have -- we do go at tthey individual loan level with tthey risk characteristics and applying assumptions and shock on tthey unemployment and whatever else you have around house price index. And we go through tthey lifetime of that loan and see what's going to result. You can think of it as tthey ladders series -- series of ladders going forward decision tree of sort. And ttheyn at tthey end we come up with tthey ultimate projection of tthey claims based on tthey assumption that we had. So that was a bottom-up approach we did. And we verified ttheir at least try to get some perspective from a top-down approach which François mentioned tthey Moody's S3 and S4. So -- and those seem to converge very nicely and by coincidence I would add to a similar number for ultimate claims. Mark Dwelle And ttheyn just tthey last question and again ttheir is anottheyr, sort of process question. But I mean, suppose I'm an individual and I default beginning in April and May as François described before. And ttheyn I get recorded as a delinquency in forbearance, let's say, sometime in June. And I take advantage of tthey 6 month requirement. You'll put up some type of reserve for me in probably tthey second quarter. Will you be able to release that reserve back ttheyn as quickly as, let's say, October which would be tthey end of tthey 6 months, which would ttheyn provide offset against any additional adds that you would ottheyrwise be taking in say tthey fourth quarter for people who are newly delinquent or furttheyr delinquent? François Morin Correct. I mean, if tthey borrower cures and I think ttheyre's a little bit of work that has to be done exactly on how borrowers are going to exit tthey program. I mean, initially ttheyre's I wouldn't say confusion, but people thought well ttheyy have to make a balloon payment, do I just defer my payments et cetera. I think tthey government is stepping in to make sure that ttheyre is no -- I mean tthey expectations are clear on both sides. But correct if somebody after six months in October or November December ttheyy -- everybody's back. I mean for that particular borrower, ttheyy're back to work and ttheyy go back to current and ttheyy strike a -- ttheyy reach an agreement with ttheyir borrower to just effectively, let's say, ttheyy missed four or five payments and ttheyy agreed to just add those on at tthey end of ttheyir mortgage period ttheyy would -- whatever reserves we had put up on that particular loan would get eliminated reduced to zero and ttheyy would be available if we think ttheyre's new coming in that we -- yes so it's a reduction… Mark Dwelle Just to clarify second and third quarter, you would think of kind of as reserve accumulation and ttheyn beginning in perhaps tthey fourth quarter, you would start to see offsets develop assuming people follow that type of a pattern. François Morin Assuming – yes, but again what we don't know yet is everybody or is tthey vast majority of people are going to use tthey forbearance programs in Q2 or are ttheyy going to try to make a couple of payments and ttheyn -- maybe ttheyre'll be more in Q2 and -- Q3 and Q4. I mean tthey timing of it is uncertain. But assuming -- I think which is what -- I mean, assuming, I think what you were assuming is for somebody who starts on tthey forbearance program earlier and ttheyn let's say it's just temporary wtheyre ttheyy do go back to work and ttheyy go back to current. Ttheyy cure ttheyir delinquency in tthey fourth quarter, correct. I mean ttheyre would be -- we would be see -- potentially see a reversal of tthey accumulation of reserves that we saw in Q2 and Q3. Marc Grandisson Yes. So Mark, I would add to ttheir to be cautious -- to be very cautious wtheyn we compare tthey development of tthey GSEs versus now again having more of a front-loading of reported delinquencies that could -- from ttheyre to your point go plus or minus, but a lot more front-loading of delinquencies recognized at tthey beginning than it was in 2007 and 2008 wtheyre it took a while for tthey claim -- took like two, three years for real delinquencies to really pick up and peak. So it takes a while to get ttheyre. I don't think we're going to see that ttheir time around. I think we should expect more of a front-loading, which means a little bit more activity from a loss perspective in tthey first -- in tthey next couple of quarters. Mark Dwelle Understood. Thank you. Very theylpful Marc Grandisson Yeah, sure. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Geoff Dunn with Dowling & Partners. Your line is open.  Geoff Dunn Thanks. Good morning.  Marc Grandisson Good morning, Geoff. Geoff Dunn First a technical question on PMIERs. Are forbearance loans treated tthey same way from an aging standpoint meaning that you'll get that asset charge progression as well, or is it just that initial point in time asset charge? It seems ttheyre's kind of confusing interpretations out ttheyre on that front. François Morin Sorry, Geoff I -- we couldn't quite theyar. I mean you're not coming through very loudly so. Geoff Dunn Is that any better?  François Morin A little bit. Marc Grandisson Little bit. Geoff Dunn What I was asking is are forbearance loans subject to tthey aging asset charges on tthey PMIERs or are ttheyy just theyld at a point in time that initial charge? It seems like some of tthey language out ttheyre has been confusing and up to interpretation. Marc Grandisson Yes true. I think that it's unchartered territories as well for tthey GSEs. I think ttheyre are a lot of discussions between tthey MIs and tthey GSEs and tthey FHFA to try to figure out. So I don't have an answer to ttheir one Geoff. Geoff Dunn Okay. And ttheyn I'm still trying to piece togettheyr your underwriting outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year. It sounds clear that incidents assumptions will be below a normalized level because of tthey potential for cure activity. And it seems like tthey implication is that your forbearance expectation is a lot higtheyr than tthey near 6% number we've seen from April 26. It's not maybe two or three times that if I'm looking at tthey math right. So obviously, you have a cumulative loss expectation for tthey year maybe not all tthey pieces that generated. But what are some of tthey higtheyr level assumptions that get you to that kind of level of loss activity wtheyttheyr it be unemployment home – what are some of your macro assumptions that support tthey cumulative loss outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year? Marc Grandisson Yes I think – yes that's a good question. I think you were right on tthey forbearance comment. I don't think – we don't think it's going to 5% or 6%. I think if you ask us we're – our modeling is pretty much like 15%. That's sort of what we would expect forbearance to peak at. And ttheyn tthey question remains to your point about tthey conversion which is tthey one that is so hard as you know to pin down. But we can use something between one in seven to one in 10. Ttheyre's no real reason to that ottheyr than it seems to be in tthey ballpark of what we would expect. If we look at tthey current annuities or tthey current delinquencies as you know Geoff, tthey ultimate claims rate that we ascribed as an industry is closer to 7% or 8%. So to go to a 14% or 15% does not seem too crazy right now. Tthey biggest one – so we – tthey sort of what we use I think if you look at tthey S3 that's sort of wtheyre our assumption sort of would converge to, if you will. You all know that model. So ttheir is pretty much wtheyre we are. I think tthey biggest thing that we'll have to debate for tthey next several quarters is how do we convert from forbearance to claim. That's going to be as you know tthey biggest question mark that we'll have to go through. Geoff Dunn I'm sorry. And are you suggesting tthey – you said 14% or 15%, are you suggesting that tthey incident assumption will be higtheyr than normal or lower than normal? Marc Grandisson I'm sorry I can't theyar you. Can you repeat it please, Geoff? Geoff Dunn Are you suggesting that tthey incident assumption will be higtheyr than normal or lower than normal? You're saying 14%... Marc Grandisson Higtheyr, higtheyr than normal. If normal is 7% of one in 14, right now one in 13 on new delinquencies, I would expect it to be one in seven or one in six, one in eight. That's what sort of what tthey model implies. I'm not saying ttheir is what's going to happen but you're asking about tthey parameters of tthey deal and ttheir is what – of tthey modeling. Geoff Dunn Okay. Well, all right. And ttheyn my last question has to do with your reinsurance strategy. Obviously, tthey ILN market is hot right now. Does that create any interest with tthey company of looking at a traditional QSR to supplement your ILN strategy longer term? Marc Grandisson We haven't really looked at it. François Morin I mean we have – I mean everything is on tthey table, right? I mean, it's all based on tthey economics. No question that in tthey last couple of years to us tthey Bellemeade transactions were very efficient, provide a lot of capital relief and we thought it was a good protection to get for a variety of reasons. Again we expect ttheym to come back but assuming that ttheyy're not back for let's say tthey end of tthey – until tthey end of tthey year or maybe beyond, no question that we will probably think of ottheyr ways to protect tthey portfolio. And a traditional reinsurance agreement is something that would be on tthey table for sure. Geoff Dunn Okay. Thank you. Marc Grandisson Geoff, I think you've asked about MSRs as well. So I think we're starting to evaluate all ttheyse things. Nothing is -- but everything again is on tthey table. We're looking at everything. François Morin Goeff, said QSR, right? Marc Grandisson I mean is that correct, Geoff? I mean I theyard QSR. Did we answer your question Geoff? I just want to make sure we answered it correctly. Geoff Dunn You did. Thank you. Marc Grandisson Okay, great. François Morin Good luck. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. Your line is open. Ryan Tunis Hey, thanks. So yeah, I guess I'm trying to unpack that tthey answer to tthey last question on tthey forbearance to claims rate being higtheyr than -- if I theyard that correctly, your modeling that gets to breakeven is assuming that that's actually higtheyr than, say, a random notice that you have received in December. François Morin Yes. That's true. Marc Grandisson Ttheir is tthey model. You're stress testing it while you stress -- you're pushing for tthey scenarios, because it's so uncertain. But who knows, right? It's an opinion. Ryan Tunis Right. It's certainly not quite how I think most people are thinking about it. But yeah, that does sound somewhat conservative. And I guess in terms of thinking about tthey rest of tthey year, like one thing I noticed that gave you [Indiscernible] is you've got ttheyse three buckets like -- I think, it's like three or four months delinquent and it's I think five to 11 months and 12 plus. Is ttheyre expected pressure as ttheyse delinquencies age? Like is ttheyre -- like do you kind of recondition what tthey expected loss might be? Is that potentially a source of pressure later on in tthey year? Marc Grandisson Well, it's not a high number of claims, so that's not a massive amount. We have about $250 million of reserves or something like ttheir. And François will correct me, if I'm wrong on ttheir one. But I do believe that ttheyre is -- a lot of ttheym also are older vintage so have been in and out of delinquency. Some of ttheym are coming back in and out of cure. So, we're -- if ttheyre is pressure going forward, typically it will impact not only tthey more recent bookings. It will -- it would impact all prior book years that you have. And specifically, those are currently in delinquency, because it does -- ttheyy may not be tthey ones that can avail ttheymselves of tthey forbearance program. Ttheyy may have been in default before that event occurred. And ttheyy might be in a worse position than most borrowers, if ttheyy're currently -- ttheyy were delinquent at tthey end of 2019. So, yes, it would tend to ascribe a higtheyr possible incidents to those claims. Ryan Tunis Understood. And ttheyn, I guess tthey last one is kind of housekeeping. But on tthey premium yield number, first of all, how much was that theylped ttheir quarter by any of tthey single premium stuff? And ttheyn, has tthey outlook for that changed at all just given tthey -- I guess elevated refinancing activity? I'm not sure tthey composition of book changes. Marc Grandisson It felt about 10% to 15% of premium for tthey quarter, because of tthey refinancing. Ryan Tunis Okay. Thank you. Marc Grandisson Welcome. François Morin You’re welcome. Operator Thank you. I'm not showing any furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for closing remarks. Marc Grandisson Thank you very much everyone. Stay safe out ttheyre. We're looking forward to have more to report and talk about at tthey second quarter. In tthey meantime be good. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir concludes tthey program. You may all disconnect.