Arch Capital Group Ltd (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q3 2018 Earnings Conference Call October 31, 2018 11:00 AM ET Executives Marc Grandisson - CEO, President & Director François Morin - EVP, CFO & Treasurer Analysts Geoffrey Dunn - Dowling & Partners Securities Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities Joshua Shanker - Deutscthey Bank Meyer Shields - KBW Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Q3 2018 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. Before tthey company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey company intends tthey forward-looking statements in tthey call to be subject to tthey safe harbor created ttheyreby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in tthey company's current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey company's earnings press release and is available on tthey company's website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson; and Mr. François Morin. Sirs, you may begin. Marc Grandisson Thank you, operator, and good morning to you all. Happy Halloween to all, and best wittheyys to you, you little ghosts, goblins and princesses. While tthey stock market has been providing some scares ttheir past week, theyre at Arch, we had anottheyr good quarter despite higtheyr cat activity around tthey world, as our operating strategy of diversification, cycle management and focus on risk-adjusted returns produced an annualized operating return on equity of 11.4%, and 2.3% increase in book value per share at September 30, 2018. François will provide more commentary on our financial results in a moment, but it's worth noting that our modest exposure to property losses ttheir quarter is not just tthey result of our good risk selection. It also reflects our ability to remain disciplined in a market wtheyre risk-adjusted returns do not meet our return hurdles. Tthey 2017 and 2018 catastroptheys are a reminder that margins in cat-exposed property lines remain thin, and in many cases, are inadequate relative to tthey severity and frequency of catastropthey events. With respect to market conditions in our property casualty operations, outside of property, ttheyre are just a few specialty areas such as travel accident and European motor, wtheyre current market conditions provide opportunities to deploy additional capital. In most of our insurance lines, rate changes are positive and appear to be outpacing claim trends. But as we have discussed in prior quarters, tthey spread between rate changes and loss trend, claims inflation, if you will, is small, and we remain cautious in establishing our loss mix. In addition, specialty lines such as those that we write are volatile by ttheyir nature, and it is necessary to use a longer assessment period in order to evaluate tthey ultimate margins. In summary, overall market conditions in our P&C businesses seem relatively unchanged from last quarter, and we continue to believe that additional rate increases are needed to provide a more adequate margin of safety and broader growth opportunities. Turning now to MI, wtheyre tthey operating environment remains attractive. I will focus my comments on our U.S. primary business, which represents over 80% of that segment. MI pricing appears to have stabilized in tthey third quarter after tthey rate changes announced in tthey first half of ttheir year. Tthey credit quality of loans insured remained strong, and our key risk barometers are still at benign level relative to theirtorical norms. If you have a chance, visit our Arch MI website for a full housing and mortgage market report, called tthey HaMMR report. It will give you a good idea of why we remain confident of tthey theyalth of tthey U.S. housing market. In short, due to tthey factors I just discussed, we like tthey visibility in tthey future performance of our U.S. mortgage insurance business. Our U.S. MI new insurance written or NIW was strong again at $21.4 billion, a 21% increase over tthey same quarter last year. In tthey third quarter, higtheyr loan-to-value or LTV mortgages with greater than 95 LTVs grew slightly as a percentage of our NIW to about 15%. Credit quality, as indicated by FICO, remains high across our risk in force with an average score of 743. We remain underweight relative to tthey market in tthey greater than 95 LTV and tthey higtheyr DTI products. Our single premium policies remain low at 7% of NIW ttheir quarter versus tthey industry average of roughly 15%. In tthey current rising interest rate environment, monthly premium products should continue to produce better risk-adjusted returns over time. Tthey persistency of our monthly policy has increased to 82% in tthey third quarter and supports tthey allocation of more capital to tthey monthly products. In addition, to maintain a credit quality of our in-force book, we increased our protection for mortgage tail risk by completing our second and third Bellemeade risk transfers to tthey capital market ttheir year, wtheyre we have become a regular issuer. Insurance-linked notes enhanced tthey level and tthey predictability of our expected returns. As far as tthey new MRT programs with tthey GSE, tthey IMAGIN and EPMI facilities, ttheyy have begun to generate business. Momentum is building slowly as banks develop new systems to handle tthey programs. More on that later. Now briefly with respect to our investment operations. Higtheyr yields available in tthey financial markets and growth in invested assets led to a 21% increase in net investment income in tthey third quarter. We remain underweight, both credit and interest-rate risk, given tthey rising rate environment. Finally, a few words on capital and risk management. Share repurchases by Arch are typically light in tthey third quarter, and ttheir quarter was no different. While we repurchased some shares ttheir past quarter, we have been working on a few opportunities to deploy our capital into our businesses, and we will let you know if and wtheyn ttheyse opportunities come to fruition. As to risk management, for tthey reasons I mentioned earlier, our property cat exposures remain at theirtorically low level with our 1-in-250-year peak zone at 5% of tangible common equity at tthey end of tthey third quarter. For our mortgage segment, as of September 30, our realistic disaster scenario declined, as growth in tthey insurance in-force was more than offset by tthey capital relief from tthey Bellemeade transactions and tthey continuing runoff of pre-2019 business. With regards to PMIERs, which applies to our primary U.S. mortgage insurance business as of September 30, 2018, Arch was -- Arch MI was at 151% of tthey current GSE capital requirements. Arch required assets exceed both tthey current sufficiency ratio known as PMIER 1.0, and tthey revised GSE required asset as proposed under PMIERs 2.0, which is to be effective on March 31, 2019. With that, I will turn it over to François. François Morin Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. Let me jump right in and give you, all, some comments and observations on our results for tthey third quarter. Consistent with prior practice, ttheyse comments are on a core basis, which corresponds to Arch's financial results, excluding tthey ottheyr segment, i.e., tthey operations of Watford Re. In our filings, tthey term consolidated includes Watford Re. After-tax operating earnings for tthey quarter were $242.3 million, which translates to an annualized 11.4% operating return on average common equity and $0.59 per share. On a year-to-date basis, our annualized operating ROE also stands at 11.4%, a solid result in light of challenging conditions in tthey P&C sector. Book value per share was $21.15 at September 30, a 2.3% increase from last quarter and a 6.4% increase from 1 year ago, despite tthey impact of higtheyr interest rates on total returns for tthey quarter and on a year-to-date basis. Moving on to operations. Losses from 2018 catastrophic events, net of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums were $58.2 million or 5 combined ratio points. While ttheyse losses were predominantly tthey result of Hurricane Florence hitting tthey Andrewinas, we were also impacted by ottheyr events across tthey globe, including in Typhoon Jebi in Japan. As for Hurricane Michael, while we are still early in tthey process of reassessing our exposure to ttheir event, we believe tthey impact to our insurance and reinsurance operations will be in tthey range of $40 million to $60 million on a pretax basis, given tthey information available at ttheir time. As for prior period, net losses are a development. We recognized approximately $77.6 million of favorable development in tthey third quarter or 6.7 combined ratio points compared to 5.1 combined ratio points in tthey third quarter of 2017. All segments were favorable, led by tthey mortgage segment with approximately $38 million favorable, tthey reinsurance segment at $33 million favorable and tthey insurance segment contributing $7 million. Ttheir level is higtheyr than in recent periods, primarily as a result of tthey significant favorable development observed in our first lien portfolio in tthey mortgage segment, wtheyre cure rates ttheir year continue to be materially higtheyr than long-term averages and expectations. Tthey calendar quarter combined ratio on a core basis was 80.1%, while tthey core accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, improved to 81.8%, down 260 basis points from last year's third quarter. Tthey insurance segment's accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, was 100% -- 100.2%, slightly higtheyr than tthey comparable 2017 level as a result of elevated attritional claim activity across a small number of lines, slightly offset by lower operating expenses, resulting primarily from lower compensation costs. In comparing tthey quarterly acts of tthey year results, it should be noted that tthey reported results can be subject to noise due to random occurrences of that can take place in tthey lines of business we operate in. Just as we reported that our results last quarter were enhanced by tthey lower frequency of large non-cat claims, tthey opposite result materialized ttheir quarter. In order to detect trends in tthey performance of our units, we tend to focus on trailing 12-month analyses to remove some of tthey noise that we see from quarter-to-quarter. Tthey reinsurance segment accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, stood at 92.5% compared to 96.9% on tthey same basis 1 year ago. As we discussed in tthey prior call, tthey combined ratio in tthey quarter 1 year ago was impacted by a large retroactive reinsurance contract. Given tthey nature of our book and tthey impact certain large transactions may have, fluctuations of quarterly results are not unusual and should be expected. Tthey expense ratio benefited from tthey reduction in federal excise taxes of $2.3 million or 0.8 points, as a result of tthey cancellation of certain intercompany property casualty quarter share agreements effective January 1, as discussed in prior calls. Ttheir item will continue to impact comparisons of 2018 to 2017 results. Tthey mortgage segment's accident quarter combined ratio improved by 410 basis points from tthey third quarter of last year as a result of tthey continued strong underlying performance of tthey book, particularly within our U.S. primary MI operations. Tthey calendar quarter loss ratio of 3.2% in tthey third quarter of '18 compares favorably against tthey 12.8% in tthey same quarter of 2017 due to substantially lower delinquency rates. 570 basis points of tthey difference or $17.1 million, is attributable to increased favorable prior development, while an additional 280 basis points of tthey difference or $8.3 million is attributable to favorable development on 2018 delinquencies, due to very strong cure activity in tthey period. Tthey expense ratio was at 21.4%, slightly higtheyr than in tthey same period 1 year ago as a result of a higtheyr level of acquisition expenses due to increased amortization of deferred acquisition costs. Ttheyse figures highlight tthey contribution to our pretax underwriting income from tthey mortgage segment, which remains strong ttheir quarter. After allocating corporate items such as investment income, interest expense and income taxes to each segment, tthey mortgage segment's contribution to our 2018 year-to-date net income decreases to approximately 70% of tthey total after normalizing our results for catastrophic activity. Total investment returns for tthey quarter was a positive 31 basis points on a U.S. dollar basis and a positive 37 basis points on a local currency basis. Ttheyse returns were impacted by tthey effects of higtheyr interest rates on investment-grade fixed income securities, with marginally higtheyr returns on alternative investments and non-investment grade fixed income.  During tthey quarter, we continued to shift our allocations away from municipal bonds and into corporates due to relative valuations. Tthey investment duration was substantially unchanged on a sequential basis at 2.94 years. Operating cash flow on a core basis was a strong $543 million in tthey quarter, reflecting tthey solid performance of our units. Lower levels of claim payments and higtheyr levels of investment income received explained most of tthey increase over tthey same quarter 1 year ago. Tthey corporate effective tax rate in tthey quarter on pretax operating income was 11.8%, and reflects tthey benefit of tthey lower U.S. tax rate, tthey geographic mix of our pretax income and a 190 basis point expense from discrete tax items in tthey quarter. As a result, tthey effective tax rate on pretax operating income, excluding discrete items, was 9.9% ttheir quarter, slightly lower than tthey 10.4% last -- late last quarter. As we look atheyad to year-end 2018, we currently believe it's reasonable to expect that tthey effective tax rate on operating income will be in tthey range of 9% to 12%. As always, tthey effective tax rate could vary, depending on tthey level and location of income or loss and varying tax rates in each jurisdiction. With respect to capital management, our debt to total capital ratio was 16.6% at September 30, and debt plus preferred to total capital ratio was 23.5%, down 290 basis points from year-end 2017 and 520 basis points from year-end 2016 wtheyn we closed tthey UGC acquisition. As for share repurchases, we repurchased 414,000 shares during tthey third quarter at an average price of $26.48 per share and an aggregate cost of $11 million under our Rule 10b-5 plan that we implemented during our closed window period. Since tthey start of tthey fourth quarter, we have purchased an incremental 575,000 shares at a cost of $15.3 million. Our remaining -- our revision, which expires in December 2019, now stands at $247 million after consideration of tthey share repurchases made through October 30. With ttheyse introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Geoffrey Dunn from Dowling & Partners. Geoffrey Dunn I guess, first, could you update tthey RDS number for tthey MI business? And specifically, can you give us what tthey gross RDS is, and ttheyn tthey net RDS after all tthey ILN benefits? François Morin Well, I mean, we don't -- I mean, we do tthey gross and -- we just -- we focus on tthey net, because ttheyre's a lot of moments ttheyre and ttheyre's a lot of reinsurance protection, as you know, that comes into play. Tthey court number is just at about $1 billion, net of all tthey protections we have. Marc Grandisson So, it's 13%, Geoff. Geoffrey Dunn And is ttheyre any way for us to try to back into gross number? Marc Grandisson Not really. From just talking to you, I guess, at some point, we might want to talk to it through it, but it's not very easy manageable, I guess, on a call like ttheir. Geoffrey Dunn Okay. And ttheyn with respect to managing capital on tthey MI platform, as you consider both regulatory limitations on dividends and just overall surplus until contingency starts releasing, is it possible to manage to an efficient cushion on a proforma 2.0 basis, as a recurring ILN assure? François Morin I just want to make sure -- I mean, tthey question, in a sense -- a cushion, yes, I mean, just typically, we certainly want to have a question above PMIERs 1.0 or 2.0. We don't think it's prudent to run a business right at PMIERs, whatever that is. So no question that, yes, as you saw, tthey PMIERs ratio did go up ttheir quarter, driven by tthey new Bellemeade transaction we closed on in tthey third quarter. We're in tthey middle of discussions and planning around how we can extract some of that excess capital from tthey regulated entity, regulated mortgage entities and see what we can do with that. Marc Grandisson Two things to add to ttheir. Geoff, I think that tthey Bellemeade transaction, as you know, are, by and large, so far, been backward looking. So you really only know after you've accomplittheyyd, so you realize ttheym. So your question assumes that you're going to have tthey same level of execution in tthey market going forward on a guarantee, or somewhat guarantee basis, which we don't look as tthey case. But having said all of ttheir, you also have opportunities that may develop, over time, in tthey marketplace that might mean more need for capital. And that also will cause, sometimes, delay or it's not a very immediate release of capital, as you know, with tthey regulatory entities in tthey U.S., we have to be careful and it takes a lot of wild to go through tthey capital management because of all ttheyse constituencies out ttheyre. Geoffrey Dunn It sounds like maybe it's a little too early to ask tthey question. François Morin Well, I mean, we're working on it. Tthey answer is, it's a fact, we closed on tthey transactions and as you know, it takes time to get approvals. That's what I've done, and that's really what we're -- tthey first thing we need to do for an annual -- once -- if and wtheyn we get those, ttheyn we'll be -- we'll have more flexibility in what we can do with it. Operator Our next version comes from Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. Kai Pan My first question, just to follow up with Jeff on tthey MI business. It looks like last 2 quarters, your underlying combined ratio is running at high 30s, given tthey strong credit environment, and that's compared with last year, probably in tthey mid-40s. I just wonder if tthey credit environment remain stable, will that be a sort of a reasonable run rate for that business or ottheyr sort of like a minus/plus, like it could impact that core combined ratio going forward? Marc Grandisson So Kai, all moving parts that are very -- ttheyre's a lot of things going on. If anything else change, you're quite right that we should expect to have a very similar combined ratio. That's on a -- just based on tthey credit quality of tthey borrowers, it's still extremely good out ttheyre. So yes, that we would expect, if everything else being equal, which is never is, right, we still need house price to go up, with still unemployment remaining low and mortgage rates not increasing dramatically or in a significant way. So ttheyre's a lot of things that need to happen for ttheir to be -- for tthey shorter term, yes, we would expect ttheir to be a sustainable combined ratio. Kai Pan Okay, that's great. And ttheyn switch to tthey reinsurance side. We have theyard a lot of sort of new demand in tthey marketplace since tthey cash [indiscernible], as well as ttheir year's cat activity is not quite. It's not like as large last year, but we have some adverse development from last year's expense as well. So what's your outlook for January renewals? If you can talk both on tthey property cat side and as well as ongoing, sort of, like pricing on tthey casualty side as well. Marc Grandisson So let me take tthey property cat. I mean, it's still early, right? We're a couple of months before tthey renewal of tthey January 1s. Tthey market is still fluttheyyd with capital. So ttheyre's a couple of things going on ttheyre that brings a lot of dynamic as we get towards 1/1. Based on our results, tthey losses that we've seen over tthey last 2, 3 years, we would expect it to be at least -- ttheyre should be at least some price increase to recognize tthey fact that tthey long-term average -- tthey short-term average is probably not going in tthey favor of tthey insurance companies and tthey reinsurance companies. So we would expect that to have an influence on tthey renewals but however capacity is plentiful and ttheyre's a lot of alternative capital that could come and change it. So we'll have to wait and see what happens. It's not a clear-cut answer from that perspective. On tthey casualty side, it's a very tough place to be. Tthey result from tthey casualty, we're not a big casualty reinsurance player. What we see -- what you see in our casualty segment is not at all tthey GL, tthey general liability or tthey traditional casualty reinsurance. We still feel ttheir is too competitive for our own case. Tthey fact that people want to buy more reinsurance might indicate to me that ttheyre's a lot -- ttheyre are -- ttheyre's a willingness and a desire to share or at least to deemphasize tthey risk that is intheyrent in that portfolio. So we'll be very cautious in tthey way we are going about running that business. We're not as optimistic about tthey casualty market as people would be out ttheyre. Kai Pan Okay. Last one you made tthey primary insurance side. So you mentioned attrition loss is higtheyr. Could you quantify that for tthey quarter? And also, you mentioned, tthey business results have been close to breakeven, and you have mentioned about 95% long-term outlook, and how quickly we can get ttheyre? Marc Grandisson Not soon enough, right? I mean, that will be tthey right answer. I think that we've seen tthey trailing 12-month combined ratio, hovering around 99% ttheir quarter, yet did have large attritional losses. I think it's 2 to 2.5 points impact on tthey quarter, which would have put ttheir quarter in line with tthey ottheyr ones. But on a trailing 12 months, we're pretty much at tthey 99% number. And ttheir is tthey one that we tend to focus on. Any one quarter does not make a trend. And as you'll remember, we had large losses on reinsurance last quarter that we didn't have in ttheir quarter. We had it in insurance. So ttheyre's a lot of volatility going around those -- given tthey specialty lines that we write. I think that we also look at ttheir in tthey sense of tthey overall market being softer and conditions not strengttheyning any better, with some rate increase. It just makes us be that much more prudent. Wtheyn ttheyre's a large loss that comes in, most of tthey time, ID&R would be made up -- would be ttheyre to make up for that loss, but we tend to take a more conservative approach to ttheir and maybe not fully take a -- may not take tthey full impact on tthey ID&R and remain tthey -- leave tthey ID&R at tthey same level and take tthey large loss as it comes because we're not sure that tthey fundamentals are improving as much as we would hope ttheyy would be. Operator Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski from Crédit Suisse. Michael Zaremski Starting with mortgage insurance. In tthey prepared remarks, you mentioned that momentum is building for, I think, you said some of tthey bigger banks to handle some of tthey adjustable mortgage insurance pricing. Is that, you think, theylping you maintain your market share position? Because I think your market share jumped up a lot in 2Q, and I think it still stayed higtheyr than expectations, which is a good thing, ttheir past quarter. Marc Grandisson I'm not sure what part of my remarks you mentioned -- you referred to, but tthey thing about our ability to increase market share and being that relevant to our clients is most of tthey clients that embraced risk-based pricing are actually tthey ones who are getting market share in tthey industry. And that's been a ptheynomena that's been going on for several quarters. So yes, by virtue of us being -- ttheyre's much more nimbleness, if you will, tthey more in tthey nonbank loan originators than ttheyre are in tthey larger banks out ttheyre, and I think that for tthey first -- for tthey recent quarters, I think ttheyre's been a recognition that tthey larger banks might be losing market share to those nonbank loan originators and RateStar actually works much better for those loan originator and actually theylps ttheym win business. So that's actually theylping us grow market share or maintain our market share, at tthey very least. Michael Zaremski Okay, that's a good nuance to know. Sticking with mortgage insurance, I know ttheir is probably difficult, but is ttheyre any way to -- that we could maybe try to size up how to measure how much could be left in terms of like a pace of reserve releases if tthey cure rates continue to be definitely lower than theirtorically? I mean, I guess, I don't know if you're using a 2-year average or 3-year or a 10-year theirtorical average. I'm assuming you're not just assuming tthey rates that we've seen in 2017, '18, kind of overlay on tthey entire portfolio. But just kind of a curse, if ttheyre's anything we can look at to better understand and size up how that could trend, if things do stay good for tthey foreseeable future, as you kind of mentioned in your prepared remarks in terms of your outlook for MI? Marc Grandisson Yes, I'll say a couple of things on that. First, I mean, yes, delinquency rates are at very low levels. So we don't think ttheyy're going to go much lower than that. But tthey reality is tthey performance has been very, very good. As you know, tthey reserving methodology in tthey mortgage segment is very much more of a mechanical prescribed exercise. Ttheyre's a lot less flexibility in tthey mortgage segment than ttheyre might be in tthey P&C side. So if tthey delinquencies are ttheyre, yes, we can put up reserves for it. And if ttheyy're no longer ttheyre or ttheyy cure, tthey reserves come down. So it's -- ttheyre's no in between. Is it delinquent? Is all delinquent? Yes or no. And from ttheyre, tthey models we've built produced tthey estimates we carry or tthey reserves we have in tthey books. So to answer your question, I think maybe ttheyre's a bit more to go, but I think to be honest, it's been -- tthey level that we saw in ttheir quarter have been extremely high and probably higtheyr than any of us theyre expected. So if it happens again next quarter, well, I'd be surprised. I'm not saying it can't happen, but it would be a, again, a continuation of very favorable trends that tthey whole industry is seeing. We're not tthey only ones, as you know, that are seeing ttheyse trends and -- but again, I don't think ttheyy'll be -- ttheyy're sustainable for an extended period. Michael Zaremski Okay, great. And ttheyn lastly, just on capital. You mentioned that, looking on -- looking at some new opportunities, I know you guys are always opportunistic and looking at things. Just curious if you can give us a flavor, wtheyttheyr it's primary insurance or reinsurance, or MI, or all of tthey above, that you're kind of looking at? Marc Grandisson It's pretty much all of tthey above that are possibilities. And I think -- and we'll be communicating with tthey market as and wtheyn we find out, if ttheyy do find out and come up to fruition. So yes, tthey answer is all of ttheym. Operator Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Elyse Greenspan My first question is going back to tthey discussion on your insurance business. So, obviously, tthey higtheyr non-cat losses drove tthey increase in tthey quarter. But I'm just trying, as we think about going forward, and you guys getting to kind of that 95% target, can you just give us a little bit more color on what you're seeing on tthey -- with inflation? Anything that you guys are watching out for as you think about setting your picks and as we think about tthey margin outlook for tthey business for 2019? Marc Grandisson Yes. So tthey trend is a very interesting and important discussion. Tthey problem is nobody will really know what it looks like until 5 or 6 years from now. Historically, trends in tthey insurance industry has been outpacing tthey core CPI increase, and we've seen tthey CPI at about 1.7% to 1.8% over tthey last 4 or 5 years. And -- which would mean to me that's a trend -- and if you look at tthey spread over that theirtorically, it was 100 bps above that. So tthey inflation on claims, for insurance claims is always higtheyr than CPI. I just want to make sure it's clear theyre. We've seen 250 bps above ttheir over tthey last 4 or 5 years. So ttheyre's a lot of uncertainty on ttheir. We're trying to do two things, right? And one of ttheym is portfolio construction. We try to focus on more primary policies because we think that tthey excess portfolios will have a lot more uncertainty in terms -- if we turn out to be wrong on tthey trend in tthey pricing, tthey trend is going to impact tthey excess insurance market a lot more than tthey primary market. And second, are pricing for those kinds of -- those kinds of trends will give us a range around those trend and putting a cushion that would not wrong -- on tthey wrong side of tthey decimals wtheyn we actually produce tthey returns -- tthey results. Ttheyre's also ottheyr things, at least, that theylp us. We could buy reinsurance to theylp us shape around tthey expected -- tthey margin. But by and large, it's a give and take and through with tthey marketplace. And with portfolio construction, and also focusing on tthey line of business wtheyre -- you theyard us talk about travel and property, right? Those 2 lines of business would be lines wtheyre inflation is a lot less relevant. Because you're going to tend to find out inflation into a year is much quicker than, let's say, an E&S casualty or high excess workers comp. Elyse Greenspan Okay, great. And ttheyn in terms of tthey tax rate, I know ttheyre's potential for some changes as we get closer to tthey end of ttheir year. Do you still think your weight will kind of stay in that 9% to 12% range as we think about 2018? François Morin Too early to tell. We think it's not a bad place to start. We're in tthey middle of planning for 2019, and all I can say is we'll give you more color in -- with tthey year-end call, I'd say. Once we are into '19, we'll have more visibility on how things are shaping up and tthey mix of business and what jurisdictions and how we think that'll play out. Elyse Greenspan Okay, great. And ttheyn one last question on mortgage. Your market share seems like it might have grown a little bit ttheir quarter. Could you -- maybe, slightly around 25% or a little bit higtheyr. You had been taking that down after tthey deal, and ttheyn it started to come back up earlier ttheir year. I thought you guys kind of got atheyad with RateStar than some of tthey ottheyrs in just getting your pricing. And so ottheyrs probably kind of caught up ttheir quarter. So I just want to get a full sense of what's really -- do you see kind of that 25% or so as a share that you would expect to maintain? And how should we think about that going forward? Marc Grandisson So first, we don't run tthey business. As you guys know, on a market share basis, we just provide our rate -- our best foot forward with our rates in our approach to risk-based pricing and try to give good service to our clients and provide ttheym with good products. And at tthey end of quarter, we count, ttheyn we look at wtheyre tthey ships fell, and we just -- ttheyn share it what it is. We have no design for market share. We had -- wtheyn we do a UG acquisition, we have thought about, we had indicated, we might be lower 20s, fiber to -- some of it was fiber to tthey singles being less of a relevance -- relevant product, and we have delivered on ttheir. And we like tthey monthlies. I guess, ttheyre's no answer, basically. I don't know wtheyre we're going to be. I just know that what we've done ttheir quarter generated x market share, and we're happy with that. I don't know what tthey future holds. Operator Our next question comes from Josh Shanker from Deutscthey Bank. Joshua Shanker Ttheyre was an earlier call from Genworth who said that ttheyy lost a major U.S. customer. I'm wondering how that shapes up in tthey market, and wtheyttheyr you'll get tthey same share of a large customer that tthey rest of tthey group cater as your market share in such a way that's harder for you to take a big chunk out of that new opportunity, per se? Marc Grandisson I think we're in tthey same market as Genworth from that perspective, right? I mean, ttheyre are large customers, and that happens all tthey time, and that might decide to reallocate between provider of -- providers of mortgage insurance for various reasons. Ttheyre's no grand design theyre. I think that ttheir -- it could happen to us, it's happened to ttheym, and we could -- we might be gaining what ttheyy lost and vice versa. Ttheyre's nothing really magical ttheyre, Josh. I can't read much into it, much more than ttheir. Joshua Shanker Okay. And I saw ttheyre's decent amount of growth in property, marine, aviation, that's a pretty big catch all for a lot of things in insurance. What's going on exactly? Marc Grandisson It's really property. A lot of it came out of tthey, mostly London, cat-exposed business that went through substantial rate changes, rate increases as a result of tthey 2017 cat events in areas like Texas and tthey Caribbean. So ttheir is most of wtheyre tthey increase came from on tthey insurance side. On tthey reinsurance side, very seamless story. You'll see that tthey property also grew dramatically. We have some growth in marine, but it's largely driven by property. And for tthey record, it's not aviation, just want to make sure we're clear, it's not aviation. Joshua Shanker Does ttheir business have a lower normalized combined ratio than tthey aggregate book? And what I'm getting at is, is ttheir going to cause, 1 year from today, tthey combined ratio, all things equal, to lower than it is now? Marc Grandisson Everything else being equal, it should. I think that, that property cat-exposed insurance or reinsurance business will have a combined ratio of probably 60 to 70, 75, wtheyreas a more or less cat exposed. Ttheir is absent in any cat, right? If ttheyre's a cat, of course, it be a lot worse, right? So yes, you're right, it will depend on tthey cat activity in tthey year. But, all things being equal, your assumption is right. Operator Our next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW. Meyer Shields You talked a little bit about lower ottheyr expenses, I guess, you saw that in reinsurance mortgage and corporate. I was hoping you could provide a little bit more color, really, in terms of tthey sustainability of tthey third quarter versus prior 12 months run rate? François Morin Well, yes. No question that we look at our expenses. I mean, that's something that we watch very closely. And ttheir quarter just turned out, ttheyre's always going to be movements from quarter-to-quarter. So on corporate side, yes, a little bit lower, but I wouldn't read too much into it. Sometimes, it's just timing of some cash payments or what-have-you, some expenses that we have throughout tthey year, so I wouldn't read too much into that. Some -- tthey reality on tthey reinsurance side is -- lower compensation, which is tthey direct result of tthey performance of tthey units. No question that as we accrue bonuses throughout tthey year, ttheyy're based on unexpected ROE, which ttheir year turns out may not be as good as it has been in prior years, and we're adjusting for that. So certainly, you would -- you think that tthey operating expenses should adjust over time based on tthey profitability of tthey units. And ttheyre's, tthey reality is ttheyre's also a couple of miscellaneous payments theyre and ttheyre that will move tthey needle. But again, tthey message is, yes, we keep looking at it. We're trying to be as diligent and do as good a job, making sure that we're spending in tthey money in tthey right places and making tthey right investments in our people, in our technology, in our systems. But ttheyre's no question, ttheyre's going to be some movements from quarter-to-quarter. Meyer Shields Okay. In terms of mortgage, I guess, wtheyre they underlying seems to be getting better? Marc Grandisson Say it again, Meyer, please. I didn't catch that? Meyer Shields I'm sorry. So tthey ottheyr expenses in mortgage insurance declined, I don't know, seems significantly a lot, like $7 million, $7.5 million from tthey second quarter to tthey third, and I would maybe expect tthey better cure rate to drive more incentive comps rattheyr than last year? Marc Grandisson That was -- second quarter, we have accrual for a lot of equity-based compensation. François Morin Yes, ttheyre's a timing of tthey second to third quarter. Second quarter, theirtorically, what we've done are equity grants and ttheyre's a spike ttheyre across tthey board for all units. Ttheyre's also, depending on wtheyttheyr it is retirement-age people are not, ttheyre's a different way of accounting for tthey grants, but that's really why comparing second quarter to third quarter is something that you got to be careful with. And just to give you a bit of a theyads-up, as you plan atheyad and maybe on a year overall 12-month period, doesn't make a huge difference, but we're contemplating moving tthey equity-based awards from tthey second quarter to tthey first quarter, so -- next year. So that might -- again, we'll give you more color wtheyn and if we get ttheyre, but that's a possibility we're exploring right now to make those all in tthey first quarter. Meyer Shields Okay, that's very theylpful. And ttheyn bigger picture question, I guess, for Mark. If you would isolate insurance segment casualty pricing, I guess, what are you seeing in terms of rate increase accelerating, if at all? Marc Grandisson Wtheyttheyr ttheyy do or not -- most of tthey rate increases we've seen in casualty over tthey last 2 or 3 years were led by commercial auto. And it's still very hard to get significant rate increases outside of that. I think, as you know, Meyer, that is slowing down. I'm not judging wtheyttheyr it should or not. But I think that we're seeing that tthey rate increases are slowing down. And because ttheyy're going through 2 or 3 years of significant rate increase, we still are able to push rate increase in some of tthey E&S casualty. Ttheyre are some auto exposure. But if you don't have auto exposure, it's still not clear that you can get those rate change accelerate or getting higtheyr. And again, I think tthey rate on tthey E&S casualty will react and will start to accelerate wtheyn and if we see losses emerging. We believe we will, but we've been wrong before so -- but since tthey downside of being wrong is too painful, we'd rattheyr take a pause and take a step back and just wait for that [indiscernible]. Operator And I am showing no furttheyr questions from our phone lines. I'd now like to turn tthey conference back over to Marc Grandisson for any closing remarks. Marc Grandisson Yes. We understand that ttheyre were some technical problems at tthey start of our webcast, and we apologize for that inconvenience. Ttheyre'll be a complete replay of tthey call available on our website within 2 hours by 2:00 p.m. Eastern. Again, happy Halloween. Thank you very much for listening and we'll talk to you next quarter. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.