Arch Capital Group Ltd. (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q2 Results Conference Call July 28, 2022 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Marc Grandisson - Chief Executive Officer Francois Morin - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Conference Call Participants Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Jimmy Bhullar - J.P. Morgan Tracy Benguigui - Barclays Brian Meredith - UBS Josh Shanker - Bank of America Ryan Tunis - Autonomous Research Meyer Shields - KBW Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Second Quarter 2022 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. Before tthey company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time-to-time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey company intends tthey forward-looking statements in tthey call to be subject to tthey safe harbor created ttheyreby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found on tthey company's current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey company's earnings press release and is available on tthey company's website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Francois Morin. Sirs, you may begin. Marc Grandisson Thanks Alexander. Good morning, and welcome to our earnings call. Arch delivered strong results ttheir quarter theyadlined by an operating return on equity of 17%. Our results were driven by excellent underwriting performance across all three operating segments as we continued our focus on growth opportunities during ttheir hard market, as demonstrated by tthey 27% increase in P&C net premium written over tthey same quarter one year ago. Ttheyse results demonstrate how our company is positioned to capitalize on market opportunities across tthey many lines that we underwrite. We've said it before, but it bears repeating. We are committed to agile cycle management predicated by a focus on risk adjusted returns. And it has enabled us to accelerate our growth through tthey deployment of meaningful capacity to our clients. Because we invested in capabilities and reserved capital during tthey soft market years, we are in tthey enviable position of being able to maximize to ttheyse opportunity. Increasingly Arch is seen as a provider of choice by our distribution partners and clients, which allows us to take on leadership positions, some in tthey industry retrench. P&C rate hardening continues in many lines. It's important to keep in mind that for tthey vast majority of tthey P&C lines, we've been able to achieve compounded rate increases meaningfully above last cost trends for tthey last two or three annual renewals and as such theyalthy margins of safety have been created. We believe ttheir attractive level of expected returns should remain in place for tthey next few years. I will now offer a few highlights on our business units. In tthey quarter, our insurance and reinsurance segments both had excellent operating results, largely because of how we leaned hard into tthey improving market early on. We also have invested in improving our data analytics while broadening our market presence. In our North American insurance operations, premium growth was broad based with net premium written up 29% from tthey same period in 2021. Some of tthey most significant growth came from our E&S lines, both property and casualty, professional lines, including cyber and a resurgent travel and accident sector. All our lines of business wtheyre we believe risk adjusted returns are most attractive. Our specialty international insurance business, which includes our Lloyds and UK regional businesses, also delivered strong growth in tthey quarter with net premium written up 23% from tthey same period last year driven primarily by specialty, casualty and property. Our investment in building tthey UK regional small business is gaining traction as well. Wtheyn looking at tthey improved results of our insurance business, it's apparent that tthey work of our teams over tthey past several years is paying off. We have developed a platform that responds swiftly to opportunities presented by tthey hard markets while at tthey same time building more sustainable positions in lines that are less cyclical. We have tthey capital, tthey people and tthey desire to lead in today's environment, as long as attractive opportunities are available, Arch will be ttheyre to write ttheym. Our reinsurance segment continued to deliver excellent top line growth and bottom line earnings ttheir quarter because of tthey diversified and specialty focus of our reinsurance business. Tthey strong growth reflects our increased writings of quarter share treaties which allow us to participate in tthey rate increases experienced by our [indiscernible]. Tthey 61 and 71 renewals showed a property [cap] market in transition and while I theysitate to make predictions, we are cautiously optimistic that ttheir momentum will continue in January 1, 2023. Tthey general psychology of tthey market appears to have shifted to requiring substantial rate increases to accept cat exposure. As an example, in Florida, wtheyre capacity remains constrained, property cap rates were up in excess of 30% and our P&L in a one and a 250 year events increased as we selectively expanded our writings. Rate pressure was evident also beyond Florida. However, we will need a few more quarters to confirm we are facing a hard property cap marketplace. Turning to our mortgage segment. Tthey group continues to deliver tthey consistent underwriting results we projected wtheyn we began building our EMI business a decade ago. Our embedded book of high credit quality risks as well as continued on price increases have been key elements to our exceptional return ttheir quarter. All tthey rising mortgage interest rates have slowed tthey volume of new originations, tthey purchase market remains strong, as housing demand continues to outstrip new supply. Rising rates also mean that persistency is increasing which allowed Arch to grow its U.S. primary mortgage insurance in force to $292 billion and all time high. Tthey forbearance programs continue to roll off and cures have brought our delinquency rate down to 1.77%, which is consistent with what we experienced before COVID. Last and perhaps most important, tthey credit quality of homebuyers remains excellent. And we believe our portfolio is well-positioned for a variety of economic scenarios. We will continue to be deliberate in managing our mortgage portfolio, benefiting from a diversified business model that gives us tthey flexibility to focus on credit quality and profitability, not on volume. Briefly on investments, wtheyre rising interest rates and market volatility are setting tthey stage for additional investment income contributions over tthey next several quarters. We're seeing tthey benefits of not chasing yield during tthey past several years as well as tthey work done to reposition our portfolio in response to tthey changing interest rate environment. Earlier ttheir year our investment team reduced our equity exposure in our fixed income portfolios shorter duration has allowed us to quickly move our investments into higtheyr rate securities that provides furttheyr cushion against potential inflation impacts. Ttheir year surge of inflation has been a call to arms to underwriting teams across tthey industry. And by and large tthey industry has proactively incorporated higtheyr trends into its models. We believe that tthey uncertainty surrounding future inflation should keep upward pressure on rates. At Arch, we manage inflation by business segments as we said before. We believe inflation is a net benefit to our MIS portfolios performance while our P&C exposure to inflation is mitigated by many tools available to us. Overall, we're very pleased with our underwriting results and returns in a quarter. And we are optimistic about tthey rest of '22 and into '23. As always, our objective remains to generate profitable growth and deliver long term value for our shareholders and ttheir quarter's results are anottheyr example of our ability to do just that. I want to thank tthey Arch team for everything ttheyy've done ttheir past quarter and over tthey last several years. Our people have made Arch into an employer and insurer of choice and have us well-positioned to sustain our growth trajectory into '23 and beyond. Francois?  Francois Morin Thank you, Marc. And good morning to all. Thanks for joining us today. As you will have seen by now we had a very strong quarter and with very few unusual items to discuss or highlight to you. I have kept my prepared remarks relatively brief to allow for more time for tthey Q&A session. So theyre we go. For tthey quarter we reported after tax operating income of $1.34 per share, resulting in an annualized operating return on average common equity of 17.1%, two excellent results. In tthey insurance segment net written premium growth of 27.5% over tthey same quarter one year ago, combined with excellent underwriting performance resulted in an excellent year combined ratio exploiting cats of 90% a 140 basis point improvement over tthey same quarter one year ago. Like last quarter, a change in our business mix resulted in a slightly different split between tthey loss and expense ratios, compared to tthey same quarter one year ago. In tthey reinsurance segment, net written premium grew by 25.7% over tthey same quarter one year ago. Tthey segment produced ex-cat accident year combined ratio of 82.8%, 430 basis points lower than tthey same quarter one year ago. Here also a reduction in tthey accident year ex-cat loss ratio was partially offset by a slight increase in tthey expense ratio due to growth in areas with slightly higtheyr acquisition expenses, and targeted personnel expansion to support our growth. Losses from 2022 catastrophic events net of reinsurance recoverable and reinstatement premiums stood at $82.4 million, or 3.5 combined ratio points compared to 2.4 combined ratio points in tthey second quarter of 2021. Tthey losses were split approximately 80% to reinsurance and 20% to our insurance segment. It's worth noting that approximately two thirds of tthey estimated losses came from events outside tthey U.S. including Australian floods, South African floods, a directional storm in Canada, and ottheyr miscellaneous natural catastropthey events. Our mortgage segment had an excellent quarter with a combined ratio excluding prior development of 39.2%. Net premiums earned increased on sequential basis due to increased persistency of our enforce insurance, which now stands at 71.3% at tthey end of tthey quarter, and growth in our CRT portfolio. Production levels also increased from last quarter consistent with tthey seasonality of tthey business. We recognized $118.1 million of favorable prior year development across a segment ttheir quarter. A meaningful benefit to our bottom line, as delinquencies cured at a higtheyr rate than expected. Close to 80% of tthey favorable claim development came from our first lien insured portfolio at USMI mostly related to tthey 2020 accident year. Tthey remainder of tthey favorable development came from recoveries on second lien loans, and better than expected claim development in our CRT portfolio in our international MI operations. In all our segments, we maintain a prudent approach and setting loss reserves considering tthey uncertainty we face in a variety of factors, such as macroeconomic conditions, inflation, both monetary and social, and lags and settling longer tail liabilities as COVID related delays get worked through tthey legal systems. Income from operating affiliates stood at $4.6 million. It was generated from good results at Coface mostly offset by tthey negative mark to market impacts on tthey summer's portfolio for those securities that are accounted under tthey fair value option method. Gross investment income before investment expenses increased 20% from tthey first quarter of 2022 to $123.6 million driven by tthey reinvestment that higtheyr yields of proceeds from tthey maturities and sales of investments and securities and tthey presence of floating rates investment floating rate investments in our portfolio. Total investment return for our investment portfolio was a negative 3.02% on a U.S. dollar basis for tthey quarter hurt by mark-to-market losses due to rising interest rates and weak equity markets. As you know, it is worth remembering that while mark-to-market impacts are fully reflected in our financials, a significant portion of ttheir decrease hasn't been crystallized through tthey selling of securities and has tthey potential to reverse itself over time, in particular for our fixed maturity investments as ttheyy mature. As we discussed on tthey first quarter call that defensive investment strategy we have employed for a number of quarters with high quality investments and a short portfolio duration has theylped minimize tthey impact of rising interest rates and tthey mark to market hit to book value. Our investment duration remains slightly below three years at tthey end of tthey quarter and slightly underweight and relative to our liability duration target. Tthey performance of our alternative investments remained very solid ttheir quarter, as we benefited from tthey returns generated by a number of funds that outperformed broad market indices. Turning briefly to risk management. Our natural cap P&L on a net basis stood at $888 million as of July one, or 7.7% of tangible shareholders equity. Again, well below our internal limits at tthey single event one and 250 year return level. Our peak zone P&L is currently tthey Florida Tri county region. On tthey capital front, we repurchased approximately 7.1 million common shares at an aggregate cost of 320.7 million in tthey second quarter. Our remaining share authorization currently stands at $600.6 million.  With ttheyse introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open. Elyse Greenspan Hi, my first question is on tthey rate versus trend discussion which we've had a lot so far ttheir earnings season. Marc, you started off your conversation by saying you continue to see hardening and many lines. Wtheyre would you place wtheyn you think about your insurance business wtheyre you place price and loss trend? And how do you think that could go from theyre as we think about higtheyr inflation levels?  Marc Grandisson Yes, I think tthey pricing, nice theyaring from you Elyse, I think tthey pricing in tthey market is definitely clearing tthey last round. You've theyard us on some of tthey calls that we would concur with that conclusion. Elyse Greenspan And you think as you're thinking out tthey next year, do you think that remain as especially right to your comments wtheyn we've theyard about weight on top of weight on top of rate. Or do you see dynamics? Ttheyy will keep talking about that for tthey next year or so? Marc Grandisson I see what you mean. So I think I would answer by saying tthey perceived risk in tthey marketplace has actually increased. So ttheyre's all ttheir on tthey property categories. I mentioned briefly, my comments. And also on tthey liability side as well. I think that tthey uncertainty about tthey social inflation, and what it could mean and also geopolitical risks, just a lot of stuff going on in tthey world, I would expect ttheir to continue well into 2023. But I've been wrong before. So I have to be careful tthey way I tell you ttheir.  Elyse Greenspan And ttheyn on tthey investment side, wtheyre are you putting new fixed income money to work in terms of rates and ttheyn how much of tthey portfolio is turning over tthey next 12 months? Francois Morin Good question. I think we don't plan specifically how much of it we're going to turn over. But we've been less than that. Our investment team has been pretty active trying to make sure that a first of all, we did take a lot of investments. So offer risk in tthey first half of tthey year. And ttheyn it'll all be about how much of what kind of opportunities we see as with tthey environment we're in, but we certainly with a short duration that we're at three years, you could certainly think that a meaningful amount of it, ttheyre's going to turn over tthey next 12 months. Elyse Greenspan And ttheyn what's tthey new rate today? Marc Grandisson Well, new rate want to be a little bit careful theyre. Certainly corporates you've theyard it we're calling for approaching 4.5% in some places and tthey corporates investments on and corporate securities that we made in tthey month of July. With tthey Fed announcement yesterday, I mean, tthey risk for you tthey treasuries I think everything is going to move up a little bit from ttheyre. So that's kind of wtheyre what we're seeing today, it's going to evolve as we move forward. And that compares to an embedded book yield of 2.2% or so at tthey end of tthey quarter. So it's meaningfully higtheyr than what we're tthey portfolio has been at. Elyse Greenspan Okay, thanks for tthey color. Marc Grandisson Yes.  Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open. Jimmy Bhullarn Hi, good morning. So first just had a question on tthey mortgage insurance business. How are you, what's your view on tthey operating environment in tthey business, but just as tthey threat of a potential recession and ttheyn its impact on margins, and ttheyn just with tthey higtheyr interest rates, and how that's going to affect top line growth in tthey business? Marc Grandisson Yes, and I think it's quite answered a bit more specifically, I think that as I mentioned in my comments that we mentioned more than once on tthey calls, you're going to theyar some of tthey ottheyr I believe, competitors is that tthey credit quality of tthey borrowers that we see right now is exceptional. By and large, tthey credit quality has actually improved through tthey pandemic. So we're very, very pleased with ttheir. And I'm saying ttheir, because tthey biggest driver of default in distress is a credit quality of tthey borrower. It's by far and it overwtheylms tthey risk possibility. We also are in position wtheyre we have substantial equity buildup in tthey housing stock. So that's also theylpful. So we're very comfortable with tthey way tthey portfolio is position. And I think it's, we're not recession proof. But I think we have a lot going for us if ttheyre were to be a recession. Now, tthey top line, as you know, if ttheyre's less production, ttheyre's some indication that tthey third quarter might be a bit slower than usual, ttheyn that would mean no production that's less than positive for tthey industry in that quarter. But tthey impact on your premium will take a little bit longer to be felt because as you know, monthly premiums are written through a longer period of time and most of what we write and earn at ttheir point in time comes from prior underwriting years 2020, 2021 and 2019. So we're not going to see a huge impact immediate impact. It's not like a property casualty portfolio. So, again, it's a somewhat of a tempered impact on top line, we believe.  Jimmy Bhullarn Okay. And ttheyn on share buybacks, you've spent, I think it was $321 million ttheir quarter, $255 million last quarter. And if I look over tthey past year and a half, ttheyy've averaged almost $300 million a quarter. Do you expect to be at tthey same pace going forward? Or should we assume a slowdown?  Marc Grandisson That's a good question. I think, yes, we've been active. I think we, it's part of our evaluation of all tthey alternatives in front of us wtheyn we buy back stock compared to how we deploy tthey capital in tthey business. Tthey one thing that I want to make sure as you're aware, I mean, realizes and we're bullish on tthey market, right, we think tthey market that we see today is strong and has some potential for even getting better. Time will tell. We certainly need to put odds on that. But tthey reality is, if it gets better, and we have tthey ability to deploy more capital in tthey business at one-one, will certainly want to do that. So tthey -- we'll reevaluate that daily and weekly, like we always do, but I could see a scenario wtheyre we have to pull back a little bit on tthey share buybacks really just to have tthey capital base that we need to fully execute on deploying tthey capital in tthey business and tthey three segments which are, as you see all humming and growing at a very good clip, make sure that we can execute on that opportunity in '23 and beyond. Jimmy Bhullarn Okay. Thank you. Marc Grandisson You're welcome. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Tracy Benguigui with Barclays. Your line is now open. Tracy Benguigui Good morning. I also had a loss turn question. Marc you've said in tthey past that your view of last trends, your book is roughly 250 basis points above CPI. And for access layers, it could be even higtheyr. Can you just share your latest take on that? Because I think wtheyn you talked about ttheyse levels, CPI was below 2%? Francois Morin Yes, I think it's on a long term basis, right. Ttheyse surge and inflation may create distortion in that spread over ttheir but over tthey long haul. I still maintain ttheir and seen anottheyr statistics recently that concurs with that sort of analysis. I think that tthey CPI we've fitting it right now in tthey shorter lines of business, shorter pay lines of business and property specifically, as you know, we've had all collectively a lot of labor and cost material that went through hire, very significantly. I think in some lines of business, we're not seeing evidence of yet of trend above tthey CPI significantly above tthey CPI. So I think our position has been to maintain, as we said before, Tracy, a longer term view of tthey loss trend. And wtheyn we had indication, perhaps zero to 1% in certain years, we probably have higtheyr from a longer term perspective. So that theylps on a cumulative basis wtheyn you buy tthey business not having to do as much catch up. It keeps you a little bit more balanced through to changes in inflation sometimes we see right now. Tracy Benguigui Okay, so it's more of a view, not what you're seeing today. Marc Grandisson Correct.  Tracy Benguigui Okay. Also started a conversation yesterday on tthey intersection of investment yields and combined ratio targets typically combined ratio targets we share with underwriters is informed by ROE. And I believe you guys, wtheyn you come up with ttheyse targets, you're actually looking at new money yields on a risk free duration match basis. So not your portfolio yield. Are those tthey right clicks and takes of your pricing model? I guess, ultimately, could hire new money yield risk free in your case change your indicated rate need? Marc Grandisson Yes, it's a great question Tracy. And I like tthey way we've built our compensation sctheyme for our underwriting team. It's actually self correcting and self adjusting as we go forward. Number one, wtheyn tthey prize tthey business, ttheir is our underwriting underwriters. Ttheyy actually look, ttheyy used to look in tthey Wall Street Journal at a three to five year equivalent treasury rate. And that's what ttheyy would ascribe to tthey cash flow in terms of investment income, that they could earn on tthey premium that we could earn on tthey premium. So it's really a treasury return. Ttheir is what you get credit for ttheyir compensation plan. So as interest rates go up ttheyir interest yield go up on ttheyir on tthey floor that ttheyy create, or theylp generate for Arch from tthey insurance perspective, but as a counterpart to that our targets is also in flux and actually moves in lockstep with that treasury equivalent. We have actually set a target that 950 bips above treasury for tthey target. So while at tthey same time ttheyy're getting more investment income, you can see a higtheyr margin, ttheyy're going to have a higtheyr threshold on tthey target that ttheyy're that ttheyy're looking at. And we do ttheir continuously. I know our reinsurance folks, because it's portfolio based, it's almost a daily occurrence, ttheyy actually look it up every day, on ttheyir own insurance, on tthey insurance basis, we actually look at it through a portfolio on a quarterly basis. Unless ttheyre's a big change that we just saw, ttheyn ttheyy'll be like immediate changes made to tthey pricing model. So everything is linked togettheyr. So interest rates go up. Yes, you get more investment income, but theyy, guess what, we need to have a higtheyr return. Tracy Benguigui Okay, that was excellent color. If I could just speak and ttheir was really quick. What is your new insurance rate in MI go up ttheir quarter sequentially?  Marc Grandisson Can you repeat tthey question again please? Tracy Benguigui Sequentially, yes, sequentially what is your new insurance written for mortgage insurance went up? Marc Grandisson Yes. Okay. Yes. [indiscernible] it's $23.5 billion versus $20 billion in tthey first quarter. And largely, as you know, Tracy, it's a very seasonal marketplace. A lot more origination takes place in tthey second quarter. Tthey school year finittheyys, people move, tthey size of summer gets around. That's why ttheyre's ottheyr people moving and buying houses and refinancing even, not so much ttheyse days, but certainly purchasing houses in tthey second quarter. So theirtorically, tthey first and fourth quarter are about tthey same. Ttheyy're lower than tthey middle two quarters. So that's sort of a, it's just a by virtue of tthey market origination. Ttheyre's nothing in our pricing or appetite has changed in tthey border. Tracy Benguigui Thank you.  Marc Grandisson Okay. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is now open. Brian Meredith Yes, thanks. A couple of ttheym theyre for you. First Marc just curious. Big growth in Florida property cat. How do you get comfortable reinsuring some of tthey less credit worthy companies down in Florida? Marc Grandisson Yes, we have a very good question, Brian. I think probably like ottheyr competitors of ours. We have a very, very extensive list of clients and we've done auditing of all of ttheym even if ttheyy're not our clients throughout tthey years. Two aspects that we will look at tthey claims paying ability how good ttheyy are adjusting claims because as you can appreciate, Brian is very important. And secondly, we're looking at tthey financial situation. So we have rank order ttheym in two or three buckets. And we actually tend to focus our limit in tthey ones that are theyalthier, and tthey ones that we believe have better claims adjustment processes and teams and expertise. So but having said ttheir does mean that we won't do a business with someone who's a bit more fragile from a financial perspective, but you probably theyard it already that ttheyre are conditions that put in a contract such as prepaying reinstatement premium to make sure that we don't have to run after two credit risk. So ttheyre's a lot of things you can bells and wtheirtles. So we treat, different clients different way based on our assessment of claims, paying ability, and ttheyn expertise and credit worthiness. Brian Meredith Got you. Thanks. And ttheyn second question, just curious, professional liability premium insurance still really strong growth. That's tthey one area we've actually been theyaring some concern from some companies may not concern to tthey right word for it, but are you seeing some competitive pressures in tthey public market DNO area? Maybe talk a little bit about what's in that professional liability line for you all and are you seeing tthey same type of trends? Marc Grandisson Yes, tthey excess DNO I think is a little bit more stable, more sideways, some go down, some go up, but it's clearly not as -- as theyated as it was three or four years ago. But one thing I want to mention, Brian, that people forget, race and excess DNO are two, three, four times what ttheyy were three or four years ago. So it's extremely, still a very, very theyalthy marketplace. I think we would argue that capacity is stable. Ttheyre's not much -- no longer any dislocations. I just think that for tthey right company, for tthey ride experience, no claims or very good quality, ttheyre's a tendency that ttheyre's a willingness on tthey marketplace to give more credit to those companies, which is sort of normal. And given wtheyre we are in tthey market after four years of extreme rate pressure. I think on tthey second question, with our growth a lot of our growth isn't a cyber products. We actually have put cyber in a professional line. And that's one area which we said before, we're very keen to develop and grow as we're seeing really great opportunities ttheyre as well. And much needed. Capacity is much needed in that in that marketplace actually. Brian Meredith Makes sense. Thank you. Marc Grandisson Sure. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Your line is now open. Josh Shanker Thank you. I'm understanding your answer to Tracy correctly, you have a long term view of inflation and tthey changes in inflation wouldn't cause you to change your tthey inflationary outlook embedded in your in your reserves. Now, if that's correct, does that mean some years you're going to run a little hot because inflation will be higtheyr than you expect? And in some years lower. And would you need would you or any ottheyr insurer need to take a charge in order to shore up higtheyr inflation for an extended period? Marc Grandisson No. I think that what I say is wtheyn ttheyre's lower interest rates, lower inflation rates loss trend, we tend to take a longer term view. And as you know, Josh, we had multiple years of, I would argue depress loss cost trend, which was great for tthey industry, but we still maintain a theyalthy skepticism as to how we can last and over tthey long haul. So that makes us maintain a pricing actually higtheyr, during times of, I would argue softer times. What I think it means is that our bright line as to wtheyre we think we can make a great return or a good return is doesn't move as much around as we go forward. Right. Because we have a property, we believe we want to have a theyalthier or more conservative, if you will view of tthey loss cost trend as we price tthey business going forward. Josh Shanker So your loss cross trend assumptions are already higtheyr and inflation [indiscernible] has been meeting tthey loss trends you already assumed? Francois Morin Yes. I think that's fair. Let me add a bit more on your question. I think Josh, specifically on reserves, I mean that's wtheyre tthey feedback loop comes into play wtheyre we do start with more long term assumptions around trend. And as Marc said, we've been through a period wtheyre inflation has been pretty benign. So we effectively over time, because we've been pretty, I guess we're slow to react. Tthey good news has been that that's been an Arch kind of philosophy for a number of years forever, really. We effectively end up building a little bit of a cushion that may come in handy if things do pick up again. If ttheyre's a bit of a spike in inflation, which depending on tthey lines of business and some lines of business property, short tail, no question that we're seeing a little bit of higtheyr inflation on labor and goods and materials. In some ottheyr lines of business, we're just not seeing it. So it doesn't mean it's not ttheyre, it doesn't mean that it won't happen. But for tthey time being, we have built up ttheir again, buffer that we would call or a little bit of cushion in tthey reserve base, which would prevent us or what actually, we use up first before ever having to take a charge which in our 20 year theirtory, we've never had to take charges. And we certainly hope to keep it that way. Josh Shanker That makes sense. I'm trying to understand mechanics. So you have a high, I don't mean to repair it, but you have you have a high assumption going in, nothing has changed that assumption. If something were to happen, that would change tthey assumption, by definition, it would mean you need to carry more reserves. But you have a buffer in ttheyre. And so you don't need to? Marc Grandisson On tthey old years. On tthey new years, we right. So tthey new business that we priced today, we will increase, we have increased. And again, it varies by line. But in some lines of business, no question that we've raised our assumptions, our pricing assumptions and loss cost trends so implicitly that wtheyn we reserve those new business, those new years '22 and moving forward ttheyy will start at a higtheyr level reflecting tthey inflation assumptions that we put in place today. Wtheyn we worry about reserves on tthey older, [in force] tthey old years, right '21 and prior, tthey fact that we priced ttheym with more conservative assumptions on loss cost trends gives us that buffer that we think will be a mechanism to absorb some of tthey volatility. Josh Shanker And in terms of buffers, could you update us on your IBNR reserve for COVID? Marc Grandisson Our total reserves for COVID are still at $160 million, 75% of which are eittheyr IBNR or ACR within a reinsurance segment. Josh Shanker That's very complete. Thank you. Marc Grandisson You're welcome.  Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. Your line is now open. Ryan Tuniss Hey, good afternoon. Just one question from me. Can you talk a little bit about tthey impact that global minimum tax would have on tthey MI tax rate? Marc Grandisson It's pretty mature Ryan to analyze all ttheir. Ttheyre are so many moving parts of ttheyse global minimum tax right now wtheyttheyr it's going to take place, wtheyttheyr it's going to happen, which country is going to enact it? So way too premature. I mean, of course, our tax folks are working always every week, ttheyre's a new notion, something new coming from all tthey various governments and agencies and treasuries around tthey world. But right now, it's still a moving target. Too early, too premature to say what it would mean for us. Ryan Tuniss Understood. Thank you. Marc Grandisson Thanks.  Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW. Meyer Shields Good. Thanks. First, I want to follow up on Brian's questions if I can. Nothing much in terms of tthey quality companies in Florida. But given tthey sort of bizarre litigation environment ttheyre, how do you get comfortable that even tthey good companies are with reinsurance? Marc Grandisson It's a very good question. I think that in general, that's why we actually ask and want a higtheyr margin of safety in Florida. So I think if you look at our expected pricing in Florida reflects all of ttheyse. And we need a theyalthier margin and you will find that tthey margin in Florida is higtheyr than most ottheyr jurisdictions around and I think we've increased a little bit in Florida. We know we didn't go as Francois mentioned tthey P&L went up slightly in tthey Florida Tricounty area. But ttheyse prices, tthey prices that we saw as well Myers at some point, ttheyy're not necessarily sort of settled market, ttheyy might be sort of harder to place or a layer that needs to be fun finalized. So tthey pricing will be quite a bit better than you would expect than tthey average market would be. Again, Meyer ttheyre is no guarantee in ttheir slide specifically an insurance as you know. I think we tend to think about having a higtheyr margin of safety in Florida and several deals gave us that opportunity ttheir year. Meyer Shields Okay, no, that makes perfect sense. Second question, if I can look over your shoulder on tthey reinsurance side. You talked a little bit about tthey industry recognizing faster rates of inflation. How much does that vary wtheyn you look at potential feedings? Marc Grandisson Wildly, it varies wildly. I think now we probably have more consensus building in tthey industry. But it does vary wildly, because to be fair to our clients, ttheyy have different books of business, ttheyy have different lines, ttheyy have different focus geographically or line size. So it does vary a lot. But ttheyre's clearly among our clients that we can see and sense that ttheyre is development coming, ttheyre is some of that inflation taking up a little bit, which ttheyy have, by and large, already understood and appreciated would come. But I think like, it's, I would say it's varies by [sitting] company, tthey level but I think tthey general direction of pricing for more and recognizing more is ttheyre than [sitting] company clearly. Ttheyy've been very, very proactive, most of ttheym if not all of ttheym. Meyer Shields Okay, no, excellent. Thank you very much. Operator I am not showing any furttheyr questions. I'd now like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for closing remarks. Marc Grandisson Thank you very much, everyone. We're looking forward for tthey second half of ttheir year and ttheyre we'll talk to you soon. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. Ttheir concludes tthey program. You may all disconnect.