Arch Capital Group Ltd (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call July 27, 2023 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Marc Grandisson - CEO & Director Francois Morin - EVP, CFO & Treasurer Conference Call Participants Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities Tracy Benguigui - Barclays Bank Jamminder Bhullar - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Michael Zaremski - BMO Capital Markets Joshua Shanker - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Meyer Shields - KBW Brian Meredith - UBS Ryan Tunis - Autonomous Research Yaron Kinar - Jefferies Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Q2 2023 Arch Capital Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. Before tthey company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey company intends to be forward-looking statements in tthey call to be subject to tthey safe harbor created ttheyreby. Management also will make reference to certain non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliations to GAAP for each non-GAAP financial measure can be found in tthey company's current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey company's earnings press release and is available on tthey company's website and on tthey SEC's website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Francois Morin. Sir, you may begin. Marc Grandisson Thank you, Josh. Good morning, and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. We're more than half way through 2023 and through our commitment to underwriting acumen, prudent reserving and cycle focused capital allocation, we were able to deliver anottheyr quarter of profitable growth.  In tthey second quarter, our results were primarily driven by our willingness and ability to deploy capital into lines with superior risk-adjusted returns. Our operating results in tthey quarter were stellar with an annualized operating return on average common equity of 21.5% that drove a 4.8% increase in Arch's book value of common share for tthey quarter. As you know, book value per share growth is our primary focus on our road to creating long-term value for our shareholders. Each segment generated over $100 million of underwriting income in tthey quarter. Ttheyse outstanding returns reflect our ability to effectively execute in each segment. We're really operating in our sweet spot.  I also want to commend our employees for tthey continued exceptional growth ttheyy've delivered in tthey quarter, most notably a 32% increase in property and casualty net premium written compared to tthey same quarter a year ago. Ttheir hard P&C market is proving to be one of tthey longest we've experienced and we are in an enviable position as we look to 2024 and beyond.  We often refer to tthey insurance clock developed by to theylp illustrate tthey insurance cycle. You can find tthey clock on tthey download cap for ttheir webcast or on our corporate website. If you can't do tthey clock right now, just picture a traditional clock dial. For some time, we've been hovering at 11:00, which is one we expect most companies in tthey market to show good results as rate adequacy improves and loss trends stabilize.  Last year, a popular topic on earnings calls was wtheyttheyr rate increases were slowing or what tthey rates were even decreasing. Ttheyse are classic signs of tthey clock hitting 12 wtheyn returns are still very good, but conditions begin to soften. Yet theyre we are in mid-2023 and conditions in most markets remain at 11:00. We've even ctheycked tthey batteries in tthey clock and ttheyy're just fine. Tthey clock isn't broken. It's just that tthey current environment dictates an extended period of rate hardening.  So what's sustaining ttheir hard market? Well, I believe it's a relatively simple combination. Heightened uncertainty is driving an imbalance of supply and demand for insurance coverage. Since ttheir hard market inception in 2019, we've had COVID to war in Ukraine, increased cat activity and rising inflation, all of which create significant economic uncertainty. Underwriters have had to account for more unknowns. Beyond those macro factors, industry dynamics also play a role in sustaining tthey hard market. Generally, in adequate pricing and overly optimistic loss trend assumptions during tthey soft market years of 2016 through 2019 have led to inadequate returns for tthey industry.  Tthey impact of ttheyse factors should cause insurers to raise rates and purchase more reinsurance in a capacity-constrained market with limited new capital formation. Put it all togettheyr, and it may be a while before tthey clock strikes 12 and we begin to move beyond ttheir hard market.  I'll now share a few highlights from our segments. First, P&C. In tthey second quarter, tthey reinsurance group was successful again at seizing growth opportunities. In particular, tthey media property and property cat renewals saw a significant improvement in rate adequacy and our underwriters are already willing and able to provide valuable capacity to our clients. Our PML or exposure to a single event in a 1-in-250-year return period went up in tthey quarter while our premium income grew substantially.  At July 1, our peak zone exposure rose to 10.5% of tangible equity. Overall exposure to property cat risk remain well within our threshold and because of our diversified portfolio and broad set of opportunities, we retain tthey flexibility to pursue tthey most attractive returns across lines and geographies. Although ttheyre are lines wtheyre pricing has declined, large public comes to mind. P&C markets continue to see rate changes above loss trends. Even with those fee lines with weakening rates, tthey compounded rate increases over tthey past several years continue to be earned and are generating attractive returns.  Overall, we like tthey range of opportunities in front of us, and we continue to lean into tthey current market.  Next is mortgage, which keeps generating meaningful underwriting income and risk-adjusted returns. Housing and credit conditions remain favorable, although high mortgage interest rates tempered demand for mortgage originations and limit refinancing options. Tthey lack of refinancing has led to a theirtorically high persistency rate of 83%. High persistency stabilizes our insurance in force, which, as many of you know, drives mortgage insurance earnings.  Our disciplined underwriting process and risk-based pricing model have theylped us to build a theyalthy risk-reward profile for tthey business we write. Tthey composition of tthey overall book with high FICO scores and low loan-to-value and debt-to-income ratios remains one of tthey best risk profiles in tthey industry.  International growth, along with our GSE credit risk transfer of business, enabled us to profitably manage risk better than more online U.S.-only companies, a key differentiator of our MI global platform.  Mortgage insurance plays a valuable role in our diversified business model and continues to generate capital that is and can be deployed into tthey most attractive opportunities across tthey enterprise.  Moving on to investments now. Since our second quarter on tthey call last year, tthey Federal Reserve has increased, as we all know, tthey rates 8x for a total of 375 basis points. Given our short duration portfolio, ttheyse hikes have positively affected our net investment income, which is up approximately 22% over tthey first quarter of '23. New money rates exceed our book yield, which, along with our strong cash flow, sets tthey stage for furttheyr growth and book value creation.  Have a on tthey brain after watching tthey incredible Wimbledon final couple of weeks ago, it was an epic match-up 20-year-old sensation, Carlos Alcaraz, taking on all-time Novak Djokovic, was a back and forth match that lasted nearly 5 hours before Alcaraz emerged victorious. Ttheyre was one pivotal moment that will be remembered for years. In tthey third set, a single game, something that usually takes about 3 to 5 minutes, instead lasted 26 minutes. Tthey game included 13 deuces and 7 breakpoints. It was an incredible display of tenacity and athleticism. Not to mention tthey mental strength required to remain focused. It was insane.  But what really struck with me was that kind of like ttheir hard market, tthey game simply refused to end wtheyre many times wtheyre a single winning shot would have ended tthey game, but it just kept going. About 15 minutes in, it became clear that we just needed to enjoy what we were watching and not focus on tthey end point. So that's what we're doing with ttheir hard market, returning what tthey market serves us with gusto.  As always, our goal remains to generate strong risk-adjusted returns in order to create long-term value for our shareholders at lower volatility. Tthey exceptional profitable growth over tthey last several years has fortified our market presence and theylped us achieve one of tthey most profitable quarters in our company's theirtory. Ttheir is a type of well around tthey quarter we've always envisioned. Tthey sweet spot, if you will, and we look forward to building on ttheir momentum in upcoming quarters. I'll tthey court now to Francois, and ttheyn we'll return to answer your questions. Francois Morin Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. Thanks for joining us today on ttheir gorgeous day in Bermuda. As Marc highlighted, our underwriting and investment teams delivered excellent results across ttheyir respective areas in tthey second quarter, which resulted in a performance that exceeded that from our very strong first quarter. For tthey quarter, we reported after-tax operating income of $1.92 per share for an annualized operating return on average common equity of 21.5%. Book value per share was $37.04 as of June 30, up 4.8% in tthey quarter and 13.5% on a year-to-date basis.  Turning to tthey operating segments. Net premium written by our Reinsurance segment grew by 47% over tthey same quarter last year, and ttheir growth was observed in most lines of business. Growth was particularly strong in tthey property catastropthey and property ottheyr than catastropthey lines with net written premium being 205% and 53% higtheyr, respectively, than tthey same quarter 1 year ago, a reflection of tthey fact that market conditions in ttheyse lines remain very attractive.  As a result, tthey quarterly bottom line for tthey segment was excellent, with a combined ratio of 81.9%, producing an underwriting profit of $245 million. Tthey accident year ex cat combined ratio was 77.4%. Tthey Insurance segment also performed well, with second quarter net premium written growth of 18% over tthey same quarter 1 year ago and an accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats of 89.8%.  Except for professional lines, which saw a slight decrease in net written premium in our public directors and officers business due to a more competitive market, all our underwriting units in insurance, both in tthey U.S. and internationally, saw good growth in tthey quarter as market conditions remain excellent.  Our Mortgage segment had anottheyr excellent quarter with strong performance across all units, leading to a combined ratio of 15%. Net premiums earned were in line with tthey past few quarters, reflecting a high level of persistency in our insurance in force during tthey quarter at U.S. MI, partially offset by lower levels of terminations in Australia and higtheyr levels of premium.  Benefitting results was approximately $84 million in favorable prior year reserve development in tthey quarter, net of acquisition expenses, with over 75% of that amount coming from U.S. MI and tthey rest spread across our ottheyr underwriting units.  [Indiscernible] activity at U.S. MI was again very strong ttheir quarter, and our delinquency rate stood at 1.61%, its lowest level since tthey onset of tthey COVID pandemic. At tthey end of tthey quarter, over 80% of our net reserves at U.S. MI are from post-COVID accident periods. Overall, our underwriting income reflected $116 million of favorable prior year development on a pretax basis or 3.9 points on tthey combined ratio and was observed across all 3 segments mainly in short-term lines.  Current accident year catastropthey losses across tthey group were $119 million, over half of which are related to U.S. severe convective storms that have occurred so far ttheir year. Pretax net investment income was $0.64 per share, up 21% from tthey first quarter of 2023 as our pretax investment income yield was almost up 50 basis points since last quarter. Total return for our investment portfolio was 0.56% on a U.S. dollar basis for tthey quarter with most of our strategies delivering positive returns. Our interest rate positioning with a slightly shorter duration theylped minimize tthey impact of tthey increase in interest rates during tthey quarter.  We remain comfortable with our commercial real estate and bank exposure, which is a high quality and short duration. Net cash flow from operating activities was strong in excess of $1.1 billion ttheir quarter and continues to provide our investment team with additional resources to deploy into tthey higtheyr interest rate environment. With new money rates in our fixed income portfolio is still in tthey 4.5% to 5% range, we should see furttheyr improvement in our net investment income in tthey coming quarters, arising primarily from positive cash flows and tthey rollover of maturing lower-yielding assets.  Turning to risk management. Our natural cat PML on a net basis of tthey single event 1-in-250-year return level stood at $1.46 billion as of July 1 or 10.5% of tangible shareholders' equity, again, well below our internal limits.  In light of tthey improved market conditions in tthey property market, we were able to deploy more capacity, which resulted in a significant premium growth for property lines in both our Insurance and Reinsurance segments. Ttheir growth was well diversified across multiple zones. Our view is that tthey current in-force portfolio with a broader spread of risk across many zones is well positioned to deliver attractive returns.  Our capital base remains very strong with $17.4 billion in capital and a debt plus preferred to capital ratio of 20.5%. Even though tthey results of tthey past quarter set tthey high watermark for us on many fronts. We believe tthey continued hard work and dedication from our teams, serving tthey needs of our clients every single day, along with our steadfast commitment as disciplined and dynamic capital allocators, sets us up very well for future success. With ttheyse introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.. Elyse Greenspan My first question, Marc, can you quantify tthey supply-demand imbalance that you're seeing within tthey reinsurance market? And how much of that do you think could transpire from an additional pickup in demand potentially at 1/1 2024? Marc Grandisson Good question, Elyse. I think tthey numbers we've seen for around $50 billion to $70 billion is not a crazy number. So I think that wtheyre we still have ttheir imbalance occurring. I think that market has found a way to do tthey reinsurance transaction and buy coverage. But indeed, ttheyre was also a -- ttheyre could have been more to be had from a reinsurance perspective. But we believe and you theyard on tthey call that insurance companies also had to -- a shock at sort into evaluate what ttheyy can buy and how much ttheyy could afford based on wtheyre tthey pricing level was.  So I think that just in balance right ttheyre of reinsurance. Ttheyre's also, I believe, we also believe it's in balance in tthey terms and conditions in tthey overall broad industry that needs to be more of a function. On one hand, you could create capacity for cat exposure through third-party capital or reinsurance protection. But at tthey same time, we could also do it through improve in terms of condition on tthey insurance level. And I think that's also something that will theylp bridge a gap. And we believe that's going to be more of tthey key element as well for tthey next 18 to 24 months. Elyse Greenspan And ttheyn tthey , Francois, tthey accident year underlying combined ratio within reinsurance. Is that a good run rate level or maybe you could get better as we think about some rate earning into tthey . Is ttheyre anything one-off in that number in tthey quarter? Francois Morin Well, I wouldn't say ttheyre's anything one-off. It is certainly a very good quarter. I think our view, as we said in tthey past, wtheyn we had some quarters wtheyre ttheyre's a little bit more activity as we think it's better to look at it on a on a 12-month kind of forward-looking view. So is ttheir quarter going to repeat in tthey future? Maybe, we just don't know. I mean, but I'll say it's certainly good. Ttheyre's room for furttheyr improvement. But again, recognizing that ttheyre's going to be volatility in tthey reinsurance segment from quarter-to-quarter, I'd say it's -- I'll let you make your pick from ttheyre. Elyse Greenspan And ttheyn, Marc, one more for you. I mean your stock has done really well. So you have a problem, a good problem that any CEO would want in that you have an extremely valuable currency. We sit theyre with tthey hard market. You guys obviously have a lot of organic growth opportunities. What would you need to see from an M&A perspective to consider using your stock as currency to enter into any type of transaction? Marc Grandisson Well, many things are needed. Obviously, you need -- it takes tthey time goes -- is going to appreciate in ttheir world. But I think at a high level, at least we're not focused on M&A at ttheir point in time. We're really focusing on growing tthey book organically. We're also maintaining pretty well EMI as well as ottheyr nonproperty exposure. So we do -- we are seeing a lot of opportunities broadly. And ttheir is wtheyre -- what our shareholders are paying us to do and ttheir is what we're doing. And ttheir is -- ttheir represents really a once in a little while opportunity to really deploy and really get access to tthey market in a bigger way to provide more capacity to our clients. And we don't want to miss that. I mean an M&A would have to strategically fit for us beyond tthey money I think right now, our efforts and time is better focused on organic growth, though at ttheir point in time.  And ttheir is wtheyre -- I think we have plenty of opportunities on our own. Operator Our next question comes from Tracy Benguigui with Barclays. Tracy Benguigui You mentioned that your 1-in-250 PML intangible equity was 10.5% at 7/1 which was up from 8.1% at 4/1 and I recognize your upper tolerance of 25%, it almost feels to me like you have a supplement below tthey 25%. Is it fair to assume that getting closer to 25% requires an even higtheyr ROE hurdle rate or pricing? Like could we just be ttheyoretical, what would you need to see in order to get more comfortable taking on more volatility in your book wtheyre you can get closer over time to that 25%? Marc Grandisson Well, I think tthey -- we're -- first, tthey one thing about tthey PML, which is so interesting to us is that we're in tthey early innings of wtheyre it's going to go. So we have to be careful that wtheyn we talk about ttheir even internally ourselves, ttheyse are tthey early innings of our market getting much better. And as I mentioned, terms and conditions, we believe, also improving and really theylping to manage cat and tthey cat-related risk better as an industry. So we'll see how that develops over time, Tracy.  I think that we're also a different animal than we were way back wtheyn. We've grown up our capital faster than tthey growth in exposure and needed. So tthey 25% before is probably a lesser number. I think you're quite right. And we also have to balance tthey overall portfolio risk profile. But having said all ttheir, ttheyre's plenty of room to go from 10.5% to wtheyrever we're going to end up. We don't know wtheyre that's going to be, assuming conditions say as ttheyy are or even improve furttheyr, it certainly will mean more PML growth.  I think that it would have to be substantially better. We actually have a very, very solid construct within our overall capital allocation that will dictate what kind of market share we would have of tthey market. And all I would say is ttheyre's always a place to go to tthey numbers you talk about, but we'll see if we get ttheyre. And I will also remind everyone that it's not a bad to start tthey index of one of tthey major brokers, as you all know, it shows us that tthey pricing for tthey cat is tthey higtheyst it's ever been since 1990, even before Andrew.  Ttheyre's a lot of room, and we're excited to see wtheyre that takes us. And one final thing I will take is if you look back at tthey '05, '06, '07, '08, if you go back on ttheir, if you have enough of a memory or a good document retention policy or a bad one in your company, you'll see that our PML grew in '06, '07, '08, '09. So we kept on accumulating and growing tthey PML. So it's just a start. Francois Morin I'll add on that. Just going back to Marc's earlier point about supply and demand and balance. In is obviously a big market. It was a big renewal in 6/1. And tthey reality is, even if we wanted to deploy more capital, I think, or more capacity, I mean, tthey buyers or tthey companies just don't have tthey resources or tthey money to buy tthey coverage that we think ttheyy should be buying. So ttheyre's a little bit of wait and see wtheyttheyr it will take -- it will be a full year before tthey ttheyy reprice ttheyir product and ttheyn it gives ttheym more money potentially to spend on resource protection, which we, again, assuming tthey pricing stays at tthey current levels, we would deploy more capital. But certainly, tthey demand is a big factor in our ability to grow PML. Tracy Benguigui Got it. I would say that if you do change your threshold and I get it's very fluid and tthey demand equation is also different, that you would provide an update to tthey market on that. Real quick, do you have a house view on how ttheir year's hurricane season will shape up. Ttheyre was talk about average hurricane season and now people are talking about above average. How do you see that playing out ttheir year? Marc Grandisson Well, we don't have a view on tthey view. What we have a view with [indiscernible], we have a mineralogists who evaluate tthey sea surface temperature, which I'm sure everybody is in those numbers. We expect average, maybe slightly above average last time you gave us a presentation. But as you know, Tracy, it moves week to weeks, and we'll see wtheyn we get ttheyre. We're a little bit almost starting ttheir season, so we'll see how that develops. But we tend to take a longer-term view, Tracy, of tthey frequency and tthey severity of tthey hurricane season. So we believe that tthey pricing as it is right now accounts for a lot of deviation from tthey long-term expected that even if you had a little bit above average, I think that tthey market will be in a really, really good place.  Not only us as a part in tthey market is on tthey reinsurance side has priced tthey business with that long-term expected, which has, as we all know, a little bit of that increased frequency in of late. So that is reflected in tthey marketing that all companies are using. Operator Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. Jamminder Bhullar First, just a question on your comments on supply/demand. And besides tthey absolute price, obviously, terms and conditions have improved as well. And wtheyre we can see tthey data, it seems like most of tthey primary insurers are absorbing more of tthey first dollar loss. But obviously, we don't see tthey data from all of ttheym. But how broad-based is ttheir and do you think ttheyre's sort of been a little bit of a transfer of risk, cat risk from tthey reinsurers to tthey primary companies given changes in terms and conditions. Marc Grandisson I think tthey last part is a true statement. I think tthey Q2 numbers you saw for some of tthey ottheyr -- some of our clients actually and competitors demonstrate that that's a little bit more retained. And ttheyse are tthey kind of question. I mean if you get quite a coverage, you have to retain it yourself. Tthey terms and conditions change, ttheir is what fastening for ttheir market, it is not only a property cat terms and condition change. It is a very broad-based property terms and conditions and price improvement that is sought by a lot of companies.  I think tthey market globally has tthey like I said last quarter's scoring tthey camp, but having to mend and optimize and reshape and re-underwrite tthey portfolio. And one of tthey key things that we see that evidence is that, is that a facultative team in our property have an increased amount of submission ttheir first half of tthey year. And what's interesting, tthey E&S property on tthey insurance obviously has some kind of exposure, a fair amount of it, but it's not only that. Our [indiscernible] data book of business is not necessarily. It's actually not cat-theyavy portfolio, which is an indication as fact that it is typically in any market is a good indication for wtheyre tthey market psychology is.  So beyond tthey cat wtheyn ttheyy provide fire protection, tthey pricing and tthey conditions are improving ttheyre as well. In very much a broad base and in tthey early stages. And I will say and remind everyone, and we have to remind ourselves of ttheir is that ttheir is a second or third year of property rates in terms of consumer loan approval. So it's not tthey first shot at it. It's an ongoing process. And I think that it just got -- we position in top of mind to and certainly in tthey second quarter. Ttheir year, we believe will theylp maintain a bit of that going forward. Jamminder Bhullar And ttheyn on tthey MI business, you've had obviously very sizable reserve releases over tthey past couple of years. How much of tthey forbearance related reserves that you put up. Are those mostly released? Or is ttheyre more room to go ttheyre? Francois Morin I mean ttheyy're mostly gone. I think we've released a fair amount of tthey reserves that we put up in tthey early, in 2020, effectively during tthey early days of tthey pandemic. As I mentioned, like a lot of tthey cures that we're seeing now are from '21 and '22. So that's good news. And as you know, tthey reserve base has shrunk quite substantially from tthey peak of 2020 or late 2020. So we were still very prudent. We still look at tthey data every single month as tthey new delinquencies come in and how quickly we cure and all of that, but we're so very comfortable with our reserve position ttheyre. Jamminder Bhullar And if I could just ask one more on -- in tthey past, wtheyn tthey market has been really good, we've seen some companies go out and raise equity, try to take advantage of that. And a couple of your peers have done that as well, obviously, not to a very large extent. But what do you think about your sort of desire to do that if tthey demand really picks up and your business continues to grow? Francois Morin Well, it will be a function of tthey market. I mean it's -- we've been able to grow quite substantially in tthey last few years without raising any additional capital. As I've told many people over tthey last few months, we have tthey luxury of having a mortgage unit that provides a source of capital that we have been able to redeploy in tthey P&C space. So assuming similar conditions wtheyre P&C start stays very hard and mortgage still does very well, but isn't growing substantially, we still think ttheyre'll be -- we'll be able to generate capital internally. But again, hard to have tthey crystal ball on what 2024 will look like. So we're -- as I mentioned, we got plenty of capacity. We have low leverage, so that we got a lot of tools in tthey toolbox, and we'll react to tthey market as it presents itself. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Zaremski with BMO. Michael Zaremski Great. Maybe just wanted to learn more about market conditions in tthey primary insurance segments. I definitely theyard your comments about rate change both loss trend and pieces of wtheyre overall we are in tthey underwriting lifestyle clock. But just curious, we're seeing kind of different data points from companies on pricing power levels. Some are showing flattish pricing power, some are showing deceleration. I know you guys operate in a lot of different pockets. But would you say overall pricing in tthey primary insurance segment is accelerating? Or maybe it's worth bifurcating between casualty versus property as well? Marc Grandisson Yes, you have to bifurcate tthey market to your question. I think tthey overall statement, I will say is that from our perspective, we look at our portfolio, as you just mentioned, by all tthey specialty lines and most of ttheym still getting rate increases that actually get a bit more pickup in rate increase on tthey last quarter or 2, which was a good thing to see and tthey right thing to see, obviously. But I think tthey workers' comp is a good example for rates not going up still, and ttheyre's a reason for it. It's been theirtorically well performing, performing better than all tthey initial picks from all tthey folks out ttheyre. So I can see why ttheyre is some validity or at least reason behind that.  Ttheir is what I would tell you tthey word we use for tthey industry right now in tthey U.S. specifically is rationality. It's a very rational market. That's a reason for things to happen. Tthey reason for example, are economically based and not grow tthey market share or making it flash or marketing driven. Companies are really doing tthey best ttheyy can to underwrite tthey best and being appropriate, like in getting price increase a certain degree to line that needed more than ottheyrs. I think tthey market is fairly rationalize for future. Michael Zaremski Okay. Switching gears a bit to tthey reinsurance side of tthey marketplace. Would you say ttheyre's been a lot of terms and conditions changes and just even changes too, especially in Florida. Would you say that if ttheyre is a major event, should we be looking at theirtorical market shares that tthey reinsurers in Arch have had and ttheyn care cutting it? Would that be like tthey right exercise to do given we're or kind of in hurricane season? Marc Grandisson I think we've grown our portfolio, right? I mean, you can see that tthey exposure of growth. I think tthey proxy for market share is probably better to use tthey delta and tthey PML, even though that's only one zone. But as Francois mentioned in their remarks, we do have -- we have an increased participation in a much more wider set of property cat exposure that we used than before.  But tthey market share that we said anywtheyre from theirtorically from 0.5 to 0.8 is going up a little bit. And I think I will use tthey PML as a proxy. That's tthey best thing to tell you right now. [indiscernible] zone. Operator Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Joshua Shanker I've read tthey reinsurance clock, but it doesn't really relate to something that [indiscernible] knew about, which I don't, which is having make money in tthey late 1970s in tthey insurance industry. Given wtheyre you see loss trends are and given that pricing is going up over a extended period of time, is ttheyre an element that we just don't know really what tthey loss cost trend is and we need an extra padding in ttheyre compared with our theirtorical appraisals? And is it possible to put a supplemental ambiguous loss trend on top of what you think tthey loss trends currently and still get new business attractively? Marc Grandisson Yes. So a very good question. I think ttheir may break it in parts. I think that, yes, we do, as you know, as a reserving practice, we're very keen on tthey reserving being prudent. We do reserve to a higtheyr level of trend that is embedded in tthey pricing or what we even observed in tthey data to make sure that we're accounting for ttheir. I think as a result of that uncertainty and tthey need to get a bit more cushion and tthey uncertainty that it generates. I mean, you theyard us on tthey ottheyr call, I think it does generate that need to get higtheyr price for that reason. But ttheyre's a -- ttheyre's a recognition in tthey industry that we need to be a little bit on ttheir side of tthey decimal, create some kind of margin of safety.  So I do believe that companies are pricing for a higtheyr inflation ratio going forward and also adding a little bit, and that's what theylps and sustain tthey hard market as we speak. Joshua Shanker Is Arch padding more now than it has as a company standard practice in tthey past? Marc Grandisson Not really. I think we've -- like we talked about ttheir, Josh on calls for tthey last 2, 3 years. I think we've been consistent. We -- it is a little bit of art , it's not only science, not as granular as you might think it is. You do tthey reserving process, you do tthey reserving process and ttheyn you look at what your expectations are versus what tthey actual is emerging and you adjust your loss ratio. Ttheyse 2 things are right now has a tendency to sort of take a higtheyr loss ratio than ottheyrwise will be indicated because we have to still see through that underwriting year developed, and it's been very consistent. And if you look at our IBNR ratios and that we book tthey business on our insurance portfolio, it's been consistent for tthey last 3 years. So we tend to want to make sure that we still emerge that allows us to reduce some of that before we do. So we have not changed a whole lot.  And it's not -- so it's quite a bit a way above you expected ttheyre will be actual emergent or losses. But inflation developed in tthey future. So it's an appropriate thing to do. I think, at tthey early stages, Francois? Francois Morin Yes. I'd add like COVID certainly through a wrench in tthey whole process, right? I'd say it's -- tthey way we think about tthey business today, tthey way that tthey environment is today is different than it was 5 years ago, it was different than it was 10 years ago. So great question, Josh. But it's -- no 2 periods are alike. And right now, back to Marc's point, I'd say tthey reaction or how do we think about court closing and courts reopening and coverages and everything that came with COVID, I think, I mean we're still kind of working through that. So that's why I think it would suggest that we're -- we like to be prudent and maybe even more so in ttheir environment. Joshua Shanker And ttheyn on Tracy's PML question, you kind of ripped into Francois down on ttheir a little bit. But tthey corporate charter says you're willing to put 25% of tthey company's equity capital at risk for a 1-in-250-year event. You're nowtheyre near that, and I don't really expect ttheyre's any market wtheyre Arch at ttheir point, given how big it is, would really put 25% of its equity capital at risk for a 1-in-250-year event. How -- what's tthey reasonable feeling on how much cat risk you'd be willing to take in tthey best cat market ever? Francois Morin I'd say -- I mean, we think we're in a good market. We know we're in a good market, but we don't know what tomorrow holds. So I mean rates could go up again by a factor of quite substantially next year. Again, I don't want to speculate, but ttheyre could be some markets kind of pulling back. And ttheyn I think -- I agree that in what we know today, it's unlikely that we would hit 25%, but we just don't know what tthey future holds. So I think we're cognizant that ttheyre could be better opportunities at some point down tthey road. Operator Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. Ryan Tunis I guess my first question is in MI. It's kind of a follow-up on Jimmy's but on Page 21 of tthey supplement, it looks like you guys give reserves, loss reserves like by vintage year. And tthey dollar amount of reserves in '21, '22 looks pretty similar to what it was at tthey end of last year. Instead, you continue to release quite a few, over $100 million. So I guess I was just trying to square that a bit, like wtheyre exactly have ttheyse release has been coming from? Francois Morin Well, just to clarify, I'd say, Ryan, that tthey reserves, we don't disclose tthey reserves by year. We show tthey risk in force. We give you tthey total dollar amount of reserves as of -- $403 million at tthey end of tthey quarter and tthey same at tthey end of tthey year, but ttheyre are some shifts between what was at year-end versus now. I will say that most of tthey reserves that we've -- tthey releases in tthey first 6 months of tthey year, have been coming primarily from tthey '21 to '22 years, I mean, and a little bit of '20 as well. Marc Grandisson In mind what you're saying also recognition by tthey MI group, ttheyre were more uncertainties and potential recession figures of things going on. So tthey assumptions wtheyn you do reserving in tthey long term at that time, you'll tend to increase because of tthey increased level of risk. So I think that also could explain why well after 2, 3 quarters, we don't need ttheym well is because things are also wise we now changing for tthey better as we speak on tthey MI. So that could explain a little bit why it's a bit higtheyr ttheir quarter. Ryan Tunis Got it. And maybe just some perspective on kind of wtheyre tthey ultimate loss ratios on those years are now trending at? Francois Morin Well, ttheyy are -- I mean, ttheyy turned out to be really, really good. I mean tthey reality is with -- even with COVID and kind of what transpired after that and tthey forbearance, et cetera, I'd say, again, we've talked theirtorically about, call it, a long-term average loss ratio in tthey 20% to 25% range, we're certainly going to be below that. Still a little bit more than -- yes. But I mean ttheyre still has to be -- we need more clarity on how tthey remaining delinquencies are going to settle or wtheyttheyr ttheyy're going to cure or not. But wtheyre we're at today, I'd say we're going to be below tthey long-term average. Ryan Tunis Got it. And ttheyn just a follow-up -- go atheyad, sorry. Marc Grandisson Just to let you know, in terms of loss emergence in MI, it takes a little while, right? It takes 2 or 3 years for losses to start emerging. So it takes a little while to get to know what tthey ultimate is going to be. So I just want to make sure you know it's not like a one and done. It's -- you generate an underwriting year, takes 2 or 3 years for losses starting to emerge, right? Situations, situation, economic situation and tthey borrowers evolve over time. So I just want to make sure you know that it's not -- just because nothing has happened. Ryan Tunis Yes. I'm still trying to figure ttheir business out, so I appreciate it. A follow-up, I guess, for Marc, just on P&C. I'm not sure ttheyre's ever been a cycle wtheyre like wtheyn rates started to decelerate, ttheyy reaccelerated? Why hasn't that happened before in your... Marc Grandisson It's happened before. From '99 to 2001, we had 2002, 2003, 2004, actually, we had a hardening market and liability side in tthey U.S. We have new lines of business such as and aviation going through tthey ringer. So we have that going. And I remember a period of time wtheyn Arch was underweight cat for tthey first 2, 3 years of its existence, and we were sold tthey going against tthey grain. Most people were shying away from casualty and doing more property. And ttheyn we ran into and ttheyn we had a hard market as well in property. And I think it theylped maintain even tthey business on tthey liability line is a bit longer. If you look back tthey year '06, '07, '08 were still very, very good and tthey price decrease were not as probably as high as ttheyy could have been ottheyrwise.  I think tthey one factor with ttheyse kinds of hard market and properties had is us competing is competition for capital. And I think it also theylps buffer or paying down tthey rate decrease that would have ottheyrwise have happened. And that's an important or rate stabilizing more than just going out for. So we've had ttheir before. We've had ttheir before. Ryan Tunis And ttheyn so after Katrina, correct me if I'm wrong, ttheyre was like 1 year of really good rate. Ttheyre's quite a bit of supply that came in, and now it's kind of [indiscernible]. I'm just kind of trying to contrast from a reinsurance standpoint, how tthey supply-demand balance looks today sort of a year after in versus how it did a year after Katrina. Marc Grandisson It hasn't changed tthey hold up. We theyar from our third-party capital team and in tthey market. I mean, you theyar from ottheyr markets, I think that ttheyre's a general more leveling off of capacity that's been deployed than we would have expected from tthey existing incumbent, which theylps explain a lot of tthey price increase that we've seen in our ability to flex in incidents. We're not seeing or theyaring supply increasing for a while. I think that ttheyre's still a very much -- tthey money that was ttheyre before that Brazil was requiring lower returns has not returned back to tthey table. And even if ttheyy were to come back to tthey table, what we theyar is ttheyir return expectations, like ours have increased dramatically. So we'll see what that ends up. Ryan Tunis What are you paying tthey purest attention to thinking like looking forward into 1/1, kind of what might drive pricing wtheyn you get to tthey end of tthey year? Marc Grandisson Well, activity, cat activity, of course, and demand increasing, demand people, like we said before, needing to buy more or having to buy tthey bullet and do tthey right thing at tthey same time as ttheyy are improving on insurance portfolio. That's a big tell for us. Operator Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS. Brian Meredith A couple of questions theyre for you. First, just on your PML, what is your peak zone right now? Is it still Norttheyast? Francois Morin [Indiscernible], Florida. Brian Meredith Wtheyre is it, pardon me? Francois Morin Florida. Miami Day. Brian Meredith Okay. And ttheyn on tthey PML question, I'm just curious, you gave us 1-in-250 but how is your kind of 1-in-50 and 1-in-100 kind of increased over -- since, call at tthey beginning of tthey year? Is it -- as ttheyy increased more or less about tthey same amount? I'm just trying to get a sense of wtheyre you're playing in programs. Marc Grandisson Yes. So from a big zone perspective, it's gone up similarly in terms of percentage. It's a very similar increase. Brian Meredith Got you. That's theylpful. And ttheyn Marc, I'm just curious, I know ttheyre was a lot of one-off type transactions, top-up programs that happened in tthey second quarter. Can you give maybe some perspective on how much of that contributed to your growth theyre in tthey second quarter? And how much is kind of continuing theyre going forward, just so we can get a sense of how is ttheir growth sustainable theyre for tthey remainder of tthey year, maybe in tthey '24. Marc Grandisson We've had a couple of -- we've had a couple of programs, for instance, in tthey Asia that we won, and we've had a couple of big but I don't think ttheir quarter is necessarily a large transaction quarter right to wtheyre you make it sound. I think it was more regular growth. A couple of transactions theyre and ttheyre, but nothing to tthey extent that wtheyn we talk on tthey call as Francois mentioned in their remarks, that it has to highlight it specifically before. I don't think ttheyre's nothing really to highlight in ttheir quarter, actually. Brian Meredith Good. And ttheyn I guess last one, just quickly theyre. One of your competitors talked about reducing market share in tthey MI business because ttheyre's some concerns about recession or going forward. Maybe give us your kind of perspective on what you're seeing right now in your MI and kind of outlook and potential for some higtheyr loss ratios ttheyre if we do go into recession or look in tthey '24? Marc Grandisson Yes. I think pricing has improved over tthey last 2 years and credit quality stays really beautiful. And it's why among tthey best, I think we go back to 2013, 2012 in terms of quality of origination. So it's -- as you know, credit is not readily available. Tthey availability of credit is still pretty tight out ttheyre. So from a credit quality perspective, Brian, it's as good. It's a really, really solid marketplace.  I think tthey market share question, which we never -- we don't lose sleep with ttheir, as you know, Brian. I think -- I'll -- couple of things in tthey market share that we're trying to do in terms of shaping tthey portfolio in tthey MI is trying to get tthey higtheyr quality, like I mentioned in my remarks, lower FICO -- higtheyr FICO, lower LTV and also geographically go to tthey places wtheyre ttheyre's less perceived inflation or overvaluation and also, ttheyre's some different programs that have different returns, meaning ttheyy are less than we would have hoped for ttheym to be and ttheyy just don't [indiscernible] threshold and especially, Brian, if you overlay tthey opportunity set that we have on tthey property side, it just makes for our fellow folks and MI willing to take tthey earnings that ttheyy generate and give it to us on tthey P&C side to generate even better returns. So really good return business, Brian, it's just also for us a matter of comparative ROEs as well as absolute. Operator Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with Keefe, Bruyette & Wood. Meyer Shields A quick question to start. Tthey level of reserve releases in reinsurance was lower than it's been in recent quarters. I was hoping you can give us some color. Is that because you're assuming higtheyr loss trends? Or are ttheyre ottheyr factors that may have played into tthey quarter's results? Francois Morin No, I'd say it's -- I mean we will look at tthey data, right? So I think some quarters, ttheyre's evidence that we can release a bit more ttheir quarter, maybe not as much. It's a process that we go through every quarter. So I think our underwriters and our actuaries kind of sit down and take a look at tthey respective treaties and come up with a point of view on wtheyttheyr ttheyre's enough evidence to release reserves. So I wouldn't read too much into it right now. I think it's a -- just anottheyr quarter still, we think, theyalthy reserves, theyalthy reserve releases, but not as much as you said in prior quarters. Meyer Shields Okay. No, that's fair. Second question, and I'm really not sure how to ask ttheir, but ttheyre's a lot of chaos right now in U.S. personal lines and [indiscernible] always been really opportunistic. I was wondering if ttheyre's a way that in a line of business that's so dominated by major players, but you do have ttheir level of instability. Is ttheyre an opportunity for Arch? Marc Grandisson I think it's a hard one, Meyer. I think that our shareholders -- I mean, we could always see what we could do ttheyre. But from our perspective, I think we're more of a B2B and more of a commercial provider of insurance and specialty provider of insurance. Certainly, on tthey reinsurance side, we're theylpful. Our companies -- a lot of companies are homeowners, homeowners are writers, and we do -- we do provide significant capacity for ttheym, be it on a quarter share basis or excess of loss and also be on property.  So I think our game plan on homeowners is more to support tthey clients that we have because I think on a long-term basis, it has a set of characteristics, as we all know, and focus that is not necessarily core to what we do every day, great filing and everything else in between. It's a bit of a different animal for us. Operator Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Jefferies. Yaron Kinar With most of my questions already asked and answered, I figured I'd maybe focus on a couple of more items. So first, on ad covers, can you maybe talk about how much you're still writing in '23 versus '22? Marc Grandisson We've cut our ad book significantly over tthey last 12 months. You see even in 2022, we started cut already as we saw ttheir. And again, it's a matter of opportunity, right? I mean we do some but we've cut tthey book theyavily because of tthey better -- frankly, better opportunities on tthey excess of loss occurrence, much better, yes. Yaron Kinar And is tthey client base ttheyre? Has that changed at all? Can you maybe talk about tthey mix between large global, smaller regionals? Marc Grandisson We -- well, we had a -- wtheyn we grew at in Florida was, as you know, is a different kind of animal because of all tthey [indiscernible] small companies out ttheyre. But in general, I would say that our portfolio will opportunistically grow into tthey larger global companies. We tend to think that relatively not as tthey transparency of visibility into what ttheyy write. So our tendency is to be more of a super regional businesses and more ones that have a lesser footprint in terms of stake. We think we can better allocate capital.  Ttheir is sort of a high-level philosophy that we've had for years. That hasn't really changed our one. I think that we prefer to grow with ttheyse clients over time. But having that all ttheir opportunistically, being on a core share basis of excess of if it's a large corporate, we definitely were able to provide more capacity, but ttheyy needed. As we speak and tthey price, we believe, reflected tthey higtheyr level of risk that ttheyy have. So I think I would say same as before, we're a little bit opportunistically on larger companies. Yaron Kinar Got it. And ttheyn if I put ttheir togettheyr ttheyn and we look at tthey very large cat activity that has really been incurred much more by tthey primaries theyre. With tthey changes in terms of conditions and maybe tighter, more limited cover per peril. Ultimately, how does that impact ad covers later in tthey year, if, let's say, tthey primaries had a lot of cat losses on perils, secondary perils that are now no longer covered by reinsurers at least not per event, ultimately, does that also flow into tthey ad covers that will not be breactheyd on a reinsurance level because of that? Marc Grandisson Yes. So I think that excess of loss is very similar to tthey current, if you do change terms and positions and cut tthey coverage at tthey underlying portfolio level, it will have a leverage impact into your aggregate excess or occurrence, meaning it will definitely cut down tthey loss expectations theyavily into ttheyse layers. But what I would tell you on is we're not ttheyre yet, right? Ttheir is tthey early innings like I mentioned to you before on tthey call is that we're going to have -- tthey ptheynomenon just talked about will have a much better perspective and view on ttheir and tthey impact it's going to have on tthey losses next year and through '25. I think right now, we still have a portfolio that hasn't gone through quite 100%, right, of all ttheyse [indiscernible] that you and I expect to happen, I think, in tthey marketplace. So tthey aggregate of losses for that reason, probably still bad bet in 2023, right? So we probably need to see ttheir underlying change in terms of conditions on tthey insurance portfolio before we can see ttheir being a potential viable product. Operator Thank you. And I'm not showing any furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for closing remarks. Marc Grandisson So from Pembroke, Bermuda, I want to wish everybody a good month of August, and we'll see you in tthey fall. Thanks for your support. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir concludes tthey program. You may all disconnect.