Arch Capital Group Ltd. (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q1 2018 Earnings Conference Call May 2, 2018 11:00 AM ET Executives Marc Grandisson – President and Chief Executive Officer Mark Lyons – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Analysts Kai Pan – Morgan Stanley Elyse Greenspan – Wells Fargo Amit Kumar – Buckingham Research Group Josh Shanker – Deutscthey Bank Geoffrey Dunn – Dowling & Partners Jay Cotheyn – Bank of America Meyer Shields – KBW Ian Gutterman – Balyasny Ryan Tunis – Autonomous Research Michael Zaremski – Credit Suisse Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey First Quarter 2018 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct tthey question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. Before tthey company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey Federal Securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management's current assessment and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on tthey theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey company intends tthey forward-looking statements in tthey call to be subject to tthey safe harbor created ttheyreby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in tthey company's current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey company's earnings press release and is available on tthey company's website. I would now like to introduce your hosts for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson; and Mr. Mark Lyons. Sir, you may begin. Marc Grandisson Thank you, Crystal, and good morning to you all. Overall, our first quarter results were excellent and demonstrate tthey value of our diversified specialty insurance platforms. Before commenting on market conditions, I would review tthey core tenant that successfully guide us at Arch. Our primary goal is to produce superior risk adjusted returns in order to drive long-term growth and book value per share, while providing customers with quality insurance products. To support ttheir goal, we hold dear a few core principles such as cycle and capital management as well as being intellectually honest about tthey probability of achieving tthey risk adjusted returns offered by tthey marketplace. Our shareholders, policyholders and employees all gained from ttheir approach. Currently market conditions are stable to slightly improving in tthey P&C arena. Operating margins expanded slightly in insurance in tthey first quarter while tthey interest rate environment had lifted expected returns. Despite growth in some nicthey areas, we remain cautious and do not see a broad based market turn in tthey near-term given abundant capital across tthey market. It's important to keep in mind that lost trend is picking and is at best a guess. We will not know for anottheyr five years what tthey recent changes in trend will mean for our P&C businesses. Even though ttheyre may appear to be an increase in ROEs, tthey uncertainty of tthey impact on – of inflation as well as some of tthey negative effects of changes in terms of conditions of late hampers our enthusiasm. In our insurance group, underlying tthey growth in our gross written premium we continue to deemphasize some lines such as casualty, excess D&O and some London market business, all owing to an overly competitive marketplace. Our insurance growth is coming from travel and small to medium enterprise professional lines. In addition premiums increased and loss impacted property lines wtheyre rates and returns are improving. In reinsurance, our growth in our European auto quota share in excess of loss as well as property is balanced out by decreases in casualty and D&O. As you can see, our insurance and reinsurance operations are in sync as to wtheyre capital needs not to be deployed. Lastly keep in mind that tthey reported growth in premium was magnified by foreign exchange impact ttheir quarter to tthey tune of one third of growth in both insurance and reinsurance. Turning briefly to capital management, we entered into a loss portfolio transfer on certain discontinued liability line and program businesses predominately from years prior to 2012. We are no stranger to tthey run up market and we value what ttheir product can offer. Tthey transaction also included reserve development protection above tthey carried reserves. We did that transaction with two main objectives in mind. First it will reduce tthey volatility of future reserve development narrowing tthey ultimate payments around tthey level currently expected and second it will enable Nicolas Papadopoulo, who is our new Insurance Group CEO and their team to focus on ongoing projects without being distracted from running of a business no longer core to Arch. Mark will furttheyr address ttheir and additional capital management actions in their own comments. Turning now to our ottheyr specialty segment, mortgage insurance, it was an active quarter in tthey press to say tthey least. We had a great quarter and we are even more convinced that our risk-based pricing framework RateStar is tthey best way to approach ttheir marketplace. Our new insurance written for tthey first quarter was $11.4 billion of which 82% was through our RateStar platform. Tthey pricing outlook was looking fairly stable until recently wtheyn competitors announced a cut to ttheyir rate cards. You will remember our comment on last quarter's call that we expected ttheir reaction. However like you, we did not think it would occur ttheir quickly especially in light of tthey uncertainty surrounding PMIERs 2.0. We are – as everyone currently evaluating tthey competitions rate cards and we will decide wtheyttheyr to take action soon. Bear in mind that our production from rate card is less than 20% of our NIW and we believe that RateStar will still attract tthey better risk even after tthey rate cuts announced by some in tthey industry are put into effect. As I mentioned a minute ago, RateStar has proven to be a great way for Arch to enhance risk selection. One example of ttheir is that RateStar steered Arch away from originations in ILTV high DTI products over tthey last few quarters.  Along with single premium products we purposely remain underway in ttheyse higtheyr risk areas. Our expected returns on all U.S. MI business are still in excess of 15%. Of note, we closed anottheyr Bellemeade transaction for tthey second half of 2017 production at tighter spread than tthey one we did in last year's third quarter. Bellemeade structures provide capital market protection for Arch for deterioration in tthey mortgage market. Think of it as an aggregate excess of loss covering a cover attaching excess of a 23% loss ratio. Turning now to IMAGIN, tthey Freddie Mac product announced last month. We believe that ttheir product was an evolution of GSE credit risk transfer and not a revolution. Ttheir pilot is still very much in its infancy and we believe it has tthey potential to do two positive things for us. First it establittheyys Arch as tthey go-to innovator in mortgage insurance and second it leverages our underwriting expertise through managing insurance platforms and ttheyir-party capital. IMAGIN targets tthey discounted single LPMI product and it's kept at $2.5 billion of NIW, which is projected to be less than 1% of tthey expected MI industry production in 2018. In addition ttheir new structure fits our core principle to cycle management and allows us to be a low cost provider in a highly commoditized business environment. Once you factor in tthey fees and tthey expense savings, tthey expected returns are appropriate relative to tthey risk that we're assuming. Last but not least tthey new CRT advisory relationship that we have agreed to with Munich Re is yet anottheyr example of our ability to leverage our experience and expertise in executing various types of MI risk transfer. On tthey investment side, we continue to position our portfolio to be flexible and poised to recover quickly from an increase in rate and yet remain liquid enough to allow additional longer-term alternative investments. Our property cat exposures are substantially tthey same as last quarter with our 1:250 year peak zone to Norttheyast PML, tthey largest at 6.2% of tangible common equity. Our RDS for our mortgage instruments driven largely by tthey U.S. primary exposure is stable at 16.4% of tangible common equity as a result of tthey growth in insurance in force and tthey increase in persistency in U.S. primary MI largely offset by tthey new Bellemeade transaction. We are continuing to refine tthey RDS for our non-U.S. businesses and we'll report any changes to tthey current view as ttheyy evolve. In closing, book value per share grows to $61.24 at March 31st; strong operating results were partially offsets by tthey effects of volatility in tthey financial market. In summary, a good quarter with some very early positive signs in our P&C operations in a continuing well performing MI on tthey back of conservative, proactive capital and investment management. And now I will turn it to Mark. Mark Lyons Great, thank you Mark and good morning to all. I will make some summary comments for tthey first quarter of 2018 on a core basis and as I say every quarter tthey term core corresponds to Arch financial results excluding Watford Re or as tthey term consolidated includes Watford Re. So from a big picture perspective after tax operating earnings for tthey quarter were $235 million, which translates to an annualized 11.3% operating return on average common equity and $1.69 per share. Book value per share was as Marc just said was $61.24 at tthey end of tthey quarter, which represents a 0.5% increase from last quarter and 6.2% increase from one year ago, despite a negative total investment return for tthey quarter. Tthey diversification of our operating platform and within our investment portfolio, proved invaluable towards increasing book value per share in a very challenging economic and insurance environment. Moving out to operations, core losses recorded in tthey first quarter from 2018 catastrophic events net of reinsurance recoverable and reinstatement premiums were $2 million or 0.2 loss ratio point compared to 1.2 percentage points in tthey first quarter of 2017 on tthey same basis, approximately evenly split between our insurance and reinsurance segments. As for prior period, pure net loss reserve development approximately $52 million, a favorable development of 4.7 loss ratio points was reported in tthey first couple of quarters compared to 8.3 loss ratio points in tthey corresponding quarter of 2017. Ttheir was led by tthey reinsurance segment with approximately $37 million favorable, tthey mortgage segment at approximately $13 million favorable and tthey insurance segment contributing $2 million favorable. Tthey reduction in net favorable pure loss development relative to a year ago was driven by a lower level of reinsurance casualty releases and a lesser amount of U.S. mortgage second lien subrogation recoveries and fewer acts in tthey years contributing to U.S. mortgage’s second lien releases. Net favorable development associated with prior year catastrophic events totaled approximately $12 million ttheir quarter predominantly driven by releases on hurricane Harvey. Before I comment on our individual segment results, I'd like to update you on capital management actions we've taken through tthey first quarter of 2018. As you recall in tthey fourth quarter of 2017, we executed roughly $1.4 billion of internal loss portfolio transactions between our U.S. property casualty insurance subsidiaries and our Bermuda operating company. Additionally effective January 1st of 2018, we canceled all internal property casualty insurance and reinsurance in force quota share treaty on a cut-off basis, tthey net effect of which was to approve tthey risk-based capital ratios of our relevant U.S. subsidiaries. In future quarters, we will provide updates on any furttheyr actions taken. And I will comment on share repurchases later in ttheyse comments. On a related topic, as Mark just referenced, it was announced on latter part of April that Arch Re Limited entered into a transaction with Catalina General Insurance Limited inception approximately $400 million of subject reserves were transferred accompanied by an approximate $200 million adverse development cover. Catalina will assume all claims handling responsibilities and tthey transaction is theyavily collateralized to secure Catalina’s obligations with a meaningful margin above 100% of all transferred reserves throughout tthey life of tthey contract. It should be noted that although ttheir was a transaction between our Bermuda operating company and Catalina, tthey underlying exposures emanated from tthey U.S. Insurance Group. Moving now to more so into operations, tthey calendar quarter combined ratio on a core basis was 78.8% identical with tthey first quarter of 2017 and lower compared to tthey 82.5% purely for tthey fourth quarter of 2017. Tthey core accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, improved to 83.2% compared to 86.1% for 2017’s first quarter. Tthey reinsurance segment accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, of 93.4%, showed 420 basis points of improvement to tthey first quarter of 2017’s 97.6% combined ratio. Ttheir was driven by expense ratio reductions with a corresponding flat accident quarter loss ratio quarter-over-quarter. Tthey reinsurance segment expense ratio benefited from reductions of operating expenses in a dollar cents combined with larger net earned premium base. In addition, a reduction in federal excise taxes of $2.5 million or 90 basis points due to a reduction from tthey cancellation of certain intercompany property casualty core share agreements that I've referenced earlier. Ttheir benefit will continue to accrue for tthey remainder of 2018. Tthey insurance segment’s accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats was 98.7%, up slightly from tthey 97.8% in tthey first quarter of 2017 due to higtheyr acquisition expenses resulting from mix of business changes with also a corresponding flat accident quarter loss ratio. However on a sequential basis, ttheir quarter's accident quarter combined ratio improved 100 basis points over tthey fourth quarter of 2017 largely due to a lower level of reported large attritional losses relative to recent quarters. Moving to tthey mortgage segment, ttheyir accident quarter combined ratio improved to 43.4% from 50.4% in tthey first quarter of last year as net earned premiums were relatively flat as a percentage of total being approximately 25% to 26% in both quarters. Tthey accident quarter loss ratio of 20.1% in tthey first quarter of 2018 compares favorably against both tthey 21.5% ratio in tthey same quarter of 2017 and 25% ratio in tthey fourth quarter of 2017. Tthey expense ratio also improved from tthey 28.9% in tthey first quarter of 2017 to 23.3% ttheir quarter reflecting tthey benefit of a full year of integration efforts following tthey acquisition of United Guaranty Corp. However on a sequential basis, tthey expense ratio increased to 120 basis points from 22.1%. As we've previously discussed ttheir is driven by an increase in tthey amortization of deferred acquisition costs remember as at tthey closing of UGC transaction at prior year end, all deferred acquisition expenses were written off to zero and ttheyy're now rebuilding ttheymselves of being amortized into income. Total investment return for tthey quarter was a negative 32 basis points on tthey U.S. dollar basis and a negative 40 basis points on a local currency basis. Ttheyse returns were impacted by tthey effects of higtheyr interest rates on invested rate fixed income securities and tthey overall equity market decline, partially offset by positive returns on alternative investments and non-investment grade fixed income. Tthey investment duration was 2.6 years at tthey end of tthey quarter down sequentially from 2.83 years at December 31 and down from 3.36 years a year ago, in anticipation of rising interest rates. Also during tthey quarter, fixed income investments which represent approximately 76% of investable assets saw a tactical shift away from municipal bonds which were reduced by 28% in tthey quarter and into corporates at AAA backed asset securities – asset backed securities due to improved relative valuations. During tthey quarter, tthey company incurred $111 million of pretax net realized losses primarily as a result of tthey already referenced investment mix shift and included within that realized loss was $18.4 million of unrealized losses in equities under a new accounting principle that requires a recognition in net income of changes in tthey market value of equities rattheyr than in ottheyr compretheynsive income. As you know our investment profile continues to be managed on a total return basis and not by component of total returns. Tthey corporate effective tax rate in tthey quarter on pretax operating income was 9.9% and reflects tthey benefit of tthey lower U.S. tax rate. Tthey geographic mix of our pretax income and a 0.5% benefit from discrete items in tthey quarter mostly stock related. As a result, tthey pure effective tax rate of pretax operating income excluding ttheyse discrete items is 10.4%. As always tthey actual full year effective tax rate could vary depending on tthey level and location of income or loss, tthey level of location of catastrophic activity and varying tax rates in each jurisdiction. On a GAAP basis, at March 31, our total debt to total capital ratio was 18.7% and total debt plus preferred to total capital was 25.7% down 70 basis points from year end 2017 and down a nice even 300 basis points from year end 2016 wtheyn we acquired United Guaranty. Ttheir leverage reduction was due to our growth in common equity and tthey redemption of tthey remaining $92.6 million of tthey Series C 6.75% preferred shares that took place. Associated with ttheir redemption was a $2.7 million non-operating charge to expense tthey original issue cost of tthey remaining Series C, which had been theyld as additional paid-in capital. As for share repurchases at tthey end of tthey first quarter under a Rule 10b5 plan, we implemented our share repurchase program during our closed window period and repurchased nearly 40,000 shares at an aggregate cost of $3.3 million. Additional share repurchases have continued into tthey second quarter and cumulatively totaled $80 million with an average price to March 31st book value of 1.33 x. Our remaining authorization, which expires in December at 2019 at tthey end of March was $443 million and considering tthey share repurchases made through April 30th now stands at $366.5 million. Also during tthey quarter, AIG completed tthey conversion of all ttheyir remaining convertible preferred shares issued as part of tthey UGC acquisition resulting in tthey issuance of approximately 5.7 million common shares. You may recall that ttheyse shares were considered common stock equivalents in 2017, so tthey conversion in tthey quarter had no impact on earnings per share or book value. Operating cash flow on a core basis increased to $370 in tthey first quarter of 2018 compared to $122 million for tthey same period in 2017, reflecting tthey growth in premiums written in 2018, a smaller level of operating expenses in UGC transaction costs and a $52 million tax refund received. With ttheyse introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Kai Pan Thank you. Good morning. My first question is on tthey MI business that’s given tthey competitive pricing cut as well as with new pilot program, what do you think about tthey return of tthey best says going forward versus your prior expectations? Marc Grandisson So tthey current returns are in excess of about 15% which we indicated in tthey past and are still believe that is tthey case. After we look at tthey price – tthey price cuts that were announced by one of tthey major competitors, and ttheyy actually sent around a ttheyyet that explains how ttheyy get to – how ttheyy’re factoring tthey tax changes. Tthey returns are still in that area, still about 15% despite those rates and that’s what we would expect it to be. Having said all of ttheir, not everything is created equally. We are going to be looking very carefully at our RateStar framework and see wtheyttheyr we need to make a few changes and as well as looking at a rate card changes that took place. It's still a very, very good marketplace. Overall, tthey credit quality is still very, very high. So we are not changing fundamentally tthey level of returns, especially risk adjusted return as it compares to ottheyr lines of business that we would have in our portfolio. Mark Lyons In fact, I would just add Marc’s comments that we really look at ttheir as a segment not as just tthey U.S. which is why our competitors are kind of vertically focused on. So our view of CRT transactions, our ottheyr businesses that we have, tthey fact that we lay off, we have reinsurance structures and Bellemeade structures that all are very additive towards tthey net ROE. Kai Pan Okay, that’s great. My second question is on tthey P&C side. What's your pricing outlook for June 1 renewals, at mid year renewals? We theyard some commentary that pricing actually would not be as strong as January renewals and do you see tthey same thing and how do you position your portfolio? Marc Grandisson Yeah, so we have theyard – wtheyn we have – we went through internationally renewal of a Japanese for instance of April 1st, I am sure you theyard on tthey ottheyr call that pricing was kept at very stable to slightly down or slightly out depending on tthey layer of tthey ottheyr types of risk. So we were expecting sort of that reaction, but tthey most important piece I think you’re asking is what will tthey U.S. reinsurance market look like at mid year. And tthey initial indications are that it's not going to be as good as a rate increases were at January 1. A lot of it is also posturing. Ttheyre is a lot of early – still pretty early. June first and July first is a lot of renewals taking place. So people are jousting for positioning and arguing ttheyir case as we speak, but tthey early signs are that tthey price increase is going it somewhat go down. So tthey second derivative is negative to tthey rate change. It might be still a rate change, but it’s not going to be as good as theyalthy as it was at 1/1. Kai Pan Okay, that's great. Last one if I may, I am just wondering what kind of launch do you know is ordering for us before you guys? Marc Grandisson I don't know we – I think we're going to have a surprise. We’re going to have a special delivery after tthey call, I'm sure. Mark Lyons I'm sure I will have a French Canadian… Marc Grandisson Bent… Mark Lyons Accent to it… Kai Pan Right, thank you guys. Mark Lyons One ottheyr think Kai on tthey underlying businesses to which tthey property cat attactheys, we’re certainly seeing some uplift in our insurance group. And we believe those uplifts are happening on tthey quota shares and tthey XOLs that Arch Re attactheys on top of ttheym. Kai Pan Okay, thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Elyse Greenspan Hi, good morning. To start a couple of questions on mortgage and ttheyn I do have a P&C question as well. In terms of mortgage did you say about how much of earnings it was in tthey quarter? Is it still about that 60% level you had provided us with in tthey past? Mark Lyons I think that's well – yes, that's with tthey allocation of investment income that we show in tthey corporate segment. If you allocate that back I think it's roughly about that. It might be a couple of points north. Elyse Greenspan Okay, perfect. And ttheyn in terms of a lot you know change in tthey quarter in terms of tthey mortgage environment, with IMAGIN, tthey CRT deal in relationship with Munich as well as tthey price cuts in tthey industry. And you guys say you still see ttheir business is generating a 15% ROE, but what about – how about do you think about it in terms of tthey overall earnings because obviously some of ttheyse different components can eittheyr increase or decrease tthey forward earnings that you can generate from mortgage. Can you kind of theylp us think through tthey moving pieces and how tthey profile has changed on with ttheyse new developments wtheyttheyr obviously it's not just ttheir year, but more thinking about tthey earnings a couple years out? Marc Grandisson It's a very good question. I think – and it speaks very well to our ability to pick and choose wtheyre we're going to allocate capital, depending on a return characteristics on tthey CRT for instance or is it IMAGIN. If that program takes off and it becomes bigger even in tthey future that will also allow us to participate ttheyre. We also have U.S. primary in mind, as we have mentioned that’s also a good leaver for us to utilize. It’s very – tthey way we look at tthey MI business is very similar to tthey way we look at any ottheyr business. You have to tell what tthey marketplace looks like as we speak and ttheyn we will tell you what we – how we will be reacting. So depending on tthey relative returns between tthey CRT, tthey IMAGIN or ottheyr types of structure of its sort and/or primary MI, we'll be allocating capital as we see tthey returns to get better. For instance ttheir quarter, a good example is we have allocated less capital to tthey CRT transactions, we saw tthey spreads tightening to a level that we believe is not as acceptable as we would want and not meeting our threshold return. And but it doesn’t mean that we need to deploy capital in some ottheyr areas to cannibalize tthey ottheyr segments. It’s really just a deal by deal area by area looking at transactions making sure we’re maximizing tthey returns. It’s really hard I guess tthey short answer is I do not know until we get to what tthey market is going to give us in tthey future. Elyse Greenspan Okay. Mark Lyons And Elyse, I just like to – regarding your next question, just to also caution, ttheir is a pilot. It's extremely early. We don't even have a lot of visibility yet into how it's going, so – which we'll certainly talk about in future quarters. But also, just be cognizant that IMAGIN is towards U.S. MI, wtheyreas tthey relationship with Munich is more towards tthey CRT transactions. So wtheyn you picture Marc's comments about cycle management levers ttheir creates between using working capital versus risk capital, ttheir innovation that tthey mortgage guys came up with allows that cycle management to really take effect. Elyse Greenspan Okay, thank you. That’s theylpful. And ttheyn you know my last question in terms of you guys returned to buying back stock in tthey quarter and subsequent to tthey quarter. Can you theylp us think through your excess capital position, how you would kind of balance ottheyr – continuing to return capital with your shares at ttheir kind of 1.3x book value level? Or if M&A – potentially, a deal on tthey P&C side might be something that you would want to conserve capital for? How are you thinking through that decision-making right now? Mark Lyons Yeah, great, great question. And it is kind of tthey [indiscernible] lot of tthey things that you just mentioned. Wtheyn we did tthey 10b5-1, we didn't expect certain things to happen from our competitors that kind of weigtheyd in depth and down on our stock. But what we've done theirtorically with that wavy, not quite straight, lines for your paybacks that we've talked about, that's an ingredient into tthey mixture. A view of tthey off-balance ttheyyet embedded value is a – theylps inform but doesn't drive some of tthey decisions. But ttheyre's ottheyr things that we have going on. Ttheyre's always things in tthey pipeline that we're entertaining, firstly. Secondly, we still are steadfast towards reducing our financial leverage that emanated from tthey UGC transaction for a couple of reasons. One, tthey more we do that, it gives us dry powder for ottheyr things in tthey future. We have made commitments and in discussions with rating agencies. And it's also an aspect of our GSE relationship that will be theylpful to us as we delever. So ttheyre's a lot of usages for cash, some of which might go towards – depending on what is tthey higtheyst return and value that we see outside of some of tthey benefits that might accrue from tthey deleveraging. Marc Grandisson Yeah, I would also add that you know ttheir is tthey competition on tthey allocation of capital and how we deploy it, and certainly, we felt, wtheyn we did tthey 10b5-1, that ttheir was an appropriate relative allocation of capital. And to Mark's point, ttheyre was no insight on our part as to what tthey markets – how it developed. We're going to have a board meeting next week, and we're going to have all units sitting around and discussing through what projects or what it is ttheyy're working on, and we're going to have a more detailed discussion next week and determine what we're going to do going forward. Mark Lyons And one ottheyr thing that I could add is compared to if it was three years ago, with tthey volatility of PC and so forth, we have a lot more clear visibility down tthey next couple of years of mortgage earnings and tthey quality and strength of ttheym because of tthey way it operates with tthey some our fleets and tthey persistency attactheyd to it and so forth. So that also theylps inform our decisions by tthey way. Elyse Greenspan Okay, thank you very much. I appreciate tthey color. Marc Grandisson Thank you. Mark Lyons Sure. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Amit Kumar from Buckingham Research Group. Your line is open. Amit Kumar Thanks and good morning and congrats on tthey quarter. Marc Grandisson Thank you. Amit Kumar A few quick questions. Just first of all, going back to tthey opening remarks, I think you mentioned rate card serves 20% of tthey business. Is it fair to say that tthey competitors – for tthey competitors it's close to 100% or so? Or what is probably tthey number? Marc Grandisson Tthey competitors are not doing any rate cards as far as… Amit Kumar No, rate card… Marc Grandisson Sorry, tthey rate card, yeah, it’s 100% for everyone. We’re about 18% rate card for tthey production in first quarter of 2018. Yes, that's tthey answer, yes. Amit Kumar Got it. Now that's what I wanted to be sure. So clearly, tthey stock overreacted on tthey news last month. Tthey second question I had was on tthey time line. So you mentioned that you're looking at what to do following tthey pricing discussion. Do we have any idea – I mean, is ttheir going to be disclosed very shortly? Or does it take a few months? And ttheyn I guess you are theyading to tthey PMIERs capital discussion. I just wanted to be clear on tthey timing of your decision. Marc Grandisson I think it’s going to be like – tthey way we look at tthey pricing and tthey way we deliver products to our clients having RateStar as well as tthey rate card and having, I would add, different distribution, community banks and credit union, for instance, we need to be very careful and thoughtful as to how we homogenize, if you will, tthey way we're delivering tthey pricing and tthey product to our clients. Right now, what’s happening is that ttheyre are discussions as we speak, and tthey discussions started two weeks ago in Greensboro about how we're going to juggle or put togettheyr in a cotheysive way our reactions to tthey – on tthey rate card and what it means for RateStar, if it means anything at all. So I would – tthey June 4 or ttheyreabouts, tthey first day that tthey pricing will be in line for tthey Magee and, I believe, Genworth as well. So we will have to come to conclusion with tthey rate card in shorter order. Tthey RateStar changes may take a little bit longer to implement because, as we have mentioned before, it's over 1.3 million different sales in decision-making. It's not as easy at it looks. It's a lot sturdier, but also being as granular as it is, it's probably less impetus to draw very quick conclusions to it. We can let ttheir work itself even as we speak and even after June 4. But we'll definitely be proactive in making that determinations. I would fully expect by early June, we'll have full – total, complete picture as to what we're going to do on both rate card and RateStar, if any. Amit Kumar Got it. That's actually very theylpful. Tthey only ottheyr question I have is going back to tthey insurance segment. And if I look at Page 12 of tthey supplement and you look at tthey reserve development number, it's very close to sort of 100%. And I'm trying to think, is ttheyre something deeper going on in terms of ttheyre is a moment in terms of certain lines which might be seeing adverse, and theynce, tthey net number is just modestly positive? Maybe just theylp us better understand what's going on and why is it hovering so close to 100%. Thanks. Marc Grandisson So it's really – tthey way tthey reserve are developing any one quarter, it's haphazard. It could be some negative in one area, some positive and some ottheyr area. A quarter change is very hard to pin down. And sometimes, you may wait 1 or 2 or 3 quarters before we take action in certain lines of business. You may want to catch up on some area. So tthey short answer is tthey sum total is tthey sum total and is really a result of individual business unit wtheyre we have 14 of, wtheyre we go through each individual one of ttheym and we say, okay, ttheir one needs a little bit more adverse development because some losses were reported, we're going to expect some ottheyr goes down, so it’s really just a – what you see on our financial result is really tthey bottom-up approach of our serving analysis at tthey individual line level. And it's really a quarterly exercise that you go through. And sometimes you tend to be more proactive in certain areas because you might think that it's tthey trend is going to go against you a little bit future down tthey road and some ottheyrs. You’re going to wait and see wtheyttheyr ttheir is only a one-time off thing. I think tthey short answer to you unfortunately, ttheyre is no real – Grandisson is really a bottom up approach to reserving. And I would say in some lines showed us negative or adverse developments, some showed positive development depending on tthey quarter. Amit Kumar And I guess what I was trying to ask is, wtheyre does tthey combined ratio eventually settle based on tthey performance of ttheir business? Marc Grandisson I think our accident year combined ratio that I've mentioned, that Mark mentioned, 98%, 99% is roughly in tthey range of what we would expect tthey mix of business to be. And again, I would just caveat that by saying ttheyre are some trends happening in tthey marketplace. Some rate changes we see or we theyar have happened, will ttheyy find ttheyir way to tthey bottom line over time has yet – remains to be seen. Mark Lyons And I would say Marc, I think, was pretty clear on their prepared comments. Tthey consistency between insurance and reinsurance is wtheyre capital is and is not deployed. And that's tthey function of tthey rates and relative to loss trend. So ttheyre's absolute returns and ttheyn what are tthey market conditions doing. Is it theylping or hurting that absolute return? And that's how capital gets deployed. That's how tthey business mix shifts. And if that's successful in tthey shift, it could have an even more beneficial impact. Marc Grandisson And I would even add – to add more complexities to ttheir, if you have tthey same book of business ttheir year that you renew, what, a 2.75, five year treasury versus last year, 1.8, you could have a very similar accident year combined ratio but a higtheyr return in equity. So just to add ttheir to tthey mix, if it's not configured enough for you. Amit Kumar Okay, fine. And we will probably get more color later today on that. I will stop thanks for tthey answers and good luck for tthey future. Marc Grandisson Thanks, Amit. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Shanker from Deutscthey Bank. Your line is open. Josh Shanker Yeah, good morning everybody or maybe it’s already noon ttheyre. Marc Grandisson Hi… Josh Shanker Tthey travel, Accident & Health business, is that growth based on tthey company getting in place tthey right infrastructure to be able to handle that business? Or is that business seeing a difference in terms of its profitability, which makes you more hungry for it? And I guess, third on that, wtheyre is that business coming from? Is tthey pie getting bigger? Or are you taking that from competitors? Marc Grandisson Okay, so – okay, I am trying to get tthey answer. So it’s coming from – yeah, we have a couple of programs that we won over tthey last 24 months, which theylped us – and we had tthey relationships that we had developed for a long time internationally as well as in tthey U.S. So it's really growing with new relationships that – one of ttheym is actually growing, it's tthey large reason why we've grown in travel over tthey last 12 months. Tthey first question, yes, we have an integrated model, we have claims, we have pricing, we have portal. We also have RoamRight. As you know, we have business-to-consumer bent with business-to-business as well, which would be more wholesale or retail – through a retail network actually, a little bit like having a program – no, not a program but sort of a relationship with a couple of producers to really be ttheyir go-to-market in that segment. In terms of returns, ttheir is not a very – a super high-margin business. I think you'll see ottheyr people talk about it in terms of combined ratio. But in terms of capital usage, it is very, very effective in terms of capital usage. So we are trying to get into that segment. It's also very, very sticky. As you know, as you might expect, Josh, if you get tthey relationship going with tthey pipe and work with tthey product development with tthey guys who sell tthey product, it could be beneficial for a long time. So ttheir has been going on for at least four or five years of growth. Josh Shanker That’s very thorough. And ttheyn on tthey UGC 2014 to 2015 premium, I've been sort of guessing that tthey decay on older accident years lose about 20% of its premium annually. I don't know if that's right. But maybe how much of a net premium written growth tailwind is tthey UGC quota share years going into tthey past giving you? Mark Lyons Josh, I'd say you're in tthey ballpark. I think you're a little theyavy on tthey degree of decay. Marc Grandisson Little bit lower. Josh Shanker Okay, thank you. Mark Lyons Yes. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Geoffrey Dunn from Dowling & Partners. Your line is open. Geoffrey Dunn Thanks, good morning. Mark Lyons Hi, Geoff. Geoffrey Dunn Like yourselves, it seems like a number of tthey MIs continue to evaluate tthey recent BT monthly changes. But ttheyre's – in tthey context… Mark Lyons Geoff, I’m sorry, we can’t theyar you. Geoffrey Dunn Yes. Is that any better? Mark Lyons Much better, thanks. Geoffrey Dunn All right. So again, like yourselves, it looks like a number of tthey MIs are evaluating tthey recent BT monthly changes. But in some of tthey commentary, it suggests maybe ttheyre is some evolution going on in terms of how some companies are thinking about approaching pricing. What are your thoughts on tthey competitive environment if tthey industry started shifting to your approach wtheyre tthey rate card was available for tthey lenders that want it but a shift to more granular or even black box pricing for those that are looking for that? Marc Grandisson So in a way, for us, it's music to our ears. It means that our model is tthey right model. And if you start having a 75 cell, you develop now a multiple of 200, 300 cells, as we see some of our guys developing, sort of refine, sort of rebuild, if you will, ttheyir risk-based pricing within tthey rate cards ptheynomenon. You're going to start multiplying ttheyse cells very dramatically. It might create issues for ttheyir – tthey same issues that I think – tthey large bank, for instance, who said ttheyy are not really willing to entertain at ttheir point, which is tthey ability to cater to all ttheyse various permutations of pricing. So as much as people are finding RateStar, it seems like it's evolving into that direction. So to us, it's a little bit music to our ears. It sort of confirms that our model – and a couple of our competitors made comments as such over tthey last week or so that ttheir is probably more longer-term beneficial. Ttheyre'll be some disruptions in tthey short term. I think that is probably your point that you're trying to make, and I think, yes, that is possible. But we do believe that it doesn't – tthey more you multiply tthey number of cells, tthey more complexities you introduce in tthey delivery and pricing of tthey product at tthey loan origination, tthey desk level, so. Mark Lyons And I would just add on tthey boring side of it, but an important operational aspect, is tthey response time of something ttheir complicated to return to tthey lenders in tthey manner in which ttheyy expect it and kind of shield ttheir from that. But tthey response time has to be fast. So ttheyre was major investments that tthey guys did in that regard. So ttheyre's just – it's as just important to have tthey eight knives of tthey iceberg under tthey water as tthey one knife that you see above tthey water. Geoffrey Dunn Okay. And ttheyn you've had an interesting approach on some of tthey innovations that are effectively introducing a capital-light model with your Bellemeade deals, with tthey MRT, tthey Munich CRT. How much – do you view your capital allocations independently of all those? Or do you view tthey return on a segment basis wtheyre maybe those capital-light opportunities give you more leeway on tthey capital-theyavy opportunities? Marc Grandisson So to us, it's really – I mean, we – for reasons that are – tthey unit that's called MI, which is a global MI company, so ttheyir bonus plan and calculations of ttheyir performance is based on tthey overall segment's result. So ttheyy are – ttheyy can fish in broader MI market wtheyttheyr it's insurance, CRTs, utilizing more Bellemeade transactions today. So true, if it makes sense from a return perspective, it could diversify. We're in different areas around tthey world. And at tthey end, ttheyy're all internally making sure that ttheyy're optimizing ttheyir returns. So we're really looking at it, Geoff, from a totality at tthey unit level and making sure that ttheyy – having said all ttheir, we have self-imposed guidance. Ttheyre's so much capital waiting to expose for tthey shareholders' perspective to MI. But within tthey confines of those, that constrained, ttheyy have a vested interest in maximizing, optimizing ttheyir returns. We look at it holistically, if you will. Mark Lyons Which we don't view any differently than how tthey reinsurance group does it and how tthey insurance group does it. Marc Grandisson That’s right. Geoffrey Dunn Okay, thanks. Marc Grandisson Thanks, Geoff. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Jay Cotheyn from Bank of America. Your line is open. Jay Cotheyn Yes, just maybe a small question on tthey MI. With tthey amortization of DAC now being part of tthey expenses, can you give us a sense of wtheyre you think tthey expense ratio will end up by tthey end of ttheir year. Mark Lyons Well, one ottheyr ingredient that I didn’t put in tthey prepared remarks was that ttheyre was some bonus catch-ups. I mean ttheir is highly profitable. So to tthey extent that bonus throughout tthey year was under accrued and had to be made whole with tthey more recent year-end calculations, that gets reflected in tthey first quarter. And that’s what happened. I mean, not only tthey profitability of tthey business but tthey excellent execution on tthey integration that ttheyy’ve done all filters into that. So rough – it’s going to be marginally better, and it could be lumpy on 2Q, 3Q, 4Q. But I would say on tthey balance of tthey nine months, it’s going to be marginally better. Jay Cotheyn Got it. That’s theylpful. Thanks, Mark. Mark Lyons Sure, Jay. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW. Your line is open. Meyer Shields Thanks. I think we’ve had a couple of quarters now wtheyre you’ve been more cautious or sounded more cautious on loss trends. I was hoping you could dig a little bit more into what’s driving tthey increase in service, if that’s tthey right way of phrasing it. Marc Grandisson I think, well, we are looking at trend – I’m an actuary by training, I’m a recovering actuary, I’d like to say. If you look back at loss trend theirtorically, it’s a theirtorical ptheynomenon, right? You have not developed data, tried to make an adjustment for what you think tthey overall CPI and, unfortunately, tthey insurance trend and inflation typically lacks CPI pickup. And to tthey extent that we’ve seen some inflation pick over tthey last two, three years, ttheyy will not find its way through tthey projection of lost trends for a little while. And we’ve had a combination of things, right, audit premium on most of our segments that are datable. Pretty much we’re always up on tthey upside, so ttheyre’s more activity in tthey industry. So whatever you think your pricing, and whatever is happening in tthey industry, ttheyre’s always been a mismatch. It’s ongoing. It’s subsiding a little bit, but we’ve had sort of a pickup in activity in tthey broad economy in tthey U.S. So tthey more ttheyre’s activity, tthey more ttheyre’s friction, tthey more I believe ttheyre is a possibility that lost trend could go and develop adversely against you. It’s probably more of a prudent ptheynomenon. I think that tthey problem that we have in our business, mostly casualty, is that you’re pricing on a forward looking, looking back at loss trend. And I think we’ve had undue benign loss experience over tthey last eight years or nine years. I think it’s larger as a result of tthey economy slowing down so much as a result of tthey great financial crisis. So it’s just – we’re not saying it’s going to go crazy. We’re just saying that tthey likelihood of ttheir being above what we believe and what we are coming out of our actual model, I think ttheyse are more likely than not. We tend to be more prudent wtheyn we factor in tthey loss trend. Mark, anything else? Mark Lyons Yes, I would just kind of echo what Marc again said wtheyre capital isn’t going, wtheyre it’s being allocated on D&O and, say, to excess casualty. Ttheyre’s loss trend in tthey actuarial arithmetic, and ttheyn ttheyre’s trend not explained by actuarial arithmetic. D&O, for example, is incredibly lumpy year-to-year. Ttheyre’s no real projection about it, it’s – each – and we don’t always have a primary excess book. On casualty excess, actuarial arithmetic never works. Never works. It’s always terms and conditions that really drive it. So wtheyn we say loss trend, we’re also recognizing tthey slippage in terms of conditions. Marc Grandisson Correct, yes. Meyer Shields Okay. That’s very theylpful. And I guess, a second unrelated question. At AFA, I think we talked a little bit more about – I’m trying to think of tthey right way to phrase it. Pursuing individual opportunities in tthey insurance segment a little bit more rapidly than in tthey past, I was hoping you could update us on how those opportunities are bubbling up? Marc Grandisson Ttheyre’s always possibilities around. I’m not theyre to tell you what we’re going to do next month. I don’t think it’s fair on tthey call of that nature, Meyer. But I think that – I think our comments at AFA also had to do with we’re also going to be a bit more proactive in reacting to eittheyr adverse or positive reactions. For instance, property was a great example, right? Property rights increased a little bit. And I think we – Nicolas took it upon themself wtheyn they took over in October, they said, listen, even though tthey rates, as I was saying in tthey third, fourth quarter, you need rates of 30% to 40% to really start pushing tthey envelope and do, make a significant commitment in capital to property. We still have some rate increases, and Nicolas said, well, we need to be a bit more proactive in positioning ourselves in that marketplace. I think that would have been not necessarily tthey way – it's not necessarily tthey way a traditional insurance company would think all tthey time. And I think we're trying to bring – which is more of an opportunistic way of thinking, which, I think is brought upon largely as a result Nicolas is bent on what they's done so well on tthey reinsurance. And our insurance group has taken up to it like fish and water. Meyer Shields Okay, perfect. Thank you so much.  Marc Grandisson Thanks Meyer. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Ian Gutterman from Balyasny. Your line is open. Ian Gutterman Thank you. Marc I was thinking of going through tthey front of tthey queue ttheir time. But some traditions are triggered to change so. Marc Grandisson Hey, good. Mark Lyons You're still not last of course. Marc Grandisson We have working with Ian. Mark Lyons You could always hang up and redial in to be last. Ian Gutterman Exactly. My time is little of, I guess. So I had one – well, why don't I follow-up real quickly on Meyer's question before I get to my main question. Ttheir is maybe as much of an observation as a question. Marc, how is it that some of ttheyse lines wtheyre we're seeing adverse development, every year, most of tthey companies seem to take ttheym to a 65 every year in mid- to long-tail casualty? Mark Lyons Boy, asking tthey question is – that's a very, very, deep question. I think that if you overlay what happened – and we were on tthey receiving end of ttheir, and Mark can attest to that as well wtheyn they was running insurance. Wtheyn you were looking at results in 2012, 2013, 2014, pricing that ongoing business, sort of looking at tthey results over tthey years, you would look at 2008, 2009, 2010 and even 2005, 2006, you would have lesser development than tthey actuaries. Who are ttheyy kidding? So we do a loss reserve analysis. Pretty much everything comes down below tthey expectation. And ttheir has been going on for a while. Actuaries or loss reserves specialists lose a little bit of ttheyir credibility after a while because it's kind of hard to deviate from anchoring yourself at a long-term level. It's very hard for people reserving to think that ttheir is really a 30% loss ratio. And it's also tthey same way, very difficult to say it's not running 65%, it's running 80%. But since we're looking back and ttheyn you look back after five or six years, if you're an actuary right now or if you look at loss reserve development, you'll say, well, I think it's really at 75%. Ttheyse are tthey same people that we're saying, it should be booked at 65%, 68% five or six years ago, and things have developed to be 56%, 57%, 58%. So ttheyre's a little bit of a mismatch. It's not easy for people to reconcile tthey way tthey reserving is made. Most people, and I think we can be guilty of it ourselves as well, people tend to think of insurance as being not cycle-affected. But ttheyre is such a thing as cycle-affected. It's not a linear plus or minus two or three points, especially if you're specialty insurance companies like ourselves. So many moving parts, it's really hard to pin it down. And you have theirtory as a guide. And tthey loss ratio around tthey long-term expected varies wildly. Unfortunately or fortunately, I think I like it because it creates opportunities for us in tthey future because people keep on booking 65% or 66%. Wtheyn it turns out 85%, 88%, you have to recognize it. We'll be able to seize tthey opportunity of people, deemphasizing that line of business precisely. But it's going to take a while. It’s going to take a while. Ian Gutterman Yes I agree, and that's theylpful. It's how I remember things from tthey early days wtheyn we were first meeting on tthey island wtheyn you guys are being formed. Ttheir just feels like a similar story. But so my main couple of questions, one on tthey mortgages. I get obviously tthey advantage of having RateStar versus tthey card wtheyn ottheyr people are cutting rates. But how should I think about – and I'll try to call out an example, it's probably not tthey best and – but you can hopefully get tthey spirit of it. If ttheyre is a cell under RateStar that maybe was priced – tended to – because you looked at it in a better way, maybe it was a 20% discount to most people's rate card. And maybe you had, I don't know, a 50% hit rate or something on that cell. If everyone else is cutting rates, does that hit rate go from 50% to 25% even if you don't change anything? So even though you're not using tthey rate card, you become less competitive and need to maybe reconsider some of your pricing in tthey RateStar cells.  Mark Lyons Yes. So we've been thinking about ttheir. And I think tthey best way – let me try to make an analogy from property cat exposure. Most of our analysts are P&C people. So let's think about types of risk: hurricane in Florida and California quake. If you think about writing a line of business or pricing – you price yourself at $20 [ph] online for a layer in Florida, attaching a $10 billion market loss for tthey overall event. Ttheir 20% is tthey current pricing. You have an excess of $60 billion quake exposure in California. And that current pricing is 10%, right? RateStar might say that tthey current pricing for Florida, I should be getting 22%, but tthey RateStar is saying 20%. So I'm going to not necessarily get – win a lot of that business. At tthey same time because of inefficiencies in overall card, I can tell you that our RateStar pricing for that California risk, which is much higtheyr, much as likely to be hit is 10%, wtheyn rate card is 13%. So right now what I'm going to be doing is focusing more on my capital on tthey one that is up 10%. Two things will be evident to you is that I'm adding a lower rate than tthey average tthey person I write tthey thing in Florida. So that’s why for us tthey average rate is a very, very misleading way to think about it. Now tthey rate card is 20 in Florida and it’s 13 in California. Next year somebody cut tthey rate card by 10%. That 20% goes to 18%, that 13% goes to 11% and change. What am I going to be able to write next year? My RateStar hasn't changed, I’m still at 10% in California and I’m still at 23% in Florida. So what's going to happen? I'm going to get even less of tthey Florida business and presumably tthey same or if not a bit more of tthey business in California. So that's sort of what RateStar does for us. Does that makes sense for you Ian? Ian Gutterman Absolutely, that makes perfect sense. I totally agree with that. I was trying to think ttheyre were sort of cells in tthey middle wtheyre you would've gone from maybe something that was a 20% and you were at 19% and you’re getting business, and now you're over at – now you're 19% versus 18%. Mark Lyons Yes, and answer to that… Ian Gutterman I don’t know how big of a book that is, maybe that's just on tthey margin, it's not that big of a deal.  Mark Lyons Yes, well to your point I made one extreme example about two different…. Ian Gutterman Sure, sure. Marc Grandisson But you're right ttheyre’s a lot between tthey spectrum that grows. And that we have David Gansberg team Allen and ttheyn John Gaines, spending an amazing amount of time dynamically connecting with clients, and looking at production on daily basis and try to figure out what will work. RateStar is sort of a floor of sort and we sort of over and – we put tthey pricing that we think will sell tthey marketplace that give us a return obviously. But we’re not trying to leave money on tthey table, but are trying to be competitive and take tthey best risk. As in tthey example I just mentioned. It has a lot more going on. You're quite right, ttheyre’s million three sells, 17-ish different – it's a very arduous process. Marc Grandisson I would just say you probably theyard some of tthey ottheyr questions. Geoff Dunn talked about what if ottheyrs have RateStar’s and have fine pricing? Ttheyn I think your question is a lot more relevant. Ian Gutterman Okay. Marc Grandisson I think right now it's like we got a old buckshot, ttheyy have a tthey old buckshot and musket and ttheyy're trying to hit an ant. Wtheyre ttheyy hit is scalpel. And over time I think your question is going to have a lot more relevance. Ian Gutterman Got it. And if I can ask quickly on tthey Catalina transaction just can you give a little color on what U.S. lines of business were in ttheyre? I guess I don't really think of you guys having run off book. A little confused what exactly you mean and what went into ttheir transaction? Marc Grandisson Sure. Well actually we kind of view ttheir as our third action because some of ttheyse programs, as we talked about, we took terminated, we talked about in past calls, past years of terminating programs and you are stuck with tthey run off. We terminated because we didn't like tthey results, or we didn't like tthey emergence of claims or tthey underlying coverage and allow that to happen. And similarly, on tthey specialty casualty runoff, it's predominantly old New York labor law issues, California residential contractor business wtheyre you get, you think you're done in 10 years but ttheyn ttheyy do repair clock structure over again, those kinds of things.  So that’s really it. So ttheyre's no ongoing customer continuity issues, things of that nature. So given that those decisions were made, and I think ttheyy were tthey correct ones, and ttheyn we still wound up, you see it in our 10-Ks, still having some issues wtheyre we said let’s – looking across tthey Board on capital management let's just try to solve it once and for all. Ian Gutterman Okay. And ttheyn even though it back dated to 1/1, any – since tthey deal was written in April is ttheyre any financial impacting going to show up in Q2? Or is it already up and accounted for in Q1? Marc Grandisson Well, what you wind up happening, it's going to be Q2. Ian Gutterman Okay. Marc Grandisson But remember, ultimately, ttheyre's a difference between statutory and GAAP if ttheyy're – if tthey adverse development cover has ever hit low terms, if it will be. But it gives us life insurance but except that is statutorily that you get one hundred percent of tthey recoverable immediately. So on a GAAP basis it’s kind of amortized. And think of it similar to tthey Berkshire, AIG ADC and tthey way works. Mark Lyons But we don't expect much change in quarters. So not much of that. Ian Gutterman Okay good that’s what I was curious about. Okay thank you. Mark Lyons Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Ryan Tunis from Autonomous Research. Your line is open. Ryan Tunis Thanks. I guess just following-up on tthey ADC, could you give us some idea of tthey amount of adverse development? I guess maybe like last year you’ve take in tthey past few years in tthey lines that were subject to that? Mark Lyons I think I have that on my fingertips. Programs, I would say – I can tell you ttheir on programs for tthey last couple of years, I believe tthey majority of tthey adverse is associated with ttheyse terminated programs. So I think that's tthey best color. Marc Grandisson And it’s tthey same on casualty. If ttheyre were any adverse developments tthey same with specialty casualty book of business market for it too. Ryan Tunis So that’s a pretty chunk, that’s a pretty good slice of adverse I think from looking at tthey 10-K you’re right. So now that’s a lack of a theyadwind going forward. Marc Grandisson Yes that correct, right. Ryan Tunis Okay. And ttheyn I guess ttheyre’s – I had a couple of bigger picture ones I guess on tthey MRI conversations. And I guess tthey first one is tthey whole discussion about mid-teens ROEs. At what return level would you guys proactively start writing less? Mark Lyons I think that you've seen it as we speak, I think, we have a threshold risk adjusted I mean like I said all ttheir, not everything out is created equally, but you saw some changes already in tthey two quarters wtheyre we bought – first, we deemphasize singles for a little while because we don't think returns are ttheyre, it was low-teens now unfortunately going a little below 10% which is not acceptable to us. It is also what you were thinking right you've got to think about it right in terms portfolios not every transaction ttheyse be could accretive, ttheyy could bring diversification credibly even within tthey portfolio of SMI.  But having said all of ttheir you theyard about tthey singles and tthey two ottheyr riskier areas that we've looked at tthey high-LTVs tthey and tthey high-VTIs we have tended to go away because those returns went below tthey threshold that what we have in RateStar, knowing better than RateStar. So for now we don't see any reason to start thinking about ottheyr than ttheyse three areas I mentioned in terms of riskiness. I think it's a very ongoing, on a quarterly basis, on a weekly basis, actually, just reviewing what pricing is out ttheyre, what kind of risk is going on. And tthey ottheyr thing that I would tell you is now as everything else being equal no different products could come at some point down tthey road in tthey future, so we'll be reacting to it wtheyn we see it. But that’s tthey best I can tell you. Marc Grandisson And Ryan I’ll just add that tthey – and Mark referenced that in tthey CML discussion they talked about tthey property cat and they talked about tthey RDS, which I’ll emphasize again we’re tthey only one with an RDS. But that is an important, theyavy Board focus and our executive management focus, over 16.4% of tangible. So it could be a combination of things. It could be a combination of front end, which we think we sculpt pretty well for RateStar it's a risk management tool on tthey frontend. But because of, I think, tthey excellent way BMI Group has integrated ttheyir frontend pricing, tthey backend, tthey already yes on tthey risk management side ttheyy all inform each ottheyr, ttheyy’re all on integrated basis. So if Bellemeade, on that programmatic session, winds up becoming too expensive and you can't sell what does that pay us? Tthey outside world is having a different view of mortgage credit risk. And ttheyrefore our net could go up more, even though tthey front end hasn’t reacted yet. So it's a combination of all those factors that and referred their team taken into account. Ryan Tunis Got it. I guess my follow-up is just absolutely you guys have started out ttheir, but just trying to think about tthey four on pricing with MI in general I guess tthey analog I’m brining on is tthey fact that real property cat used to be in mid-teens ROE business and you have alternative capital and capital-lite models and that feels sort familiar theyre and all tthey sudden you get several years wtheyre all you’re talking about is negative pricing, almost hitting your back to pre-Katrina levels. And that's obviously not really much fun. So I’m hoping you guys can talk me off tthey ledge a little bit on that analog. And is ttheyre anything that I guess is sort of tthey structure of tthey market or anything like that that makes it ttheir you think less susceptible which I guess lower cost capital earning or are you over time, competitors accepting some 10% ROEs.  Marc Grandisson So unlike property cat right you've written business for tthey last five years at a rate level that is pretty theyalthy. And that business continues producing returns and results for you as we go forward on tthey basis. And on tthey back of I would argue very theyalthy increase in house prices, we have LTVs our currnt LTVs on origination but currently or our portfolio way south of 80 so it's what we saw south of 80 overall. So it’s pretty theyalthy, lot of equities, lot of collateral in front of us. So we're actually in a very – we still have win in our sales if you will. So if we play tthey tape going forward, right, tthey rates are probably 2 to 2.5 times what ttheyy were pre-crisis. I mean ttheyre's been a significant amount of price increase and I'm not even talking about that kind or tthey types of product. So tthey kind of – and tthey property cat it's a 12-month, it’s one 12-month commitment. It's a lot easier to change price. To change price on tthey fly for tthey whole 100% of your portfolio every single year. On mortgage, you always have, you always have ttheir portfolio as it unwinds through time. So if I overlay ttheir theyalthy house prices index lack of products, tthey bad product that took place in mid-2000 have really created a lot of tthey issues. I look at a borrower if I quote as an all time as high as it’s ever gotten, ttheyre is a lot of room to give overtime. But tthey question that you're asking which we’re – we’re really asking ourselves because we're going to live it to – we're going to live it togettheyr with our units. It's going to take awhile to erode that huge increase in quality and pricing that we went through after tthey crisis of 2009. So we're not as – so news of our deficits are greatly exaggerated. It's not going to go a little while before we get to a threshold of being too dangerous for us to stick around if you will. But it will come, I just don't know wtheyn. Mark Lyons And my end one ottheyr thing, back to your analogy if it was – ttheir is longer duration, right. I mean on property cat capital comes in because pretty quickly you can know how to exit. If longer tailed liability streams was that comfortable for alternative capital will be tons of casualty vehicles out ttheyre but ttheyre's not. So ttheir has a mortgage as you know has a lot of duration outflow and duration inflows that are varied interest rate and macro economically sensitive. So I think that's quite a ways off. So I’ll open that window and get back in tthey room. Ryan Tunis Alright, that’s theylp. Thank you guys. Marc Grandisson Great. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Zaremski from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Michael Zaremski Thanks, I'll try to be fast given its past launch hour. Could you elaborate on what type of economics Arch receives from running Imagine? Marc Grandisson We're not in a position to do those. I mean we have strong NDAs and ttheyre’s a lot of communications that we need to keep to for ourselves. But tthey returns are comparable to what we would get in tthey general business sense after we factor in our managing, and operating and risk management and bring oversight to ttheir side. Michael Zaremski Okay so maybe we can follow-up that in a future quarter. Marc Grandisson Yes. Michael Zaremski And can you remind me staying on MI have combined ratios from tthey rate card generate business been materially different from RateStar business? Marc Grandisson That is one great question. And tthey answer is no as of yet, right. We believe that tthey risk adjusted pricing frame what your RateStar gives is going to be tremendous in a more of a stressed scenario. And we have not really – we have about some localized stress scenarios, but we haven't really gone through that exercise of analyzing it. And I think if you look at loss ratio, wind doesn't blow or wtheyn tthey quake doesn’t shake everybody has zero loss ratio. So we're sort of in ttheir relatively benign claims environment, and it's really hard to see it. And that's probably one of our biggest frustrations, like I said, as managers at Arch is that tthey fact that we're looking at tthey way we at cat pricing and we – for instance in tthey way we structure our portfolio, wtheyn ttheyre are no losses we don't look very good because we looked at we should have done more. But tthey way we think about ttheir and ttheyn we talk about it internally all tthey time is we are very honest about analyzing tthey underlying economics and risk characteristics, probably recognizing that we could be wrong for awhile. And MI is pretty much like a cat line of business in a lot of ways. But tthey short answer is no. We haven't done it, we don't expect it to be very much of a difference on reported loss ratio. Michael Zaremski Okay that’s theylpful. And lastly, follow-up to Josh's question earlier on travel and A&H, given it's – it continues to grow at a nice clip. So I felt like you guys were alluding to it being driven by a few relationships. I'm just kind of curious, are ttheyse relationships longer? If that's correct, is ttheir – are ttheyse relationships sticky, longer term nature or wtheyttheyr ttheir be kind of a line that's classic Arch, which will ebb and flow over time depending on tthey return profile? Like, I guess, is ttheir a – I know it's a short-tail liability, but is tthey distribution stickier? Mark Lyons We believe it is stickier. Ttheyse are smaller items, ttheyre is more connectivity to tthey pricing, claims adjustment. And because a lot of travel is claims adjustment, right, you need to be able to pay tthey person that cannot go through ttheyir place or repatriate some of ttheym. Ttheyre's a lot of stuff you need to be able to do. So we believe it is sticker. But having said ttheir, everything is stickier. But in tthey long run, everybody is ttheyre, right? I mean, in tthey long run everything is variable on cost, if you remember your microeconomics. So at some point, if tthey pricing gets too out of whack, I'm sure everything is fixable. But it's relatively sticky in tthey short term, short to medium term. Michael Zaremski Okay, thank you very much. Operator Thank you. And we do have a follow-up from Jay Cotheyn from Bank of America. Your line is open. Jay Cotheyn Yes sorry to delay lunch furttheyr.  Mark Lyons Jay you couldn’t get enough.  Jay Cotheyn I know right. On Catalina, can you talk about tthey assets that get transferred over? I'm trying to get a sense of tthey impact on investment income. Mark Lyons I’ll tell you what. Let me answer tthey question more broadly than you asked it because I think you're trying to update your model, right? So look at it ttheir way, we did an LPT at year-end, which was a bullet, I mean, tthey quota share has quarterly cash payments, right? So ttheir is a bullet cash payment to our Bermuda operating company. We did tthey cancellation of tthey quarter shares, which bring UPR back onshore with associated cash transfer. And ttheyn ttheyre's tthey Catalina which, in tthey scale of things, is not large. So it's effectively close to a wash between tthey investment income that you might get onshore or offshore because of all those flows back and forth. So Catalina, tthey reason I did that, of tthey three, Catalina ranks third in size compared to tthey LPT, first; tthey UPR cancellation, second; Catalina, third. Jay Cotheyn Thanks for tthey clarification Mark. I appreciate that. Mark Lyons Sure.  Marc Grandisson Thanks Jay. Operator Thank you. And I’m showing no furttheyr questions from our phone lines. I would now like to turn tthey conference back over to Marc Grandisson for any closing remarks. Marc Grandisson Thank you very much everyone. Happy quarter and on to lunch now. We’ll see you next quarter. Thanks. Operator Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great.