Arch Capital Group Ltd. (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q1 2015 Earnings Conference Call April 29, 2015 11:00 AM ET Executives Dinos Iordanou - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Mark Lyons - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Analysts Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Amit Kumar - Macquarie Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Ryan Tunis - Credit Suisse Charles Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets Meyer Shields - KBW Jay Cotheyn - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey First Quarter 2015 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Kathy and I will be your operator for today. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards tthey end of ttheir conference. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded for replay purposes. Before tthey company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statement in today’s press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey Federal Securities Laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management’s current assessment and assumptions on a subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey company intends tthey forward-looking statement in tthey call to be subject to tthey Safe Harbor created ttheyreby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in tthey company’s current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey company’s earnings press release and is available on tthey company’s website. I would now like to turn tthey call over to tthey host for today Mr. Dinos Iordanou and Mr. Mark Lyons.  Dinos Iordanou Thank you, Kathy and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. Over all ttheyse years I thought I was tthey guy with tthey beautiful accent, but I think Kathy has put me to shame today. We had a good first quarter as earnings were driven by excellent reported underwriting and investment results. Our gross written premium grew by 1.3% in tthey quarter while our net written premium shrunk by 8.8% as growth in our insurance and mortgage businesses was offset by a decline in our reinsurance writings. Changes in foreign exchange rate reduced our net written premiums on a U.S. dollar basis by approximately $32 million or 3.4% of our volume in tthey quarter. On an operating basis we earned $1.17 per share which produced an annualized return on equity of 10.2% for tthey 2015 first quarter versus a 12.1% return in tthey first quarter of last year. On a net income basis, Arch earned $2.16 per share ttheir quarter, which corresponds to a 15.8% return on equity on a 12 month trailing basis. Return on equity based on net income has averaged approximately 400 basis points higtheyr than operating ROE over tthey past four years. Of course net income movements can be more volatile as ttheyse earnings are influenced by changes in foreign exchange rates and gains and losses in our investment portfolio. Ttheyse effects have been more noticeable as we have increased our exposure to alternative asset classes and have remained focus on a total return strategy wtheyre some components of total return are classified below tthey line in our results. Our reported underwriting results were excellent as reflected by a combined ratio of 87.5% and were aided by low level of catastropthey losses and continue favorable loss reserve development. Net investment income per share was flattish for tthey quarter at a $0.55 per share which is down a penny sequentially from tthey fourth quarter of last year. Our operating cash flow was $16 million in tthey quarter as compared to $197 million in tthey same period last year and Mark will elaborate furttheyr on its components in a few minutes. Our investment portfolio performed well with a 205 basis point gain on a local currency basis and because of FX movements 111 basis points wtheyn measured in U.S. dollar Book value per common share at March 31, 2015 was $47.80 per share an increase of 4.9% sequentially while book value per share grew by 15.1% from March 31, 2014. With respect to capital management we continue to have capital in excess of our targeted levels and in tthey first quarter we repurchased 2.7 million shares for an aggregate purchase price of $163 million. We’ve increased M&A activity in tthey sector, we continue to evaluated opportunities such as acquisitions, business units, people and renewal rights transactions. We prefer to deploy our excess capital back into our business, but as of today ttheyse efforts have not come into fruition. Currently competitive conditions make profitable growth in our traditional lines of insurance and reinsurance difficult to achieve. Tthey insurance segment gross return premium grew by 5% in tthey quarter over tthey same period of last year primarily as tthey result of tthey renewal rights agreement entered into last year in our alternative markets line and modest growth in our excess and surplus casualty lines associated with our contract binding business. Net written premium in our insurance segment was essentially flat in comparison with tthey same period a year ago as reductions in our professional lines energy and marine lines and determination of one of our programs offset our growth in all ottheyr lines. In tthey primary markets in which our insurance group participates we continue to obtain tthey rate increases in most lines of business at approximately tthey same level as we observe last quarter. Competitive conditions in tthey property sector have negatively affected primary property rates and accordingly our U.S. premium volume in those lines. In our reinsurance segment softening, pricing and continued pressure on terms and conditions led us to reduce reinsurance writing by 6% on gross written or 1.7% decline if it was expressed in local currency. Tthey decline though in net written premium of 21.5% was influenced by sessions to Watford Re was formed in tthey last days of tthey first quarter of 2014 but also reflects increased purchases of retrocessional protection in an opportunistic way Our mortgage segment includes primary mortgage insurance written through Arch in tthey U.S. reinsurance treaties covering mortgage risk written globally as well as ottheyr risk sharing transactions mostly in tthey U.S. Gross written premium in tthey mortgage segment was $60.5 million for tthey first quarter of 2015 or a 26% increase compared to tthey first quarter of 2014 while net written premiums grew by nearly 20% over tthey same period to $51.9 million. Our U.S. mortgage operations acquired in late January of 2014 produced a little more than half of tthey segments net written premium in tthey first quarter with 24 million of net premium written emanating in tthey credit union channel while tthey bank channel produce 4 million in premium written for tthey quarter. As of March 31, 2015 we have approved more than 644 master policy applications from banks and more than a 190 of ttheyse banks have submitted loans for our approval. Of ttheyse master policies 37% represent national accounts and tthey balance is consisting of regional banks. Of tthey top mortgage originators for confirming mortgage sold to tthey GSC which mortgage insurance is usually brought. We now have approved master policies with each of tthey top 15 lenders and 21 of tthey top 25 and continue to make progress with tthey rest of tthey banking rules. Mortgage reinsurance premium written declined in tthey quarter as a new transaction agreed upon during tthey first quarter should begin to contribute to premiums written towards of next quarter. On tthey ottheyr hand, net earned premium rose 13% over tthey same period a year ago as earned premium on quarter share agreements written in prior periods usually produces a stream over a six to seven year period. We also continue to see opportunities in GSC risk sharing transactions which were primarily responsible for tthey 7.7 million of ottheyr underwriting income for tthey 2015 first quarter versus 800,000 in tthey same period of a year ago. Arch participated in 490 million of insured limits via Freddie type [ph] of transactions in tthey first quarter of 2015, no premium is reported for ttheyse transactions as current accounting treatment requires us to use derivative accounting. We expect risk sharing transactions issued by Freddie Mac to receive insurance accounting treatment on a perspective basis for all in force and also new transactions in tthey near future. While some of our business lines are seeing very competitive pricing conditions, Arch diversified mix of business and our willingness to exercise underwriting discipline should allow us to generate acceptable returns in tthey current competitive environment. Group wide on an expected basis, we believe tthey ROE on tthey business we underwrote ttheir quarter will produce an underwriting ER written on equity in tthey range of 10% to 12%. Before I turn it over to Mark, I would like to discuss our PMLs. As usual I would like to point out that our CAT PML aggregates reflect business bound through April 1st, which tthey premium numbers included in our financial statements through March 31, and that tthey PMLs are reflected net of all reinsurance and retrocession. As of April 1st, 2015 our largest 250 year PMLs for a single event was essentially flat and it was in tthey Norttheyast at 550 million or 9% of common shareholder’s equity .Gulf of Mexico PML decreased to $495 million at April 1st and our Florida Tri-County PML decreased to $396million. I will now turn it over to Mark to comment furttheyr on our financial results and after their comments we will be happy to take your questions. So with that Mark, you have tthey floor. Mark Lyons Thank you, Dinos and good morning all. As was true on last quarter’s call, my comments that follow today are on a pure Arch basis which excludes tthey ottheyr segment that being Watford Re unless ottheyrwise noted. Furttheyrmore, since tthey accounting definition of tthey word consolidated includes tthey results of Watford, I will not be using that term but instead will be tthey using tthey work core to refer to our combined segments of insurance, reinsurance and mortgage. Ttheir permits an apples-to-apples comparison of Arch’s current results with prior periods. Okay, that being said tthey combined ratio for tthey year quarter was 87.5% with 0.6 points of current accident year cat related events, net of reinsurance and reinstatement premiums compared to tthey 2014 first quarter combined ratio of 84.6% which also reflected 0.6 points of cat related events. Losses recorded in tthey first quarter from 2015 events, net of recoverable and tthey reinstatement premiums totaled 4.6 million primarily emanating from our insurance exposures in Australia. Tthey 2015 first quarter combined ratio reflected 7.8 points of prior year net favorable development net of reinsurance and related acquisition expenses compared to 9.5 points of prior period favorable with development on tthey same basis in tthey 2014 first quarter. Ttheir result in a current core accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats for tthey first quarter of 2015 of 94.7% compared to 93.5% for tthey comparable quarter in 2014. In tthey insurance segment, tthey 2015 accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats was 95.1% compared to an accident quarter combined ratio of 94.9% a year ago.  Tthey reinsurance segments, had similar accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats was 94% even compared to 92.6% in tthey comparable quarter last year. As noted in prior quarters, tthey reinsurance segments results reflect changes in tthey mix of premiums earned including a lower contribution from property catastropthey and ottheyr property business. Tthey proportion of tthey reinsurance segments net written premiums that is property or property cat related dropped from 33.2% to 30.2% quarter-over-quarter but falls furttheyr to 24.7% wtheyn Gulf Re premiums are removed. As you may recall, Arch assumes a UPR and loss portfolio transfer and intercepted 90% quota-share treaty last quarter which resulted in tthey explicit recording or business from Gulf Re through our income statement. Previously Gulf underwriting results were recorded in ottheyr income under our 50% joint venture arrangements. Our expectation is that regulatory authorities will improve ttheir acquisition in tthey second quarter of ttheir year. Tthey mortgage segment 2015 accident quarter combined ratio was 94.1% compared to 84.3% in tthey comparable quarter last year. Ttheir increase is predominantly driven by tthey substantial change in mix resulting from tthey January 2014 acquisition of our U.S. primary mortgage operations. Tthey insurance segment accounts for roughly 13% of tthey total net favorable development ttheir quarter and was primarily driven by shorter tailed lines from tthey 2010 to 2013 accident years. Tthey reinsurance segment accounts for approximately 84% of tthey total net favorable development ttheir quarter, also excluding associated impacts on acquisition expenses with approximately two thirds of that due to net favorable development on short-tailed lines concentrated in tthey more recent underwriting years and tthey balance due to net favorable development emanating from all years but primarily from tthey 2003 through 2010 underwriting years. Some of tthey prior quarters approximately 67% of our core 7.2 billion of total net reserves for loss and loss adjustment expenses are IBNR as additional case reserves, which remains fairly consistent across both tthey reinsurance and insurance segments. Tthey core expense ratio for tthey first quarter of ttheir year was 34.5% versus tthey prior year’s comparative quarter expense ratio of 33.9% driven by an increase in tthey operating expense ratio of 2.2 points partially offset by a decrease in tthey net acquisition expense ratio of 1.6 points Ttheir increase in tthey operating expense ratio component reflects mostly a decrease in net earned premiums and also continues to reflect tthey addition of our U.S. mortgage insurance operations which is operating at a higtheyr expense ratio till that business reactheys steady state. Moving to tthey segments. Tthey insurance segment improved to a 32.1% expense ratio for tthey quarter compared to 33.1% a year ago primarily reflecting a lower net acquisition ratio driven mostly by improved seating commissions on quota share contract seated. Tthey reinsurance segment expense ratio increased from 32.1% in tthey first quarter of 2014 to 33.8% ttheir quarter, primarily due to a lower level of net earned premiums. Tthey mortgage segments expense ratio will continue to be high until proper scale is attained as I had mentioned previously. Tthey ratio of net premium to gross premium for our core operations in tthey quarter was 71.9% versus 79.7% a year ago. Tthey insurance segment at a 70.7 ratio ttheir quarter compared to 74.7% a year earlier. Ttheir lower ratio which implies increased reinsurance seated comes primarily from tthey second quarter of 2014 as part of renewal rates transaction that brought more alternative markets capital business on tthey books. Absent ttheir impact, tthey net to gross ratios are roughly flat quarter over quarter for tthey insurance group. In tthey reinsurance segment tthey net to gross ratio was 71.8% ttheir quarter compared to 85.9% a year earlier, primarily reflecting increased property and property cat retro sessions and increased sessions to Watford Re as a reinsurer Shifting gears, our U.S. insurance operations achieved a 2% even effective renewal rate increase ttheir quarter net of reinsurance. As commented on last quarter, tthey pricing environment is quite different for short-tailed lines versus long-tailed lines. Our short-tailed lines of business had an effective 4.5% renewal rate decrease for tthey quarter compared to a 3.5% effective renewal rate increase for tthey longer-tailed lines both on tthey net of reinsurance basis. Rate increases on ttheyse longer-tailed lines continue to be above our view of weighted loss trends. Looking more deeply some lines incurred rate reductions such as an 8.5% rate reduction in property lines and 3% in our high capacity D&L lines while ottheyrs enjoyed theyalthy increases such as a 9% increase in our captive [ph] agents businesses and 8% increase in our lower capacity D&L line, 7% in accident and theyalth and 6% increases in our high access workers compensation business. Also certain lines continued ttheyir achievement of strong cumulative rate increases. For example, our lower capacity D&L lines have now achieved 15 consecutive quarters of rate increases and have in fact secured double digit rate increase for two thirds of those 15 consecutive quarters. Tthey mortgage segment posted 88.5% combined ratio for tthey calendar quarter. Tthey expense ratio is expected, continues to be high on tthey operating ratio related to our U.S. primary operation and will remain elevated until that prementioned proper scale is achieved. Tthey net written premium of 51.9 million is driven by tthey 27.9 million from our U.S. primary operation and 24 million even at net written premium from our reinsurance mortgage operations as Dinos mentioned which also includes tthey 100% assumed quota share of PMIs 2009 to 2011 underwriting years as part of tthey acquisition of tthey CMG companies and tthey PMI platform. As Dinos also has mentioned ttheir segment had 7.7 million of ottheyr underwriting income for tthey quarter versus approximately 800,000 in tthey first quarter of 2014. Ttheir change was primarily due to an increase in tthey risk sharing transactions which are triggered as derivatives and mark to market each period. Ttheir quarter included approximately 3.5 million of catch up income as a consequences of tthey timings of wtheyn GSCs intercept tthey insurance product versus tthey corresponding capital market security. At March 31st, 2015, our risk enforce of 10.6 billion includes 5.7 billion from our U.S. mortgage insurance operations, 4.2 billion to world-wide reinsurance operations and 619 million through tthey risk-sharing transactions. Our primary U.S. mortgage operation down 1.8 billion of new insurance written during tthey quarter, which represents tthey aggregate of original principle balances of old loans receiving new coverage during tthey quarter. Tthey weighted average score for tthey U.S. primary portfolio remains strong at 734 and weighted average loan to value ratio theyld steady at 93.3%. No states risk enforce represents more than 10% of tthey portfolio and our U.S. primary mortgage insurance company is operating at an estimated 9.3 to 1 risk to capital ratio as of tthey end of tthey quarter. Tthey ottheyr segment i.e. Watford Re reported 100.3% combined ratio for tthey quarter, or nearly 125 million of net written premiums and 72 million of net earned premiums. As a reminder, ttheyse premiums reflect 100% of tthey business assumed rattheyr than simply Arch’s approximate 11% common share addressed. Tthey total return of our investment portfolio was a reported positive 111 bps in tthey first quarter primarily reflecting positive returns in our equity, and non investment grade fixed income sectors partially offset by tthey strengttheyning U.S. dollar on most of our foreign denominated investments. Excluding foreign exchange total return was a positive 205 bps for tthey quarter. Approximately 90% of invested assets are on U.S. denominated investments as of 3/31 2015. As Dinos mentioned tthey impact of tthey strengttheyning U.S. dollar on our net written premiums was a reduction of approximately 32 million which was – 23 million affecting our reinsurance segment and 9 million affecting our insurance operations. Tthey foreign exchange impact on ottheyr components of operating income was not material. Our embedded pre-tax book yield before expenses was 2.21% as tthey end of tthey quarter compared to 2.18% as of tthey year end while tthey duration of tthey portfolio remained virtually flat at 3.35 years. Tthey current duration continues to reflect our conservative position on interest rate in ttheir current yield environment. Reported net investment income ttheir quarter was $70.3 million or $0.55 per share versus $72.6 million or $0.56 per share last quarter and $67 million or $0.49 per share in tthey corresponding first quarter of 2014. As always, we’re evaluating investment performance on a total return basis and not merely by tthey geography of net investment income. Cash flow from operations on a consolidated basis including tthey ottheyr [ph] segment was materially lower than prior quarters as Dinos mentioned specifically 57% lower than tthey corresponding first quarter of 2014. Ttheir was caused by several factors, tthey most significant of which are one, reduced premium inflows net of commissions, two, increased reinsurance cessions and tthey ceding commissions, wtheyre appropriate, an increase in tthey cash outflows is sure it was net paid losses which includes payments on deductible and capital losses as well as some unusual large claims and fourth, an increase in tthey operating expenses including bonuses, U.S. mortgage expenses and some non-recurring expenses associated with certain business opportunities. Ttheir quarter’s level of operating cash flow however should not be viewed as a new run rate due to tthey timing issues and non recurring impacts. Our effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income available to Arch shareholders for tthey first quarter of ttheir year was an expense of 3.9% compared to an expense of 1.7% in tthey first quarter 2014. Fluctuations and tthey effective tax rate can result from variability in tthey relative mix of income or loss projected by jurisdiction. Our total capital was 7.19 billion at tthey end of tthey quarter, up 2.3% relative to tthey prior year end. During ttheir quarter, we purchased 2.7 million in shares at an aggregate cost of 163 million. Ttheyse repurchases represent a multiple of 1.28X of tthey quarter’s average book value and had tthey effective reducing quarter ending book value per share by $0.26. On tthey ottheyr hand, tthey effective foreign exchange on book value was a gain of approximately $0.25 per share as tthey benefit of restating insurance and reinsurance liabilities outstripped tthey decline in non-U.S. denominated investments. Out debt-to-capital remains low at 12.5% and debt plus hybrids represents only 7% of our total capital which continues to give us significant financial flexibility. As Dinos mentioned, we continue to estimate having capital excess above our targeted position and additionally 724 million remains under our existing buyback authorization as at tthey end of tthey quarter. Book value per share is now $47.80 at tthey end of tthey quarter up 4.9% from year end and 15.1% relative to a year ago and ttheir change in book value per share ttheir quarter primarily reflects tthey continued strong underwriting performance and investment returns. So with ttheyse introductory comments, we are now pleased to take your questions Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from tthey line of Michael Nannizzi ,Goldman Sachs. Michael Nannizzi Thank you, thanks for that. Just one question -- a couple questions I had. One was on tthey decline in CAT premiums in tthey Reinsurance segment. I was a little surprised that tthey underlying didn't change more, just given I expect that business probably booked at a lower loss ratio. Were ttheyre ottheyr --? I'm sure ttheyre are ottheyr mix issues that are impacting tthey underlying measures, so I just wanted to get some context on that if I could. Thanks. Dinos Iordanou Well first our approach to tthey cat business was to maintain as much of that business with a client base. So in essence we committed to tthey client with purchases and ttheyn we looked at tthey risk characteristics of that portfolio and wtheyre we felt it was advantageous for us to buy retro sectional color to protect our book we choose to do so. So that was tthey approach for tthey quarter. We believe that some segments of tthey cat business is still depending on what part of tthey curve you are is profitable at very good levels meaning mid teens ROEs and ttheyn on some ottheyr parts of tthey curve, ttheyy might be in tthey mid single digits which in our view we don’t want to end tthey right cap business with an expected return of mid single digits. So that in essence being our approach, Mark I don’t want – do you want to add anything else to that. Mark Lyons Yes. Sure. I’ll just add that and you – and tthey way you phrased your question you kind of answered it. Ttheir clearly is mix difference beyond tthey pure CAT aspect that Dinos mentioned. And ttheyn example of that would be – we seldom talk about it ottheyr than tthey fabulous result is tthey facultative group, which add fabulous results for tthey quarter, but not quite as fabulous as tthey prior quarter. So, you get little bit of mix differences and in tthey case of property businesses tthey combined ratios can move. As far as longer and medium tailed businesses tthey combined ratios associated those are consistent with what you’d expect in tthey declining market. You’re inching up higtheyr and ttheir is simply a mix, tthey cost of tthey quarter ttheyre was up to be with ttheir. Michael Nannizzi Got it. And ttheyn, should we think about in terms of like tthey capital intensiveness of your business declining as you continue to maybe mix away from more capital intensive business in reinsurance. Did that have an impact on your appetite for buybacks in tthey quarter or maybe tthey amount of capital that you’re willing to allocate to those sort of activities? Dinos Iordanou Yes. Ttheyre’s a more fact that usually, theirtorically I would say that in tthey third quarter we refrain of buying back shares even wtheyn we have big buyback programs on tthey basis that it’s tthey CAT season and wtheyn we were committing 20% or 21% or 22% of our equity capital to a single event – a singly – 250-year, a single event, that is changing and as you saw with tthey numbers we have reported we’re in tthey sub 10% of capital in any one zone. And for that reason I think buyback opportunities are not going to limited to tthey second quarter but also in my view in tthey third quarter, because tthey cat PML aggressions we have and tthey excess capital that I have -- we have in tthey company ttheyre are such that I don’t worry too much about unusual event that it will cause us significant harm during tthey third quarter. Michael Nannizzi Great, thank you. And ttheyn just one quick one, just in terms of thinking about Watford and tthey reinsurance business, I mean, should we be thinking that your gross premiums might stick around wtheyre ttheyy are, but that we'll see just tthey cessions line just increase as you sort of toggle tthey premiums between those two segments? Is that how we should be thinking about it, or just if reinsurance market conditions continue, should we expect to see gross premiums decline as well? And, thank you for all your answers Mark Lyons Mike, good question. It is a difficult one to answer because it is tthey vagaries of tthey marketplace that drives that as to what we might balance [ph] and what might be natively written on Watford paper versus written by our Arch, Arch Re, Arch Insurance and ceded. So it’s really hard to say, what that direction might be. Just like a similar comment on any one of our units, that it’s hard to predict that. So I really prefer to not give a strong direction of response on that. But all I can tell that we’re continued to be really happy with tthey flow, tthey kind of business that we’re seeing and tthey sources of that business. Dinos Iordanou It’s hard to predict tthey future. I don’t know wtheyre tthey market is going to go. At tthey end of tthey day every single reinsurance transaction we do is based on tthey written characteristics. If it fits for Arch first, that’s our priority. We put it on our paper and we retain tthey risk and if it doesn’t, but because of additional potential investment return in Watford, its fits ttheyir model ttheyn we will put it ttheyre. And that’s tthey guiding principles that we have and we have been operating since tthey formation of Watford, and that will not change. So, trying to predict wtheyre tthey market is going to be is a dangerous – it’s a dangerous proposition. I don’t know wtheyre tthey reinsurance will be six months or year from today. My instructions to our troops and I think we got great underwriters, all you’ve got to do is look at ttheyir performance over tthey last 10, 12 years is behave prudently in tthey market that has been given to you and make tthey prudent underwriting decisions and don’t focus just on volume, just focus on return. And that’s our guiding principles. Michael Nannizzi Great. Thank you so much for tthey answer. Dinos Iordanou You’re welcome. Operator Tthey next question comes from Amit Kumar of Macquarie. Amit Kumar Good morning and congrats on tthey quarter. Just a few questions on tthey MI segment. Tthey first question on tthey discussion on tthey staggered program, clearly that’s a meaningful number ttheir quarter. How should we think about that opportunity I guess going forward? Dinos Iordanou I’ll make three points and I’ll turn it over to Mark. He knows tthey numbers better than I do, but well as well. Mark Lyons Time will tell. Dinos Iordanou Its lumpy business, however tthey incentives for both Fannie and Freddie have been increased. Ttheyir targeted amounts have been increase as I think we talked in tthey last quarter significantly by 50%. Last year tthey GSCs, ttheyy had a target of $90 billion each. Ttheir year’s its target is $150 billion for Fannie and $120 billion for Freddie, which we believe ttheyy’re going to reach, as ttheyy reach ttheyir goals last year. So in essence ttheyy’re going to be more in tthey marketplace. Of course, ttheyy can use tthey cash market, tthey bond market or ttheyy can use ttheyir reinsurance MI market for those transactions. We were tthey innovators of ttheyse stacked transactions. Tthey first one we did it was a combination of effort between us and Freddie Mac and ttheyir incentive is to put more and more of that business into different sources of private capital pools including tthey reinsurance market. So it’s going to be lumpy. We don’t know how many of ttheyse opportunities that are going to be ttheyre, that ttheyy’re going to come away. But we believe ttheyre going to be at an increase level from a year ago. And depending on pricing, we will continue to participate and that’s tthey best I can tell you, because we’re not magicians. But we can’t predict tthey future. But we feel confident that stacked transactions or stacked-like transactions will be more in 2015 that ttheyy were in 2014. Amit Kumar Got it. Mark Lyons Yes. I’ll just add to that, because I think you’re trying to add some of tthey mechanics of it is as ttheyre’s tthey capital market securities and ttheyn ttheyre’s tthey insurance fee and tthey capital market as I’ve alluded to in my prepared remarks. Tthey capital market incept quicker and tthey corresponding insurance transaction tend to get bound three to nine months later, so it has build-in delay, yet tthey GSC still want to incept identically and concurrently with tthey capital markets product. So once we bind we may have three months, six months or whatever of catch-up premium that we have to book. So any given quarter could have some components of catch-up given that we continue to have a stream of ttheyse staggered transactions for Dinos’s comment. Tthey ottheyr way you should think about it is think about tthey notional loans that make ttheyse traunctheys up, just like a subject based on tthey treaty. You have tthey rates that applies to it. However ttheir subject base declines over time. So each of ttheyse stacked deal have a 10-year maximum but tthey average life is probably closer to seven to eight years. But you have a declining pace to which ttheyse monthly rates are applicable and a decline basically through prepayments, people moving, refis, theyre are tthey normal reasons why ttheyse things would roll off. So that mechanically I think that’s how you have to think about. Dinos Iordanou And to make your life little more difficult for your modeling, right now all ttheir is accounted as derivatives that’s tthey $7.7 million that we talked about in ottheyr income, but we’re hoping soon ttheyy’re going to be converted to insurance accounting, so you going to have maybe a little more clarity, because we’ll reporting premiums, but we don’t know exactly wtheyn that is going to happen, and is going to done one a perspective basis [Indiscernible] but also for existing ones. Because don’t forget everything we bound last year or ttheir year it will still have a life of six, seven years into tthey future. So, it would get a little more complicated and I feel bad for your models but eventually you’re going to get it, wtheyn we get it. Amit Kumar Life is complicated. Just one more question and I’ll take tthey rest offline. If I look at tthey loss ratio for tthey MI segment and if I compare that with some of tthey ottheyr I guess non-legacy MI player what tthey guidance ttheyy give and your presentation from March, is ttheyre a loss ratio running higtheyr because it just shows tthey level of conservatism or is ttheyre more to it? Mark Lyons Well, your reference point, well, our loss was in mid 20s. But underneath that that continues to have improvement on our -- basically our relative delinquency percentages and things like that that continues to drop. But remember, you’ve got ottheyr things going now. We are reporting a segment total. So we are seeing an U.S. MI decline, but you also have any readjustments associated with our reinsurance divisions, reinsurance mortgage transactions that’s come through. In prior quarter we had I think some revaluations favorably on an insurance contracts, in ttheir win, made -- one big deal maybe have gone tthey ottheyr way. You’re going to get little bit in tthey ways, but I think tthey key core of your question is that you’re continuing to see improvements in tthey delinquency and claims in tthey U.S. MI book and tthey answer is yes. Dinos Iordanou And wtheyn you compare those numbers with tthey ottheyr public numbers from tthey U.S. MI we are as good as even slightly better than that. However wtheyn you get into tthey reinsurance sector we have a little more flexibility on tthey reserving side to be conservative and I rattheyr do that than be very aggressive on those ratios because at tthey end of tthey day early on an any business and depending if it’s tthey P&C business or tthey MI business, [Indiscernible] is a self-grading exam and your real exam comes wtheyn tthey real results come. So, that’s been our approach in everything we do and if I have tthey opportunity to be a big conservative, I will take that opportunity than tthey alternative. Amit Kumar Got it. That is ours [ph] philosophy. Thank you so much. Dinos Iordanou Don’t forget we have excess capital. We’re not capital constraint, so in that sense we got a lot of flexibility ttheyre. Amit Kumar I’ll stop theyre. Thanks for tthey time. Dinos Iordanou You’re welcome. Operator Tthey next question comes from Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. Kai Pan Thank you, and first question is on tthey CATs. Do you have any potential exposure to tthey Nepal earthquake, that tthey Baltimore riots as well as some ottheyr large losses like Pemex [ph]?  Dinos Iordanou I can ever say none, because I don’t know every contract we roll, but it’s minimal. My phone hasn’t rang and nobody wtheirper anything. And usually I’m tthey first to know. Kai Pan Okay. That’s great. Ttheyn on tthey insurance side you mentioned tthey casualty line pricing still outpacing loss cost trend. So but we haven’t seen that flowing through in your underlying combined ratio, just wondering are we going to see that in tthey near future? Mark Lyons Well, actually you have seen it. It depends on your time period over which you’re looking, but clearly tthey core ex-CAT actually and your combined ratio and loss ratio has improved. It been relative flat or move a couple of points theyre ttheyre from tthey corresponding quarter and that just make tthey noise. Kai Pan Okay. So you continue to see that, is ttheyre overall for tthey insurance second because what I see is really flattish, but you do expect that even tthey pricing in casualty lines? Dinos Iordanou Yes. You see you got to look at tthey components. Wtheyn you’re losing 8% to 10% rate on property which is a low attrition -- loan loss ratio business. So that has to move on. Kai Pan Okay. So ttheyre’s Dinos Iordanou So if ttheyse are 45, you might go to 52 or 53 maybe 55. And ttheyn you get tthey improvement on tthey ottheyr. So wtheyn you do it as a mix you might be offsetting some of tthey gain, so maybe is not that visible to you, because you got to look at tthey mix. We’re reporting tthey numbers as we see ttheym, we look at tthey segments. Some of ttheyir low loss ratio of business has been declining for us because rates that been actually decline significantly, but is not that we’re not trying to hold on to tthey business but we do. But that make also has to be taken into consideration to see if our casualty loss ratios have improve by more than a couple of points over tthey last I would say, six, seven quarters. Kai Pan Okay. That’s great. Ttheyn on MI. I just want to follow-up on that, as you say, at what premium level do you think you can reach to kind of I don’t want to call it steady state, but more reasonable to leverage your expense? Mark Lyons I don’t think about it in that fashion, I think we’re going to reach probably steady state in approximately three years because you do two things. One, you have a minimum fix expense value requires for you as you building up tthey business. But also depending if that business built fast or slowly you have tthey ability to also adjust your staffing as you go along. I would think we’d not going to be at a steady state on tthey MI business until probably tthey end of tthey 2017, so probably 2018 will be our first year that we’ll say theyy ttheir is our steady state number. So that’s tthey way I think about it and I think our people think about it about tthey same way. Having said that, internally we look at tthey profitability of tthey business as we do with everything that we do independent of sector to ultimate. If I’m making an underwriting decision today what is that going to mean for tthey shareholders, because ttheyir shareholders ttheyy are forever and that’s tthey way we view shareholders. We don’t view ttheym, today ttheyy are with us and tomorrow ttheyy are going to trade and get out. I view every dollar of capital is given to me that I have to guard it, that it ttheyre forever and that’s tthey way we think and that’s tthey way we behave. Kai Pan That’s great. Lastly if I may, if you look at tthey Watford investment return over tthey last few quarters, have been about to 3%, 4% annualized run rate, I just wonder could you give a little bit more color on tthey portfolio allocation as well as that what kind of target of return you have in mind? Dinos Iordanou Well, portfolio is fixed income as we mentioned before. It’s a fixed income base portfolio and generally lower investment grade or some non-investment grade, and that hasn’t change. It’s more tthey function of tthey performance and what’s rebounded, really in ttheir quarter. So, ttheyre’s really, Kai, no really change in tthey asset allocation to talk of. Kai Pan And do you any target return for that portfolio? Mark Lyons Well, it’s not us, we have a target return. I think Watford Highbridge have target returns. I believe but you got to ctheyck with ttheym. I believe ttheyir target returns on an unlever basis. It will be in ttheyir probably 5% to 6% and ttheyn on a lever basis because ttheyy expect to put about 50% leverage on it, it will boost return to high single digit. So that’s ttheyir target returns for tthey time, don’t forget tthey building up and ttheyy’re trying to invest all tthey investable assets that ttheyy have ttheyy are getting very close to that. But I think ttheyse are questions for Watford and not us, we’re just tthey minority shareholder in that. Kai Pan Well, thank you so much for all tthey answers. Good luck. Dinos Iordanou Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Ryan Tunis of Credit Suisse Ryan Tunis Hey, thanks guys. I guess my first question is probably for Mark, and it's a little bit of that pesky accounting one, just on understanding ttheyse stagger deals, but I just trying to think of how to think of tthey normalized run rate theyre on tthey 7-7. I mean, should we think about it -- if you guys don't write anottheyr deal in tthey second quarter would that stay kind of around theyre? Or, I think you mentioned $3 million of catch-up revenues; would it be $3 million less? Or would it be zero? I'm just kind of trying to understand how low ttheyse profitability Dinos Iordanou Well, again, without any forward looks and taking your assumption saying ttheyre’s nothing else written on a go forward basis what’s on tthey books. Ttheir said that around tthey number. Tthey 7.5 million had 3.5 million of catch-up, so that’s 4 million and ttheyn you need to apply your own persistency exception of how fast those loans follow up. And that’s – you have to apply as tthey cases on that that your best way of doing it. Dinos Iordanou Okay. Let me give you a number and ttheyn you can do your decay factor yourself, right. All ttheir staggered transactions we’ve done; ttheyy are pretty much last year, ttheir year. Ttheyy have $617 million of insure limit and our life time premium; it will be approximately $110 million, that’s tthey life time premium over tthey period. Now you can say it’s going to take six or seven or seven to eight years whatever. We believe that 2015 is approximately. We don’t do anottheyr transaction about 20 million, that will average about 5 million run rate a quarter, that will decline a bit if we don’t write any of it transactions in 2016 decline a little bit, in 2017 or until you get 11 million over tthey life time of contracts. Mark Lyons Yes, do you any clarification because that’s good view Dino that gave you but that’s an ultimate view or its nominal dollars. Secondly it’s ultimate. You who had asking a question on vagaries of timing, and timing of catch-up it’s hard to predict quarter by quarter by quarter. Dinos’s is right but it doesn’t address tthey timing of wtheyn ttheyy recognize. Ryan Tunis Okay. That’s theylpful, I guess kind of seeing on a GSC deals, it sounds little more I guess higtheyr level, but I guess up until now I think I’ve eittheyr you guys have said it, I read it some it, 70% of tthey capacity has been I guess capital markets driven. You guys have a view maybe looking at over tthey next two or three years. How much of that comes to tthey MI side as oppose to capital markets? Dinos Iordanou WE don’t that. I think that’s a question for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Actually in 2014 it was 80/20 it was only on tthey first quarter of 2015 that it was 70/30, ttheyy determine that and ttheyy – and that’s why it so hard to predict. Ttheyy view I believe ttheyy view ttheyir reinsurance plays as more of a steady capital. We have a view that capital market is having a limited capacity, but that capacity it can difficult, it can be price very high at some points and very low at some ottheyr point. So it will depend on tthey pricing. Ttheyy test tthey capital markets for us. Ttheyy see what ttheyy can get from ttheyre ttheyy test tthey insurance and reinsurance market what ttheyy can get from ttheyre and ttheyy make those determinations. But ttheyy do have an incentive to broaden tthey base of private capital willing to take credit risk so ttheyy can de-risk pools significantly so ttheyy can go back to Congress and say we have tthey risk tthey entire portfolio, so tthey tax payer is only taking tthey very end tail risk, tthey black swan scenario, which I think is a good thing. It allows private market to price it and take tthey risk and nobody has tthey unlimited capacity to take unlimited risk. Only tthey government can do that. But that’s tthey very end and tthey tail even that none of us has tthey ability to do. Ryan Tunis Got it. And ttheyn I guess just quickly, my last one on tthey MI business, it looked like half of tthey NIW, it sounds like, didn't come from credit unions. I'm assuming it came from banks. I'm just interested, I guess, in kind of tthey breakout of that NIW, how much of that maybe came from your top five-type banks, how much of that came from some of tthey ottheyr nationals and some of -- and how much of it ttheyn came from tthey smaller guys. I don't know if you can give me that level of granularity but I'd be interested in that? Dinos Iordanou I don’t have it in front of me that granularity maybe one we have – I think we have our Investor Day coming up in June 8th and probably we’ll – I’ll make a note and ttheyn we’ll have a little more granularity to share with you. Usually we don’t try to focus. At ttheir level of our development to specific originators we’re trying to get as broad as we can and sign as many of ttheyse originators and as you saw we’re pretty happy with wtheyre we are, we have 15 of tthey top 16. I don’t know what that’s top 15 is, but it might be, maybe 60%, 70% of tthey market. Now tthey question is how does that flow? Tthey fact that you have connected all tthey pipes and you have all tthey agreement it doesn’t mean that water flowing freely. It starts trickling in and ttheyn it accelerate because all ttheyse things have to – ttheyre is a lot of work that needs to done on getting tthey systems to work with each ottheyr and start getting tthey flow. But we’ll give you more of a color in our. We’re going to have our MI make people doing a presentation and ttheyn we’ll get into that granularity at that point in time. Ryan Tunis That’s theylpful. Thanks so much guys. Dinos Iordanou Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Charles Sebaski of BMO Capital Markets. Charles Sebaski Good morning, afternoon, I guess it is now. I had a question in trying understand tthey ROE impact, tthey ceded business to Watford Re. So, we don't know exactly what it is but ttheir quarter it seems like it's maybe $50 million of business ceded to Watford. And I assume that that's 10% ROE business like tthey rest of yours? But tthey income to you guys from Watford on tthey minority ownership and ottheyr fees and ottheyr stuff, how does that transition? How do you look at that? You go, okay, we transitioned $50 million of premium that's generating a 10% ROE -- how does that return from Watford look relatively? And does that free up capital? Dinos Iordanou You’re starting with tthey premise that is incorrect. Charles Sebaski Okay. Dinos Iordanou If tthey $50 million had a 10% ROE it will be on our books. Based on tthey investment returns we achieve. Don’t forget we have an A plus rating, it requires a different capital and also it requires through tthey rating agencies and regulators at different investment philosophy. Now that business for us would have been maybe mid single-digit ROE, by putting it into Watford, we’re boosting tthey ROE because that set of shareholders ttheyy’re willing to take more investment risk. And tthey way you got to think about it is that about it is that ttheyy have at least I would say 250, 300 basis points investment advantage over a traditional P&C operation, having that advantage on business that it has approximately 3.5 year duration and 70% is loss and loss adjustment expense you can do tthey math you compound 300 basis points for 3.5 years, for 70% of tthey premium and you’re writing seven, eight points of ROE on an after tax basis. So you take something that is in tthey 6, 7 and it becomes 14, 15. So that’s tthey way you got to think about it. Now, 5, 6, 7 is not acceptable to us, because first of all, it creates a lot of pension within our ranks. Our incentive compensation for our underwriter is based on as achieving a minimum of 8% ROE. If we don’t achieve that I think we run home with empty pockets, our wives that really upset about that. So at tthey end of tthey year ttheyre is culture theyre wtheyn we get to our underwriting that we got theyat on an accepted basis certain target if we don’t hit it that’s wtheyn we go. Now to do tthey math we get – not utilizing our own capital we get. Well, 11% we get by utilizing our investment which is our own capital, but of course we get fees and we get profit commission through tthey backend, we just have created to our shareholders because ttheyre is not utilization of capital for that. I haven’t done tthey mark on 50 million, but if you want me to do it I can do it and I have done, give you tthey arithmetic, but you can probably do tthey arithmetic yourselves. Charles Sebaski That’s what I thought, I mean, regardless to tthey initial premise of 10% ROE being wrong and its mid-single digits, but wtheyn you see that conceptually whatever capital was supporting that to begin with is now free and clear, if it go on to capital management. Dinos Iordanou That’s correct. Charles Sebaski And tthey return that generated from 11% ownership is a magnitude higtheyr relative to now that freed up capital, right, because…? Dinos Iordanou That’s tthey right way to think about it, yes. A - Mark Lyons Investment return, long term investment return leverage over a traditional insurer being realized. Charles Sebaski And so, ttheyn on that basis so in that construct how much business currently can you see to wtheyn you look at your book, if we look at ttheir year I mean, what’s tthey potential obviously ttheir changes in market pricing that can be seeded or is ttheyre a governor or a limit on in any given period how much business you can see to ttheym? Dinos Iordanou Yes. Ttheyre is limitation on tthey basis of ttheyir capital base. Wtheyn we see business to ttheym ttheyy collateralized it for us on tthey expectancy. So in essence ttheyre is limitations from ttheyir point of view as to how much ttheyy can write based on ttheyir capital base, independent if they is cessions from us for things ttheyy write directly into tthey market ttheymselves. And of course how much capacity ttheyy have or neittheyr LOCs nor ottheyr collateral ttheyy have to put up depending wtheyre tthey business is emanating. So, but we seems ttheir is a new company ttheyn they has quite a bit of capital. Ttheyy have in excess of cash [ph] in capital. Ttheyy got a size 10 shoe and a size three foot right now. So ttheyre is plenty of room for tthey foot to grow into tthey shoe. Charles Sebaski And outside of your return dynamics in tthey reinsurance book of mid single-digit ROE profile, is that really tthey only limiting factor for you in ceding business ttheyre or it just sort of ttheir business is below our return threshold outside of that ttheyre’s no ottheyr, theyy, we’re not going to do more than ttheir or ttheyre’s what ottheyr factors might be? Dinos Iordanou Ttheyre is three scenarios theyre, okay. And I’ll give you tthey scenarios. Let me start with a premise. We have an obligation. It’s a contractual obligation as a matter of fact I think I don’t know, a dozen or more of our employees are actually dual employees. Ttheyy are employed by us and also ttheyy’re employed by Watford. Ttheyir portion of ttheyir salaries paid for ttheym for activities that ttheyy do on ttheyir behalf. Now business comes to us. We underwrite it and we decide that it fits tthey Watford model, we put it ttheyre. Business originates from Watford. Ttheyy fill in tthey market and ttheyn ttheyy use those employees and ttheyn say theyy we sourced ttheir, we got ttheyse phone calls directly, underwrite ttheir piece of business for us. That can take two paths. One path is tthey client they might be European client will accept tthey Watford paper or it might be a U.S. client or and ttheyy say, we want Arch to issue and reinsure back to you. So those are three scenarios that happened. In tthey first one we determine tthey ROEs based on what we’ve seen. It doesn’t fit our book. It fits ttheyirs, we will put it ttheyre. In tthey ottheyr two scenarios we got an obligation to what tthey deals on ttheyir behalf we work tthey deals. And in some cases wtheyn I say kind we have a little piece of ttheir because – and depending on how much of that deal ttheyy want to give us we might even take it at all. Don’t forget Arch takes 15% of those deals through tthey backend for underwriting consistency, so wtheyn I generate some activity for Watford that it was originated and it was Watford paper not only I have 11% ownership in tthey company, but also I take a 15% quota share through tthey backend. So it’s not – it’s hard for you guys to look at all tthey components and even our reporting with tthey ottheyr sector sometimes it might be getting a big confusing to you, but at tthey end of tthey day I’m trying to explain to you all tthey scenarios and those are tthey three scenarios usually that happen on a day-to-day basis. Mark Lyons Tthey only thing that I would add is a different cut of it by a line of business as oppose to tthey flow of business, Dinos has talked about that. And it’s been more decision of upfront, not fund return characteristics as much as preservation of capital to not put a lot of CAT business in ttheyre because you could get unlucky and have a cash call early and you want that compound interest on a fixed income strategy to have your building to work in compound. So if you have a big cash call early, you hurt tthey ability for that to happen  Dinos Iordanou And tthey longer tthey tail tthey better tthey advantage ttheyy have. So tthey construct of that book is not to feed it with a lot of short tail business, that’s not really wtheyre ttheyy have tthey advantage. Tthey advantage is no longer tail lines. Low volatility, more predictable combined ratios longer tail. Hard to find, hard to do but that’s tthey premise. Charles Sebaski Thank you very much for tthey answers. Dinos Iordanou You’re welcome. Operator Tthey next question from Meyer Shields – Meyer your line is now live. Meyer Shields of KBW. Meyer Shields Sorry about that. Hi, two quick questions if I can. First of all I guess tthey corporate or ottheyr expenses were down about 30% year-over-year. Is that sort of decrease sustainable? Dinos Iordanou What I can tell you on corporate expense we’re not – I don’t like overtheyad and I’m not adding to it so I would say ttheyy probably be steady. I haven’t really focused on tthey delta ttheir quarter to see if it was significant or not but I can tell you we’re keeping a very lien holding company staff. Mark you have any more detail on that. Mark Lyons Yes, on corporate expense if we are characterizing it at tthey same way – it was down around 13% to 15% and it was mostly driven by reduction in stock option expense. So that depends on what people do and that effectively not allocate exercise and so forth. So, I would say we continue to look to push those down, but I wouldn’t go crazy expecting a compounded benefit every quarter. Meyer Shields Okay, that’s theylpful. Does tthey opportunity exists none of ttheyir low premium volumes in tthey reinsurance segment to reduce tthey expenses ttheyre? Dinos Iordanou Tthey expenses ttheyre in tthey MI bucket and that is a clean number. Wtheyn internally we look at it, we have a different set of numbers but accounting requires you to report in a certain way so we report all tthey MI expenses under tthey MI sector and ttheyir ottheyr income comes clean of any expenses. Meyer Shields Perfect. Okay, thanks so much. Dinos Iordanou You’re welcome. Operator Tthey next question comes from Jay Cotheyn, Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Jay Cotheyn Thank you. A couple of questions, I guess starting with tthey mortgage side. Wtheyn tthey accounting -- if and wtheyn tthey accounting changes, for tthey staggered transactions, will tthey bottom-line impact be vastly different on a quarterly basis? If you're accounting as insurance versus derivative? Dinos Iordanou No, it should be just more a explosion of a single line into a lot of lines. Written premiums, earned premium expense, acquisition cost, loss reserves, aid [ph] losses, but bottom line it ain’t going to change anything. Jay Cotheyn Okay, that’s good to know. And I guess tthey ottheyr question, within tthey mortgage segment you do have ttheyse ottheyr operating expenses, kind of moving up as you build out that business, wtheyn did ttheyy start to level off? Dinos Iordanou We’re in a steady state now on dollar expenditure. Our marketing team is fully deployed, ttheyre is no significant positions for us to fill. So right now is just for ttheym to go out and execute in tthey market place. But tthey build up after we have brought tthey assets from tthey CMG and tthey assets from PMI it was to create ttheyse marketing team that we have which is approximately give or take a few reps of about 60 people. And we have reactheyd that level now; we have filled every single key position. Mark Lyons So I would just add to that. Spending on what you are looking at quarter over quarter you – at Jay. Quarter over quarter you got tthey distortion because tthey first quarter of 2014 was only two months, not three months which I think. But on tthey serial point of view tthey one of tthey tweak for what Dino says to all tthey sales people now on board is ttheyre is a split of tthey expenses of tthey U.S. MI staff that’s cat and net to us versus what goes back to PMI. And that changes as a function of tthey work that’s done. So tthey simplest to think of is and it varies by function, controller ship and IT and so forth, but is a claim function. As claim inventory liquidates on that finite set of claims tthey dollars associated with tthey claim function would shrink and ttheyrefore Arch as opposed to PMI would absorb those. So that mixture changes overtime and that’s tthey only ottheyr tweak I would make to Dino’s comment, right. Dinos Iordanou But with ttheir based on activity we have tthey ability to manage that, right. But tthey activity from us managing tthey PMI run offs so to speak it will diminish over tthey next three, four, five years and now it’s a question, do we need all that personnel and if we do we’ll keep ttheym because we are building our business versus allocating all that goes back to PMI. Jay Cotheyn Got it. Perfect. Tthey last question was with Watford Arch earned some fees for running, theylping run Watford wtheyre does it show up in your reported results? Dinos Iordanou Ttheyre’s more than one place, but most of ttheym at ttheir points in an offset to acquisition. Jay Cotheyn Got it. Acquisition in your reinsurance segment? Dinos Iordanou Correct, yes. Jay Cotheyn [Indiscernible] M&A some of it was right. Dinos Iordanou It’s right. Mark Lyons And don’t forget Jay, profit culminations are not in that yet, right. Jay Cotheyn Right. Got it. Dinos Iordanou You got to see that quick in first. Jay Cotheyn Perfect. Thanks for tthey answers. Dinos Iordanou You are welcome. Operator Tthey next question comes from Ian Gutterman of Balyasny. Ian Gutterman Dinos, I think tthey souvlaki is going to all be gone; ttheir call has gone so long theyre.  Dinos Iordanou No, no today on tthey menu is [Indiscernible]  Ian Gutterman Okay. I hope we’ll have some ottheyrs in June. Dinos Iordanou Yes you will. Mark Lyons See Ian, we all learnt something. Ian Gutterman So, I guess my first question is, tthey ottheyr specialty reinsurance has been declining at a fairly noticeable pace tthey past few quarters. Could you give a little color on what specific lines in ttheyre are shrinking and maybe even what's left that remains, that's a big part of that line at ttheir point? Dinos Iordanou Well Mark, you want to handle that? Mark Lyons Well let me just pull ttheir something, okay. Dinos Iordanou Tthey one obvious place is property cap which – and ttheyn we reduce significantly on tthey more or quarter shares overseas that’s anottheyr area. And ttheyn it will give you more granularity Mark. Mark Lyons Because as we – I think our reinsurance group is good at finding opportunistic opportunities. And you get ttheym ttheyy hit a quarterly statement and ttheyy are really not renewable. So you may recall we had conversations of some relatively large premiums a year ago ttheir quarter that were opportunistic in nature and those didn’t repeat. So and that’s wtheyre all those specialities are. Ttheyre was also a bit of a fall off in some accident and theyalth business. But I think predominantly you can – besides what Dino said you focus in on ttheyse opportunistic transactions that were unique to tthey market place at that time. Ian Gutterman Perfect, I just want to make sure on that. With tthey decrease in tthey CAT exposure and tthey short-tail exposure, can you give us a sense of how much your CAT load has come down on a model basis? Dinos Iordanou Well pretty material as you might guess. Mark Lyons Ian, do tthey calculation I haven’t done it. But go to tthey old PMLs and do tthey division between tthey new PML and tthey old and that will give you and indication as to what tthey – Ian Gutterman Okay. And I was wondering wtheyttheyr that would work or not. Dinos Iordanou I would say right now if I would take a guess it will be around 40 million a quarter of ttheyreabout so it will be about, I would say instead of 200 plus it might be about 160. Ian Gutterman Got it, okay thank you. Dinos Iordanou But ttheyn listen, ttheir is back of tthey envelope. I’m pretty sure on tthey back of tthey envelope, but ttheyre is no precision in that number. Ian Gutterman No that’s okay, I was just trying to get tthey ballpark, okay. Mark Lyons Might be 159. Ian Gutterman Exactly, point two. Tthey ottheyr thing I was wondering on PML is can you give us a sense of how different, how much your gross PMLs come down relative to your net PML meaning how much of tthey PML reduction is ttheyre are tthey increased retro buying versus actually cutting tthey gross? Dinos Iordanou Well tthey gross came down a little bit. It was maybe in tthey order of about 5%, 6% ttheyy are about and ttheyn most of tthey ottheyr reduction is reduced writings and also retro session of buying. Ian Gutterman Okay, got it. And ttheyn my last thing before letting you get to meet bowles [ph] is… Dinos Iordanou Well [Indiscernible] ttheyre is no mid bowles in Greek language. Ian Gutterman I know, I can’t pronounce that Dinos, I’m not as good; I don’t have that dialect down yet. Just as far as how to think about excess capital, right. I mean obviously with much of us cat you should be able to write it a different premium and tthey surplus than you used to, right. So how shall we – is ttheyre a good metric to think about rule of tthey thumb for how to evaluate excess capital? Dinos Iordanou Ttheyre is no rule of thumb. We run tthey SMP model of course, if you riding those cat tthey allocation to tthey cat business from a capital point of view is less. We factor that in into our excess capital calculation and ttheyn we make decisions of that. I – listen I got a guy [Indiscernible] they’s got to do some work at some point of time. I got to ask them to do something. So they does a lot for us. Ian Gutterman I mean if I were to just look at sort of tthey capital charge for your PML how much has come down and ttheyn say that’s one part and ttheyn tthey ottheyr part would obviously be tthey – between earnings and return of capital. Is that a fair way to look at it essentially? Dinos Iordanou Yes it is and also you got to look at tthey mortgage as we deploy more capital. Even though in tthey mortgage we are over capitalized already, it’s going to take us anottheyr, I don’t know six quarters maybe even longer to fill tthey shoe so. Ian Gutterman Okay, I guess what I'm dancing around; maybe I'll ask a little bit more directly -- it seems like excess capital is getting to be maybe, I have to go back to some of tthey times wtheyn it was really high, but it may be getting in tthey upper quartile of wtheyre it has been theirtorically. Dinos Iordanou It’s up ttheyre, yes. But from a rating agency perspective to your play. Pretty close to every dollar we have a reduction in – as a dollar to excess capital. Ian Gutterman Well that’s kind of what I am getting at, okay. All great thank you guys. Operator Thank you. You have no furttheyr questions. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Dinos for closing remark. Dinos Iordanou Well thank you all for listening and we are looking forward to tthey next quarter. Have a wonderful day. Operator Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. Ttheir concludes tthey presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.