Arch Capital Group Ltd. (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q3 2016 Earnings Conference Call October 27, 2016 11:00 AM ET Executives Constantine Iordanou - Chairman and CEO Marc Grandisson - President and COO Mark Lyons - EVP and CFO Analysts Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Quentin McMillan - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Ryan Byrnes - Janney Brian Meredith - UBS Josh Shanker - Deutscthey Bank Securities Jay Cotheyn - BankAmerica Merrill Lynch Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Arch Capital Group Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. Before tthey company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today’s press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey Federal Securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management’s current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review tthey periodic reports that are filed by tthey company with SEC from time-to-time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey company intends tthey forward-looking statements in tthey call to be subject to tthey Safe Harbor created ttheyreby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in tthey company’s current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey company’s earnings press release and is available on tthey company’s website. I would now like to introduce your hosts for today’s conference, Mr. Dinos Iordanou, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Mark Lyons. Sirs, you may begin. Constantine Iordanou Thank you, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our third quarter earnings call. Before I comment on tthey quarter’s results, I wanted to note two items. First, ttheir October represents tthey 15th year anniversary and I would like to express my gratitude to our employees, whose dedication and commitment has built ttheir successful company over tthey last 15 years. Our employees are not just our most important asset; ttheyy are critical to producing tthey market-leading performance that we have seen ttheyse past 15 years. And I would like to say thank you to all of ttheym. Second item I want to comment on is about our pending acquisition of United Guaranty Corporation, as you know Arch has agreed to purchase United Guaranty for approximately $3.42 billion. Early indications from tthey GSE’s and regulators have been positive and we are hoping that tthey acquisition will close late in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year, which will minimize tthey disruption to our distribution partners in tthey mortgage lending space, as well as tthey employees of United Guaranty who will benefit from ttheir timing as ttheyy transfer to Arch benefits and theyalthcare coverages as of January 1, so ttheyy don’t have to deal with a split year deductibles and all tthey ottheyr complications that at different date might produce. Now turning to ttheyse quarter results, we have a good quarter. Our reported combined ratio on a core basis, which Mark Lyons will define in a moment improved to 86.5% for tthey third quarter, as catastropthey losses were light [ph] at $10.7 million. Loss reserve development continues to remain at favorable in each of our segments, which in tthey aggregate reduce our combined ratio by 8.8 points in tthey quarter. Ttheyre were no significant changes that we see in tthey property, casualty, operating environment in tthey last quarter. In our insurance segment, we saw a slight deterioration in rates across some sectors, particularly in tthey high access and short tail areas. But rates were generally stable in most of tthey lines, while tthey mortgage insurance environment remains both stable and theyalthy. Marc Grandisson will give you more details on what we see in each of tthey markets in a few minutes. On an operating basis, we produce an annualized return on equity of 8.8% while on a net income basis, we earn an annualized return of equity of 15.3% for tthey quarter. As we have told you in previous quarters, net income movements can be more volatile on a quarterly basis as ttheyse earnings are influenced by changes in foreign exchange rates and realized gains and losses, ottheyr investment portfolio. Net investment income per share for tthey quarter was $0.53 per share down forced us [ph] sequentially from tthey second quarter of 2016. Despite volatility in tthey investment and foreign exchange markets ttheir year on a local currency basis, total return on our investment portfolio was a positive 88 basis points and 91 basis points if we include tthey effects of foreign exchange in tthey quarter. Our operating cash flow was very strong at $421 million in tthey third quarter, as compared to $359 million in tthey third quarter of 2015. Our book value per common share at September 30, 2016 was $53.62 per share at 3% increase sequentially from tthey second quarter of 2016 and 12.5% increase from tthey third quarter over a year ago. While some segments of our business have become more competitive, we believe that group-wide on an expected basis, tthey present value ROE on tthey business written in tthey 2016 underwriting year should produce ROEs in tthey range of 10% to 12% on allocated capital. Before I turn tthey call over to Marc Grandisson, I would like to discuss our PMLs, which are essentially unchanged from July 1. As usual, I would like to point out that our cat PMLs aggregates reflect business bound through October 1st, while tthey premium numbers indicated in our financial statement are through September 30th, and ttheyn tthey PMLs are reflected net off of reinsurance and retrocessional covers. As of our largest 250 PML for a single event remains in tthey norttheyast at $488 million, or 7.4% of common shareholder’s equity. I think ttheir is tthey lowest percentage ever for us. Our Gulf of Mexico PML was at $418 million and our Florida Tri-County PML increased slightly to $405 million. I will now turn it over to Marc Grandisson to comment on tthey operating units and market conditions and after that I think Mark Lyons will share tthey financial results in detail before we come back to take your questions. Marc? Marc Grandisson Thank you, Dinos. Good morning to all. In tthey third quarter, we saw a continued softening of rates in positions across tthey P&C world. Particularly in tthey more commoditized lines and as Dinos mentioned, a stable MI marketplace. Our P&C units both insurance and reinsurance produced acceptable combined ratios as our underwriters focused on specialty lines, wtheyre knowledge and expertise differentiated to ttheir selection. As you are all aware, we continue to build out of our MI segment in tthey third quarter, our returns are attractive. Turning first to our primary P&C insurance operations, which represents about 60% of our total premiums. Rate changes in our U.S. operations were relatively stable in tthey third quarter at a negative of 110 basis points versus a negative of 120 basis points last quarter. As in previous quarters, most of what we at Arch call, our controlling low volatility segments which includes travel, A&H, contract binding, construction and program business had rate changes that were in a slightly positive range 50bps, while our cycle managed segments, which includes property in marine, energy and casualty experienced single to double-digit rate decreases. Unfortunately, rate decreases are becoming widespread across more business units than have been building over tthey last few quarters, increasingly our business mix is moving towards smaller specialty risks, which had theirtorically performed better in submarkets given that ttheyy are less exposed to tthey competitive pressures of tthey broad commercial liability and short tail markets. Globally P&C market remains also under pressure from a rate level perspective. In tthey UK, rate changes across all our product lines average negative 5% ttheir quarter leading us to shift furttheyr towards portfolios of smaller risks with lower volatility. Areas of opportunity within tthey insurance sectors were limited with modest growth recorded in tthey third quarter in our construction and national accounts, travel an alternative market line. Most of tthey growth came because we took advantage of ttheir location in those areas, yet our executive insurance property and marine businesses are areas wtheyre we level [ph] leaders to a continuing defensive strategy of reducing risks. Market conditions in our reinsurance group, which is 30% of our premium volume remain competitive. Our teams have to be very selective given conditions in ttheyir operating environments, but Arch’s theirtory is that our underwriters have been able to find opportunities that still meet our target returns. Ttheir quarter specialty areas such as agriculture and motor grew well short tailed segments such as property, cat and marine experienced significant rate decreases and we accordingly decreased our writings in those segments. Our strategy at Arch has been to focus on nicthey areas of opportunities, wtheyre as I said earlier, we believe that knowledge and experience gives us an edge, for that reason and given tthey tough market conditions in any one quarter, our premium mix changes sometimes significantly. Turning to our third leg, our MI segment, which is ttheir quarter 9% of our premium, but a growing percentage of our premium earned. We estimate that our market share of primary NIW in tthey U.S. rose to about 10% or 11% in tthey third quarter from 9% market share in Q2. In addition, we continued our market leadership in underwriting new U.S. GSE risk sharing transactions, which stood at $2 billion of notional limits enforce and we continue to see good volume from our Australian primary insurance relationship. Notably ttheir quarter, we elected to purchase a quarter share on our Australian business to theylp manage tthey risk profile of our global MI exposure, while returns on ttheir business remain attractive, we believe it is prudent to manage what potential adverse results and we expect ttheir risk much like we do in our ottheyr lines of business in tthey P&C sector, wtheyre we typically purchased protection to limit our aggregate exposures. Our U.S. MI operation increases its NIW 36% to $8.75 billion during tthey third quarter of 2016, of which approximately 79% came through tthey bank channel. It should be noted that ttheyre is seasonality in tthey level of mortgage origination. Historically, tthey second and third quarter have significant higtheyr production than tthey first and fourth quarters. Our return expectation across our MI segment remains in excess of our long-term ROE target and we expect that for tthey foreseeable future. And with that, I'll hand ttheir over to Mark to cover tthey detailed financial results. Mark? Mark Lyons Right. Thank you, Marc and good morning, all. As was took on previous calls, my comments to follow today are on a pure Arch basis, which excludes tthey ottheyr segment that being Watford Re unless ottheyrwise noted. I will continue to use tthey term core as Dinos mentioned in their notes to denote results without Watford Re and tthey term consolidated, wtheyn discussing results, including Watford Re. As Dinos commented, we announced UGC acquisition in August for a consideration of approximately $3.4 billion subject to a potential dollar-for-dollar reduction from any pre-closing dividend by UGC to AIG and subject to potential fluctuations due to tthey color structure around our common equivalent preferred component. Financing and integration activities are proceeding smoothly as we push for a year-end closing. Before I review our financial results, so let me update you on our recent financing activities during tthey third quarter. Tthey first is tthey issuance of $18 million, 5.25% series A non-cumulative for preference shares in late September, which raised net proceeds of approximately $435 million, which will be used primarily towards funding tthey UGC acquisition. Secondly, we negotiated a syndicated bridge loan facility in support of tthey UGC acquisition of $1.375 billion. Tthey potential use of which has been commensurately reduced for tthey aforementioned preferred stock issuance. Thirdly, we began efforts to renew our existing credit facility towards increasing tthey capacity to $850 million, which includes a $500 million unsecured revolving credit trancthey and a $350 million secured letter of credit trancthey. Tthey new facility has been signed ttheir week expires in five years and gives us access to additional capital for tthey UGC acquisition and for general corporate purposes. Please refer to our publicly available SEC filings for more detail. Okay, with that said, tthey core combined ratio for ttheir quarter was 86.5% with 1.3 points of current accident year cat-related events net of insurance to reinsurance - reinstatement premium, compared to tthey 2015 third quarter combined ratio of 89.7%, which reflected 2.3 points of cat-related events. Losses from 2016 cat events recorded in tthey third quarter, net of recoverables at reinstatement premiums totaled $10.7 million versus $18.8 million in tthey third quarter of 2015. Ttheyse third quarter cat losses stem mostly from within our reinsurance operation and reflect tthey series of small events around tthey globe with no single event concentration. Tthey 2016 third quarter core combined ratio reflects 8.8 points of prior year net favorable development compared to 7.1 points of prior period favorable development on tthey same basis in tthey 2015 third quarter. Ttheir resulted a core accident quarter combined ratio excluding cat for tthey third quarter of 94% even as compared to 94.5% active quarter combined ratio in tthey third quarter of 2015. In tthey insurance segment, tthey 2016 accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats was 97.9% compared to an accident quarter combined ratio of 95.8% a year ago and 96.3% similarly last quarter. Ttheir 210-basis point increase between tthey third quarter of 2016 versus 2015 was driven by a 130 basis points in tthey loss ratio and 80 basis points in tthey expense ratio. Tthey loss ratio would increase; it was primarily attributable to certain large attritional losses emanating from our U.S. operations. After adjusting for tthey incremental difference in large attritional losses, tthey accident quarter loss ratio ttheir quarter is virtually flat with tthey prior year's quarter. Tthey reinsurance segment, 2016 accident quarter combined ratio exclusive of cat was 96.5% compared to 94.6% in tthey third quarter of last year and versus 98.4% yearly last quarter. Tthey combined ratio reflected tthey impact of several excess property facultative losses that occurred during tthey quarter. Tthey mortgage segment 2016, accident quarter combined ratio was 60.7% compared to 82.5% for tthey third quarter of last year. Ttheir decrease is predominantly driven by favorable trends related to claim rates and claim sizes and tthey continued expense ratio improvement in our U.S. primary MI book due mostly to growth along with beneficial mix changes towards GSE credit risk sharing transaction. Ttheyre was however one transaction in ttheir quarter in tthey mortgage segment, which distorts tthey quarter-over-quarter comparison. Retrocessional coverage was purchased on certain Australian LMI business with loan to values greater than 90% that extended back to tthey inception of tthey underlying agreement, which was May of 2015. As a result, premiums ttheir quarter contained an additional $34 million of catch-up sessions, which served to commensurately understate net written premiums for tthey quarter. Regarding prior period development, tthey insurance segment accounted for roughly 18% of tthey total net favorable development in tthey quarter and ttheir was primarily driven by longer and medium tailed lines in tthey 2007, 2012 accident years partially offset by some accident year of 2015 property loss development from our UK operations. Tthey reinsurance segment accounted for approximately 79% of tthey total favorable development in tthey quarter with roughly 45% of that due to net favorable development on short tailed lines concentrated in 2012 through 2015 underwriting years, and tthey balance due to net favorable development on longer tailed lines emanating across most underwriting years prior to 2013. Tthey mortgage segment contributed out 3% of tthey total net favorable developments, which translates to a 3.2 point beneficial impact to tthey mortgage segment loss ratio, again resulting from continued lower than expected claim rates. Tthey overall core expense ratios for tthey quarter was 33.4% compared to tthey prior year’s comparative quarter of 34.2%. Ttheir 80-point basis point improvement is driven mostly from improved acquisition expense in tthey reinsurance and mortgage segment with tthey latter benefit largely being aided by a higtheyr proportion of GSE business receiving insurance accounting treatment, which has lower acquisition expense. Additionally, corporate expenses included approximately $6.8 million or about $5.5 a share of nonrecurring cost associated with tthey UGC transaction. Ttheyse costs reflect investment banker fees, bridge loan facility fees along with related legal accounting rating and SEC fees. Core cash flow from operations was approximately $421 million in tthey quarter versus approximately $359 million in tthey third quarter of 2015, ttheir was primarily due to a lower level of net paid losses ttheir quarter versus last year’s quarter. Core pre-tax investment income in tthey 2016 as Dinos mentioned was $66.3 million or $0.53 per share versus $67 million or $0.54 per share quarter-over-quarter and sequentially versus $70.4 million or $0.57 per share. Tthey decrease on tthey sequential basis was primarily due to tthey effective low interest rates on fixed income securities available in tthey market and unfavorable inflation just on U.S. tip securities. As always, we evaluate investment performance on a total return basis and not nearly by tthey geography of net investment income as exemplified by tthey $96 million of core realized gains in tthey quarter. That being said, total returns as a positive 88 basis points ttheir quarter, which reflects tthey impact of foreign exchange and a positive 91 basis points on a local currency basis. Ttheir return was led by strong equity, non-investment grade fixed income and alternative investment results. Our effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income available to our shareholders for ttheir quarter with an expense of 6.5% compared to an expense of 5.7% in tthey corresponding quarter 2015, driven by an increased proportion of U.S. based income. Ttheir quarter, 6.5% effective tax rate includes 50 basis points or roughly $800,000 relating to a true-up of tthey prior two quarters tax provision to tthey estimated annual effective tax rate reflected theyre. As always, fluctuations in tthey effective tax rate can resolve from variability in tthey relative mix of income or loss reported by jurisdiction. Our total capital was $8.24 billion at tthey end of 2016 third quarter, up 8.5% relative to last quarter, and up 2.6%, wtheyn excluding tthey recent $450 million preferred stock issuance discussed earlier. Our debt-to-capital ratio ttheir quarter remains low at 10.8% and debt plus hybrids represents 20.2% of our total capital, which continues to give us significant financial flexibility. We continue to estimate having capital in excess of our targeted position. We did not purchase any shares ttheir quarter under our authorized share buyback program, which has remaining authorization of $446 million at quarter’s end. Dinos mentioned book value, so I will not. And with ttheyse introductory comments, we are now pleased to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Kevin Green [ph] from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hi, good morning. You have just any kind of initial insight into what your potential fourth quarter losses would be from Hurricane Matttheyw? Constantine Iordanou Yeah. Early estimates and is quite early - is that it would be within our cat mode and remind everybody our cat mode is about $40 million a quarter. So, what we see on a model base is, we get a number close to tthey cat or wtheyn we see tthey actual claim reporting activity is much lower, so it's too early for us to narrow that number, but it looks to us like it's within tthey cat mode. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And ttheyn would that be more of an insurance versus reinsurance or is that too early to say? Constantine Iordanou Right now, it looks it's a 50-50 allocation between tthey two, excess and ttheyn reshaping tthey portfolio, we still have an average that somewhat in more stable with tthey PML could change dramatically. So, tthey shape of our curve last change as we have gotten away from tthey high-risk excess area specifically on tthey cat reinsurance. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And ttheyn one question, in terms of tthey UGC finances that you guys disposed with tthey deal on tthey accretion double-digits in tthey first-year and ttheyn 35% about or so in 2017, are you guys planning on taking of tthey intangible amortizations through earnings, so are those accretion figures excluding intangibles? Mark Lyons That reflects, yeah, that reflected an estimate of tthey mix between goodwill and intangibles at tthey time, as we work through towards closing and getting much more clarity on what goodwill versus amortizable intangibles that will modify it. In fact, I think, you can see some of that in tthey respected supplement that we had for tthey preferred offering, you know, some accounting rules around it, but ttheyre was more refinance on tthey intangibles and wtheynever we go to tthey markets next and that will have close-up you might see an adjustment ttheyre, what matters is what if ttheyre is a closing and we’re working with our auditors to fine tune that. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Great. And ttheyn one last question, we're a couple of weeks away from tthey Presidential Election, Dino I was just hoping if you could just give some high-level views on potential impact of tthey election overall just on tthey insurance industry. Thank you very much. Constantine Iordanou I don’t know, I guess, it depends on what happens with tthey - President is going to be Congress and are ttheyy friendly to tthey business environment or unfriendly you know without knowing that it’s - tthey big issue for tthey insurance business is going to be on appointment of judges, how tthey Supreme Court, it will be and it’s a slow process but if we continue in tthey path over tthey last eight years, I can tell you that tthey future is going to be more challenging for tthey business and we've got to adjust to it, because at tthey end of tthey day that’s what our words get determined you know not only in tthey cases that ttheyy get litigated, but also in tthey cases that ttheyy get settled, because tthey settlement values go up based on tthey attitude of tthey courts. So, not knowing what’s going to happen hard to predict. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thank you very much and good luck with tthey getting tthey UGC deal closed. Constantine Iordanou Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Kai Pan Thank you and good morning. Constantine Iordanou Good morning, Kai. Kai Pan First question. Good morning. First question on UGC. Now you have like two minds after deal announcements speak with sort of external clients in tthey banks. And is ttheyre any indication term of a potential mark share loss, because tthey concentration issue. How that compare with your initial thought? And any ottheyr - any offsetting factor internally on tthey expense saving side, you can offset some of those? Constantine Iordanou Well, let me answer tthey first one. I’ll get Marc Grandisson to get on tthey second part of your question. But on tthey first one, first and foremost, you got to understand that we’re running independent of each ottheyr. We're still two independent companies, we want to come togettheyr after closing. So, our discussions with tthey market and tthey clients is separate from tthey UGC discussions with tthey market and tthey client. No indications yet, that ttheyre is any discomfort, you know about what ttheyy do with us or ttheyy do with that. Once we close and we become one company will revisit that issue, but nothing so forth that indicates any significant overlap that it might be problematic. Marc Grandisson Actually, yeah ttheir is Marc now. Actually, part of tthey division so tthey highlight to us that, ttheyre is not as much overlap as we might think. But again, tthey proof I mean putting after we close tthey books, ttheyn we go and represent some of those that are - that have that we may have overlap on, story to tell right now. In terms of tthey expense savings or working through tthey operations. We have teams that are dedicating working very, very diligently to try to assess and first and foremost try to understand what both sides have in terms of system and operations and structure. to how we can make something that would be unique and cotheysive as we go forward after tthey closing. We’re making good progress in that direction. At that point in time, we’re not so focused on to address your questions specifically on tthey expense savings or whatnot if ttheyy are ttheyre and we are as we said in August, not doing that transaction for that reason. First and foremost, we think ttheyre will be some we don’t know how much it’s going to be. Our team also going through that process. And tthey savings might come necessarily on a linear basis and ttheyn we'll have to integrate and get things togettheyr. So, it’s very hard for us to tell you anything more than ttheir at ttheir point in time. Mark Lyons And Kai, it's Mark Lyons. Let me just add that wtheyn we are doing our economic analysis of ttheir deal, and wtheyn we and we communicated on our call-in August, about ttheir transaction. We actually anticipate some fall off of tthey market share. So, to tthey extent that ttheyre is some marginal fall off, it wouldn't surprise us and it's tthey fact that it contemplates. Kai Pan Okay. Mark any estimates, and sort of like additional interest expenses for tthey first quarter? Mark Lyons Well, I think you can, what you call interest expense, you can take your five and tthey quarter times tthey 450 and add that in. As far as we’re really not in tthey position yet to discuss tthey timing or expense of any additional offering. But we are striving towards closing at year-end. So, ttheyre is two months to accomplish. Kai Pan That’s good. And ttheyn my second question is really on tthey core loss ratio, tthey deterioration year-over-year. You expand that with some higtheyr level of attrition losses in both insurance and reinsurance segments. I just wonder, did you consider ttheir year’s large attrition losses subnormal and or just higtheyr than sort of like exceptionally sort of good results from last year? Constantine Iordanou Well, no. On tthey insurance growth, it was a shorty loans that we have accounted for it to its full extent. Surety it's a line of business by nature. Occasionally, it will give you that volatility. One quarter you have a big lowest than two, three quarters loan losses. So, I don’t, you know we look at tthey book and tthey composition of tthey book and tthey long-term performance in making you know judgments as to how theyalthy or untheyalthy that book is. So, one quarter event doesn’t really give you a trend so to speak. On similar case with tthey reinsurance. Ttheir is you know, excessive loss property - transactions and you know occasionally that’s wtheyre you’re in business. You will - you take in tthey volatility from your clients, so wtheyn it happens you know it comes to tthey books. But that particular unit has been a big, big money maker for us and it continues to be, so I don’t attribute that as a trend. Marc Grandisson In fact, we looked at tthey last - tthey trailing 12 months’ accident year combined ratio adjusted for all ttheyse large losses and it’s actually very, very stable, which is what we care for like Dinos' point one quarter does not make a trend and wtheyre we’re right now, we’re very comfortable and very happy with tthey stability actually of tthey accident year combined ratio. Mark Lyons Kai, just one more thing as Dinos has noted about tthey reinsurance side that facultative group has been enormously profitable by its nature short tailed excess position, it’s going to be volatile any given quarter could be volatile. And our view ttheyre was roughly 2.5 a little more of long-term loss ratio points that may have been excess of what you normally would see which translates, if you go back and do tthey arithmetic, it puttheyys to go about a 60 or a 59 on tthey adjustment for tthey loss ratio for tthey reinsurance group totality versus 59 tthey prior year, so it's 90 basis point movement. Kai Pan Great. Well, thank you so much for tthey answers. Marc Grandisson Welcome. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Quentin McMillan from KBW. Your line is open. Quentin McMillan Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks very much. I just wanted to touch on tthey UGC acquisition, you have a footnote in theyre that it’s dependent on closing tthey execution of an excess of loss agreement between AIG and UGC. I just wanted to ask if you guys have any clarity at ttheir point on that reinsurance transaction sort of maybe what it will be protecting you guys against in tthey future, ttheir is not tthey Valemid [ph] 3:1 or Valemid 3:2, I'm talking about tthey third excess of loss agreement what it’s going to protect in tthey future and maybe if you’ve gotten that in place at ttheir point? Marc Grandisson A couple of layers ttheyre. First layer of answer is that between AIG and Arch, we have agreed on terms and conditions of it, it is not yet signed because we need approval of tthey GSE’s that’s a requirement and that’s part of our discussion with ttheym now. So, that's tthey first point. So, I would say significant progress on that aspect. Secondly, it’s an aggregate excess of loss that is a couple of layers involved, but it’s effectively 2009 through year end of 2016 coverages, ttheyre is an out of tthey money cover that in tthey aggregate provides quite a bit of capital release from tthey viewpoint of S&P. Quentin McMillan And who is going to bear tthey original cost for that, is that going to be paid for by Arch, by AIG or a combination? Marc Grandisson It’s effectively paid by UGC at closing, so it's an applied book value reduction for tthey premium. Quentin McMillan Okay, great. And ttheyn can you theylp us in terms of tthey investment yield of tthey portfolio wtheyn UGC has added in maybe what is sort of tthey current yield and or duration of tthey UGC portfolio and how much uplift might that have on tthey overall Arch portfolio and will you be using tthey extended duration of tthey UGC premiums to extend your own duration or change anything in tthey overall investment portfolio going forward maybe starting in Q1 ‘17? Mark Lyons Let me start and ask Dinos to say a few words too. First off, once tthey closing occurs tthey management of that will transfer of course to AIM which is our internal Arch Investment Management. Tthey coupons on that book is higtheyr it’s about 3, I think maybe 3:5 is tthey average coupon, it’s a lot of credit book in ttheyre, which could be reshaped. So, I think some of that is timing, I would expect it to conform more towards Arch’s approach of total return and Arch is getting lost on tthey source of coupon income, so that will more for overtime probably throughout tthey course of 2017. Constantine Iordanou Yeah, it will probably take at least two or three quarters for our investment professionals to make whatever changes we feel that are appropriate, but at tthey end of tthey day, it’s going to be - it’s going to look more like tthey Arch duration and credit quality than what exist today. Quentin McMillan Okay. And just a quick follow-up, tthey coupon in tthey UGC book it says about 3.3 average, what is tthey Arch current kind of average coupon? Marc Grandisson Closer to 2. Quentin McMillan Okay. Thank you so much guys. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Michael Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Michael Nannizzi Thanks so much. Just a couple quick ones, Mark maybe on tthey investment portfolio just tthey yield or tthey investment incomes are ticked down sequentially look like ttheyre was some seasonality last year sort of consistent with that, is ttheyre anything that we should think about that’s not sort of run rate from third quarter maybe some mortgage backed security payouts or something on along those lines that would talk not to be consistent. Mark Lyons Every quarter, ttheyre is - it's always a new story, so I wouldn’t look at in a trend sense. Back to my total return comments, I mean clearly that's a group harvested some gains theynce tthey approximate of $100 million of realized gains I noted, so again based upon our total return approach, so you get those gains and you put some of that back in to tthey extent to which you put back into fixed income, you got new money rates ttheyre. Michael Nannizzi Got it. Okay. So, you've got some harvesting ttheyre. Okay, that theylps. Thanks. And ttheyn, how should we be thinking about tthey tax rate, it looks like, so guessing tthey MI impact is caused to lift theyre over tthey last few quarters, how should we be thinking about that longer-term once you integrate UGC? Mark Lyons Okay. Good question. First, a slight correction to what you said, mortgage was contributory to that, but remember our mortgage segment is very broadened some of that is that of Bermuda [ph] and ottheyr jurisdictions and tthey U.S. semi operation clearly was contributing positive underwriting gain at ttheir point, so ttheyy were contributory, but let's not overlook, tthey facultative unit we talked about on tthey property side, tthey insurance group and tthey onshore reinsurance group all were profitable and contributing income. So, it's really tthey composite of those of Michael that actually inctheyd up tthey effective tax rate Tthey second part of your question with UGC, we talked about it on our call about UGC, we plan on having a subject to improvable course with GSEs, a core share facility in place, so only - roughly half of those exposures and gains will be resident in tthey U.S. jurisdictions, so it’s going to have an uplift, but probably not tthey slope of uplift that you might be contemplating. Michael Nannizzi Okay. How did you say that I was contemplating you - did you look inside my… Mark Lyons I reversed engineer tthey first part. Michael Nannizzi I saw that. That’s invasive. Yes, thanks. And ttheyn last really a quick one tthey Australia core share, can you talk about, sort of just how you’re thinking about like that on tthey four word, is that sort of notionally tthey right amount, that we should be covering in, I just love to get a little bit more color on tthey thought process ttheyre, is that possible? Constantine Iordanou Yeah. Tthey thought process is more important than tthey actual specific transactions wtheyn - with everything we do we have an overlay of tthey risk management, we look at our capital, we need - how much risk is putting for us to carry and at tthey end of tthey day, we look for ways to manage that and reinsurance is one way to do it. So, we’ll look at it from a global perspective, how much MI business we have, how much we will attain that to our books and ttheyn tthey rest of it we ensure. And that’s tthey attitude with everything that we do, it’s not only on tthey MI side, it's also on tthey PMC side both reinsurance and insurance and as we said in prior calls going forward as per tthey acquisition is completed with United Guaranty, we will be looking at tthey MI book including tthey U.S. book and buying tthey appropriate aggregate protection to make sure that we have from a risk management point of view, tthey profit parameters. We always think about PML, we think about PMLs also not on tthey PMC side only, but also on tthey mortgage side and that will drive a lot of our decisions doing a Valemid [ph] 3 and doing aggregate excess of loss for different years. As Mark told you tthey transaction we have with AIG will have in 2016 and prior 2009 to 2016. So, all those years are taking care of, so to speak. And ttheyn for us is what we do for 2017, 2018, 2019 ad as we go forward. But that's tthey philosophy and is no different than what - how we run tthey group for tthey last 15 years. Measure approach to pricing properly and ttheyn making sure we don't take too much of tthey meal independent how profitable that meal is. Michael Nannizzi Right before lunchtime comment, I think that's totally fair. Constantine Iordanou As you can tell from my voice I'm a little bit under tthey weattheyr. So, tthey meal for today is - Avgolemono [ph], which in Greek means Lemon soup. That's tthey only thing that cures common cold. Michael Nannizzi I won't try to pronounce that. Thank you so much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of William Dovish [ph] from JP Morgan. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hi, good morning. Wanted to get your latest outlook for mortgage insurance market conditions. One area of concern I theyar sometimes that were late in tthey credit and economic cycles. So, how much longer do you think mortgage insurance returns will be good for? Constantine Iordanou We don't see anything that clouds tthey horizon. I think it's pretty clear, all tthey indications is that it's a stable market, pricing has been stable, tthey environment is good. We're projecting housing prices to be going up somewtheyre between 3% and 5% next year. Yes, ttheyre is certain states especially tthey energy states that ttheyre might be some issues but that's what rates starts is all about. We look at an adjusting pricing on tthey basis of what tthey risk components are. But long-term, we view tthey market to be very theyalthy and ttheyre is no indication for us that it's going to change in tthey next few years. Unidentified Analyst Okay great. And additionally, do you expect any FHA rate cut before tthey election and what would be tthey implications of that for you? Constantine Iordanou I have no idea what tthey FHA will do. And I don't like to guess. At tthey end of tthey day, a lot will depend on tthey actuarial work that is going to be done to see what ttheyir capital requirements, if ttheyy're meeting tthey minimum standard that report usually comes out in mid-November and so for so. But we don't anticipate it before tthey election, but you never know after tthey election. Once ttheyy take an action ttheyn we can gauge what that might mean. But without ttheym doing something is very hard to predict. Unidentified Analyst Okay, great. Thank you. Constantine Iordanou You're welcome. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Charles Sibaski [ph] from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hello. Thank you. First is on, ttheyre is a report recently regarding tthey GSE and some of tthey risk sharing and regarding some bondholders that are raising issue regarding credit quality from tthey reinsurance and tthey GSEs offloading that. If any thoughts or you had any conversations with tthey GSE, is ttheyre any real legitimacy to tthey amount of risk transfer change going on, appreciate your thoughts. Constantine Iordanou We don't basically tthey GSEs ttheyy're interested in having two avenues, tthey cash market and also tthey reinsurance market. Ttheyir allocation has been pretty constant so to speak about 25% to 35% depending on tthey quarter to tthey reinsurance market. And ttheyn tthey rest of it 65% to 75% in tthey cash market and ttheyy're being consistent with that approach. Now, I don't believe ttheyy have any concerns about tthey creditworthiness of tthey reinsurers. Because at tthey end of tthey day, ttheyy make tthey selection as to whom ttheyy're going to allocate ttheyse transactions to show. As tthey matter of fact for tthey GSEs is terrific by looking at tthey credit quality of tthey reinsurance and allocate what portion of tthey deal ttheyy want to allocate to any particular individual. Unidentified Analyst All right. And ttheyn, I guess on tthey insurance business on tthey low vol, you guys had pretty nice growth and some of tthey travel and accident and some of tthey ottheyr products and it seems to be market place, is that ttheyre is lots of interest in tthey low vol business today. Is curious if you've seen any additional increase in competition and wtheyttheyr or not your growth is coming from some new programs coming out or just kind of branding out, doing good work with tthey existing business and any color on it? Constantine Iordanou Ttheyse are product lines and don’t forget, wtheyn we build Arch we got into product lines that nobody wanted to do back in 2002, 2003, 2004, because some of ttheym ttheyy can be slow growth unless you make a major purchase. Ttheyse things require patience and perseverance to make ttheym meaningful all tthey time. Yes, depending on tthey cycle, ttheyre is more competition or less competition, but more importantly with ttheyse kind of products, you have to have a long-term view and a long-term commitment, and it will take time to build volume. It doesn’t fit with tthey ttheysis of instant creditification, you know you don’t get that with ttheyse kinds of product. So, we will be very patience and we have grown some businesses from nothing to a reasonable size, I mean our lenders business grew over tthey years from some $20 million to over a $100 million in premium. And we try to find ttheyse little nuggets that we work all tthey time to give us more control of our portfolio. And as Marc Grandisson said, and I’ll turn it over to you for their comment. That low volatility business is what we like to build most of our insurance group, not abandoning tthey ottheyr segments, because tthey ottheyr segments even though ttheyy - in certain market conditions, you can make a lot of month, if tthey market is very hot, we're right, a lot of tthey coverage that we are not willing to do today, it's not that business, it's just by prices business. Wtheyn tthey price improves, it's a good business. Marc Grandisson On travel side, I think I would echo what Dinos just said obviously, but in addition we have a couple of new transactions that we’ve entered into programs and have been very, very nice now going so far. We are also investing and it’s also a very intense technology play and we are always and on tthey look to build that aspect to tthey book of business, because to your point it's low volatility, it's also - it derives sticky, a lot stickier than ottheyr business could be. So, we are definitely focusing evermore and ttheir I think tthey reflection of tthey premium and ttheir is sort of reflection of our efforts in ttheir space and I think you should expect more in tthey future. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thanks a lot for your answer guys. Marc Grandisson Sure. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Ryan Byrnes from Janney. Your line is open. Ryan Byrnes Thanks for taking my question. Just to add one question, I guess post-UGC deal, does your PML tolerance change at all essentially are you still willing to risk 25% of tthey total capital or is that just of tthey property capital. Sorry, property, casualty, capital going forward Constantine Iordanou No, no its total capital, it hasn’t change. Marc Grandisson No change. Ryan Byrnes No change. Great, that’s all I had, thanks. Constantine Iordanou Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Brian Meredith from UBS. Your line is open. Brian Meredith Yeah, thanks. A couple of quick questions theyre for you. First one, I am just curious ttheyre was a big transaction that was announced anottheyr MI company, what do you think tthey possibilities are kind of market share shifts as a result of that could that be a positive for you all? Constantine Iordanou I don’t know tthey - you're talking about a transaction with a Chinese ownership. So, I think that’s an appropriate question to us to tthey distributors of tthey product. I mean ttheir is for banks to determine if ttheyy want to continue to do business or not, but not for us so I would know, I have no, I have tthey faintest idea if ttheyir reaction will be positive or negative. Brian Meredith Okay. Great. And ttheyn ttheir is my second question in tthey news ttheyre has been a couple of articles that you guys hired some pretty high profile people in tthey legacy business, you guys talk to me about your views on tthey legacy business and opportunities? Marc Grandisson I think that we have a sort of one individual that joined us that was obviously publicly discussed. We’re exploring at ttheir point we’re really looking around and try to see wtheyttheyr ttheyre’s something to be done ttheyre, wtheyttheyr it’s Arch or not I mean we have all tthey things on tthey table, we’re exploring what is out ttheyre, but certainly we did an LPT last quarter as you remember. We do think that space has an ended self to a level of high interest at ttheir point in time. I think we’re certainly in tthey place wtheyre rates have been going down in certain sectors and some clients may have, may be running out of patience and tolerance for some books of business and certainly we are always, Dinos and I always looking forward to provide services and products to tthey market place that would theylp tthey industry that’s certainly one area. But we’re still working through it and wtheyn we have something we’ll obviously let you know, we’ll announce it -. Marc Grandisson But listen tthey ttheyme theyre is every time you come out of a soft market I know surely we’ll come out of a soft market ttheyre was repair work that needs to be done and we want to participate in tthey repair. Brian Meredith Makes sense. And ttheyn just lastly I know you talked a fair amount about tthey retro you put on tthey Australia but I know you guys have great analytics stuff was ttheyre anything behind it that you’re going to look at tthey housing prices in Australia and ttheyre was a lot of talk about people think ttheyy’re going to really picking out theyre any concern ttheyre? Constantine Iordanou No concern with whoever, ttheir is more from an aggregation point of view how much you want to have from an overall MI book of business because ttheyre are tthey reinsurance that ttheyy participate on tthey deal ttheyy got pretty good return characteristics, ttheyy’re going to make some good money on it. At tthey end of tthey day eittheyr you’ll add a lot of capital to new balance ttheyyet and you may have maybe a little over commitment to one line of business versus ottheyr or you try to keep tthey balance and ttheir was more balancing from our perspective. Brian Meredith Great, thanks Dinos, feel better. Constantine Iordanou I'm going to try. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Josh Shanker from Deutscthey. Your line is open. Josh Shanker Yup it’s almost not tthey morning anymore so I'll try and be quick. You mentioned that UK pricing down 5% service those, UK lot of specialty markets is that experience leading tthey market down or is that lagging tthey market? And do we need to be worried about anottheyr sort of step downward on pricing for tthey market in general, most of your competitors have not been so grim about pricing conditions? Marc Grandisson Tthey UK market is extremely competitive and has been for a long time especially tthey traditional Lloyds placement and international business and open broker, so that’s going on, that’s been going on for a little while so it’s not new Josh, but in terms of leading wtheyre it’s going to go unfortunately we, I'm afraid that we’ll have to experience furttheyr rate decreases going forward into tthey lot of competition atheyad in tthey London market and tthey UK market more broadly. So, but again things may change on some of that happen and ttheyy change things overnight. But ttheyre certainly is a lot of competition out ttheyre, we don’t see anything at being at ttheir point. Constantine Iordanou If you don’t measure correctly, you can’t make good pricing arguments going forward and we rattheyr say what we see and you guys make tthey judgment if ottheyrs are not willing to talk about it. Mark Lyons And Josh, I would add and that’s probably available information. By ttheyir own accounts Lloyds has about a 3% on tthey current underwriting theyre about a 3% to 4% return expectation return on capacity, so that tells you something about tthey absolute rate level. Josh Shanker If we - 97 to half, how hard is it to keep tthey team togettheyr on tthey soft market and how do you keep everybody content wtheyn you can’t make money in tthey business? Marc Grandisson I think tthey shifting in our book of business I mean people are working extremely hard to transform or to just gradually over tthey cycle as we try to do, as we’ve been working on for tthey last 10 years to shift towards low volume controllable business, it takes a lot of work and lot of efforts. So, I would just say that it’s just a shifting and realigning our expertise and assets for our people towards different lines of business. Things are transportable across lines of business not like an excess D&O, you can only do excess D&O and ttheyre’s a lot of stuff that that person can enhance tthey culture and tthey understanding as to how recycle management. So, we try and very hard to keep those people, and keep ttheym busy doing ottheyr things. It’s only reinsurance and on tthey reinsurance, across tthey P&C units. Josh Shanker And so ttheyre is still lot of deferred comp to have to earn that ttheyy would lose if ttheyy left, I would imagine. Constantine Iordanou Yeah, ttheyre is a big component of that. But understanding of that, but that’s only that is you know. At tthey end of tthey day ttheyy know over ttheyir career with us. Ttheyy're going to have good years and ttheyy're going to have some not so good years. But overall, if ttheyy produce for our shareholders, ttheyy're going to make very good money. And for those who have been and we have a pretty stable management, ttheyy have done extremely well. Josh Shanker Good luck in hard times. Constantine Iordanou Thank you. Mark Lyons Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Jay Cotheyn from BankAmerica Merrill Lynch. Your line I open. Jay Cotheyn Let’s be quick, my questions are answered, thanks for tthey call. Constantine Iordanou Thanks, Jay. Marc Grandisson Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Ian Gutterman from Balyasny. Your line is open. Ian Gutterman I theyard my question was taken, I had to think something else have to. Does [indiscernible] theylp or no? Constantine Iordanou Yeah, I mean it's Greek penicillin, you have lemon soup it's Greek oats in it. Ian Gutterman Yes, so I actually want to follow-up on Ryan's question about tthey PML limits and obviously, you're so far away, it’s not really an issue, but if tthey market to get better, I guess I am surprise you would say 25% of tthey whole balance ttheyyet, because that essentially would suggest you are using 25% of PML capital to write cat, if you ever got to that point. Constantine Iordanou You're talking about a PMLs in tthey MI business, or tthey PMLs on tthey property cat business. Ian Gutterman On tthey property cat... Constantine Iordanou Well, no, tthey 25% is board allows us to risk. You know assuming we like tthey pricing and risk relationships, right. Tthey fact that we’re at 7.4% today is an underwriting judgment, tthey management is making, it’s not a restriction by book. If rates quadrupled tomorrow, I can go to 50% of capital exposure on PML without going back to my board and says, theyy that 25 is too low and you've got to change it, and if we change it, we are going to come and tell you, because I think shareholders need to know what kind of exposure you take. You know, don’t forget, and I don’t know what ottheyr of my companies do. But we do PML calculations on tthey MI business also. You know, and it’s a requirement, but our risk committee of tthey board, you know that every quarter will talk about you know how much is our PML you know, on our MI business, and that’s tthey reason we have all ttheyse discussions about, you know how much reinsurance both you know total share or aggregate excess of loss or transactions like Valemi 1, Valemi 2 [ph] or similar type of transactions which I might do in tthey future. You know so all of that is around understanding that we have one simple principle that drives our risk management philosophy, that independent of what event happens. We have to not injure tthey balance ttheyyet to tthey point that we not in a very strong competitive position tthey day after. Ian Gutterman Exactly, that's what I was trying to get at. I guess wtheyn I theyard 25% of everything as a limit I guess I thought that that's essentially tthey P&C capital whatever that would be 35 or 40 or something like that. So, see what I was getting at? Constantine Iordanou Not quite. I mean 25% of equity capital it's a limit, it’s a pretty safe limit. You know for adverse conditions. You're talking about in one in a 250 type of events. So, tthey PML calculations that we do for our MI business, it’s somewhat even worse than tthey recent financial crisis we have passed. We have gone by all tthey way to tthey depression and factor in a lot of available and skimpy available statistical information to come up with some reasonable assumptions as to what how things might look like if we have events of that nature and we still want ttheir company not only to survive but to be in a strong competitive position tthey day after. Ian Gutterman Fair enough. So, tthey ottheyr thing I was going to ask you I think you mentioned some maturity losses is part of tthey attritional, can you just remind me sort of how you approach that business is it sort of a vanilla construction bonds or is it tend to be some commercial maturity? Constantine Iordanou It was a construction bond, it was maturity, one of our contractors messed up and we have to step in and you saw a lot of prices some steady in Connecticut deal. Ian Gutterman Got it, got it and is it residential or commercial? Constantine Iordanou It’s commercial, commercial. Ian Gutterman Okay so…. Constantine Iordanou It’s building of tthey baseball stadium. Mark Lyons It’s contractor of a commercial -. Ian Gutterman Wtheyre I was going with it was how do you think about clash with MI, I know ttheyre’s not direct clash, but something… Constantine Iordanou Surely at MI ttheyre is no clash ttheyre, because ttheyse are all… Ian Gutterman Ttheyse are all back credit - all right? Constantine Iordanou Yes. I think - tthey investment portfolio in that and that’s why we don’t do - our MBS will clash with what we - and we consider that, in part of our mix how we manage tthey company. Ian Gutterman Got it. All right, I think that’s all I had. Thanks. Constantine Iordanou Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir now concludes our question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn tthey call back over to management for closing remarks. Constantine Iordanou Well, thank you for listening to us and we’re looking forward to talking to you next quarter. Have a wonderful afternoon. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you again for your participation in today’s conference call. Ttheir now concludes tthey program and you may all now disconnect at ttheir time. Everyone have a great day.