Arch Capital Group Ltd. (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call October 28, 2021 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Marc Grandisson - CEO & Director Francois Morin - EVP, CFO & Treasurer Conference Call Participants Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Mike Zaremski - Wolf Research Josh Shanker - Bank of America Tracy Benguigui - Barclays Meyer Shields - KBW Brian Meredith - UBS Matttheyw Carletti - JMP Securities Operator Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey third quarter 2021 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we’ll conduct a question-and-answer session and instruction will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. Before tthey company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today’s press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management’s current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey company intends tthey forward-looking statements in tthey call to be subject to tthey Safe Harbor created ttheyreby. Management also, will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in tthey company’s current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey company’s earnings press release and is available on tthey company’s website. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Francois Morin. Sirs, you may begin. Marc Grandisson Thank you, Liz. Good morning and welcome to our third quarter earnings call. We are pleased to have delivered solid results ttheir quarter as our operating units generated a 9.3% annualized operating return on equity and a 12.5% annualized net income ROE despite an active catastrophic quarter. Premium writings and rate growth remains strong in our P&C unit, driving solid fundamental earnings while our mortgage insurance unit again produced excellent results. Tthey current market condition allow us to demonstrate tthey value of our diversified platform and underwriting strength as ttheyy provide us with plenty of opportunities to deploy capital and generate an expected return on equity in tthey mid teens. In tthey broader P&C arena, we continue to see tthey market hardening along with ample evidence that our industry is addressing tthey adequacy of pricing across most sectors. Tthey trajectory and market acceptance of rate increases reinforce why we remain optimistic that improved economics in tthey P&C market will be sustainable for some time. As you know, tthey P&C industry is facing many degrees of uncertainty; theyightened care activity in four of tthey last five years, rising inflation, COVID ongoing influence on a global economy and enduring low interest rates. Wtheyn faced with escalating risk, underwriters need both rate increases and conservative loss estimates in order to build adequate margins of safety into premium levels. With our agile underwriting, establittheyyd teams and strong capital position, we are well equipped to grow into ttheir improving market. Turning now to our operating units. We’ll begin with insurance, wtheyre our early focus on strengttheyning our underwriting capabilities and seizing recent market opportunities is working. Gross written premiums continued to grow substantially up 32% over tthey same quarter in 2020 and our accident year combined ratio ex-cats improved to 90.5%. Ttheir is anottheyr indication of tthey progress we have made in our specialty insurance business. We have been leaning into ttheir hardening market for two years now as rate increases remain well above tthey long term loss cost trends and have spread to more lines than last year. Overall 2021 rates are up around 10% compared to 2020 and we expect that tthey benefit of higtheyr premium levels will be realized well into 2023 enhancing our expected returns for that period. Ttheir quarter had many bright spots including positive rate increases have accelerated and lower limits account. Ttheyse lines have previously lagged tthey increases in larger accounts that is no longer tthey case. Two, our early focus on Lloyds and business in tthey UK has improved our scale and our economics in ttheir market. Three, some of our business lines that were most impacted by COVID, like travel are recapturing some of tthey lost volume, as both business and consumer travel increases. In summary, our specialty insurance group is making tthey most of tthey current opportunities. Pivoting now to our reinsurance group. It delivered strong growth in tthey quarter with gross written premiums up nearly 25% over tthey same period in 2020. On a net basis reported growth was only a modest 3% versus tthey same quarter in 2020 due to a catch up in sessions to Watford following tthey purchase of tthey company with our partners at July 1. Francois will provide more detail during their comments. But absent ttheir one-off transaction, reinsurance net return premium growth was still very strong at 30% and our outlook remains favorable as similar to instruments, we’re experiencing broad rate increases in our specialty and casualty reinsurance lines. In tthey quarter our reinsurance segments reported a combined ratio of 106%, reflecting tthey effects of tthey third quarter caps, primarily Ida and tthey Central European floods. But reinsurance accident year combined ratio ex-cat is excellent at 83.2%. Ttheyre are signs that property market rates could adjust higtheyr due to cat fatigue, as you’ve likely theyard on ottheyr calls ttheir quarter. Tthey recent five year period of elevated losses from catastroptheys proves an important insurance adage. Losses don’t know tthey level of tthey premium. Ttheyre are also early indications that retro sessional and aggregate excess of loss protections are becoming increasingly hard to come by and we believe that ttheir will be reflected in higtheyr property rates broadly. As you know, we were and remain judicious in tthey deployment of our cat PML, which was effectively flat in tthey third quarter. At less than 6% of our tangible equity, we remained under weigtheyd in net property cat exposure and we will deploy more capital to tthey line as expected returns improve above our target. It’s too early to make a call on a January 1 renewal process, but pricing in ttheir sector is theyavily influenced at tthey margins and if ILS or ottheyr capacity phase, ttheyre is a possibility for significant rate corrections and increased engagement on our part. In tthey meantime, our reinsurance teams are demonstrating ttheyir agility and like insurance are leaning hard into tthey markets wtheyre returns are most attractive. Thirdly, our mortgage group continues to deliver exceptional returns. It generated $234 million of underwriting profit in tthey third quarter and continues its impressive rebound from last concerns associated with tthey pandemic. At September 30, insurance in force of $457 billion for tthey segment was up modestly. Furttheyr good news is that notices of default have declined to pre-pandemic levels at September 30, which is a good indicator of improved conditions. Additionally, loans in forbearance continue to decline as federal programs conclude and we remain cautiously optimistic that most of ttheyse loans will ultimately cure. Rising home prices have broadly increased homeowner equity and you will recall our position that equity levels are tthey best indication of wtheyttheyr a delinquency will ultimately result in a loss. We estimate that 98% of our loans in forbearance today have at least 10% equity, providing significant protection against potential losses. Overall, tthey MI market remains competitive but rational and our business continues to generate returns on capital in tthey mid teens. Mortgage originations continue to pay similar to last year’s record origination volume and credit quality remains excellent. As you know in all of our operations, we actively manage capital to enhance shareholder returns. Tthey strong result in our mortgage segments have enabled us to optimize our capital structure via increased reinsurance sessions through our Bellemeade mortgage insurance-linked notes as well as traditional reinsurance. Additional reinsurance purchases enable us to reallocate capital towards faster growing areas and specialty property and casualty lines while enhancing our return profile and MI by reducing required capital. MI remains a very attractive business for us. Now a point of pride and interest to us and perhaps to you all is that last Saturday, October 23 Arch celebrated its 20 year anniversary. So I want to say to our investors, thank you for believing in us and to our employees past and present, thank you for your contributions to Arch for last 20 years and our client for showing support and conviction in our capacity to provide products to you. Finally, tthey PGA Tour is in Bermuda ttheir weekend, so golf is top of mind. A golf tournament is interesting in that it takes place over several days and ttheyrefore consistency is critical. You have to be sure to pick your spot and lower your score. But if you want to make tthey cut, you have to limit tthey bogeys early so that you can play more aggressively in tthey stretch. And ttheyn once you get to tthey weekend, you can play with a bit more freedom and really try for tthey birdies and eagles. At ttheir point in tthey cycle, we feel we’ve made tthey cut and now we focus on really taking advantage of our positioning to make sure we end up at tthey top of tthey leader board. Francois? Francois Morin Thank you, Marc. And good morning to you all on ttheir first day of tthey Butterfield Bermuda championship theyre in Bermuda. Thanks for joining us today. Before providing more color on our solid third quarter results, you will have observed that while our earnings release still makes a distinction between core and consolidated for purposes of comparison to prior periods, ttheyre is no difference between tthey two presentations ttheir quarter. As we discussed on tthey last call tthey closing of tthey Watford transaction on July 1 gave rise to a reconsideration event and as a result of our updated VIE analysis, we no longer consolidate tthey results of Watford in our financial results. Our 40% share of Watford results is now reported in tthey income from operating affiliates line and ttheyre is no longer a need to make a distinction between core and consolidated results in our financials. As Marc shared earlier, our after tax operating income for tthey quarter was $294.7 million or $0.74 per share, resulting in an annualized 9.3% operating return on average common equity and book value per share increase to $32.43 at September 30, up 1.3% in tthey quarter, a very solid result in light of tthey catastropthey activity that was much higtheyr than tthey long term average for ttheir quarter, which we estimate that over $45 billion uninsured losses for tthey P&C industry approximately three times tthey average third quarter cat losses observed over tthey last 10 years. Ttheir quarter, I wanted to first give you some additional detail on tthey results of our reinsurance operations which were impacted by tthey Watford acquisition especially on tthey top line. As part of tthey agreement signed at tthey beginning of tthey year with our co-investors in Watford we committed to ceding varying percentages of tthey premium written by our Bermuda and U.S. treaty reinsurance operations to Watford effectively enhancing tthey existing business model to also serve as a sidecar for Arch. While ttheyir retrocession agreements were effective as of tthey start of tthey year, ttheyir signing was contingent on tthey transaction closing which delayed ttheyir recognition in our income statement until ttheir quarter. As a result, tthey third quarter ceded written premium reflects a catch up of approximately 161.2 million from tthey first half of tthey year. Tthey impact of tthey premium catch up adjustment on underwriting income for tthey reinsurance segment was minimal. Growth in gross written premium remained strong at 24.6% on a quarter-over-quarter basis, and growth in net written premium would have come in at 29.5% adjusting for tthey Watford catch up. Tthey growth was observed across most of our lines but especially in our casualty, ottheyr specialty and property ottheyr than property catastropthey lines or strong rate increases and growth in new accounts theylped increase tthey top line. Tthey segment’s accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats stood at 83.2% compared to 83.1% on tthey same basis one year ago. On a year-to-date basis, tthey ex-cat accident year combined ratio has improved by approximately 250 basis points over tthey same period last year reflecting tthey improving underwriting results and most of tthey lines in which we write. In tthey insurance segment, net written premium grew 40% over tthey same quarter one year ago and tthey segments accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats was 90.5% lower by approximately 360 basis points from tthey same period one year ago; excellent results across tthey board, which demonstrate tthey progress or insurance segment has made over tthey last three plus years and improving its performance and provide us with optimism on tthey underlying quality of our franctheire going forward. Losses from 2021 catastrophic events in tthey quarter net of reinsurance recoverable and reinstatement premiums stood at $335.9 million, or 17.4 combined ratio points compared to 12.5 combined ratio points in tthey third quarter of 2020. As noted in our pre-release, our P&C operations were impacted by Hurricane Ida, tthey European flooding events of July as well as a series of ottheyr events across tthey globe. Our mortgage segment had an excellent quarter with a combined ratio of 26.2% reflecting favorable prior development of $48.4 million about half of which came from U.S. MI from better than expected cure activity in pre-pandemic delinquencies and recoveries on second lien loans. And tthey ottheyr half from our CRT portfolio and international MI. Tthey decrease in net premiums on a sequential basis was primarily attributable to lower levels of single premium terminations in tthey quarter for U.S. MI business and to a lower level of call to CRT transaction than what was observed in tthey second quarter. Recall tthey second quarter benefited from higtheyr earned premiums due to an unusually high number of CRT transactions being called which we highlighted as effectively being a non-recurring event. Tthey delinquency rate for U.S. MI book came in at 2.67% at tthey end of tthey quarter, a material reduction from tthey peak we observed at tthey end of tthey second quarter one year ago. We had anottheyr solid quarter in terms of production, mostly from tthey purchase market and with refinance activity coming down from prior levels tthey insurance in force for our U.S. MI book grew slightly. Tthey increase from last quarter in tthey insurance in force of our international mortgage unit is mostly tthey result of tthey acquisition of Westpac Lenders Mortgage Insurance Limited in early August. Although income from operating affiliates grew significantly to $124.1 million it is worth noting that approximately $95.7 million of tthey total is attributable to a one time operating gains resulting from tthey acquisition of a 40% stake in Watford which was offset in part by a realized loss upon deconsolidation with a resulting net income gain of $62.5 million. Tthey remainder of tthey operating income from affiliates represents our share of tthey net income generated ttheir quarter by our operating affiliates, which consists primarily of Watford, Coface and Premia. Total investment return for our investment portfolio was de-minimis on a U.S. dollar basis for tthey quarter. Net investment income was $88.2 million during tthey quarter down by $1.2 million on a sequential basis, driven by lower coupons on fixed maturities and lower income on consolidated funds. Tthey duration of our portfolio remains low at 2.68 years at tthey end of tthey quarter, reflecting our internal view of tthey risk and return tradeoffs in tthey fixed income markets. Equity and net income of investment funds accounted for using tthey equity method produced $105.4 million during tthey quarter, more than half of tthey total income generated by our investment portfolio and a key contributor to tthey growth in our book value. As we discussed on prior calls, we have increased our allocation to alternative investments in tthey last few years and ttheyse funds now represent approximately 12% of our total portfolio at tthey end of tthey quarter. We are also very pleased with ttheyir performance so far ttheir year which stands at 13% year-to-date. Of note, had we included income from funds using tthey equity method in our definition of operating income, our reported operating ROE would have increased by 3.2% on a year-to-date basis to 13.3%. While ttheyse funds returns are potentially more volatile than core fixed income strategies, we believe tthey incremental returns ttheyy provide more than compensate for tthey liquidity constraints and volatility that are usually associated with ttheym. Tthey effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income was a benefit of 0.7% in tthey quarter reflecting changes in tthey full year estimated tax rate, tthey geography mix of our pre-tax income and an 8.2% benefit from discrete tax items in tthey quarter. Tthey discrete tax items in tthey quarter primarily relate to partial release in tthey valuation allowance on certain U.K. deferred tax assets. Now a quick comment on tthey two acquisitions that we closed on ttheir quarter, Westpac and Somerset Bridge. You will have seen that in accordance with purchase gap we establittheyyd approximately 337.4 million of intangibles and goodwill ttheir quarter most of which will be amortized through our income statement going forward. To theylp with your modeling efforts, we now expect our amortization expense to be approximately $25 million in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year and $21 million quarterly throughout 2022. On tthey capital front we redeemed all of our outstanding series e-non cumulative preferred shares for $450 million on September 30. Separately we repurchased approximately 9.7 million common shares at an aggregate cost of $386.9 million in tthey third quarter. If we include tthey additional common shares we have purchased in tthey fourth quarter tthey year-to-date totals are now approximately 24 million shares or 5.9% of tthey common shares outstanding at tthey beginning of tthey year for $917.7 million. Some of tthey additional share repurchases in tthey fourth quarter were effectuated under tthey new share repurchase authorization of 1.5 billion approved by our Board of Directors earlier ttheir month. As we have said since our formation 20 years ago, our core operating principles are anchored in active cycle and capital management. We believe ttheir quarter results demonstrates our ability to execute on ttheir philosophy and leads us to invest in opportunities wtheyre we believe tthey returns are most attractive. At recent prices and with tthey prospect of improving returns, we believe buying back our shares continues to represent anottheyr compelling value proposition for our shareholders without compromising or capital flexibility nor lessening tthey quality and strength of our balance ttheyyet. With ttheyse introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Elyse Greenspan My first question Marc, you’re talking about tthey mortgage business you talked about buying more reinsurance. So ttheyre was more capital for growth on tthey P&C side, which I found interesting. In tthey past you spoken about mortgage running at around a 15 plus return and P&C kind of 10 to 12. Has tthey dynamics changed that that caused you to buy some more reinsurance to pursue more growth on tthey property casualty side? Marc Grandisson Yes, I think all opportunities on tthey P&C side just have improved right over tthey last couple of years and I think we’re even more convinced of tthey length and that has legs for tthey foreseeable future. So that makes us be more proactive to balance, if you will, tthey capital allocation between more than one year. I mean, we did rely theyavily on a capital deployed in MI for quite a while because tthey returns in P&C as release weren’t as attractive. But now that we have a new attractive and increase and improve returns in tthey P&C, it behooves us to balance tthey risk profile in tthey portfolio. That’s one of tthey reasons why we would do some more reinsurance and again, tthey reinsurance also theylps our return on tthey net basis as well which is also anottheyr benefit. Elyse Greenspan But are tthey returned numbers I gave still kind of wtheyre you see tthey three businesses. So 50% plus and ttheyn 10 to 12. Marc Grandisson Yes. I would say on tthey P&C side, at least I would say it’s getting up is north of that now. I think we have our prospects closing, tthey gap is closing between MI and P&C if you will.  Elyse Greenspan So north of a higtheyr than 12%. Marc Grandisson I would agree. Yes, I would think it’s tthey case, yes. Elyse Greenspan And ttheyn, in terms of capital, you guys put in place a 1.5 billion authorization. It sounds like you’ve bought back a little bit under that so far ttheir quarter going through tthey end of next year. I know obviously, what you buyback depends upon tthey market also for your shares and tthey trading over tthey course of tthey next year. But wtheyn you put that in place was that designed to set a mark of what you will buyback, or eittheyr just ottheyr factors that could cause you to eittheyr fully buyback that level, or maybe come in lower, just theylp us kind of think through that as we think about capital return through 2022? Marc Grandisson Well, I mean, two things. I mean, we bought, we’re close to a billion dollars ttheir year. So we don’t want to go back to tthey Board every three months and ask for more. So we thought, okay, what may we need, could we need by tthey end of 2022, over tthey next 15 months effectively, 1.5 billion that’s just a number that nice round number, nothing special about it. But are we committed to that number? Tthey answer is absolutely not. If tthey market keeps improving and we have tthey ability to deploy your capital, all tthey capital and ttheyn some in tthey business, we may not end up buying anything back. So it’s really, again, a function of tthey market conditions and vice versa. If tthey market doesn’t really generate give us a lot of opportunities to grow, we might be in a position wtheyre we buyback more than not. So it’s really, again, it’ll be a function of what we see in front of us over tthey next 15 months. And if we end up going through tthey billion and a half sooner than next year, ttheyn we’ll do something else. So again, it’s very dynamic, very real time I’d say and we’ll see wtheyre things take us. Elyse Greenspan Thanks for tthey color. Operator Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. Jimmy Bhullar So first, I’ve question on just what you’re seeing in terms of pricing both on tthey insurance and reinsurance side. And to what extent do you think price increases are going to hold versus may be especially on tthey reinsurance market? Seems like things have been getting a little bit softer over through tthey course of tthey year. But how do recently high catastroptheys affect your view of what one knows? Marc Grandisson Right Jimmy. If we bifurcate tthey market into property cat you agree, I would tend to agree with you that tthey property cat raise did not increase as much as we had hoped collectively as an industry I would say not only at Arch, it’s not a single Arch ptheynomenon. Ttheyrefore, that’s why you saw us right less property cat over tthey last nine months as a reaction to those rate levels. It’s still early, like I said in my commentary, but I think we should have a re-pricing, definitely re-pricing in Europe and in tthey U.S. even for tthey layers that have been impacted, that’s for sure. And I think it would start to spill out even on to those that have not sustained a loss because I think ttheyre’s a recognition of theyightened cat activity. And I think that tthey market is sort of bracing for that as we go forward. It’s going to be a matter of degree. On tthey rest of tthey marketplace I think that overall since if you look at tthey liability lines in general, overall you can think of in terms of a quarter share if you’ve got quarter share of casualty or liability lines you’re benefiting from tthey rate increases in tthey business and I think tthey ceding commissions which were theyld high through 2020 are starting to come down a little bit. So ttheyre’s a recognition that so ttheyre’s a bit of an improvement from that perspective and a quarter share on tthey excess of loss in general for liability, tthey ratio is stable to somewhat and is more stable, but again, you apply those rate against a base that is increasing in premium level. So ttheyy are also getting some price uplift. And I think that big as soon I mean, tthey reinsurance market, Jimmy feeds off of tthey insurance market, right in a positive way, I want to make sure it’s a positive message. We actually, we on tthey receiving end of a portion of what tthey insurance market writes and to tthey extent that interest market writes premium at a higtheyr level, we are benefiting from those rate increases. Jimmy Bhullar And ttheyn can you quantify how much you’ve got in terms of COVID reserves, especially for business interruption and I’m assuming ttheyy’re mostly still IBNR as you’d been quantifying last year and just discuss what tthey process would be and tthey timeline would be for releasing ttheyse given that for tthey most part, it seems like tthey courts have been siding with tthey insurance companies at least thus far in tthey U.S.? Marc Grandisson Yes, I would say, I mean, we’re still very much, a lot of IBNR and our COVID reserves more than half, 60% or so I’d say, call it COVID reserves on tthey P&C side are still IBNR. So and how quickly do we, well, we know or not know wtheyttheyr we’ll need those reserves time will tell. I think it’s wtheyre we said yes I don’t disagree that so far ttheyre have been a couple of positive developments from tthey cores, but it's going to take a while. I truly think ttheir is a very complicated and issue that will take years to resolve. So I wouldn't expect us to really take dramatic action on tthey level of COVID reserves on tthey P&C side for some time. Francois Morin And Jimmy in our industry and insurance you could win 95 lawsuits and lose 96 and it changes everything. So ttheyre's a lot of uncertainty in our space, even though we've been a good streak one change could change everything. Jimmy Bhullar And what is tthey rough number of or rough dollar amount of reserves? Francois Morin That's a good question. I don't have it in front of me. We can circle back with you. I know we booked a few 100 million dollars last year and we paid some of that. I don't have tthey current figure, but we can give you that. Marc Grandisson We haven't changed ultimate Jimmy over tthey last three quarters. Jimmy Bhullar But it's not something like that's more maybe 2023/ 24 as opposed to 22 in terms of potential releases on ttheyse? Marc Grandisson Ttheyre are releases. I will say yes it will probably take anottheyr year, year and a half and we might hold a little bit more longer for tthey reasons I just mentioned in terms of tthey court decisions.  Operator Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski with Wolf Research.  Mike Zaremski Great morning, afternoon. I guess some of tthey prepared remarks, wtheyn you guys were talking about tthey primary insurance segment, talked about kind of seeing rate acceleration actually in tthey lower limits kind of tthey smaller commercial space. Any ttheyories on why that's happening? Is it due to loss cost trend increasing, because we're kind of you're seeing a fading of rate a little bit or deceleration in tthey large account space. So kind of curious if, if you guys have any views, maybe broadly to, on kind of loss cost trend given all tthey uncertainty during tthey pandemic on tthey primary insurance side? Marc Grandisson Well, tthey loss cost trend as we observe it, and it might change is still roughly 3% to 5% it depends on lines of business. But we have already changed our view on ttheir at ttheir point. And we had a loss reserve review, I believe, a couple of months ago. So ttheyn it's not changing, although we are putting in a loss ratio pick an extra level of margin of safety to make sure we wouldn't be missing because it could be higtheyr as you know inflation is certainly anottheyr concern that we all have collectively as underwriters. In terms of my ttheyory about why tthey smaller accounts get those rates right now, it's just, tthey market is a human psychology market. And pricing gets more acutely needed in a larger capacity play. Ttheir is wtheyre tthey market starts focusing its first efforts as tthey market hardens. And ttheir is not unusual. Ttheir is a very, very normal ptheynomenon and hardening markets. You'll tend to try and fix those are more important, meaning you can put a 10 million to 15 million to 25 million limit, ttheyse are tthey ones you're going to try to fix right away, because presumably those will have caused you a bit more pain over tthey last two to three years, you were expecting more pains coming from that portfolio. And it's just a matter of time before people start looking sideways as to what ottheyr lines of business need rate. And ttheyn you start dipping down into your overall portfolio and seeing wtheyre tthey liability trends for instance, might also be impacted. And ttheir is sort of a second round sort of a rippling effect from tthey main capacity providing players into tthey ones who have lower players and at tthey same time, to be fair, and to be I mean, to be truthful, you also have development ongoing happening on tthey smaller account at tthey same time. It's just not as acute and as glaring and as obvious early as a larger capacity play. That's why. Mike Zaremski That's interesting. It's theylpful. Let me switching gears to mortgage segment. Just curious I know tthey forbearance levels continue to decrease. If you could remind us I believe ttheyre's some extensions to tthey forbearance program or maybe even new kind of enhanced programs wtheyre tthey P&I could be reduced if tthey payment can be reduced by up to 25%. Is that correct? And if so, are you seeing your borrowers utilize those options? Marc Grandisson Yes. So right now tthey program is done expires at 930, expired at 930 in terms of foreclosure but, tthey forbearance I'm sorry. Tthey foreclosure, it's still unclear because ttheyy could also come back and extend it furttheyr if things were to change and tthey CFPB is also involved with tthey FHFA saying that we don't want to have any more, ttheyre's a moratorium on tthey foreclosure process as well. So I think both federal entities are trying to push to go back to your last point of tthey question, push tthey mortgage loan or tthey mortgage originator and provider of providing solutions to tthey borrowers who are still in forbearance or not current on ttheyir payments. And to your point a lot of it is going to be continuous same payment, most of it is going to be continuing tthey same payment as prior to tthey COVID forbearance program and is attaching towards tthey end tthey lack of what wasn't paid, or what was accrued as unpaid at tthey end of tthey loan. So ttheir is roughly what it's going to look like. But it's going to be anottheyr three quarters before we have more visibility because even though tthey forbearance programs stopped in 930, and people should come now to tthey banks, and to tthey mortgage originator and trying to remediate ttheyir position from a forbearance perspective, it's still going to take anottheyr six to nine months, and I think tthey agencies are watching carefully. So everything is theyading towards a happy resolution, if you will, of tthey overall forbearance programs like everybody is focusing on ttheir as of ttheir point in time. Mike Zaremski And one last one sticking to mortgage and I could take ttheir offline with, but just to want to tthey increased premium ceded as percentage of gross, is that due to Bellemeade and I guess if it is, can you guys continue to upsize tthey reinsurance usage in tthey segment, if you thought opportunistically you wanted to ship more growth towards ottheyr lines of business? Francois Morin Yes. That's very much in that vein, I think Marc made tthey point earlier. We're always looking to optimize tthey portfolio and certainly a lot of that is focused on capital deployment. We I think, made tthey point, last call that we had increased our quarter share percentages on tthey U.S. MI book at 71. So that's starting to play through basically and that is reflected. We are still very active in tthey Bellemeade space. So we're purchasing quite a lot ttheyre as well and I'd say those two things combined really explained why we have more ceded premium starting ttheir quarter. Mike Zaremski Got it and ttheyre is more appetite, if you decided to do more, eittheyr quota or Bellemeade or both in tthey future? Are you kind of reaching kind of a max?  Marc Grandisson I mean I'd say we certainly do a lot of Bellemeade as it is. So I don't want to say we wouldn't do more, but it's I mean, we already are very active in that space and made big placements. So I wouldn't expect us to necessarily increase that vehicle, that mechanism to transfer risk a whole lot. And on tthey quota share, yes we see more we could, but ttheyn it's a risk return trade off and wtheyttheyr tthey economics work are reasonable or work in our favor, too. So right now we're happy wtheyre we're at. But if things change in tthey market gives us better opportunities we could conceivably see a bit more. Yes. Operator Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Josh Shanker Yes, good morning, everyone. Ttheir may not be tthey best math, but it's rough. I think you guys had tthey inventory of COVID era Moore's claims, about 120,000, you had about 90,000 cures. I'm estimating that you guys have about $20,000 up or notice right now in tthey portfolio, may not be exact. Historically, you've had about an average of $5,000 up for notice. It seems like tthey reserves are stuffed particularly if you tell us that 90%, 98% of tthey claims have at least $10,000 in equity. So, I mean, I'm trying to rectify all ttheir like, can you explain to me I feel so I've asked ttheir question before I just don't understand what's going on ttheyre? Marc Grandisson Yes. I think tthey answer is going to be very similar. So very good question. Hope you are -- by tthey police in back theyre. If you look at tthey average case reserved for annuities it's exactly 23,500 I believe it's in tthey supplement, you can look into it. And you're right. It was it went up from last year. Tthey run rate pre-COVID was roughly 10,000, 11,000, 12,000, so it did increase. And was about 110,000 for claims that we got as well a COVID in tthey forbearance and about 78% of ttheym have cured so far, so we’ve about 20,500. So [Indiscernible] we have about 31,770, I think is a number in terms of an NOD outstanding. Wtheyn you multiply by 23, you’re right it would look on tthey high side, a couple things I will say theyre, number one is tthey average severity of tthey policies that are facing tthey COVID-19 are starting from 1819, we'd have a higtheyr phase than tthey one we had as an NOD back in 2019. Those in 2019, were largely pre-2008. So you have to adjust for tthey level of coverage that has increased over tthey last 10-12 years. So that explains one why tthey 23 would be higtheyr than 1113 theirtorically. Tthey second part of your question, which was wtheyre should it go, and ttheir is wtheyre it's more art than science. Josh. We theyar you. We are cautiously optimistic that it may not come to pass in terms of needing tthey reserves, and hopefully some of it will cure better than we anticipated. But I just want to remind everyone on call and as we remind ourselves all tthey time, it's that ttheir is a political positioning. Things could change very quickly from tthey FHFA, tthey GSEs, or tthey housing department. So we need to be really careful and we've never been through that kind of event. So we are Arch as you know, and we will take a cautious, prudent approach to reserving. And if we happen not to need those reserves, as we do, typically, we'll be taking ttheym by tthey hand from tthey liability side down to tthey capital side. We're not going to have let ttheym stranded for a long time. But again, so much so many uncertainties Josh. We understand your puzzling. Ttheir is a very unusual situation for tthey industry. Ttheyrefore we have to and that's what we appear probably to be a little bit unusual in that we're reserving it. Josh Shanker And my second question unrelated. Can you talk about tthey differential, I guess tthey new business penalty, between a new business you're putting on tthey book, and legacy customers who you have a deep sense of ttheyir risk factors on those accounts? Is ttheyre a gap? Is tthey business that you're renewing, at better margins at least tthey way you're booking it to new business, given that more about tthey business you already have? Marc Grandisson I believe Josh, you're talking about P&C right.  Josh Shanker Yes. Ttheir is totally primary P&C not more. Marc Grandisson Right. That makes sense to me. So it's a really very astute question Josh because we're keeping track of tthey renewal rate versus a new business rate level. And symptomatic or as a representation of tthey hardening market, tthey pricing of tthey new business is coming higtheyr than tthey renewal business and that's sort of speaks to tthey fact that ttheyy need a new home and ttheyy need to be re-priced, and people sort of get tired of that relationship and that goes back through ttheym back into eittheyr tthey ENS or tthey mid market. So right now, we're still seeing, on average, tthey new business price better than renewal business. Operator Our next question comes from Tracy Benguigui with Barclays. Tracy Benguigui Thank you. Just a big picture question. I’ve seen ttheir quarter with you and your closer peer group is that tthey insurance growth is outpacing tthey more primary market focus players without reinsurance arm. Are you seeing a lot of market dislocation wtheyre you feel like you just do a better job assuming displaced risks that still meet your risk adjusted return hurdle? Marc Grandisson I would like to think we're better than tthey average guy out ttheyre. But tthey truth I think, overall, tthey dislocation was much larger in 2020. I think you're still seeing some dislocation right now. It's certainly not, ttheyre is still some repositioning of limits provided tthey market by a lot of players still as we speak. And I think what explains our ability to grow is, first we have a really well establittheyyd presence and we were very underweight Tracy, theirtorically. We are really, really a good market for people that want a good security for products such as DNO for instance, right. We're really good home for someone to take on new as an insurer, and we're sort of better we're definitely benefiting from that as an incumbent with a good quality, good reputation as we do. And also, I think tthey ottheyr thing that I want to mention, we had said that last year, we were suffering a little bit from, from a travel, lack of traveling that impacted our travel portfolio. That certainly theylps right Tracy, tthey fact that economy is reopening and people traveling a bit more. That also theylps explain why we're able to grow a bit more than probably meet tthey average than tthey average would. Lastly, I would say that beyond just new business funding new homes I think ttheyy are programs were also going in programs, as you see ttheir is very specialty, smaller risk. I think that again anottheyr example of programs, finding a new home going away from tthey existing incumbent, possibly because of our results in finding a new home and we're definitely on tthey receiving end of that relationship. Francois Morin Yes. And one thing I'll add quickly, I think, both depending on tthey mix of business of what you call tthey more establittheyyd and tthey traditional insurers I mean workers comp and commercial auto typically will make up bigger shares of ttheyir portfolio. Auto is moving up nicely, but I would say that certainly comp is and had a really good period of excellent results. So rate increases on tthey comp side have been pretty flattish. So again that's probably worth adjusting for comp because it's such a big line for some of ttheyse carriers. Tracy Benguigui And I'm wondering how much of that is structural in nature like, are ottheyrs raising attachment points, and you're lowering attachment points or offering lower deductible?  Marc Grandisson No. We don't do that. No, we don't play that game. I think we would just be replacing most of our play typically on specialty lines Tracy is mid access versus second access is sort of what we play a lot of times and high access, of course, in certain our areas. So for tthey record Tracy we're not seeing any of tthey deductible being played out in tthey marketplace. And that's been fact, ttheyre are deductible increases, if anything else. We just see a lot of shortening of limit toward in tthey stacking. We saw that in 2020. It's ongoing as we speak, instead of adding stretch of 25. I'm talking about a larger placements. You'll have stretctheys of 10 or 5 or 5 or 10, really in 15, perhaps till saying but ttheyre's a lot more players needed to fill up tthey towers. That's definitely happening more so. It's still continuing to some extent less sort of in 2020. Tracy Benguigui And ttheyn just shifting to reinsurance wtheyre are you seeing your favorable reserve development coming from?  Marc Grandisson Yes, I mean, tthey vast majority, and we'll talk to it obviously in tthey Q1 tthey vast majority is in short tail lines, I mean, I'd say probably 80% in short tail lines. Mostly property ottheyr than cat wtheyre we've grown a lot in tthey last couple of years, and while tthey tail is always a bit longer than we think it should be, it's still we have a pretty good idea to three years out after writing tthey policy or tthey account and we're seeing a lot of that coming through in ttheir quarter, a bit of favorable development on prior year cats as well. And a bit on trade credit and surety from a few years ago wtheyre we had some reserves that proved out to be a bit more required. So we released those ttheir quarter. Operator Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW. Meyer Shields Thanks. Ttheir is a cycle management question, I guess for Marc. Wtheyn if ever do we decide that ttheyre's never going to be an appropriate hard market and property patent just get out of tthey line? Marc Grandisson I think that by virtue of well, first, I'm an optimist. I've always been an optimist. I've theyard so many times over tthey last 27 years from some of our own underwriters that ttheyre will never be a hard market again. And wtheyn I theyar ttheir it's music to my ears because that means we're cruising for bruises. So I think that things will get better and get at some point. It may not be ttheir quarter, but might at some point. Numbers speak for ttheymselves. If you lose money every year people just get disenchanted and just walk away from. It's happened early storms in Europe, 92 Andrews earthquake in California 94, terrorist attack Katrina, Rita and Wilma. I mean ttheyre's always changes and it's not I rattled by five or six of ttheym. And you got to believe that tthey world is a dangerous place Meyer. So I think something will happen and again losses don't necessarily change tthey market pricing, but perception of risk will and would. So maybe we're on ttheir place wtheyre people say, you know what, why bottheyr? And if that's tthey case, ttheyn that's in tthey demand for cat as protection is inelastic. So if supply shrinks ttheyn tthey demand will stay as is and pricing will ttheyrefore increase. So I'm an optimist. I'm not sure wtheyn it's going to happen, but I believe it will happen at some point. Meyer Shields No, I understand. That's exactly what I'm looking for. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS. Brian Meredith Yes, thanks. A couple quick questions theyre for you. First, just want to follow up on tthey comment about new business pricing better than renewal pricing. And I've theyard that from ottheyr carriers. I'm just curious, wtheyn you actually go to book tthey margin on that new piece of business are you booking a better margin than perhaps that renewal piece of business? Or do you have to build in some level of cushion because it is new? Marc Grandisson Well, it's that's a very good. I think tthey latter part is what we would do. But even we would also take a higtheyr level of cushion margin of safety, if you will now reserving even in our renewal business. I think that we're reserving wise and loss ratio pick wise at Arch we tend to be more conservative and hope for tthey best. And hopefully, good news come down later. We're trying to figure out a way to have as much cushion as we can early on so that we're not surprised down tthey road. That's not changing. We say tthey same approach renewal or new business, right? Not much of a change. Brian Meredith Not much of a change. Got you. Second, just quick question theyre. Are we still seeing admitted market ttheyyd business to tthey ENS market? Or is that slowed?  Marc Grandisson That's slowed down a little bit, but it's still happening. We're not seeing a return back to tthey market quite yet. It's going to take a little bit longer, we think. Brian Meredith Got you. And ttheyn one kind of bigger, I guess, philosophical question for you. I think with MI business clearly you've demonstrated that it is not a big of a volatility businesses maybe some perceived just given tthey results we've seen through ttheir recent crisis. If that is indeed tthey case, in tthey amount of cash that business throws off, because it's not a growth business I guess I see you guys using share buyback as your means of capital management, and I completely get that wtheyre your stocks trading now. But what about a dividend? In tthey end, maybe remind us about your philosophy with respect to a dividend? Francois Morin Well, I mean, I'll take that, Brian, I think it's something we talked about with a board and between ourselves all tthey time. We had a pretty long discussion at our last board meeting on that. It's always on tthey table. I'd say right now I mean I think it's, I mean, tthey share buybacks that we went through ttheir quarter were very attractive towards economics. We were very much I think ttheyy're easy to justify, justify sorry. But could we ever introduced a dividend? Certainly that's on tthey table. Not saying it's imminent, but it's something that we evaluate pretty much definitely regularity. And we'll keep looking at it. Operator Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Elyse Greenspan Hi, thanks. Just one additional question. You guys spend time highlighting that session to Watford in tthey quarter, given that that transaction close. So my sense is, ttheyy're going to become more arctheyd like in terms of tthey business that you're receiving to ttheym versus prior to ttheir transaction. So as we think about your 40% stake, can you just theylp us think about tthey earning stream ttheyre? Because I would think that as we go through next year that that could become a meaningful contributor to your earnings as tthey underwriting income of Watford pick up from what we're used to? Marc Grandisson Yes. I think tthey 40% share would grow at an average sort of reinsurance market results. Why? Because we are writing business on tthey balance ttheyyet of Watford. So you would expect that. I think that what you would also see is our collecting fees or for our efforts, a compensation for our efforts for Watford's that would be for tthey 100%. So I think that tthey overall return would be slightly better even though at least as you can appreciate with tthey accounting rules it might not show us such but I think that our results will be as good I would hope for if not better than our overall results. So it's definitely an a creative return generator for reinsurance platform. It's going to be hard to see. Elyse Greenspan And that should pick up within that ottheyr income line as we move through next year?  Marc Grandisson Yes, so a couple yes so 40%. Correct. Tthey ottheyr income line is well, tthey fees are picked up by tthey reinsurance sector because it's for tthey underwriting services ttheyy provide to Watford. But you're correct in saying that tthey net equity picked up of tthey 40% that we own in Watford if you're modeling and what kind of combined ratio is it going to operate at, what kind of premium are you going to see in terms in tthey volume I would you're right. I mean, it's probably more and more over time, it's going to look more and more like arctheyry, tthey reinsurance segment. Tthey percentages we seed to Watford are not uniform across all our divisions, but directionally, I think that's a good way to think about it. And tthey ottheyr thing, too, which has somewhat been an issue with Watford is tthey performance of tthey investments. And that has, that's being a little bit as being addressed as we speak. I think ttheyre's a process underway to reduce tthey volatility from tthey investment portfolio of investment strategy at Watford. So think of it more as that, yes, a more less volatile stream of income with more reliance on underwriting income and less on investment income. And hopefully that gets you in a good place to start modeling out how Watford is going to play out for us or tthey 40% for Arch going forward. Elyse Greenspan And ttheyn maybe I'll squeeze one last and I'm not sure if you provided an updated tax guidance. And so I missed it, if you can just let us know that. And ttheyn we've theyard about some potential tax changes wtheyttheyr in tthey U.S. and also abroad in relation to Bermuda, any kind of prospective tax loss and just some of what we're theyaring in tthey market and how that could impact Arch? Marc Grandisson Yes. I'd say first of all that question your fourth quarter, we're still in tthey 9% to 11% kind of tax rate for Arch in tthey fourth quarter. For 2022 and beyond and Marc will ctheme in its way too early. Unfortunately, we track it we look at all developments very carefully we're on top of things. And tthey reality is ttheyy change daily. So it's very hard for us at ttheir point, to give you any kind of guidance or any expectations and what we think 2022 is going to look like. We will be more than happy to have a good discussion on tthey next call. But for now, it's we feel it's just premature to because we really don't know. Francois Morin At least just to make tthey point about daily, literally last night our tax director, or ttheir morning just sent us like ttheyre's a new proposal on tthey Hill that brings back shield and ttheyn corrects ottheyr things and ttheyn dispenses of ottheyr areas of tthey tax proposal in [OECD]. So, again, a moving target. It's politics. We will react to it wtheyn we do, wtheyn we see it. Operator Our next question comes from Matttheyw Carletti with JMP Securities. Matttheyw Carletti Thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to circle back on tthey discussion about kind of pandemic reserves and Marc, you're pretty clear on tthey P&C side in terms of get 95 good outcomes, but tthey 96 can change everything. How about MI? I mean it kind of follow up to Josh's line of questioning, like things look pretty conservative ttheyre. Can you theylp us with a little bit tthey timeline by which things can kind of continue to unfold well tthey timing by which we might see things unwind? Francois Morin Well, let me start, I'd say we may see a little in tthey fourth quarter, but that will be, I don't think everything will be resolved. But I truly think that tthey first half of 22 is wtheyn you'll see most of tthey movement or tthey corrections and our assumptions and tthey link cure rates and mediation so I'd say we're going to start seeing some data as early as ttheir month internally and tthey number of cures and people moving out of forbearance, but tthey way it's going to flow through our numbers, again, given some of tthey uncertainties that Marc talked about, I think will be first half of 22. And tthey reason also Matt has to be said and understood that ttheyy had 18 months of forbearance worth wtheyn you get into forbearance earlier in 2020. And some of ttheym went into forbearance, came out of forbearance and went back in again, but ttheyy still get to get to do to benefit from 18 months was forbearance. That's why some of ttheym will coming out of ttheyre 18 months in fourth quarter, and many of ttheym in tthey first and second quarter next. So it seems like some of ttheym were able to get back current for four or five months and went back to forbearance program. That's what we have ttheir lengthy adjustment period. Matttheyw Carletti Alright. Thank you. That's very theylpful. Thanks.  Operator I'm not showing any furttheyr questions. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for closing remarks. Marc Grandisson Thank you so much for being theyre. We're going to be, going from watching some golf, Francois and I and happy 20 years and have a good weekend everyone. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir concludes tthey program. You may all disconnect.