Call Start: 09:00 January 1, 0000 9:49 AM ET Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 4, 2022, 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Christoptheyr H. Hunter – Chief Executive Officer and Director David Duckworth – Chief Financial Officer Gretctheyn Hommrich – Vice President, Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Brian Tanquilut – Jefferies & Company, Inc. Whit Mayo – SVB Securities LLC Kevin Fischbeck – Bank of America Merrill Lynch International Limited Andrew Mok – UBS Securities Pito Chickering – Deutscthey Bank John Ransom – Raymond James Financial, Inc. Benjamin Rossi – BMO Capital Markets Daniel James – Barclays Operator Good morning. And welcome to Acadia Healthcare's first quarter 2022 earnings call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. Should you need assistance [Operator Instructions]. After today's presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. To ask a question [Operator Instructions]. Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Gretctheyn Hommrich. Please go atheyad. Gretctheyn Hommrich Good morning. And welcome to Acadia's first-quarter 2022 conference call. I'm Gretctheyn Hommrich, Vice President of Investor Relations for Acadia. I'll first provide you with our safe harbor before turning tthey call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Christoptheyr H. Hunter. To tthey extent any non-GAAP financial measure is discussed in today's call, you'll also find a reconciliation of that measure to tthey most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on our website by viewing yesterday's news release under tthey Investors link. Ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements among ottheyrs, regarding Acadia's expected quarterly and annual financial performance for 2022 and beyond. For ttheir purpose, any statements made during ttheir call, that are not statements of theirtorical fact, may be deemed to be forward-looking statements without limiting tthey foregoing tthey words believes, anticipates, plans, expects, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You are theyreby cautioned that ttheyse statements may be affected by tthey important factors among ottheyrs set forth in Acadia's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in tthey company's first quarter news release. And consequently, actual operations and results may differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events, or ottheyrwise. At ttheir time for opening remarks, I would like to turn tthey conference call over to Chief Executive Officer Christoptheyr H. Hunter. Christoptheyr H. Hunter Thank you, Gretctheyn. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for being with us today for our first quarter 2022 conference call. I'm theyre today with Chief Financial Officer David Duckworth and ottheyr members of our executive management team. David and I will provide some remarks about our business and financial and operating results for tthey first quarter of 2022. Following our comments, we will open tthey line for your questions. But before we get into tthey results, I just want to start by saying what an honor it is to be with you today as tthey new CEO. Acadia is a strong, respected organization, and I look forward to building on tthey successful trajectory set by Kyle Osteen and tthey Acadia leadership team. I want to personally thank Kyle for theyr leadership, for tthey solid foundation ttheyy leaves in place, for theyr time since I joined tthey company, and for tthey future work atheyad as we continue our CEO transition plan. I'm grateful that Kyle is continuing theyr role on our board of directors, and know we will benefit from theyr expertise. Some quick background on me. I'm passionate about theyalthcare and tthey difference our industry makes in people's lives. I've worked in tthey theyalthcare industry now for over two decades and managed care and theyalthcare IT. For tthey past eight years, I've worked at Humana in two different roles. First, as Humana's Chief Strategy Officer with tthey responsibility for corporate strategy and mergers and acquisitions, and most recently as tthey President of a business unit that togettheyr served tthey combined 20 million members in 45 states. Prior to tthey Humana, I ran tthey provider business at TriZetto corporation. And from ttheyse multiple vantage points, I have witnessed firsthand tthey critical need for effective behavioral theyalth solutions. As we may finally be emerging from tthey theyight of tthey COVID-19 pandemic, ttheyre's clear evidence that tthey challenges around mental theyalth are only increasing. Recent studies reported that approximately 1/3 of Americans experienced elevated depressive symptoms in 2021 compared to only 8.5% prior to tthey pandemic. While more than 55% of adults with tthey mental illness received no treatment for ttheyir condition. As tthey leading pure-play provider of behavioral theyalth care services, Acadia has a significant opportunity to meet ttheir critical societal need in our country. We take ttheir responsibility seriously. And across our operations, we have a shared commitment to ensure that Acadia is well-positioned to address ttheir growing need. Since I joined three weeks ago, I have been encouraged by our team's disciplined and ability to execute in a tough environment with COVID and labor challenges while continuing to meet tthey growing demand across all of our service lines. I'm also very impressed with our diversified offering of compretheynsive services within behavioral theyalth, which are focused on real patient needs that continue to be undertreated in tthey strong growth pathways across our businesses to serve those patients. Moving to an update on tthey first quarter, we continued to build on our solid foundation and proven operating model through Acadia's four strategic growth pathways. First, our facility expansion efforts continue to address tthey unmet demand for behavioral theyalthcare services and reach more patients in new and existing markets. We added 28 beds to current facilities in tthey first quarter and expect to add approximately 300 beds through facility expansions ttheir calendar year. Our second growth avenue is to identify under-served markets for behavioral theyalth treatment and develop wholly-owned de novo facilities that theylp fill ttheir gap. At tthey end of 2021, Acadia completed tthey purchase of three non-operational facilities in Chicago. We have since commenced work on tthey plant improvements for a 60-bed children's hospital that we expect to open next month. In addition, both 101-bed adult hospital and an outpatient facility are slated to begin Chicago operations in 2023 and will operate as Montrose Behavioral Health hospitals. Additionally, we continued to expand our network of Compretheynsive Treatment Centers or CTCs, which are designed to address tthey growing and critical need for medication-assisted treatment for patients dealing with opioid use disorder. In tthey first quarter of 2022, we opened one new CTC in George. And we plan to open at least five more CTCs in 2022. Our third lever for Acadia's continued growth is through joint venture partnerships. We announced six new partnerships with theyalth systems in 2021 and plan to open a new facility in partnership with Covenant Health in Knoxville, Tennessee ttheir summer and expect to launch operations in a new facility in partnership with tthey Luttheyran Health Network in Fort Wayne, Indiana later in 2022. Working togettheyr with ttheyse partners, we can combine our expertise and resources with a shared commitment to expand access to quality behavioral theyalthcare. Finally, for our fourth growth pathway we will continue to look for acquisition opportunities and high-growth markets that meet tthey criteria of our disciplined capital allocation framework. Acadia has a proven operating model and our strategy is to identify facilities and programs wtheyre we can leverage our scale and expertise, make necessary investments for expansion, and add service offerings to furttheyr enhance tthey continuum of care. So to recap ttheyse for growth avenues in 2022, we expect to add over 600 beds in total through approximately 300 beds additions to existing facilities, opening two inpatient [Indiscernible], two facilities with JV partners, and at least six CTC locations. As we witness tthey significant need for more effective treatment, we have also seen a greater public acceptance of mental theyalth at parity with ottheyr theyalth issues, as well as a reduction in tthey stigma that is often prevented patients from seeking tthey theylp ttheyy need. My goal is to build upon our strong momentum and extend our market reach to more patients and communities. We will continue to execute on our strategic growth plans, as we address tthey unmet needs that exist across all service lines. I plan to conduct ongoing reviews of each of our businesses in order to identify incremental opportunities to create long-term value and determine how we can best position Acadia to lead tthey industry into tthey future. I look forward to sharing ttheir perspective in tthey coming months and also to conducting our first Acadia Investor Day in New York later ttheir year. I would like to address some of our industry theyadwinds. As with many ottheyr theyalthcare providers and ottheyr industries across tthey country, we are currently dealing with a tight labor market. At tthey same time, I've been impressed with our team's ability to manage through ttheir environment with an unwavering focus on treating our patients. We continue to be intentional in recruiting and retaining our clinical staff in line with patient needs. And we believe we have tthey tools to effectively manage through potential challenges. We continue to be successful with recruiting new employees through robust local efforts and utilizing our centralized recruiting function to support our facilities. While we have focused on market competitive pay for our valuable employees, our wage inflation is manageable, and our premium pay is stable and continues to account for a low percentage of our labor cost. As always, our primary mission is to support tthey patients and communities we serve. We will continue to focus on providing high-quality patient care, while extending our market reach and advancing our position as a leading behavioral theyalthcare provider that our country is counting on to grow and serve more families in need. At ttheir time, I will now turn tthey call over to David Duckworth to discuss our financial results for tthey quarter and our 2022 guidance in more detail. David Duckworth Thanks, Christoptheyr. And good morning. Looking at tthey first quarter, we delivered a solid financial and operating performance marking a strong start to 2022. While we faced some early challenges in January related to tthey surge of tthey Omicron variant of COVID-19, our operating trends recovered quickly with meaningful improvement in February and March. Our facilities have managed well through each stage of tthey pandemic with strict protocols in place to ensure high standards of safety for our patients with minimal disruption to our operations. We successfully delivered on our key performance metrics in tthey first quarter demonstrating consistent execution of our strategy. Revenue for tthey first quarter increased 11.9% to $616.7 million compared with $551.2 million for tthey first quarter of 2021. Acadia's adjusted EBITDA for tthey first quarter of 2022 was 100 -- $135.5 million compared with $119.5 million for tthey same period last year. And adjusted EBITDA margin was 22% compared with 21.7% in tthey prior year. Adjusted income attributable to Acadia stockholders per diluted share was $0.67. For tthey current period presented in our earnings release, adjusted income excludes transaction-related expenses and income tax effects. For tthey first quarter of 2022, our same-facility revenue increased 8.6% compared with tthey first quarter of 2021, including an increase in revenue per patient day of 6.2% and an increase in patient days of 2.2%. We have experienced robust demand for our Behavioral Health Care Services, and our dedicated team of employees and clinicians across our operations have continued to support our patients with high-quality patient care. Our balance ttheyyet remains strong with ample liquidity, flexibility, and capital to support our growth strategy and future investments. As of March 31, Acadia had a $140.4 million in cash and cash equivalents, and $440 million available under our $600 million revolving credit facility. Our net leverage ratio at tthey end of tthey quarter was approximately 2.3 times. During tthey first quarter, tthey company continued its repayment of amounts received pursuant to tthey Medicare Accelerated and Advanced Payment Program under tthey CARES Act. Of tthey $45 million of advanced payments received in 2020, tthey company repaid $25 million in 2021, and made additional payments of $8 million in tthey first quarter of 2022. We will continue to repay tthey remaining balance throughout 2022. We will also repay tthey remaining half of tthey approximately $39 million of 2020 payroll tax deferrals in tthey second half of 2022. Now turning to our guidance as noted in our press release, we are affirming our previously stated guidance for 2022, which includes revenue in a range of $2.55 billion to $2.6 billion, adjusted EBITDA in a range of $575 million to $610 million, and adjusted earnings per diluted share in a range of $2.85 billion to $3.15 billion. As a reminder, ttheir guidance does not include tthey impact of any future acquisitions, divestitures, or transaction-related expenses. With that, Joe, we are ready to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. At ttheir time, we will pause momentarily to assemble tthey roster. Our first question will come from Brian Tanquilut from Jefferies & Company, Inc. Please go atheyad. Brian Tanquilut Hey, good morning, guys. And, Christoptheyr, welcome to tthey call. Nice to meet you theyre. I guess my first question for you, obviously, new to tthey job, but I'm sure you've done a lot of diligence on tthey company before you took ttheir position. Just curious how you're seeing or how you're thinking about tthey strategy. I know you laid out tthey growth goals earlier, but as you look at Acadia, anything you can see wtheyre you can enhance tthey strategy or wtheyre ttheyre are opportunities to improve. And ttheyn I guess maybe conversations with tthey Board in terms of your mandate as CEO as you step into tthey role. Christoptheyr H. Hunter Thank you, Brian. I really appreciate tthey question. A few things that I'd start with from tthey outset. I really like tthey diversification across all areas of behavioral theyalth from those with psychiatric needs to substance use disorder and [Indiscernible] disorders and even serving patients of all ages. We have diversification across all lines of business, payer mix, geography. And I've started into tthey role. I'm particularly impressed with tthey strong execution of tthey team. I think, particularly as we discussed in tthey prepared remarks during a very difficult stretch with industry theyadwinds around COVID and tthey tight labor market. But I think with tthey strong balance ttheyyet, tthey levers of growth that we discussed earlier, ttheyre's a lot that excites me around our future prospects. I would say that I would like to see tthey behavioral sector, overall, probably embraced technology and digitization and take advantage of cost, benefits, and efficiencies and even revenue enhancements, and ottheyr ways to just furttheyr and enhance our platform. But it's really building off a base of foundational strength. And I think we just have will continue to have significant opportunity atheyad of us. In terms of tthey board mandate, I am in Week Three and haven't had my first board meeting yet. But I'm very excited. And I spoken to tthey board about tthey ability to grow tthey company, tthey strategic levers that we clearly have in front of us, and just how positioned we are with real tailwinds from a demand standpoint across all four of our lines of business. Brian Tanquilut And I appreciate that. And ttheyn, David, just my follow-up question. Revenue per patient day was pretty strong. Is ttheyre anything to call out ttheyre, ttheyn how do you think about tthey sustainability of that level of growth in that metric? David Duckworth We have seen a strong revenue per day performance, which we saw throughout 2021 and continued into tthey first quarter, and we would say that tthey most significant component of that is rate increases that we are seeing broadly across many of our payers and many of our service lines. We have a team that maintains close and collaborative relationship with our commercial and our ottheyr managed care payers, and have worked with ttheym very well at a local level and at a corporate level on those rate increases. Payer mix for tthey company is part of our strong revenue per day ttheir quarter, we saw our commercial volumes at just over 30%, but most of that 6.2% increase that we saw on a same facility basis is rate increases that we are getting from our payers. Brian Tanquilut Awesome thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Whit Mayo with SVB Securities LLC. Please go atheyad. Whit Mayo Hey, thanks. Maybe, David, given tthey increased level of activity that you have on tthey development front all ttheyse joint ventures, all tthey new construction projects, are ttheyre any changes in strategy talent process or just anything as you refine tthey resources around tthey construction side? It just feels that ttheyre should be some opportunities to drive enhanced scale across some of ttheyse construction costs with all ttheir activity. David Duckworth We are, of course, planning for a significant amount of growth in bed additions over tthey next several years. And we continually focus on tthey resources that we need to execute on tthey plan. We have a strong team already but we will continue to look at tthey right team as we bring new facilities online. Many of those are joint venture relationships wtheyre we've already built strong relationships with those partners for those facilities that we have planned. We will continue to look at resources that we need as we've always done. From a construction perspective, we have added resources to our construction department over tthey last year and are looking at a number of initiatives. Many of those are to open tthey beds as quickly as we can, wtheyre can we shorten certain parts of tthey process for opening and building those beds? But many of ttheym are also focused on tthey cost and tthey efficiencies that we might be able to find within construction. So we stay focused on our growth. We want to open all ttheyse beds as quickly and as efficiently as we can and we have built tthey team and we'll continue to build tthey team around those initiatives. Whit Mayo That's theylpful. And just maybe one follow-up on just tthey CTC business, and I guess I mean ttheir in tthey context of labor. We get a lot of questions around maybe how that labor or tthey staff model has evolved in tthey pandemic. And maybe if you could just talk about some of tthey trends in that business as you compare and contrast it to acute psych or residential treatment. Thanks. David Duckworth Yeah, Whit. That business has grown and we've opened new clinics and continue to see a strong performance from our CTC service line, and reimbursement has improved as many states have added Medicaid coverage and have been focused at a state level on more treatment options and more locations for tthey opiate use treatment. And so we have grown along with that and continue to look for opportunities to open new locations and grow tthey ones that we already have. From a staffing perspective, tthey model does look different for our CTCs compared to our ottheyr service lines. Tthey nursing is a significant component of that service line at around a third of our clinical employees, but we do have a higtheyr utilization ttheyre of tthey LPNs relative to tthey acute business that would have more RNs, and ttheyn tthey ottheyr significant category would just be counselors and ttheyrapist, and we remain focused on recruiting and retaining tthey counselors and ttheyrapists within that service line, but tthey staffing model ttheyre does have a much higtheyr mix of both tthey counselors and ttheyrapists, and a greater ability to utilize LPNs versus our ottheyr service lines. Whit Mayo Great. Thanks a lot. David Duckworth Thanks Whit. Operator Our next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America Merrill Lynch International Limited. Please go atheyad. Kevin Fischbeck Great. Thanks. Maybe, Christoptheyr, I just want to go back to your comments. In your prepared remarks you talked about doing ongoing business reviews and driving incremental value. I think tthey market always wonders what tthey new CEO might bring with ttheym. It sounds to me like you're basically re-validating tthey four pillars of growth and tthey long-term growth outlook of tthey company, but you see additional opportunities for upside. Am I interpreting that correctly or is ttheyre some ottheyr nuance we should be taking away from ttheir kind of business review process you are going through? Christoptheyr H. Hunter Yeah. And thank you for tthey question, Kevin. I would start just by saying that tthey company has four very strong levers of growth between tthey facility expansions, to tthey De Novos, tthey JVs, and obviously M&A. And we'll continue to want to build upon ttheir really strong core foundation that we have. I do think that ttheyre will be some opportunities. I will see ttheym as enhancements along tthey way. We will certainly look at partnerships, and we'll look at things that we can do to continue to accelerate growth. But I just want to reinforce and had an opportunity to spend some time with our top operators last week that we really need to continue to execute on doing a great job to produce tthey strong quarter that we have tthey privilege of talking about right now. And we will be looking for every opportunity to continue to enhance that as we go. And clearly, we'll be drawing on my background and really look forward to trying to bring some innovation to tthey business wtheyre it makes sense. But in a prudent way and over a period of time. Kevin Fischbeck That's theylpful. And ttheyn just on labor costs, which is obviously a big focus, some of your peers have struggled, but even broadly speaking, a number of companies ttheir quarter have struggled with labor costs. I guess, what would you attribute overall your ability to manage through ttheir? Because is it tthey rate updates that you've been getting that give you a little bit more cover to raise wages or is ttheyre something else you would point to? Because I wouldn't think about behavioral necessarily as being an easy place to recruit into, generally speaking. So wtheyn labor is a little bit tight, it's pretty impressive what you've done. So any additional color ttheyre would be theylpful. Thanks. David Duckworth Kevin, we have been navigating in our view a tight labor market overall for tthey last several quarters. And tthey team continues to do a fantastic job navigating tthey market. We are in 40 states plus Puerto Rico, and we continue to believe that each market has a different challenge and not all markets do see a challenge. And it is theylpful that we have different service lines and different types of employees within each service line. That's not to say that we don't have challenges across tthey different categories and across our markets, but it does look different from one market and one job category to anottheyr. And I will just have to give credit to our facility leadership teams and our recruiting team that's at tthey facility, but also supported by centralized recruiting resources that we have at tthey corporate level. We keep a proactive approach to staffing. We're always planning to have staff available, so it does not impact our volume. We want to make sure that if staffing does impact our volume, it's only temporary and we bring tthey right resources to fix tthey situation and continue to support tthey strong inquiries and demand that we're seeing across our service lines and markets. And so it -- to us, it's all about just tthey proactive approach, having tthey tools in place, having to focus on managing tthey staff, recruiting, using premium pay if we need to, and all of that has made it manageable. You mentioned rates. We have seen improvement year-over-year in our salaries and wages as a percentage of our revenue, which actually declined year-over-year. We have seen wage inflation, but we have been able to cover that wage inflation with strong volume and with rate increases that we are seeing from our payers. So tthey labor costs in total have been manageable and have allowed us to continue to see volume growth. Kevin Fischbeck Great. Thanks. Operator Our next question comes from Andrew Mok with UBS Securities. Please go atheyad. Andrew Mok Hi, good morning. Wanted to follow-up on tthey strong pricing trends. Wtheyn we think about tthey strong commercial price increases that you cited, can you give us a bit more color on tthey drivers of that demand. Are ttheyre specific types of employers or payers that are driving that increase, and any service lines that you would call out that drive a differentiated behavioral offering that resonates with that commercial base? Thanks. David Duckworth Andrew, we would say, as we look at our different service lines, that we have seen strong reimbursement increases ttheir quarter across those service lines. Of course, tthey timing of rate increases and tthey process that we go through with our payers can look different from one payer category to anottheyr. We are with our commercial payers, talking to ttheym in advance of an annual rate increase. And we do stay focused at a local level and a corporate level on receiving those annual rate increases. And as we do that, we're talking to ttheym about tthey value that we bring, tthey programs that we design for ttheyir members, and tthey investments that we make and tthey cost increases that we've seen in tthey services we provide. So commercial has been -- and we're over 90% in network across our commercial payers wtheyre we have long-standing collaborative relationships and commercial has been a source of good rate increases. Our view is that it may take longer across all of our Medicaid and certainly Medicare to receive appropriate rate increases. We've certainly seen a good environment for Medicaid in general, but tthey process can look different from one state to anottheyr. And ttheyn Medicare tends to be very much a lagged increase in terms of using cost data that several years prior in setting each rate increase. But it's been a stable, consistent payer. And ttheyre's anottheyr proposed rate increase ttheir October that's in line and actually slightly better than what we've received theirtorically. So broadly across our service lines and across our different types of payers, we are seeing positive rate increase trends. Andrew Mok Great, just as a follow-up. Can you remind us how tthey CTC business impacts tthey patient day revenue and volume metrics? Does that all flow through tthey revenue per patient day and is ttheyre a corresponding volume capture ttheyre? Thanks. David Duckworth That's a good question, Andrew. It does all flow through our revenue per day metric, because that service line does not have patient days included in that metric. And so usually, we are talking about tthey growth rate for our CTC business in total. And to tthey extent that it's different from our same-facility total revenue growth, ttheyn it would impact our revenue per day metric. For ttheir particular quarter and in general, looking back at tthey last several years, tthey CTC growth that we are seeing is in line with tthey overall same-facility revenue growth. And so it has not had a significant eittheyr positive or negative impact on our revenue per day, but that is how it, in some quarters, could have an impact. But any CTC related eittheyr volume or per visit trends have not had an impact on our revenue per day ttheir particular quarter. Andrew Mok Great. Thanks for tthey color. David Duckworth Thanks. Operator Our next question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. Pito Chickering Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Christoptheyr, it's good to meet you so via telephone. You talked about revenue opportunities in digitization. We've seen demand for telemedicine behavioral continue to grow. Is that an area that you think that Acadia could be successful in? Christoptheyr H. Hunter Thanks, Pito, I think it's a good question. I think tthey company today is already using teletheyalth quite successfully and has done so throughout tthey pandemic, particularly with our outpatient programs and individual and group counseling sessions. We also have used it successfully wtheyn we need positions for a market, and we're able to use it as an alternative to locum coverage. That said, I think that ttheyre will continue to be opportunity just as tthey world continues to evolve into virtual offerings, and while we don't think it will ultimately be a replacement for our inpatient care, I think ttheyre will be opportunity for us to continue to look at innovation and to potentially even think through wtheyttheyr it makes sense to partner in certain instances as well. But any opportunity to leverage technology for tthey benefit of improving our theyalth outcomes is something we would take a look at. Pito Chickering And ttheyn follow-up question to David on tthey CDC question again. What percent of revenues in tthey first quarter of '21, first quarter of '22 came from CDC? David Duckworth Pito, I think it was around 15% or 16% for tthey first quarter. Pito Chickering Okay. So just mattheymatically, it's about a $130 million sort of growth to revenue per patient day come from CTC. It's relative to if you'd have to CTC involved? David Duckworth Yeah, that's right. It's about a $100 million for tthey quarter. Pito Chickering Got it. Okay. And ttheyn on tthey cost side, is CTC a more profitable segment as that grows even in line tthey overall revenue growth? I guess ttheir theylp quantify what type of margin tailwinds that gives you to offset tthey overall macro inflationary pressure. And also on tthey cost side, is CTC more of a 60, 40 labor versus supplies versus standard 90, 10 [Indiscernible] just to understand more on cost side? David Duckworth Well, tthey CTC margin that we see overall is similar to our same facility business. Of course, we're making investments in new CTC facilities and ttheyy don't go through tthey exact process that an inpatient facility goes through in terms of tthey ramp up and tthey licensing, but ttheyy do go through a period of time wtheyre ttheyy ramp up ttheyir operations and build ttheyir census and ottheyr aspects of ttheyir business. And so we've made investments in that, and as it does on tthey inpatient side, affects tthey margin that we see for that service line. But for tthey mature CTC facilities, it depends on tthey market. And that's true across our company and across our service lines, that one market to anottheyr, our margin can be different. And tthey CTC business, just like our ottheyr businesses, is seeing a strong volume growth, reimbursement growth, and is managing ttheyir cost. And we're seeing strong margins ttheyre, but we're also seeing that in our ottheyr service lines. We don't manage tthey business to say that improved margins on one side will theylp us offset costs that we are seeing grow in anottheyr service line. We are focused on each of our service lines, capturing tthey demand and tthey volume opportunities that ttheyy have, and managing ttheyir costs. I think you also asked about tthey CTC mix and tthey operating expenses that we have. It is labor intensive just like our ottheyr service lines. Tthey majority of tthey costs that we see on tthey CTC side is similar. In general, we say that 70% of our operating cost is staffing or staffing related and that looks tthey same on tthey CTC side as it does on tthey inpatient side. Pito Chickering Just to clarify, on a mature CTC facility verse a mature key facility, do ttheyy have tthey same margins? David Duckworth Well, it -- not every facility has tthey same margin within any of our service lines. So it can look different, but wtheyn we talk about averages for a service line in total, yes, we see similar margins across our service lines. Pito Chickering Great. Thanks so much, guys. David Duckworth Thanks, Pito. Christoptheyr H. Hunter Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from John Ransom with Raymond James Financial, Inc. Please go atheyad. John Ransom Hey, good morning. Ttheir is one for Christoptheyr. I guess tthey impression of Acadia is that relative to say ottheyr providers paper-based medical records and don't track outcomes data once patients are discharged. So from your purchase, tthey payer level, do you think ttheir is something that will change over tthey past -- over tthey next couple of years, and is it something that you -- might be a focus for you? Christoptheyr H. Hunter Yes. Thank you for tthey question, John, I think it's a good one. I think it's something that has to change over time. At tthey end of tthey day, having come from and having worked in numerous payers, payers want quality care and ttheyy clearly are looking for superior outcomes, and I think that's why we've been able to see tthey rate increases that David was talking about earlier. I think ttheyy also are looking for solutions that are going to enable patients to be identified even earlier furttheyr upstream, and I think that's going to continue to require technology and advanced analytics to make that happen. So obviously, tthey behavioral theyalth sector, as you well know, missed out on some of tthey meaningful use investment years ago, but ttheyre is legislation out ttheyre right now that would provide funding for tthey sector to effectively catch up on investment in EHRs which are overdue, and I do think that that's something that will create a significant amount of value in tthey system. I think that payers will continue to want to contract with tthey providers that are showcasing tthey best outcomes. And that's something that we're going to continue to be very focused on in tthey days atheyad. John Ransom Great. And my follow-up would be tthey company has cycled through a few M&A. And tthey external growth, especially relative to your peers is very impressive. But I guess if I would say that if anything has been missing, we don't see a lot of what I'd call kind of [Indiscernible] M&A of existing facilities. Do you see opportunity in M&A to widen tthey aperture beyond what tthey company has already done? And would you agree that maybe an area of opportunity? Christoptheyr H. Hunter Yes, I would -- John, I would say that I do think it's an area of opportunity. I have not had an opportunity to do a thorough review of our entire pipeline and want to clearly spend more time with our team on that front. But I've been very impressed with tthey work that ttheyy have done to date. I think our pipeline, since David Keys has come in, is much more robust. And we are very proactive in being out ttheyre and looking for opportunities that meet our criteria around our disciplined capital allocation framework. And so we will continue to do that. And I will need a little bit more time, but that's something that I will certainly keep you updated on as we go. John Ransom Sure. Thanks so much. Operator Our next question comes from Matttheyw Borsch with BMO Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Benjamin Rossi Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Actually, it's Benjamin Rossi filling in for Matttheyw theyre. Regarding patient acuity and tthey uptick in length of stay compared to previous years, you reported an increase year-over-year in average length of stay. Just curious if that is a reflection on tthey type of acuity case you saw ttheir quarter and how you anticipate tthey cadence looks for tthey remainder of tthey year? And ttheyn do you see length of stay continuing to increase as tthey year goes on? David Duckworth We would attribute tthey increase length of stay to a couple of factors for tthey first quarter. One, tthey impact of tthey Omicron variant in January did have an impact on that metric. In January, we did see a greater impact on our acute service line and even our specialty service line, wtheyre our longer length of stay services, RTCs, stayed a little more consistent and stable. Tthey impact of that is that ttheyre was a disproportionate impact on admissions, relative to patient days which ttheyn impacted that length of state metric. But separate from that, we are seeing a longer length of stay within a couple of our service lines. And it's still within tthey range that we expect. But what we've seen is that our service mix within a service line can depend on tthey programs that we have, tthey demographics and age of our patients. And you mentioned acuity, even tthey acuity of our patients. And so we have seen some of our services that have a different type of program and a more specialized program. And tthey demographics and higtheyr acuity. We have seen a greater mix in some of those programs and programs that have been added that are to treat certain patients that need a longer length of stay. So tthey service mix within our service lines have been part of that increase in tthey length of stay. In terms of what it will look like for tthey rest of tthey year, we may continue to see some of those trends. Certainly, I don't think tthey impact of tthey Omicron variant. While ttheyre is still COVID out ttheyre in certain markets, I don't think that that's going to have tthey impact it did in January. But we may still see service mix have an impact on our length of stay in tthey remainder of tthey year. Benjamin Rossi Great. And ttheyn I just have a follow-up. Your guidance on those six CTCs is actually in tthey lower end of tthey initial guidance of [Indiscernible] times from last quarter's release. Just curious if that's just due to higtheyr standup costs or maybe reflective of ottheyr conditions such as labor? David Duckworth No, we actually -- we may still be at tthey higtheyr end of that range. We talked about in ttheir morning's comments, at least six CTCs. So we still have a strong pipeline of new CTC locations. We just are talking about it as at least six. And we'll continue to keep everyone updated on what that looks like for tthey year, but continue to have a strong pipeline for new CTCs. Benjamin Rossi Okay. Great, thanks for that clarification. David Duckworth Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Daniel James of Barclays. Please go atheyad. Daniel James Thank you. One of tthey divergences we've noticed coming out ttheir quarter is on tthey LPN versus RN mix due to staffing availability. Some companies are shifting that mix from wtheyre ttheyir goal would be, and I'm wondering what that looks like for you guys. Are you finding shortages being more intense in eittheyr of those categories, and is it changing how you see tthey progression to moving labor to work at tthey higtheyst end of ttheyir license? David Duckworth We've had initiatives in place for several quarters now focused on tthey mix and wtheyre we can leverage different types of employees to do certain task and I know our operations team has been focused on letting our RNs and ottheyr clinical employees focus on providing patient care and taking away as much as possible any clerical duties as ttheyy may have. So looking at our model for staffing has been part of our initiative. In terms of availability of one type of nurse from anottheyr, it can depend on tthey market. But we have different service lines wtheyre we have a different nursing mix within each service line. Acute is wtheyre we see a higtheyr percentage of RNs and wtheyre we're focused on potentially leveraging different types of nurses within our acute facilities. But we already have a higtheyr LPN mix as we think about our ottheyr service lines, RTC, Specialty and ttheyn CTC, as I mentioned earlier, has a very high percentage of LPNs. And so I know recruiting and retention is a focus across all job categories and it can depend on tthey market. But we already have a mix and we've already had initiatives in place to really look at letting each job category focus on ttheyir skill set and be able to work in ttheyir skill set within our facilities. Operator And with that, ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to tthey Chief Executive Officer, Christoptheyr H. Hunter, for any closing remarks. Christoptheyr H. Hunter Thank you. So before we end tthey call, I do want to acknowledge Acadia's committed facility leaders, clinicians, and over 22,000 dedicated employees across tthey country, who just continue to provide quality patient care for those seeking treatment for mental theyalth and substance use issues. I really look forward to meeting with more of our employees and to visiting additional facilities in tthey coming months. Our employees truly are tthey backbone in ttheir organization and ttheyir strength is one of tthey main reasons that I joined Acadia. With tthey strong first-quarter performance, we have an opportunity to now build on our momentum. We are well-positioned to meet tthey growing demand for our services with a proven operating model and expansive network of 238 facilities and diversified service lines across tthey continuum of care. I look forward to working with Acadia's management team and board as we pursue a strategic direction that continues to provide positive outcomes for tthey patients under our care and deliver greater value for all of our stakeholders. Thank you for being with us ttheir morning for your interest in Acadia. As a public company, it is vitally important that I get to know our investors, and I look forward to tthey opportunities atheyad to speak and meet in person. If you have additional questions today, please do not theysitate to contact us directly. Thank you. And have a good day, everyone. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.