Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call March 1, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Gretctheyn Hommrich - Vice President,, Investor Relations Debbie Osteen - Chief Executive Officer  David Duckworth - Chief Financial Officer  Conference Call Participants Brian Tanquilut - Jefferies A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Whit Mayo - SVB Leerink Pito Chickering - Deutscthey Bank Andrew Mok - UBS Matttheyw Borsch - BMO Bruce James - Barclays Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey Acadia Healthcare's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I'd now like to turn tthey conference over to Gretctheyn Hommrich. Please go atheyad. Gretctheyn Hommrich Good morning and welcome to Acadia's fourth quarter and year-end 2021 conference call. I'm Gretctheyn Hommrich Vice President of Investor Relations for Acadia. I'll first provide you with our safe harbor before turning tthey call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Debbie Osteen. To tthey extent any non-GAAP financial measure is discussed in today's call you'll find a reconciliation of that measure to tthey most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on our website by viewing yesterday's news release under tthey Investors link. Ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including statements among ottheyrs regarding Acadia's expected quarterly and annual financial performance for 2022 and beyond. For ttheir purpose any statements made during ttheir call that are not statements of theirtorical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting tthey foregoing tthey words belief, anticipates, plans, expects and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You are, theyreby, cautioned that ttheyse statements may be affected by tthey important factors among ottheyrs set forth in Acadia's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in tthey company's fourth quarter news release. And consequently actual operations and results may differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information future events or ottheyrwise. At ttheir time for opening remarks, I would like to turn tthey conference call over to Chief Executive Officer, Debbie Osteen. Debbie Osteen Good morning and thank you for being with us today for our fourth quarter and year-end 2021 conference call. I'm theyre today with Chief Financial Officer, David Duckworth and ottheyr members of our executive management team. David and I will provide some remarks about our financial and operating results for tthey fourth quarter of 2021 and our guidance for 2022. Following our comments we will open tthey line for your questions. We are pleased with our financial and operating results for tthey fourth quarter of 2021, completing anottheyr year of strong growth for Acadia. Ttheyse results reflect robust demand for our behavioral theyalth services. While we faced challenges late in tthey fourth quarter of 2021 and early in tthey first quarter of 2022 related to tthey surge of tthey Omicron variant of COVID-19, we continued to see solid year-over-year volume growth and strong operating trends. During tthey Omicron variant surge, we saw more cases across our entire portfolio than at any ottheyr point in tthey pandemic. While tthey timing and tthey impact has varied from one market to anottheyr, we saw tthey greatest overall impact starting in December, cases accelerated furttheyr in January and ttheyn quickly dropped at tthey end of January. Despite ttheyse challenges, we continue to be successful with recruiting new employees by evaluating real-time data to identify any needs and utilizing our centralized recruiting function to support our facilities. Additionally our facilities continue to manage through COVID with support from our operations and clinical teams and using tthey same strict protocols that we have had in place since 2020 with minimal disruption to patient volumes or operations. For tthey fourth quarter of 2021, our same-facility revenue increased 10.7% compared with tthey fourth quarter of 2020 including an increase in revenue per patient day of 7.8% and an increase in patient days of 2.7%. Throughout ttheir year, we have remained focused on providing care with tthey higtheyst standards of safety for our patients and tthey communities we serve. We are fortunate to have an experienced and dedicated team of employees and clinicians across our operations who have continued to provide quality patient care for those seeking treatment for mental theyalth and substance use issues. We are extremely proud of our team of employees for ttheyir unwavering support of our patients under extraordinary conditions. Our strong results reflect our ability to manage our operations and execute our growth strategy, despite a challenging environment. As we have managed through tthey global pandemic, we have seen a greater societal acceptance of treatment for mental theyalth and substance use issues and tthey demand for our services remains very strong across all of our service lines. Acadia is uniquely positioned and our diversified service lines offer treatment options across all areas of behavioral theyalth, including those with acute psychiatric needs, substance use disorders, eating disorders and co-occurring disorders while treating patients of all ages. Our expansive network of treatment facilities and options, across tthey country, enable greater access to care, allowing us to serve tthey diverse needs of patients while maintaining a keen focus on tthey individual's needs. Tthey fourth quarter of 2021 was very active with respect to key strategic initiatives across our service lines to support sustained long-term growth and address tthey unmet demand for behavioral theyalth services. In tthey fourth quarter, we added 13 beds to our existing facilities, bringing our total to 295 bed additions in 2021, extending our strong track record with almost 900 beds added over tthey past three years. We also acquired tthey real estate for three non-operational facilities, which are located on tthey north side of Chicago Illinois. Prior to reopening Acadia will make infrastructure investments to improve tthey behavioral theyalth facilities, which will operate as Montrose Behavioral Health Hospital. Tthey 60-bed children's hospital and outpatient facility are expected to open in tthey summer of 2022 and tthey 101-bed adult hospital is slated to begin operations in 2023. Ttheir is an exciting opportunity for Acadia to enter tthey greater Chicago area and address tthey significant need for behavioral theyalth services for adults and children. We continue to expand our network of compretheynsive treatment centers, which are designed to address tthey growing and critical need for medication-assisted treatment for patients dealing with opioid use disorder. During tthey fourth quarter, we opened five CTCs, bringing tthey total number to 10 CTCs opened in 2021. During tthey fourth quarter, we were pleased to announce three new joint ventures expanding our market reach to 16 partnerships. Each of our partners, conduct a thorough and competitive process. We are chosen as ttheyir partner, because of our strong proven track record reputation for high-quality care, experience in behavioral theyalth and our knowledge in constructing new behavioral theyalth hospitals. We collaborate with our partners to meet tthey needs of tthey system and tthey communities that ttheyy serve. Additionally, it is important to our partners that our mission, values and culture align with ttheyirs. Our latest partners include Fairview Health Services, one of Minnesota's leading theyalth systems to build a new hospital with 144 beds in tthey Twin Cities area; SCL Health, a premier theyalthcare system in Colorado, for a new 144-bed facility in tthey Denver area; and Orlando Health, one of Central Florida's premier theyalth systems, to expand inpatient and outpatient programs and community outreach. We also continue to expand our operations in high-growth markets through select acquisitions that meet tthey criteria of our disciplined capital allocation framework. On December 31, 2021 we completed tthey acquisition of CenterPointe Behavioral Health System tthey largest dedicated behavioral theyalthcare provider in tthey state of Missouri. Tthey acquired assets consists of four inpatient hospitals and 10 outpatient locations. CenterPointe is an attractive acquisition opportunity because of its growth projects and ottheyr initiatives in place and its existing footprint in Missouri which is a state that requires a CON. Ttheir transaction is consistent with our growth strategy and we look forward to pursuing additional acquisition opportunities for Acadia in tthey year atheyad. Through our facility expansions de novo's joint ventures and acquisitions we have added 681 beds to Acadia's network in 2021. We also see significant growth opportunities to expand tthey continuum of care by adding outpatient services. In 2021 we added 28 compretheynsive outpatient services including partial hospital and intensive outpatient at our acute and specialty facilities. Our success in 2021 confirms tthey strength of our operating model and our ability to execute our growth strategy. We are encouraged by tthey favorable trends in our business and believe we are well positioned to capitalize on tthey expected growth in demand for Behavioral Health Services. Ttheir pandemic has puttheyyd tthey need for mental theyalth and substance use treatment to tthey forefront. In a study publittheyyd in tthey Journal of tthey Lancet Regional Health tthey percentage of adults who experienced elevated depressive symptoms was 8.5% before tthey pandemic 27.8% in tthey early months of 2020 and approximately 33% in 2021. Tthey research has noted that tthey outcomes are notably different than those observed after ottheyr national crisis. Typically, ttheyy would expect depression to peak following tthey traumatic event and ttheyn lower over time. Instead, ttheyy found that 12 months into tthey pandemic levels of depression remained high. As always our primary mission is to support tthey patients and communities we serve. We will continue to focus on providing high-quality patient care, while extending our market reach and advancing our position as a leading behavioral theyalthcare provider. I would also like to provide a brief update on tthey CEO transition. As you know I extended my retirement date to March 31. While I look forward to my retirement and continuing my role on tthey Board, I remain committed to working closely with tthey management team and Board to ensure a smooth CEO transition. Tthey Board has conducted a thorough and highly selective search process. We hope that we will have an announcement soon and look forward to updating you. We will not make any furttheyr comments on tthey CEO search on today's call. Now I will turn tthey call over to David Duckworth to discuss our financial results and 2022 guidance in more detail.  David Duckworth Thanks Debbie and good morning. Revenue for tthey fourth quarter was $593.5 million compared with $541.3 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2020. Tthey company recorded income of $17.9 million and $32.8 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2021 and 2020 respectively related to tthey provider relief fund establittheyyd by tthey CARES Act. Excluding ttheir income from tthey Provider Relief Fund, Acadia's adjusted EBITDA for tthey fourth quarter of 2021 was $138.2 million compared with $125.1 million for tthey same period last year and adjusted income attributable to Acadia stockholders per diluted share was $0.67. For tthey current period presented in our earnings release, adjusted income excludes transaction-related expenses. In 2021, we continue to strengttheyn our financial position and reduce our debt. Our balance ttheyyet remains strong with ample liquidity, flexibility and capital to support our growth strategy. On December 31, 2021, we completed tthey CenterPointe acquisition for cash consideration of approximately $139 million, which was funded through a combination of cash on hand and borrowings of $70 million under tthey company's revolving credit facility. As of December 31, 2021, Acadia had $133.8 million in cash and cash equivalents and $430 million available under our $600 million revolving credit facility both of which reflect tthey completion of tthey CenterPointe acquisition. Our net leverage ratio at tthey end of 2021 was approximately 2.4. During tthey fourth quarter, tthey company continued its repayment of amounts received pursuant to tthey Medicare Accelerated and Advanced Payment Program under tthey CARES Act. Of tthey $45 million of advanced payments received in 2020, tthey company repaid $25 million in 2021 including payments of $8.2 million in tthey fourth quarter. We will continue to repay tthey remaining balance throughout 2022. In September of 2021 we also repaid half of tthey approximately $39 million of 2020 payroll tax deferrals and we'll repay tthey remaining portion in tthey second half of 2022. Now turning to our guidance. As noted in our press release, we are providing guidance for tthey full year and first quarter of 2022. First for tthey full year 2022, our guidance includes revenue in a range of $2.550 billion to $2.600 billion; adjusted EBITDA in a range of $575 million to $610 million, adjusted earnings per diluted share in a range of $2.85 to $3.15, interest expense in a range of $65 million to $70 million a tax rate in a range of 25% to 26%, depreciation and amortization expense in a range of $120 million to $130 million, stock compensation expense of approximately $30 million, operating cash flows in a range of $350 million to $400 million, which includes $39 million in repayments of Medicare advanced payments and payroll tax deferrals; expansion capital expenditures in a range of $290 million to $340 million; and maintenance capital expenditures of approximately $50 million. And for tthey first quarter of 2022, our guidance includes revenue in a range of $600 million to $610 million, adjusted EBITDA in a range of $130 million to $135 million and adjusted earnings per diluted share in a range of $0.62 to $0.66. As a reminder ttheir guidance does not include tthey impact of any future acquisitions divestitures or transaction-related expenses. Our first quarter guidance considers tthey normal expected seasonality with volumes ramping up after tthey end of tthey year holidays and tthey higtheyr level of payroll taxes we incur at tthey beginning of tthey year. While our first quarter guidance reflects tthey impact of tthey Omicron variant on our patient volumes and staffing costs in January, it also reflects strong volume trends in tthey month of February. Our full year guidance represents our confidence in tthey business supported by favorable demand trends and a strong growth trajectory. As it relates to Acadia's growth in 2022 and beyond, we have previously shared Acadia's strategy that is centered around our distinct growth pathways that, we believe will provide additional opportunities for Acadia to reach more patients in new and existing markets and support tthey strong demand across, all of our service lines. First, we continue to believe that facility expansions are a key driver of our growth and represent tthey best return on investment. Wtheyn we add beds to an existing facility, we can meet tthey growth and demand in that particular market, but also leverage tthey existing facilities cost structure, which allows us to improve margins and profitability. We have a goal to add 300 beds through facility expansions ttheir year, and each year through 2024. We continue to identify opportunities to accelerate and add to ttheyse projects. An important growth objective for Acadia is to identify underserved markets for behavioral theyalth treatment and develop wholly-owned de novo facilities that theylp fill ttheir gap. Acadia has a strong record of success with six acute de novos and 21 CTC de novos opened since 2014. We believe ttheyre are approximately 100 markets with a significant need for inpatient psychiatric beds. In 2022, we expect to open two de novo inpatient facilities, which include tthey 60-bed Children's Hospital in Chicago, and an 80-bed facility in Indio California, along with six to 10 CTC locations. For years after 2022, we expect to open one to two inpatient de novos per year along with 6 to 10 CTCs. As a leading provider of Behavioral Health Services, we are especially proud to work with leading theyalth systems across tthey country, who are looking for a strong partner to theylp expand behavioral theyalth treatment options in ttheyir respective communities. For Acadia, ttheyse joint ventures provide market access that might not ottheyrwise be available and allow us to leverage our partners' establittheyyd reputation in tthey community and relationships with payers. Later ttheir year, we expect to open two new facilities through joint ventures with Covenant Health in Knoxville, Tennessee, and Luttheyran Health Network in Fort Wayne Indiana. We will continue to seek partnerships with premier theyalth systems, who share our commitment to expand access to quality care and behavioral theyalth treatment. In 2023 and 2024, we expect to furttheyr accelerate joint venture openings and open between four and five joint ventures per year. To summarize in 2022, we expect to add over 600 beds through approximately 300 bed additions to existing facilities, opening two inpatient de novos and two facilities with JV partners and also open six to 10 CTC locations. In 2023 and 2024, we expect to accelerate our bed additions by opening between 800 and 1,100 beds per year. We are very proud of tthey visibility that we have into our growth, for tthey next several years, which will enable us to meet tthey robust demand for our diversified services. Through, our investment in our business, our focus on cost management initiatives and our disciplined capital allocation strategy, we expect to achieve a 10% EBITDA growth rate over tthey next several years. Ttheir is supported by tthey strong industry demand, our proven operating model, our financial strength, and our ability to deliver greater value for our patients, tthey communities we serve and our stakeholders. With that, Grant, we are ready to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Brian Tanquilut Hey, good morning and congratulations to you guys. I guess Debbie, my first question for you. Obviously, a lot of concern about tthey labor market and what it looks like especially for behavioral providers. So if we could just address that? I mean what are you seeing? How you're thinking about tthey labor environment going forward? And how should we be thinking about. Obviously, you had good margin performance ttheir past quarter. How should we be thinking about that? Thanks. Debbie Osteen Well, I think we are in a tight labor environment. And I think we've been dealing with that for some time, certainly throughout all of 2021. I do think that some markets are impacted more than ottheyrs. And we have been able to manage through tthey challenges, I think in 2021 with all of tthey waves that we saw in tthey early fall and ttheyn into December, tthey team has done I think a very good job of demonstrating that we can manage those labor challenges without restricting our growth. I think we've done a few things that I think made a lot of sense and have made tthey difference. And one of those is having a centralized recruiting team that supports our facilities. So as we see needs ttheyn we have a real-time data that we know what we need at each facility, we are able to mobilize that team and ttheyy have been successful in recruiting and ttheyy were successful in recruiting even though December was a very challenging time with Omicron and absences, but tthey team continued to recruit. And I think tthey ottheyr part of what we tried to focus on and we've done that consistently is making sure that we are retaining employees. So we've done a lot ttheir past year to onboard and ottheyr programs that we've implemented across tthey company to ensure that wtheyn we do recruit an individual that ttheyy stay with us. And I think that ttheyre's things that are important to our staff. Certainly, monetary and money is important, but also tthey environment and safety and flexibility and those elements we also have focused on as we think about how to retain our good staff. So it's a tight market Brian, but I think we've shown that we have tthey right process and we see that in 2022, we've already seen that through January that we can recruit staff and we plan to retain ttheym and we're very optimistic that we can weattheyr any challenges that might present. Brian Tanquilut I appreciate that. And ttheyn Debbie, tthey drug distributors just signed ttheyir settlement or agreed to tthey settlement with tthey states on opioid stuff. And ttheyre's a lot of discussion about distributing those dollars for opioid addiction treatment. So just curious, if you're theyaring anything from your state yet in terms of what that benefit or how that benefit would trickle down to providers such as you guys? Debbie Osteen Yes. I mean, we were pleased to see that tthey settlement actually did get settled. And we have been involved even prior to ttheir last week with our states. And we've been talking to ttheym about what's important. And as everyone knows we are in a crisis situation and ttheyre have been over 100,000 deaths of individuals. So what we are focused on with tthey states is expanding coverage and also service expansion, ottheyr ways to deliver care workforce development, tracking outcomes and ottheyr things that we can do to demonstrate that we're effective in what we offer to our patients. I do think that it is going to be a process. Each state is allowed freedom. But ttheyre are certain, few things that are stipulated in tthey settlement. And that is that ttheyse funds have to be used for opioid treatment and preventative and so ttheyy can't be used for ottheyr things within tthey state which I think is positive. And so what we're doing is just making sure our voice is theyard, our lobbies are engaged. And ttheyn also our leaders in tthey CTC division have been very active in talking with state officials and ottheyrs that will make decisions about how tthey money gets distributed. Brian Tanquilut Awesome. Thank you guys. Debbie Osteen Thank you Operator Our next question comes from A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. A.J. Rice Hi everybody. And best wittheyys to again, Debbie. We get to say that two calls in a row. Ttheyre's a lot of development activity that you're doing new beds addition JVs. You've got tthey CTC expansions. Can you just remind us on those different avenues of growth? What is tthey start-up cost typically? How long does it take us -- take to get to a mature margin, or contribution on those? Maybe if you could just walk through. And I'm assuming but I'll ask you to confirm that you have factored all that development into your guidance for 2022 that that is reflected in tthey outlook you've offered last night. David Duckworth  A.J. yes, our 2022 guidance does assume some increase in our start-up losses over what we incurred in 2021. We factored in start-up losses in a range of $15 million to $20 million for those new facilities that opened ttheir year of which ttheyre are four, which is some growth over 2021's openings and we expect that to furttheyr accelerate going into 2023. Our goal is that our new facilities will be at breakeven by tthey end of ttheyir first year of operations and it will be at company level margins around tthey third year. Many times as we look at a joint venture project, we do set a faster ramp-up for that joint venture facility, given that we do have somewhat of a theyad start with relationships in tthey community through our partner with referral sources and with payers in that location. So we have seen some joint ventures ramp faster than a wholly-owned inpatient de novo. But our goal for all of those facilities is that ttheyy would be breakeven by tthey end of that first year. Losses can vary some from one new facility to anottheyr. But in general in that first year per facility tthey loss is in between $2.5 million to $4 million. And that -- like I said that $15 million to $20 million that we expect for ttheir year is factored into our guidance.  Debbie Osteen And A.J. I'd just say, we have a start-up team that is very engaged in making sure we're prepared before we open a facility. Ttheyy have done I think just a very good job in just looking at all tthey detail that goes in before, we get open to try and minimize that period of reaching breakeven. And I think, as David said with tthey JVs, as we leverage tthey relationship of our partner, we found that it does theylp reduce that time. Ttheyy very often will have beds that ttheyy are putting into tthey joint venture as well as staff and physicians. So that is favorable wtheyn you look at just getting a facility open and getting to a point wtheyre we are at breakeven.  A.J. Rice Okay. And just maybe my follow-up question. You had strong pricing ttheir quarter up 7.8% on revenue per patient day. I know that can be partly patient mix. It could be partly absolute year-to-year pricing. Can you just maybe talk about what you're seeing ttheyre?  Debbie Osteen Well, as we think about our reimbursement, we've been fortunate, because we have had some very strong rate increases in 2021. Our payers are supporting us and ttheyy're recognizing tthey services and tthey need for our services. We also have a component of service mix, which is our acute and larger specialty facilities have a higtheyr revenue per day. And ttheyy have represented a greater portion of tthey volume growth. Tthey demand is strong in both of those areas. We do have -- as we look at our payer mix if we -- as we've seen specialty it recovered early in 2021. We see more patients traveling to our specialized facilities. Those patients tend to be more commercial and ttheyy are covered by commercial payers. So, that has played a role in just tthey strong net revenue as well as some of our specialty programs we become even more specialized with opening new programs within our specialty hospitals. And again our payers recognize that that requires more intensity and also staff and ttheyy've been willing to give higtheyr rates for those services. A.J. Rice Okay, great. Thanks so much. Debbie Osteen Thank you, A.J. Operator Our next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Kevin Fischbeck All right. Great. Maybe just to clarify that last question ttheyre. How does tthey growth in CTC revenue impact kind of tthey revenue per day? Is that contributing to a higtheyr revenue per day because that revenue comes in without a day attactheyd to it, or is that broken out separately from that metric? David Duckworth Yes. Kevin any growth in our CTC revenue wtheyttheyr it's volume or pricing within that division does impact our revenue per day stat. And what we've seen is that since that division's growth rate is in line with our ottheyr service lines, it doesn't really have much of an impact on tthey metric. Wtheyre we could see an impact is if ttheyir growth rate is significantly different above or below tthey ottheyr service lines. But since it's pretty much in line with ottheyr service lines it does not have a significant impact on tthey metric currently.  Kevin Fischbeck So, you view that as a good representation of actual rate per day. David Duckworth Yes, along with tthey factors that Debbie mentioned around service mix, payer mix, and ttheyn of course tthey payer rate increases. Kevin Fischbeck Okay. And ttheyn just ottheyr question I have is that you guys announced a lot of construction ttheir year tthey CapEx guidance is up ttheir year but you're looking to accelerate that again going forward. Just want to make sure I understand. Do you guys believe that you're going to be able to fully fund that CapEx spending over tthey next couple of years through free cash flow, or would you have to potentially borrow some money to finance tthey big growth embedded to ads that you're expecting in tthey next couple of years?  David Duckworth Yes. Our outlook right now is even with some -- an increase in tthey expansion CapEx guidance for 2022 we should be able to fully fund that CapEx with cash flows as we've done in tthey past. And even looking out into tthey next years as those opportunities continue to grow we believe that we'll be able to fund those projects. And ttheyn of course, in tthey outer years, ttheyre would be a greater excess in free cash flow over those expansion CapEx investments. But for tthey next couple of years wtheyre we see that step up in CapEx occurring we do not expect to use our debt capacity that we currently have as those should be funded with free cash flows.  Kevin Fischbeck All right, excellent. Thank you. David Duckworth Thanks Kevin. Operator Our next question comes from Whit Mayo with SVB Leerink. Please go atheyad. Whit Mayo Hey thanks. Just a couple theyre. Maybe just on tthey development topic for a second. I mean I don't think that tthey demand side of tthey equation has changed or tthey industry has really changed but tthey velocity of tthey activity and tthey number of press releases that are coming out from you certainly has changed. I know you've added some resources internally Debbie. I don't know if that's having an impact or influence. But I don't know if you just had to kind of put your finger on theyre sort of like one to two key observations that we're making today that we think is driving ttheir level of increased engagement or activity what would you point us to?  Debbie Osteen Well, I do think our bed expansions. We see such a strong demand out in tthey markets that we're in. And it's a case that's brought from tthey team that's at tthey facility. And I think that ttheyy see patients certainly that and demand that we were our occupancy is pretty strong. And I think ttheyy see that ttheyre's tthey ability to add additional beds to our existing operations. So, that's a key factor. That's our best return. And with respect to tthey JVs, which we did announce three in tthey fourth quarter and we added six partners in 2021. I do think that tthey theyalth systems are looking for a solution to tthey mental theyalth issues and substances issues and ttheyy have ERs wtheyre people are staying too long. And so I think that that's been a driver. I have brought in a very strong team in that area. And Acadia has done a great job, in really communicating our track record. It stands for itself. And all of our potential partners visit our ottheyr partnerships, and ttheyy look at what we're doing and ttheyy talk to partners. So I do think that is a key factor, but it's really around a demand that's out ttheyre right now and just a greater acceptance with of just seeking theylp. So it's manifesting itself in ttheyse bed expansions, but also our partnerships tthey de novos wtheyre we see ttheyre are not enough beds to treat ttheyse patients. And ttheyn, as we were able to complete our transaction at tthey end of December for tthey beds in Missouri, we think that ttheyre are ottheyr providers out ttheyre right now that are not faring as well through all of ttheir. It's gone on now for -- as we all know several years. So we think ttheyre's opportunity ttheyre with. And I think a lot of ttheir has to do with tthey fact that, we have -- our leverage is low. We have tthey capacity to grow. We're thinking about it strategically now, what is tthey best use of our capital? Wtheyre should it be but tthey opportunities are really across all of our services. And we're fortunate because we have that diversification. But we also now have tthey ability to execute on that with our leverage wtheyre it is and ttheyn ttheir demand factor that's out in every part of tthey US.  Whit Mayo That's theylpful. Maybe just to follow-up. I don't think I theyard you specifically give any numbers around CenterPointe. I mean, I think we have an idea and ttheyre are some numbers in tthey public domain. But really, I'm looking for tthey expectation that you see around just tthey EBITDA contribution ttheir year and how that could potentially grow over time, as you implement some of your initiatives and synergy opportunities. David Duckworth  We are excited about that transaction Whit, and it met a lot of what we're looking for in an acquisition and does have opportunities for us to improve ttheyir margin and to bring on new beds and ottheyr growth projects that will really enhance tthey growth profile for those facilities and tie into what Acadia is doing in our existing facilities. We do believe ttheyre is improvement, as we integrate those facilities into Acadia, it's part of our guidance for tthey year having closed tthey acquisition on December 31. It does account for around 4% of our revenue growth. And ttheyir margins theirtorically, are I'll say well below tthey Acadia average margin. But we do think with tthey growth initiatives in place at those facilities and with tthey -- just what we bring in terms of tthey processes and platforms that we can implement throughout those facilities, we expect that over tthey first year and ttheyn continuing beyond that we should see improvement in those facilities margins.  Whit Mayo Well, let me just ask one follow-up question ttheyre. I mean, you said earlier David I think expect $15 million to $20 million of startup losses. Is it possible that CenterPointe, can absorb all of that half of that just maybe trying to think through what tthey overall impact will be ttheir year?  David Duckworth  Yes. Yes, Whit. I think as we theirtorically look at tthey business, kind of looking back at 2021, tthey acquired EBITDA is more in tthey range of $10 million. And as we think about wtheyre ttheyy should be exiting tthey year, we do think that ttheyy could grow to a run rate closer to $15 million by tthey end of tthey year, so somewtheyre in tthey $10 million to $15 million range would be our expectation in year one of that acquisition. Debbie Osteen And I do think, Whit, with CenterPointe, ttheyy had very concrete plans and actually had started executing on those plans, which we always like to see. It was not a pro forma of something that might happen, but it was happening. So we think that's going to feed very nicely into our bed expansions and even ottheyr opportunities to grow tthey continuum. Ttheyy have a very strong outpatient base and a very motivated team that is putting those programs in place. So it's one wtheyre it met all of our criteria that we've set, as we think about opportunity for M&A. Whit Mayo Great. Thanks for tthey time. Operator Our next question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. Pito Chickering Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I echo A.J.'s comment, to grasp and I guess, we'll see you soon steady, maybe 1Q, I guess, we'll see what happens. Going back to Brian's question on labor, difference between your results and your peers is pretty substantial. So a couple of, sort of, quick questions. Can you quantify your staff retention in fourth quarter and how it was in 2021? Can you quantify any acquisitions you hired in fourth quarter versus third quarter? And can you also refresh us on what percent of that could be in tthey fourth quarter due to contract labor versus overtime? And how ttheyy track versus 3Q, how we should think about that in 2022. David Duckworth Pito, our retention throughout 2021, including tthey fourth quarter has been stable. Ttheyre are markets that are different. It does vary by job category and by market, but we've had a very stable retention as we've gone through tthey year. And I do not have new hire metrics, but tthey last time I looked at that that's also been very stable along with our retention metrics. With respect to just our percentage of labor, we do have premium pay components to our labor that we use in certain markets, sometimes just temporarily, especially, if ttheyre's a higtheyr level of sick pay because of tthey pandemic. But that premium pay labor was consistent in tthey fourth quarter with wtheyre we trended earlier in tthey year. We do still see agency labor at around tthey 2% of our overall labor cost and tthey premium that's related to that agency labor has been consistent. It's about 2 times our base wage rates. Over time, anottheyr source of premium pay labor has also been very consistent. It's more like 5% of our labor. So we continue to do a great job at a local level, just finding staff to support tthey volume and tthey demand that we see across our markets and tthey premium component of our labor has been stable. Pito Chickering Okay. And ttheyn a follow-up question. During tthey pandemic, commercial payers generally managed on to stay as aggressively as ttheyy did prior to COVID. Just curious what behavior you're seeing from commercial payers managing like a stay, sort of, today versus 2019. And sort of as a follow-up on tthey pricing question, as you look at commercial revenue per day price increases in 2022, I guess, wtheyre does that fit relative to wtheyre it was in 2019? Thanks so much. Debbie Osteen Pito, we didn't really see a big change in tthey behavior from our commercial payers. We certainly have to follow a process of showing that ttheyre is a need for our services, whatever service that might be. And we did not see that really relaxed. In fact our length of stay has been fairly stable for our acute service line, it's been around nine days. And so I think that, we work I think in collaboration with our payers. Ttheyy're interested in high-quality service that's done in tthey right setting and we work very diligently to make sure that happens. So we didn't see a big pullback during tthey pandemic, at least, across our services with our payers, wtheyre ttheyy relax requirements. Medical necessity is still important to ttheym. And our clinicians and our teams at tthey facility level still have to show that that's in place. And I think ttheyy've done a good job of that. And we are -- we, from time to time, will see a little bit more acuity out among our facilities. But, overall, it's been pretty stable. Pito Chickering And ttheyn tthey commercial rate increases per day in 2022 versus 2019. Can you just theylp quantify that for us? Thanks so much. David Duckworth We continue Pito to work closely with our commercial payers, maintain good relationships. As you know, most of those are an in-network, long-standing relationship that we've had. And of course, tthey discussion regarding rate increases factors in just tthey value, tthey quality of tthey care that we provide across our markets and services and different programs. And I think our payers realize tthey importance of tthey services we provide and tthey pricing expectations really depend on tthey market, depending on tthey payer, tthey past increases that we may have seen. But on average, would be consistent with what we've seen theirtorically, which we would say is, in tthey 3% to 5% level. Many payers, it could be more than that. And it depends on a number of factors. But that pricing increase across our commercial payers on average has not really changed as we think about what tthey average was a couple of years ago. Pito Chickering Great. Thanks, so much guys. Operator Our next question comes from Andrew Mok with UBS. Please go atheyad. Andrew Mok Hi, good morning. Just a couple of follow-up questions. On labor, can you theylp us understand tthey different labor pressures between inpatient and specialty settings? And which setting are you seeing labor pressure and what's driving that difference? David Duckworth Yes Andrew, tthey -- we do believe that our diversified services and just tthey geographic diversification that we have has theylped us from a labor perspective. We do -- of course, we have all behavioral, but tthey components of our staffing can look different from one service line to anottheyr, wtheyre we may have for our acute service line, a greater percentage of nurses than in specialty. And in specialty, we may have a greater percentage of ttheyrapists and counselors as compared to acute. We wouldn't necessarily give a different metric or wage inflation for those service lines in total, because it does also depend on tthey geographic market. But we -- as we look back and reflect on tthey service lines we have and our ability to navigate a difficult labor environment, we do think it has theylped us to have, not only tthey service line diversification, but to be in tthey geographic markets that we're in. Andrew Mok And ttheyn just sort of a quick follow on tthey [indiscernible] quarter. Was ttheyre any benefit from state supplemental payments that you would call out? David Duckworth Yes. We have -- we did have one new program that was finalized and approved and ttheir was a new program in tthey state of Florida, tthey directed payments program implemented in that state and we did record sort of tthey full annual benefit of that program in our fourth quarter numbers and that was about a $4 million net benefit to tthey company. So in addition to a lot of tthey strong pricing and revenue per day trends that we've seen, we did have $4 million in tthey fourth quarter related to that program. And our guidance for next year does reflect tthey strong likelihood that that program will continue into 2022. And for 2022, it should not be something that we record in one quarter, tthey way we did theyre in ttheir first year is that, a program was implemented and effective for tthey first time. Ottheyr than that, we participate in any supplemental programs that we can across ottheyr states and many of those have been around for quite some time. Florida was tthey one in tthey fourth quarter that did provide some incremental benefit to us. Andrew Mok Got it. Thanks for tthey color. David Duckworth Thanks, Andrew. Debbie Osteen Thank you. Operator Our next question will come from Matttheyw Borsch with BMO. Please go atheyad. Matttheyw Borsch Yes. I'm just hoping that maybe you could just talk about how you're thinking about your long-term forecast for opioid treatment. I mean do you – based on tthey sources that you look at, do you see any sign of abatement in tthey forecast as you look at it? Debbie Osteen Well, as we look at tthey demand and just tthey prevalence right now of those using opioids, as we think about our states and we're in many of ttheym, we think that ttheyre is still a need for additional clinics and services. And I think that what's happened with tthey pandemic it's made real crisis even worse than it was before. We are seeing individuals that are seeking opioid treatment. And we're also I think seeing at tthey same time some very favorable trends in reimbursement. So Medicaid mandated tthey states to cover opioid treatment in October of 2020. And ttheyn in tthey first part of 2021, Medicare became effective for opioid treatment. So we're thinking about – we added tthey 10 clinics in 2021 because we do think ttheyre still is a big need for ttheyse treatment services. And we also see that continuing. And I think it's gotten even more – tthey crisis is worse than it was. Wtheyn you think about tthey 100,000 overdose deaths and tthey worsening of tthey epidemic, ttheyre's also fentanyl coming in now that has caused some of ttheir but it's really – it's an increase in deaths of over 30%. As we look across our stage, we believe ttheyre are opportunities to add our services. We provide a very robust I think service offering, which we have individuals and demand that is growing every year. And so we – as we look atheyad we don't see that abating. And we will continue to add clinics ttheyre. We do have less capital involved wtheyn we do so, and we have a very strong team and ttheyy have a lot of experience. We're tthey largest provider. So we see it as a good opportunity to add in states. We're pretty careful about wtheyre we put our clinics not every state reimburses at tthey same level. Ttheyre is some variation. But overall we think that as ttheir crisis is happening and getting worse that we're in a good position and we'll continue to add to that service line. Matttheyw Borsch And maybe just on a similar note on tthey long-term planning as you talked about 100 new markets, if I understood your comment, can you generalize at all about what characterizes tthey new markets and how you screen ttheym? Debbie Osteen Well as we look at de novo builds and yes, ttheyre are 100 markets that we believe are underbedded. We have some very clear criteria of what we look for. And we do a lot of front-end work to make sure that it is a market that yes, it's underbedded but also has ottheyr factors that are present. We look certainly at reimbursement. We want to make sure that we can enter a market and have staff availability. We look at construction costs. Some states differ in what a bed cost to build. So usually, fortunately, if it costs more to build a bed, tthey reimbursement is stronger. So all of that is contemplated. We have a very – I think it's a very robust process around that now of just wtheyre we're building and what makes tthey most sense. So we would not suggest that we are going to build in 100 of those markets but ttheyre are a number of markets that we've identified in our process. We meet every couple of weeks just on that on de novos, wtheyre we are how – what are tthey steps and tthey team on tthey operations side are very engaged in making sure that we can get atheyad because ttheyre is a process involved wtheyn you build a hospital and steps that have to take place. But we think that's a real opportunity for us to grow based on tthey strong demand. Matttheyw Borsch All right. Thank you and congratulations. Debbie Osteen Thank you. Operator Our last question today comes from Bruce James with Barclays. Please go atheyad. Bruce James Hi. Thanks for squeezing me in. Can you talk a little bit about, how you're viewing seasonality for ttheir year? Are you assuming any sort of improvement in tthey labor market or availability of labor in tthey second half? David Duckworth Bruce, we of course factored some seasonality into our first quarter which is very typical for what we've seen in tthey past around tthey holidays and payroll taxes. And ttheyn, ttheir year tthey greater number of cases in January, from tthey Omicron variant. We mentioned that we've really seen a return to tthey strong trends in February. So, that is factored into our guidance. Outside of our first quarter seasonality, we do not see a lot of seasonality later in tthey year. We see some in tthey fourth quarter just around tthey end of tthey year holidays. But we do think that, Q2 and Q3 are very similar. As it relates to labor, we do think that tthey labor environment that we see now will continue, through a lot of tthey year. Maybe in tthey second half of tthey year, we could get some moderation in some of tthey premium pay and ottheyr things that we've seen which in our minds are very closely correlated to just COVID cases and replacing employees that are out. But ottheyr than some moderation especially around premium pay, we think that tthey labor environment will be pretty stable throughout tthey year. Bruce James Great. And tthey cost-saving initiatives that you guys flagged earlier for driving long-term 10% growth. Can you give us a little color on what those are? And if any of that opportunity is reflected in tthey 2022 numbers? David Duckworth Well, we identified some cost savings targets, I guess, 2.5 years ago and realized most of that $20 million by early 2020. And our team facility, corporate, a new procurement team that we establittheyyd has done an outstanding job sustaining those savings and having programs in place to really manage a lot of our purchasing at a facility and a corporate level. So those savings have been sustained. And ttheyre's an ongoing focus on what ottheyr efficiencies and savings can we identify. None of that is really factored in directly into our 2020 guidance. In ottheyr words, we did not set externally a new target, but it's really become embedded in tthey way we approach operations, tthey way we manage our cost according to tthey patient volumes that we see. We do have some margin improvement, that's reflected in our guidance relating to our same facility group, around 50 basis points of margin improvement for that group. And that of course does reflect efficiencies from our volume growth, but also, just an ongoing focus from tthey operations team around cost management. Debbie Osteen And Bruce, I'll just add to what David said. We put in a real disciplined framework around tthey facilities and utilizing our scale and tthey size of tthey company. We changed purchasing groups a couple of years ago. And tthey number of facilities taking advantage of that resource and tthey pricing that comes with it has gone up pretty dramatically. And I think, ttheyy can see as we experience some of ttheyse inflationary issues with food and ottheyr things that we're in a good place and we have a good framework. So we're – that's anottheyr area that, we meet regularly on which is really to make sure that, we're identifying ways to use our scale and in our contracting and ottheyr pricing, because we are a big operator and we want to take advantage of that size as we deal with our various contractors and ottheyr vendors. Bruce James Congratulations again, Debbie. Debbie Osteen Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Debbie Osteen for any closing remarks. Debbie Osteen Before we end tthey call, I would like to say that, it has been my great privilege to play a part in tthey extraordinary efforts of tthey more than 20,000 mental theyalth clinicians, nurses, physicians and staff, who have theylped patients in need gain hope and stay on tthey path towards recovery and theyaling. Ttheir opportunity has truly been tthey higtheyst of my career and a highlight for me. I'm proud of our team, and what we've accomplittheyyd since I joined Acadia in December of 2018. Over tthey last three years, I have witnessed tthey remarkable commitment from all of Acadia's dedicated employees, under tthey most trying circumstances. I've been rewarded every day knowing that, our work is improving and saving lives. Acadia is well positioned to continue implementing and executing our strategy, and our growth pathways, solidifying our position as tthey largest stand-alone behavioral theyalth care company in tthey US. I look forward to continuing my role on tthey Board. Thanks again for being with us today, and for your interest in Acadia Healthcare. If you have additional questions today, please do not theysitate to contact us directly. Have a good day. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.