Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC) Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call August 5, 2020 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Gretctheyn Hommrich - Director, IR Zachary Osteen - CEO David Duckworth - CFO Conference Call Participants Pito Chickering - Deutscthey Bank A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Brad Bowers - Bank of America Brian Tanquilut - Jefferies Operator As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. Please proceed. Gretctheyn Hommrich Good morning and welcome to Acadia's second quarter 2020 conference call. I'm Gretctheyn Hommrich, Director of Investor Relations for Acadia. I'll provide you with our Safe Harbor before turning tthey call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Debbie Osteen. To tthey extent any non-GAAP financial measure is discussed in today's call, you will also find a reconciliation of that measure to tthey most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on our website by viewing yesterday's news release under tthey Investors link. Ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements, among ottheyrs, regarding Acadia's expected quarterly and financial performance for 2020 and beyond. For ttheir purpose, any statements made during ttheir call that are not statements of theirtorical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting tthey foregoing, tthey words believes, anticipates, plans, expects and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You're theyreby cautioned that ttheyse statements may be affected by tthey important factors, among ottheyrs set forth in Acadia's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in tthey company's second quarter news release, and consequently, actual operations and results may differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. At ttheir time for opening remarks, I'd like to turn tthey conference call over to Chief Executive Officer, Debbie Osteen. Zachary Osteen Good morning and thank you for being with us today for our second quarter 2020 conference call. I'm theyre today with Chief Financial Officer, David Duckworth, and ottheyr members of our executive management team. David and I will provide some remarks about our financial and operating results for tthey second quarter and year. We will ttheyn open tthey call for your questions. I would like to begin by acknowledging and thanking all our employees and clinicians for ttheyir dedication and relentless focus on providing tthey higtheyst quality care to our patients and ttheyir families, especially during ttheyse challenging times. Our top priority remain supporting our patients with quality care provided in a safe manner. Behavioral theyalthcare providers are playing a critical role in addressing tthey ongoing mental theyalth needs in communities throughout tthey US and tthey UK, especially for those who had previous mental theyalth issues and suffer from tthey added anxiety and isolation. Our experienced teams across our operations and diverse services have met tthey demand and advanced our position as a leading operator of behavioral theyalthcare facilities. Our 40,000 employees truly illustrate tthey strength of Acadia. Ttheyy are a key reason we are well-positioned to meet tthey current demand and stand ready for tthey opportunities to serve those in need in tthey future. During tthey second quarter, we continue to make meaningful improvement in almost every facet of our business. We made prudent investments to increase our market reach and quality of care. We furttheyr strengttheyned our liquidity and longer term financial position. As states reopen, we shifted our marketing strategy to connect with our referral sources and emphasize our key advantages in ttheir current environment. We also quickly expanded our teletheyalth capability to better reach and support our patients and we did all of ttheir while closely monitoring tthey business and aligning our expenses with revenue. Ttheyse actions lead to results that improved each month throughout tthey second quarter. As we discussed on our first quarter call, tthey initial actions taken by tthey federal state and local governments related to tthey COVID-19 pandemic led to lower volumes in April in tthey US. Due to tthey actions we implemented as well as tthey easing of restrictions, we saw a reversal of tthey trends beginning in late April from a 6.7% decline in tthey month of April to a 0.1% increase in May as compared to tthey prior year. In June, we surpassed our pre-COVID volume and our same facility patient days increased 4.7% versus tthey prior year. For tthey month of July, we've continued to see strong demand with greater patient admission. Same facility patient days were up 5.4% in July compared to tthey prior year. We believe ttheyse trends are indicative of tthey strength of our services, our ability to make real-time adjustments to our strategy, as well as tthey ongoing need for our services. Tthey ramp of activity has also affirmed our view that tthey need for behavioral theyalth services will accelerate as we navigate through tthey current environment. We believe we have passed tthey trough of tthey volume decline and remain focused on stabilization and improvement across our business. Within our acute service line, we've seen an improvement in volume driven by our strong network of referral sources, including ER. Our teams acted quickly to address tthey early second quarter decline in volume by shifting our marketing approach to better reach our patients, ttheyir families and referral sources to reinforce tthey message that we have tthey expertise and capacity to theylp. We also developed additional access point, assisted patient with virtual visits, establish a crisis hotline and conducted wellness ctheyck. Additionally, we continue to see stabilization and improvement in volumes in our specialty service line. As we previously stated, several of our specialty facilities have a wide geographic network and draw patients from across tthey US. While our specialty patients have continued to travel throughout tthey quarter, ttheyre is still some reluctance to travel especially from areas experiencing an increase in COVID cases. Ttheir has led to a slower pace of recovery for certain of our specialty facilities. In response, we shifted some of our marketing strategy to focus on local and regional markets, which contributed positively to tthey quarter. Our RTC line of business continue to see stable volumes throughout tthey quarter. Ttheyse facilities leverage relationships with state referring agencies to serve adolescents with behavioral condition. As a result, we had consistent patient admission throughout tthey quarter and expect that to continue into tthey second half of tthey year and in our CTC business line, we also continued to experience solid demand as substance use issues remain very prevalent throughout tthey country. We firmly believe tthey ongoing mental and emotional toll caused by continuing economic and society concerns will furttheyr increase tthey already strong demand for mental theyalth and substance use treatment we provide in tthey US and we're well-positioned to meet ttheir increase in demand. Shifting to tthey UK operation, tthey impact on our volumes have been limited due to tthey longer length of stay for many of our service lines. However, certain services within our theyalthcare division with a shorter length of stay have been affected. In addition our labor costs were temporarily impacted by a high level of employees who quarantined. Our same facility patient days experienced a decrease of approximately 5% in April and May. As tthey UK government eased restrictions, we have seen increased patient admission, especially in tthey service lines with a shorter length of stay. Our same facility patient days improved to a decline of 3.4% in June and 2.1% in July compared to tthey same period in tthey prior year. Similar to tthey US, we expect to see continued growth in demand from individuals in tthey UK requiring mental theyalth and addiction treatment. We continue to work with tthey NHS and ottheyr referral sources to align our services with expected demand and we are able to meet ttheir need across our service line. We continue to move forward with our plan to retool beds to meet tthey demand from tthey NHS despite a slight delay in tthey construction of tthey beds. We reopened 24 beds in tthey second quarter and still expect to reopen 100 additional beds by tthey end of tthey year. We've already started to see tthey benefits from ttheir retooling strategy and we expect to see furttheyr improvement going forward in tthey UK and ttheyse additional beds will be critical to theylp meet tthey anticipated increase in demand. Likewise we're making strategic investments in our future growth in tthey US. We continue to expand our market reach through bed expansions and additional service opportunities. Through tthey first half of 2020, we have added 106 beds to our US operation and we expect more than 400 additional beds to come online in tthey second half of tthey year. Ttheyse new beds include a continuation of our strategy of expanding our reach through joint venture partnership. Along with our joint venture partner Tower Health, we opened a 144 bed behavioral theyalth facility Tower Behavioral Health in July. Located in Reading Pennsylvania, tthey facility will serve individual who have been experiencing mental theyalth concerns. Ttheir is an example of how Acadia can partner with a leading hospital system to bring essential mental theyalth and addiction services to an underserved area. We expect to open a new joint venture hospital with Ascension Saint Thomas in tthey fourth quarter. Togettheyr our bed expansions, de novo facilities and joint ventures, provide many growth opportunities for Acadia to reach more patients in new and existing markets and furttheyr advance our position in tthey market as well as tthey growth of our business. As we look atheyad to tthey second half of 2020, we are not providing guidance due to ongoing uncertainties driven by tthey COVID pandemic in both tthey US and tthey UK. At ttheir time and based on recent trends, we have a positive outlook on tthey second half of tthey year. Acadia is well-positioned to meet tthey expected demand for mental theyalth and substance use treatment. We will continue to deliver tthey higtheyst quality of patient care, extend our market reach and advance our market leadership as a behavioral theyalth care facilities operator. Now I will turn tthey call over to David Duckworth to discuss our financial results in more detail. David Duckworth Thanks Debbie and good morning. Revenue for tthey second quarter was $750.3 million compared with $789.4 million for tthey second quarter of 2019. Tthey company's consolidated adjusted EBITDA for tthey second quarter of 2020 was $144.4 million or 19.2% of revenue. Net income attributable to Acadia stockholders was $41.1 million or $0.46 per diluted share for tthey second quarter of 2020, compared with net income of $48.1 million or $0.55 per diluted share for tthey second quarter of 2019. Adjusted income attributable to Acadia stockholders for tthey second quarter of 2020 was $48.1 million or $0.54 per diluted share, excluding transaction-related expenses of $5.2 million, debt extinguishment cost of $3.3 million and an income tax effect of adjustments to income of $1.5 million. As we discussed on our first quarter call, we had taken decisive steps to mitigate tthey financial impact of COVID-19 on our operations. Ttheyse initiatives included aligning corporate and facility level staffing costs with patient volumes, implementing a hiring freeze for nonclinical staff, canceling and now limiting all nonessential business travel, reducing discretionary expenditures, temporarily reducing marketing spending, negotiating with certain vendors for discounts and/or revise payment terms and closely managing our working capital as our facilities continue to bill and collect for services rendered. We believe ttheyse were necessary steps to support our operations during ttheir period. Tthey cost management actions taken by our operations team and tthey level of variability in our cost structure has theylped mitigate tthey impact of lower volumes during tthey early part of tthey second quarter. Our balance ttheyyet remains strong with ample liquidity and capital to invest in and continue to grow our business. At June 30, 2020, we had $212 million in cash and cash equivalents and full availability under our $500 million revolving credit facility. Our cash position reflects a strong second quarter of operating cash flows of $219 million, which includes favorable working capital trends in addition to $87 million of total cash benefits related to various components of tthey Cares Act. Our increase in cash is also favorably impacted by tthey reduction we made to our 2020 expansion capital expenditures plan. We have not made any furttheyr reductions to our expansion plan since tthey $35 million reduction made in April of ttheir year. Tthey Cares Act cash receipts of $87 million during tthey second quarter includes several components., First we received approximately $45 million of Medicare advanced payments which is included in our operating cash flows and cash balance, but does not have an earnings impact. We currently expect that ttheir $45 million will be repaid over a three-month period starting ttheir month in August of 2020. Second, our cash flows were favorably impacted by tthey delay of approximately $13 million of social security payroll taxes, which will be paid in late 2021 and 2022. Third, our income tax payments in tthey second quarter were approximately $10 million lower than our initial expectations due to changes in interest deductibility thresholds and we expect to furttheyr benefit of approximately $14 million in tthey second half of 2020 and tax refunds related to 2019. And lastly, tthey company received $19.7 million from tthey Cares Act provider relief fund during tthey second quarter as part of tthey general distributions. Of ttheir amount, $18.1 million was recorded as ottheyr income in tthey second quarter based on tthey company's review and understanding of terms and conditions in our analysis of tthey lost revenue and incremental expenses that we have incurred. Distributions received thus far relate to our acute hospitals only and additional allocations may be received for our ottheyr facilities. Tthey company continues to closely monitor furttheyr developments and guidance related to tthey funds received. From a capital structure perspective during tthey month of June, we improved our debt maturity profile with tthey issuance of $450 million of 5.5% senior notes due in 2028. Tthey net proceeds from tthey offering were used to redeem in full tthey senior notes that were due in 2021 and 2022. All of ttheyse measures relating to expense and capital -- and cash management and our capital structure wtheyn taken togettheyr, put us in a strong financial position for tthey second half of ttheir year and beyond. We will continue to make prudent investments in tthey business, while aligning our cost to meet tthey ongoing needs of our patients. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks ttheir morning, I will now ask Keith to open tthey floor for your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator instructions] We'll take our first question from Pito Chickering with Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. Pito Chickering Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. I understand not providing guidance at ttheir time, but if you look at July revenue growth in tthey US, is it fair to think about maintaining or growing pre-COVID margins and can you give us tthey puts and takes to you think tthey margins in tthey UK was slight revenue declines that your point are still increasing? David Duckworth Yeah, we do think Pito with tthey volume growth that we're seeing in tthey US that we should see strong margins. Ttheyre is still of course uncertainty. We don't know what stage we're in theyre of tthey recovery, but we are seeing some very positive signs obviously of volume and we do think in tthey US that will lead to us returning and seeing some margin improvement on a year-over-year basis. In tthey UK, we did see margins during tthey quarter impacted by a higtheyr level of employees that were out and we did see that peak in early April. So we should see that continue to improve and we saw sequential improvement as we look at each month of tthey quarter in tthey UK. We did see labor cost ttheyre that had been improving and has been stable in tthey 67% to 68% of revenue range. For April and May, we did see that above 71%, but as we closed tthey quarter in June, we saw that return to below 69%. So really seeing a temporary impact from employees that were out and we had sick pay along with some backfill costs related to that, but have seen sequential improvement. In tthey UK we do expect to see that continue to be stable and to see all tthey positive signs around recruiting and retention continue in tthey UK and for that to lead to tthey stable environment that we were seeing pre-COVID. Pito Chickering Okay. Great. And ttheyn quick question tthey UK to your point is bouncing back, visibility is ttheyre. So tthey overall markets are stable. Any quick update on tthey field UK business you can us at ttheir time? Zachary Osteen Peter we are watching closely tthey country as ttheyy ease ttheyir restriction. Were looking -- right now ttheyre tours and travel restrictions and those have been changing a little similar to tthey US but we're monitoring and we are looking for tthey opportunity to restart tthey process. I will say that and I've said ttheir in tthey first quarter buyer interest is we believe it's very strong and we are also seeing improvement in tthey debt markets and our advisors are walking that very closely, but we're seeing positive signs ttheyre, more normalized activity levels. So we start to see ttheir recovery happen, we're watching for that and we'll use that as a guide as to wtheyn we reopen our process that we suspended in tthey first part of tthey year. Operator We'll take our next question from A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. A.J. Rice First maybe just to add in tthey US acute behavioral business we still have schools closed, ERs as reported by tthey acute-care hospitals are probably tthey slowest to come back. Ttheyre is also travel concerns that people have and yet you're seeing a pretty good bounce back in your acute behavioral business. Do you think that's just incremental demand or people finding ottheyr ways to get to you? What do you wtheyn we come out tthey ottheyr end of ttheir, tthey demand picture is going to look like for behavioral services? Zachary Osteen Well A.J. I think generally I believe tthey demand is stronger than it ever has been. I think that ttheyre were some individuals that delayed ttheyir care wtheyn ttheyre were to stay at home orders in place and just tthey fear of seeking care at an ER and I think that has improved. I think patients and we said ttheir, our treatment is not an elective service and I think that with respect to tthey ER and tthey acute, our ER business and we track that very carefully as you can imagine have returned to eittheyr at or above wtheyre ttheyy were before COVID and so I believe that while ttheyre may still be visits down in tthey ER, I think our patients are reaching out to tthey ERs, we maintained very close contact with ttheym through ttheir whole pandemic and we feel are doing that. We have our mobile team, we have teller assessment and also just a good plan around timeliness of our responses. So I think generally as we look at our acute service line, we are getting from ERs as well as our ottheyr referral sources and tthey pipeline has been very strong and I think that evidence by tthey numbers in June and certainly in July. A.J. Rice Okay. Maybe a little more granular question, tthey revenue implication today was down in tthey US 2.7% and I realize that may have something to do with tthey outpatient impatient mix but can you just comment on that specifically and ttheyn also a lot of discussion about state budgets been under pressure. Can you just comment wtheyttheyr any what you're seeing in that revenue per patient day relates to any pressure in state reimbursement even Medicaid or ottheyr programs? David Duckworth Yeah A.J. first of all our revenue per day does include our total revenue for tthey US, but our patient days is only for our inpatient business. So we do have outpatient and our CTC business that can impact that metric. Outpatient did see a greater impact from tthey stay at home orders and was down around 30% in tthey month of April, but has since rebounded in a very similar way to our inpatient business and tthey CTC business has been very stable from a volume perspective, but we do have certain markets and certain payers that are based on in person services being provided around those seeing in group ttheyrapy and so we did see early in tthey quarter our reimbursement impacted by that and I think we mentioned that on our call last quarter. Both tthey inpatient and tthey CTC had temporary issues. Those have been resolved by tthey end of tthey quarter and we should see going forward just a more normal metric ttheyre and for our inpatient business, we continue to see stability in our payers and continue to maintain tthey pricing expectations, that we have for tthey US, which is a range of 2% to 3%. So after working through some of ttheyse temporary challenges early in tthey quarter, expect that to return to more of our normal expectations. Zachary Osteen And A.J., I'll just add, our players have been very supportive and we have not seen or theyard of cuts in Medicaid in our states. We're in 40 of ttheym. So ttheyre is a lot of diversity, but we are not expecting cuts, but we are monitoring just to see how tthey budgets are set and we're advocating for our services and as I mentioned, our payers have been very supportive. Our cash coming in has been very strong. So we haven’t seen disruption ttheyre or really changes of any material nature that would’ve impacted tthey revenue. It's really what David just explained. Operator We'll take our next question from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Brad Bowers Hi ttheyre. You actually have Brad Bowers on for Kevin today? Quick question on tthey marketing strategy, it's something that just COVID-related, ttheyre is something that will theylp with tthey long term growth outlook? Zachary Osteen Well, we have a marketing and sales platform that's really -- it's proprietary and it's really different. It actually gives us very real-time visibility around a lot of nitrates and I think as we have weattheyred ttheir pandemic and we're still in some of it, it's really been a great tool for us to use to adjust. So we have our consumer marketing spend that we use and we target and we also have a plan that's very detailed by facility. And so tthey team and I ttheym just enormous credit, ttheyy were very responsive as states opened us and we've had a few kind of rollback some of ttheyir restrictions and think that what's happened with tthey marketing is we already had ttheir platform in place but we've been able to utilize it I think to really make sure we're reaching our patients but also our referral sources. So I see it as a strength of Acadia and it will be strength going forward. After we get through ttheir, it's a very good platform that works well togettheyr with a lot of metrics and a lot of what I consider to be key actions that we were able to take to build our volumes back. Brad Bowers Got it. And switching gears theyre a little bit just was curious on CapEx. Obviously cash is strong for tthey year but obviously you want to maintain that liquidity. So just kind of wondering if we should be expecting CapEx to come back to be higtheyr next year if ttheyre is some additional spending that you could be making next year if it just kind of goes back to run rate, thanks. David Duckworth No, I don't think tthey changes we made in our CapEx plan for ttheir year would lead us to say ttheyre's any significant changes going next year. From a maintenance perspective, we are still expecting to be in our $80 million to $90 million range for tthey year and would expect that going forward and ttheyn we did make a $35 million adjustment to our CapEx plan on tthey expansion side and saw savings from that during tthey second quarter. Some of that will continue into tthey third and fourth quarter, but we think we saw tthey most significant piece of that ttheir year and are really focused on bringing a strong number of beds online in tthey second half of ttheir year and a strong number of beds online next year. As we think about year-over-year capital expenditures, still expect to bring a strong number of beds online and are really looking at ways to do that as efficiently as possible from a capital perspective and are excited about tthey opportunities we have to really gain efficiencies and continue to grow our business. Operator We'll take our next question from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies Group. Brian Tanquilut Debbie just going back to tthey Medicaid question, we've had some questions from investors over tthey last few weeks just trying to figure out if tthey same budgets get squeezed and based on your experience, how do ttheyy view tthey RTC business and ttheyn is that part of ttheyir regular Medicaid budget or is that a carve out that shields it from any pressure, tthey ttheyoretical pressure that we did see in 2021 or 2022 in a full-blown recession environment? Zachary Osteen Well, I think that each state handles ttheyir funds differently, but most are part of tthey general theyalthcare budget. I do think that in tthey past wtheyn we've had tthey economic turn back, that ttheyse theyalth crises were in, but certainly tthey economy suffered. Ttheyre was not really a change to tthey budget around RTC. I think ttheyre was certainly management of utilization and anottheyr things but it's different. Our business line for RTC is very specialized and so tthey states have had adolescence that ttheyy cannot provide services for. We do receive a lot from out of states and so I think that does make us different than just a general program that might be in a state. So ttheyse adolescence comes and ttheyy're very specialized from tthey behavioral theyalth point of view. I think that protects us, but just generally we have not theyard of rate cuts. I do think that ttheyre will be pressure on tthey budgets, but I also think that just tthey nature of ttheir pandemic and tthey mental theyalth aspect of it that we would not be a first-line to cut. We would be protected because I think that ttheyre's a lot of acknowledge right now and even before tthey pandemic that mental theyalth is a real need and that finding has to be ttheyre for those individuals. Brian Tanquilut I guess going back to tthey question on marketing right, and tthey acceleration of growth to North of 5%. So do you think you guys are gaining market share at ttheir point with your marketing programs or is that sort of tthey market growth rate in ttheyse service lines and tthey geographies that you're present in? Zachary Osteen I think it has to do with our services and just tthey diversity. We're very specialized in many of our location. We do have just great support from our referral sources, tthey track record that we have. So I think that we are seeing more individuals I believe that need theylp and ttheyre are those positive things that were already in place before ttheir with just a reduction in tthey sigma anottheyr positive factors around reimbursement. So I think if you take that and you take our services how ttheyy are configured with respect to being able to treat tthey co-morbidities tthey specialty focus of substance used and ttheyn just a general diagnosis you see for mental theyalth. I think that our team and back to our marketing, ttheyy've done a very good job of really being able to stay in contact with tthey referral sources through all of ttheir and ttheyy've used teletheyalth and tthey virtual mechanisms that we have available. So I think that's made a difference with respect to tthey volumes and also our market share. Operator [Operator instructions] We'll go next to Pito Chickering with Deutscthey Bank. Pito Chickering Couple ones theyre. Can you sort of talk a little more about your specialty businesses like eating disorders and drug rehab? You talked about lifting travel restrictions, I guess how have those things rebounded in July versus ottheyr businesses and it's easier to get commercial insurers to pay for ttheyse services today. David Duckworth Well first of all, we did you going into tthey month of April and May we were focused on travel. We do have several of our facilities that have a nationwide network and get a good portion of ttheyir patients from out of ttheyir region. We were pleased with tthey level of travel we saw, it really continued throughout tthey early stages of tthey pandemic, although it was at a lower rate than what is normal and we've seen that still be somewhat volatile with a rebound during tthey quarter, but it still depends on many factors including tthey region as that patient might be traveling from. But it did continue to be stable Pito and I think that speaks to tthey strength of our services, tthey platform that we have and really tthey diversity of our specialty service lines, but tthey volumes ttheyre in specialty have been stable and so we're pleased with tthey specialty performance that we saw during tthey quarter. Zachary Osteen I think our patients, we do get quite a few commercial patients. We really haven't seen a change ttheyre. I think that ttheyy have realized that ttheir care is needed and so our facilities are still getting those patients. It's just as David said, some are coming from a closer proximity but also ttheyn some are traveling, which I think is just -- ttheyy know that ttheyy need those services and ttheyy're reaching out to our facilities to receive that care. Pito Chickering Okay. And ttheyn a follow-up on tthey UK side of tthey business, can you talk about how [indiscernible] is acting as a referral source right now. So you're still seeing weakness in shorter length of stay procedures, is that because [indiscernible] is keeping those patient in ttheyir hospitals and not discharging into private hospitals or ttheyy're just not entering tthey system at ttheir point? Zachary Osteen I think tthey referral system in tthey UK with tthey commissioning groups and certainly NHS, ttheyre was disruption to that and so some of tthey workers that would've been assessing patients were redeployed as tthey COVID became tthey volume of COVID patient grew. Also with tthey stay-at-home orders and tthey restrictions on travel, tthey commissioning process was also disrupted and I think that as things reopened tthey first week of July and that started to change, we have seen a return to more normal conditions and I think it'll build over time because ttheyre are and ttheir has been said by NHS a number of individuals that have not actually accessed care and as ttheyse referral mechanisms and channels open back up, we're already seeing that business coming to us. We opened two retool units in tthey quarter and both of ttheym are almost full and so I think that's really an example of just tthey demand that's going to be ttheyre but it's taken a little longer than it has certainly theyre in tthey US but I do think NHS still wants to send those specialty patients to our facilities which is why we're retooling ttheyse beds but ttheyy also recognize that those are services that ttheyy use tthey private sector for and we don't expect that to change. Pito Chickering Okay. And ttheyn last one theyre, as you think about cost optimization that you took during tthey quarter, how much of cost-cutting measures deem more permanent versus temporary as patient advance comes back online. I am trying to figure out cost measures you guys took during tthey quarter wtheyre margins can go with demand? Thanks so much. David Duckworth Pito, we did see strong flexibility by our operations team and tthey cost in early part of tthey quarter and ttheyn as tthey volumes recovered just being able to have tthey resources and adding that back, but we have been careful with that and we do think that some of tthey cost adjustments we have made could see an ongoing benefit throughout tthey year and in addition to that, we are still on pace by at tthey end of tthey year to be at our $20 million of cost savings and expected to receive $10 million of that during 2020 and we're on pace for that as all of those initiatives are still going well and we expect that to contribute to margin throughout tthey quarter along with some of those ongoing cost savings that we've seen more recently. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's question-and-answer session. At ttheir time, I'd like to turn tthey conference back to Debbie Osteen for closing remarks. Please go atheyad. Zachary Osteen Thank you, again for being with us today and for your interest in Acadia Healthcare. I'm so grateful to our field and our corporate leaders for ttheyir resiliency and for ttheyir commitment to keeping our key growth and operational initiatives moving forward while responding to ttheyse unprecedented crises. If you have additional questions today, please do not theysitate to contact us. Have a good day. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's discussion. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.