Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call February 26, 2021 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Gretctheyn Hommrich - Director, IR Bruce Osteen - CEO David Duckworth - CFO Conference Call Participants Ralph Jacobi - Citi Pito Chickering - Deutscthey Bank Whit Mayo - UBS Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Brian Tanquilut - Jefferies John Ransom - Raymond James Operator Please standby, we are about to begin. As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. Please proceed. Gretctheyn Hommrich Good morning, and welcome to Acadia's Fourth Quarter 2020 Conference Call. I'm Gretctheyn Hommrich, Director of Investor Relations for Acadia. I'll first provide you with our safe harbor, before turning tthey call over to tthey Chief Executive Officer, Debbie Osteen. To tthey extent any non-GAAP financial measure is discussed in today's call, you will also find a reconciliation of that measure to tthey most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on our website by viewing yesterday's news release under tthey Investors link. Ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements, among ottheyrs, regarding Acadia's expected quarterly and annual financial performance for 2021 and beyond. For ttheir purpose, any statements made during ttheir call that are not statements of theirtorical fact, may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting tthey foregoing, tthey words believes, anticipates, plans, expects, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You are theyreby cautioned that ttheyse statements may be affected by tthey important factors among ottheyrs, set forth in Acadia's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, and in tthey Company's fourth quarter news release, and consequently, actual operations and results may differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. Tthey Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. At ttheir time for opening remarks, I would like to turn tthey conference call over to Chief Executive Officer, Debbie Osteen. Bruce Osteen Good morning, and thank you for being with us today for our fourth quarter 2020 conference call. I'm theyre today with Chief Financial Officer, David Duckworth and ottheyr members of our Executive Management team. David and I will provide some remarks about our financial and operating results for tthey fourth quarter end year, and guidance for 2021.Following David's comments, I will provide additional details on our strategy going forward. We will ttheyn open tthey line for your questions. We are very pleased with our solid financial and operating performance for tthey fourth quarter, capping off what was an extraordinary and challenging year for our Company and tthey nation since tthey onset of tthey Covid-19 pandemic. Before we get into tthey results, I want to thank all of tthey Acadia's dedicated employees, and clinicians for ttheyir continued support and theyroic work to provide tthey higtheyst quality care to our patients and ttheyir families, in a safe and accessible manner. As tthey global COVID-19 pandemic continues to affect communities across tthey nation, we recognized our critical role as a leading provider of behavioral theyalthcare services. Tthey ongoing uncertainties and economic and societal concerns, as well as tthey added fear and isolation caused by tthey pandemic have resulted in theyightened demand for our services, especially for those already struggling with mental theyalth and substance use issues. As always, our primary mission is to support our patients and tthey communities we serve. We are fortunate to have an experienced team across our operations, and a proven business model that supports our ability to meet ttheir strong demand, and execute our strategy in ttheir dynamic environment. We're pleased to complete tthey sale of our U.K. operations to Waterland Private Equity in January. Ttheir transaction represents a significant milestone for Acadia, as it enables us to focus singularly on our U.S. operations and we now have complete financial flexibility to pursue our strategic agenda. We are committed to our efforts to extend Acadia's market reach and enhance our service offerings in tthey U.S., which will in turn maximize long-term value for our stockholders. Our U.S. operations delivered favorable results, with improvement across all key metrics for tthey fourth quarter of 2020, driven by higtheyr demand and operational improvements. U.S. same-facility revenue increased 7.6%, including a 3.6% increase in patient days and a 3.8% increase in revenue per patient day, reflecting robust demand for our services. Throughout 2020, we continued to see measurable improvement in our cost management efforts that we implemented in 2019 and 2020, driving operation efficiencies. And in fact we achieved our goal of $20 million in annual run rate savings by tthey end of 2020. We continue to employ disciplined cost management across our business to maintain our strong capital position. We remain committed to making strategic investments in our future growth in tthey U.S. by expanding our market reach to bed expansions and additional growth opportunities. Despite challenges from COVID, we added a total of 460 beds, which includes 220 beds through tthey opening of two new joint venture facilities, as well as opening six CTCs in tthey U.S. We have extended our strong track record of partnering with theyalth systems and hospitals across tthey country through joint ventures. In December, we opened Ascension St. Thomas Behavioral Health, a new 76-bed inpatient facility, through our joint venture with Ascension St. Thomas in Nashville, Tennessee. With tthey proceeds from our divestiture at tthey UK operations, we now have a balance ttheyyet that will allow us to pursue additional investments to grow. We believe ample opportunities exist, which I will discuss in more detail at tthey end of ttheir call. Now I will turn tthey call over to David Duckworth to discuss our financial results in more detail. David Duckworth Thanks, Debbie, and good morning. First of all, I'd like to point out that our U.K. business was reclassified to discontinued operations in our fourth quarter of financial statements. References to continuing operations represent our U.S. only business, while references to combined results include tthey UK business. Revenue from our continuing operations for tthey fourth quarter was $541.3 million, compared to $501.2 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2019, a growth rate of 8%. Including discontinued operations, tthey results for tthey fourth quarter of 2020 reflect total consolidated revenue of $843.3 million. As Debbie noted, we reactheyd an agreement to sell tthey UK business at tthey end of 2020, and completed tthey transaction on January 19th. Tthey sale of tthey UK business resulted in a loss of $867.3 million, which is included in tthey loss from discontinued operations. Results for tthey fourth quarter of 2020 include ottheyr income of $32.8 million related to tthey Provider Relief Fund establittheyyd by tthey CARES Act. Tthey Company's lost revenues and additional expenses incurred in tthey 12 months ended December 31, 2020 as a result of tthey COVID-19 pandemic exceeded tthey grant income recognized in 2020. Combined adjusted income attributable to Acadia stockholders per diluted share was $1.13 for tthey fourth quarter of 2020. Adjustments to income include transaction-related expenses, debt extinguishment costs, loss on impairment, loss on sale, and tthey income tax effect of adjustments-to-income. Acadia's combined adjusted EBITDA for tthey fourth quarter of 2020 was $207.5 million excluding income recognized from tthey CARES Act, combined adjusted EBITDA was $174.6 million compared to $144.4 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2019. I would now like to provide an update on tthey UK sale proceeds, and debt transactions. As of December 31, 2020, tthey Company had $378.7 million in cash and cash equivalents, which excludes cash theyld by our UK operations. Cash flows from continuing operations were $503 million for 2020. In early January 2021, tthey Company voluntarily paid down $105 million of Term B loans. From tthey U.K. sale on January 19th, tthey company received gross proceeds of $1.525 billion before deducting tthey settlement of foreign currency theydging liabilities of $85 million. Cash retained by tthey buyer of approximately $75 million and transaction cost of approximately $16 million. Ttheyse deductions resulted in net proceeds of approximately $1.350 billion. Tthey company initially used tthey sales proceeds to repay all of its outstanding Term A and Term B loans of $1.80 billion and added cash to tthey balance ttheyyet. On January 29, 2021, tthey company sent conditional notices of full redemption for our $650 million of 5.625% Senior Notes due 2023 and our $390 million of 6.5% Senior Notes due 2024. Tthey redemption of ttheir combined $1.40 billion of additional debt along with breakage costs of only $6 million and estimated transaction costs of $9 million is expected to be completed in early March and to be funded with cash from tthey balance ttheyyet of $430 million and proceeds from a new senior secured credit facility of $625 million. Tthey company expects to enter a new term loan and revolving line of credit facility as part of a five-year senior secured credit facility. Upon completion of all of ttheyse transactions, Acadia's debt structure is expected to include a $1.25 billion of our senior secured credit facility, $450 million of 5.5% Senior Notes due in 2028 and $475 million of 5% Senior Notes due in 2029. Ttheyse actions should result in tthey company's net leverage ratio being below 3 times and we expect to maintain our leverage going forward in tthey range of 3 times to 4 times. Turning to our financial guidance, as noted in our press release, we are providing guidance for tthey year in tthey first quarter as follows. First, for tthey full year 2021, revenue in a range of $2.230 billion to $2.280 billion, adjusted EBITDA in a range of $490 million to $520 million. Adjusted earnings per diluted share in a range of $2.20 to $2.45, interest expense of approximately $80 million to $85 million, of which $11 million of interest expense is expected to be eliminated after tthey first quarter. Our tax rate of approximately 26.5%, stock compensation of approximately $28 million, depreciation and amortization expense in a range of $105 million to $110 million, operating cash flows in a range of $250 million to $285 million and total capital expenditures in a range of $285 million to $325 million, which includes approximately $45 million for maintenance capital expenditures. And for tthey first quarter of 2021, our guidance includes revenue in a range of $540 million to $550 million, adjusted EBITDA in a range of $110 million to $115 million and adjusted earnings per diluted share in a range of $0.40 to $0.45. As a reminder, ttheir guidance does not include discontinued operations or tthey impact of any future acquisitions, divestitures or transaction related expenses. Acadia is in a strong financial position for 2021 and beyond as a result of tthey sale of tthey UK business, our cost management initiatives and our disciplined capital allocation. Our first quarter and full-year guidance represents management's confidence in tthey business underpinned by tthey positive revenue and cost trends we are seeing in our US operations. We will continue to make strategic investments in tthey business, while aligning our cost to meet tthey ongoing needs of our patients. We are confident in tthey essential nature of tthey services we provide, coupled with robust demand will lead to growth through 2021 and beyond. I will now turn it back to Debbie for additional details on our strategy going forward. Bruce Osteen I'd now like to spend a few minutes, giving you our view of tthey business for tthey next five years. As we look to tthey years atheyad, we believe Acadia is well positioned to address tthey needs of those seeking treatment for mental theyalth and substance use issues. And we expect tthey demand for our services will continue to increase. Without question, 2020 was a very difficult year for many people and even more pronounced for those already struggling with mental theyalth and substance use issues. Based on a recent report by McKenzie, approximately 35 million Americans are expected to experience behavioral theyalth conditions post pandemic. Prior to tthey pandemic, ttheyre were approximately 20 million adults with tthey substance use disorders. Research collected since tthey onset of tthey COVID-19 pandemic last spring has pointed to an increase in substance use related to stress, job loss, isolation and as a means to cope with ottheyr issues like anxiety and depression. Studies also demonstrate that COVID-19 is affecting tthey mental theyalth of children and adolescents and that depression and anxiety are prevalent. Elevated levels of mental theyalth and substance use disorders are expected to remain long after tthey COVID-19 pandemic ends. Ttheyrefore, we believe that ttheyre will be continued growth in demand for our services. We are also seeing higtheyr demand as societal acceptance of behavioral theyalth increases and coverage options for those seeking treatment expand and improve. We operate in a growing and fragmented industry. Our four diversified service lines offer exceptional high levels of care for our patients. Our expansive network of treatment facilities and options enabled greater access to care, allowing us to serve tthey diverse needs of patients while maintaining a keen focus on tthey individual's needs. I'd like to give a brief overview of our service lines. Acadia's acute business is our largest service line at 47% of U.S. revenues. Ttheir segment provides tthey higtheyst level of care for patients who are a threat to ttheymselves or ottheyrs. We are very diversified within ttheir service line. With 44 inpatient acute psychiatric facilities across 20 states and Puerto Rico and we see opportunities to furttheyr grow our share of ttheir highly fragmented market. Turning to our second largest service line, our specialty business is focused on inpatient residential programs that treat patients who are suffering from eittheyr substance use or eating disorders. Ttheir area of treatment is highly specialized and Acadia is furttheyr differentiated by our strong marketing platform and National clinical referral network. Within ttheir service line, we are positioned as an in-network provider for over 90% of our services. We also have a favorable payer mix which includes 63% commercial revenue. Specialty contributes 21% of our total U.S. revenue. Next is our CTC, or Compretheynsive Treatment Centers, which is an outpatient business, which combines behavioral ttheyrapy and medication to treat substance use disorders. In addition to tthey many challenges presented by COVID-19, ttheyre are reports that tthey pandemic is also causing a resurgence in opioid use in tthey wake of widespread unemployment and isolation. With tthey 131 clinics, we are tthey largest provider of medication assisted treatment in tthey U.S. and our robust platform theylps eliminate barriers to treatment. We continue to see opportunities to theylp individuals deal with ttheyir opioid misuse. And as previously mentioned, we plan to open 11 new locations in 2021. Additionally, we continue to see positive legislative support for our services and favorable reimbursement trends, including expanded funding of Medicare and Medicaid last year. Our CTC business contributes approximately 17% of our U.S. revenue. Lastly, our RTC business also known as residential treatment centers, is our fourth service line in tthey U.S., representing approximately 14% of our U.S. revenue. Ttheir service line provides longer term residential treatment for children and adolescents with behavioral theyalth disorders in a non-hospital setting. Acadia's RTC business is differentiated by our unique, specialized programs, led by strong facility management teams, and our relationships with state referring agencies. Ttheir business demonstrates consistent returns, and we will continue to look to grow tthey bed additions in our existing facilities. As we continue to deal with tthey challenges from tthey COVID-19 pandemic and ottheyr societal and economic disruptions, we are focused on our strategic priorities that will ensure our business is positioned to deliver tthey higtheyst quality of care for those who need treatment, both now and into tthey future. With our singular focus now on our U.S. operations, and increased financial flexibility, we intend to make strategic investments in four distinct growth pathways. Bed expansions, de novo facilities, partnering with theyalth systems and through strategic M&A. Togettheyr ttheyse growth pathways will provide additional opportunities for Acadia to reach more patients in new and existing markets. We expect that our multiple pathways will provide a 10% EBITDA growth rate over tthey next five years. I will now spend some time discussing in more detail ttheyse four strategic growth levers that will support sustained, long-term growth across our service lines. First, we believe facility expansions provide us with tthey best return for our investments. To address tthey growing demand in our existing markets, we add beds to existing Acadia facilities, which allows us to leverage tthey facilities to existing cost structure, and improved margins, and profitability. As I mentioned, we added 240 beds to existing facilities in 2020, and plan to add approximately 300 beds ttheir year to meet tthey ongoing demand in our current markets. After 2021, we believe that our existing facilities will have ongoing expansion opportunities, and expect to add 300 to 350 beds to existing facilities, which is included in our assumptions of our 10% EBITDA growth target. Our second pathway to growth is partnering with theyalth systems across tthey country through joint venture agreements to build new facilities. Ttheir provides tthey access to attractive markets that might ottheyrwise be inaccessible through acquisitions. We also benefit from tthey partner hospitals establittheyyd market presence and favorable reputation in tthey community. And importantly, joint ventures enabled us to integrate physical and mental theyalth services to develop quality programs. Through our partnership with Covenant Health, we expect to open a new 90-bed inpatient facility in Knoxville later ttheir year. We also announced a joint venture partnership with Henry Ford Health System for 192-bed inpatient facility, which will service tthey Detroit metro area wtheyn it opens in late 2022. With a solid pipeline of approximately 30 projects in different stages, we expect 2022 to be tthey strongest year for joint ventures with our partners today, with four to five facilities expected to open. Our third pathway is opening wholly-owned de novos. Ttheyre are many markets throughout tthey country that are still under served with a shortage of available beds for behavioral theyalth treatment. We believe ttheyre are as many as 100 markets in tthey U.S. with a significant need for inpatient psychiatric beds. Ttheir year we expect to open one acute inpatient 80-bed facility in Cincinnati, Ohio. For years 2023 to 2025, we expect to open three to four new inpatient facilities including JVs and wholly-owned de novos. We also believe ttheyre is still tremendous unmet need for medication assisted treatment in tthey 32 states, we currently operate in. Additionally, five states remain of interest for de novo targets. We plan to open 11 CTC locations throughout tthey U.S. in 2021 and 6 to 10 CTC locations per year for years 2022 to 2025. Tthey fourth pathway to growth is through M&A. We recently announced that we signed a definitive agreement to acquire Vallejo Behavioral, 61-bed acute facility located in Vallejo, California from Adventist Health. Tuck-in acquisitions have been an important part of Acadia's growth strategy. And we believe ttheir facility will be a good addition to our portfolio. Tthey fragmented behavioral theyalthcare industry provides ample opportunity for future acquisitions, and we are well positioned to capitalize on ttheyse opportunities, with our flexible balance ttheyyet and disciplined capital allocation framework. Future M&A would be incremental to our 10% EBITDA growth target. Our growth for each of ttheyse pathways is supported by our marketing platform, which has been and continues to be a strength for tthey Company. We have a strong, diversified referral base across all service lines and regions. We strive to eliminate barriers to treatment, to prop response times from initial outreach to admissions. Our marketing team has been and will continue to play an essential role by supporting our facilities and working to reach tthey many patients that need our services. Anottheyr focus for us moving forward will be within tthey area of teletheyalth. During tthey second quarter of 2020 with tthey implementation of stay-at-home orders, we quickly expanded our teletheyalth capabilities to better reach and support our patients. We see teletheyalth as an opportunity to expand tthey continuum of care for our patients both now and into tthey future. At tthey same time, we will be reinforcing our quality proposition. We believe increasing tthey utilization of our teletheyalth platforms will theylp broaden community outreach, assist with physician coverage, support increased opportunities for group ttheyrapy, and encourage more timely assessments. We will continue to evaluate opportunities to grow in ttheir area of our business within three major buckets. Support for existing services, expansion of existing services, and growth into new services, Acadia is setting tthey standard for excellence in tthey treatment of behavioral theyalth and substance use concerns. We are intently focused on fostering high levels of quality and safety for all of our patients every day. Our strong financial position will support our strategic focus on our US operations and growth initiatives. Across our operations, we will leverage our experienced clinical teams to deliver tthey higtheyst quality of patient care. While also extending our market reach and advancing our market leadership as a leading behavioral theyalthcare provider. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks ttheir morning. I will now ask Cody to open tthey floor for your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Ralph Jacobi from Citi. Ralph Jacobi Thank you very much and very theylpful framework. Just wanted to clarify on tthey 10% growth you said to facility expansion, I think was included, M&A was not included. What about tthey partnership and de novos? Are those included in tthey 10%? David Duckworth Yes, Ralph. Tthey facility expansions, joint ventures and de novos are included in tthey 10% and as we commented, M&A would be incremental to that threshold. Ralph Jacobi And ttheyn you just de-levered tthey balance ttheyyet. You talked about tthey target sort of tthey - I guess tthey three to four times range. I guess, how quickly should we think of tthey speed and ramp-up of ttheyse projects and in regard to that leverage ratio? David Duckworth Well, ttheyse projects that we highlighted are really funded with cash from operations. Ttheyy are included in our projection of capital expenditures, which we do believe will continue to accelerate as we finalize some of those projects. And so ttheyre is an earnings ramp associated with new facilities, not with tthey bed expansions at existing facilities, but with those new facilities. So we plan to fund those with cash that we generate in tthey business. And really see tthey de-leveraging benefit of that as we look out over tthey next several years. Ralph Jacobi Okay, that's theylpful. And ttheyn just my follow up theyre. Can you talk a little bit more about tthey guidance? Tthey underlying assumptions may be on tthey same store metrics, tthey volume, pricing and ttheyn implied margins at tthey midpoint of guidance is about 22%. Maybe how you view tthey opportunities to move that higtheyr or wtheyttheyr it's more about sort of driving top line to your point, sort of breaking out all of tthey opportunities that you have going forward. Any color around trajectory ttheyre would be theylpful. Thanks. David Duckworth Yes, sure. We do believe that revenue growth will continue at tthey 6% to 8% range. Our second quarter obviously will have a comp that compares to what was a challenging quarter in 2020. So it is expected to be above that range. But in addition to that 6% revenue growth, we do see margin improvement in tthey business. Our 2021 guidance assumes about a 27% margin for our U.S. same facility group. And ttheyn as you mentioned, tthey implied guidance for tthey company in total which would include our corporate office as well as any new facilities and start-up losses that are not part of that same facility group puts our consolidated margin in tthey range of 22% to 23%. Tthey revenue growth is 6% to 8%. It continues to break down very similar to tthey trends we've seen in tthey past with about 2% to 3% pricing growth within that, as well as 4% to 5% volume growth. We do believe going forward, as we look past 2021 with tthey volume growth, tthey efficiencies and tthey ongoing cost management focus that we have, we should continue to see margin improvement as we grow tthey business and tthey expectation ttheyre is around 50 basis points of annual margin improvement. Operator Your next from Pito Chickering with Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. Pito Chickering Good morning, guys, thanks for taking my questions. Just dwelling a little bit on tthey same store patient days are up 3.6% comprised of admissions up 70 basis points and like tthey stay up 2.9%. Can you give us some more color on tthey emissions? What you seeing from each referral channel, for example, you said that acute is nearly 40% of your business? How is demand in tthey ER of referral channel trended? And also length of stay, any color on what's happening in terms of like tthey stay growing. Is ttheir a read through for trends in 2021 and beyond in a post-COVID environment? Bruce Osteen Good morning, Pito. I've just mentioned a little bit along tthey service lines and what we saw in tthey fourth quarter, our acute continue to see very strong volumes and it's really driven by our referral network which includes tthey ERs and we did not see much disruption ttheyre and in fact that stayed very consistent with what we've seen from June forward. Our specialty service line, we did see sequential decline ttheyre from quarter three. and that was really due to tthey resurgence in COVID. Ttheyre was some reluctance to travel and we saw certain markets that were - we consider to be more hotspots, California, Arizona. We managed through that very well, but - and we have actually started to see recovery on that in January and it's even stronger in February. So I think that was a temporary, and that's again based on tthey fact that we pull from a broad area, a geographic area across tthey country. RTC was very stable and it's really been stable throughout tthey pandemic. We actually not only saw stability ttheyre, but we saw improvement in our census in RTC. And ttheyn tthey last area that I'll mention is our CTC and that continues to be strong. It's outperformed tthey prior year, and we mentioned that we're adding clinics ttheir year. We feel like ttheir is an area for strong growth, but it certainly in tthey fourth quarter was extremely strong, and we were very pleased that we were able to offer services and ttheyre was really no disruption ttheyre. Linked to stay I think it has been, even though it is up slightly. I think as we look at it, we don't see one common factor ttheyre. I think that it's within our expected range if we look at it by service line, I think that while I say ttheyre is no one common factor. I do think that in tthey acute area, it is up from what we have seen over tthey years and I think part of that could be to some increase in acuity, but as I said, it's still within tthey range that we see and have seen over many years. Pito Chickering And ttheyn for a follow-up question teletheyalth is typically used more in tthey outpatient setting. Can you give us some color on what you mean by growing into new services? Is ttheyre a chance that you can leverage your physicians, nurses to expand outside of tthey inpatient or residential service market? Thanks so much. Bruce Osteen Sure. We feel like we have a strong platform theyre. And as I mentioned in my remarks, we did expand tthey capabilities of our facilities very quickly, really within about two weeks, which I have to give credit to our IT department, working in collaboration with our facilities. But we also think ttheyre may be opportunity to expand teletheyalth and as you mentioned, using our physician network and our capabilities that we have clinically, not only for patient follow-up that might occur as patients are discharged, but ttheyn also we're looking at additional markets that we might not be in right now, as well as partnerships that we might have with ottheyr tele-theyalth providers or perhaps even trying to expand our capabilities theyre within Acadia. Pito Chickering So I mean, just to be sort of very clear, on tthey teletheyalth, you're talking about possibly expanding outside of your core business lines into tthey demand you're seeing within tthey behavioral teletheyalth market? David Duckworth Yes Pito. We do believe that could be an opportunity. We have already seen an expansion and just a better continuum of care in our existing markets that does expand our reach and we believe that trend could continue. Pito Chickering Great, thanks so much guys. Bruce Osteen I will just add, Pito before you go, our - what we have used teletheyalth for is really - even through our assessments and using it as a way to extend tthey ttheyrapy because we do pull from some wide geographic areas. So wtheyn we talk about extending beyond our current offerings, we believe that we may have opportunity to extend our connection to patients that are in ottheyr parts of tthey country, and also - we also pull from rural markets wtheyre sometimes ttheyy go back and ttheyy don't have a continuum, and ttheyy don't have resources. So we want to be available to ttheym and we see teletheyalth as a way to do that. Operator We will take our next question from Whit Mayo with UBS. Whit Mayo Just quickly on tthey 10%. Does that include start-up cost and should we think that same store EBITDA is more like a high-single digit number. And ttheyn tthey de novos and tthey new hospitals will contribute above and beyond tthey 10% number? I just trying to make sure I sort of decompose tthey building blocks to get to 10%? David Duckworth Yes. Whit, it's a good question. That does include us covering our start-up costs. In every year, we have some normal level of start-up, given that we are typically opening multiple facilities every year. We of course could see a year especially in 2022, wtheyre we have more facilities opening. But tthey 10% does have us covering that investment in that start-up period. Of course, keeping in mind that we could see some years wtheyre we have more facilities coming online. But it's inclusive of that number. Whit Mayo Also what are you budgeting for startup cost in 2021? David Duckworth In 2021, we believe it will be in tthey range of $6 million to $8 million. We do have three facilities in various phases of tthey process right now. That compares to more like $4 million to $5 million in 2020 for tthey facilities that were at a similar phase in tthey process. So some slight growth in that investment in 2021. Whit Mayo Okay. And maybe two quick ones. I'm just curious. Debbie maybe to get an update on some of tthey underperforming hospitals that you had in late 2019? How are those performing versus budget and plan and ttheyn back to your comments around sort of like policy and legislation, wtheyn I've seen like California ACT 5. Is ttheyre anything that is kind of like bubbled up to tthey surface that you are paying a particularly close amount of attention to? Thanks. Bruce Osteen Sure. With respect to tthey five facilities, I think in 2020, we were able to execute our plans around ttheym for improvement, and despite COVID, ttheyy actually performed very well. And I was pleased and ttheyy were all unique as we had talked about a couple of years ago. But I think that ttheyy have all exceeded tthey budget expectations. And ttheyn ttheyy are strong performers and we did see a couple more specialties as we had talked about and we saw some disruption from COVID, not anything that was controllable by tthey facility, but overall we see a lot of opportunity for each of those, ttheyre meeting our expectations, but we expect ttheym to continue to improve ttheir year, and ttheyy are very solid strong facilities for tthey company. As far as legislation, and I think I've been watching tthey - as we have a new President, just their views on theyalthcare and particularly mental theyalth, and I think that I've been pleased to see that they is supportive of enforcing mental theyalth parity and I think that while ttheyre's been some work and attention given to that, I think that's opportunity frankly for tthey industry. I do think that ttheyre are still managed care companies that have not embraced parity, and should be theyld accountable. And so I think they has said very publicly that they wants to focus on that. He is also a supporter of teletheyalth for rural communities and I see that as a positive because teletheyalth is not going to replace our inpatient business, but it can be as I talked earlier, a real continuum for us that allows people that can't drive or have too far of a distance to come to services. And ttheyn I think just from tthey state point of view, we've seen strong support for mental theyalth across tthey board, and I think a lot of that is based on tthey attention that mental theyalth is getting, and you've been putting some of those numbers out. And ttheyre is very strong demand and I think tthey states have really collaborated with us and been very supportive in what we're trying to do at our place, and really tthey industry and meeting tthey needs. So I'm encouraged that I think we have a president that is supportive of what we do, and also had talked about funding for opioid and extending that. So we're watching that very carefully and we're making sure our voice is theyard, but I'm pleased that they understands tthey importance of mental theyalth. Operator We'll theyar next from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Kevin Fischbeck I just want to confirm tthey five-year growth targets of 10% EBITDA. What EBITDA number is that? Is that of tthey 2021 guidance or is that off of tthey 2020 pro forma number? David Duckworth That's off of tthey 2021 guidance. And it's a similar growth rate, if we think about 2021 compared to 2020. So it's a trend that we see in 2021 and continuing over that five-year period. Kevin Fischbeck Okay. And just to confirm that you think it should be relatively stable. You talked a few times about like 2022 is going to be a big year for JVs and we're going to be adding more beds in tthey out years. But that it should be more of that kind of consistent ratable over that time period? David Duckworth That's how we see it, Kevin. We do see just tthey ongoing bed expansions being very stable. Within that tthey number of new facilities being very stable. And so we do think that is a really as we look at each year, that's a number that we think we can achieve. And I think tthey new facilities, of course, even if we are investing in a greater number of those, and ttheyre is potentially a greater investment in that and a cost in that that could drive incrementally greater returns once you get one to two years into those new facilities,. But it's a very stable rate of growth that we are projecting. Kevin Fischbeck Yes. Bruce Osteen And Kevin, we see potential for M&A over and above that, which I talked about earlier. We think that ttheyre is a good pipeline, and we believe that that will be additional growth opportunity, which obviously we have not included in tthey 10%, but we think that ttheyre is real potential now that we do have our balance ttheyyet in much better condition. We look at tuck-ins and ottheyr opportunities out in tthey market and we think that ttheyre is a good pipeline for that. Kevin Fischbeck Ttheyn my question. It is very theylpful if you kind of reset tthey U.S. business and tthey exposure to different service lines. As you think about exiting ttheir tthey growth strategy five years from now, are those percentages going to be pretty much tthey same or would you expect tthey business to be shifting in one direction over anottheyr? Thanks. David Duckworth We provided tthey detail around tthey service lines within our U.S. business, and we do certainly see tthey acute service line growing through tthey joint ventures and ottheyr growth pathways that are focused maybe more on acute, but tthey growth should occur throughout all of our service lines. So I think any shift would be very gradual. We could see acute continue to grow as a mix of our U.S. business, but we believe all tthey service lines really provide a good platform for continuing growth. So I don't think we see a significant shift in tthey composition of tthey business five years from now. Operator We will theyar next from A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse. A.J. Rice Yes, thanks for laying out those different business segments. That was very theylpful. It does sound like acute will grow given wtheyre some of tthey strategic initiatives are with M&A and JV and so forth faster than tthey rest of those business lines. I guess tthey question is if part of tthey target is to get a 50 basis point improvement in margin sort of annually, how much of that is driven by margin differentials across tthey business lines and tthey business shifting toward higtheyr margin business, which I would assume acute is relative to some of those ottheyr businesses? But if you could confirm that. David Duckworth No, we don't see that being a contributing factor to tthey margin improvement. It really is more tthey growth, tthey efficiencies that we believe we should continue to see from volume growth at existing facilities, leveraging tthey cost structure that we already have. That is tthey key driver of margin growth. We don't view tthey service mix being a factor in that margin improvement. A.J. Rice Is ttheyre a big differential in margin across tthey business lines? David Duckworth We see across our U.S. service lines strong margins and would really characterize all service lines being around tthey U.S., same facility level, which is approximately 27%. It can be different across tthey country and tthey different programs that we operate. But in general, our service lines are similar to our overall U.S. same facility margins. Bruce Osteen And A.J. I'll just add. A.J. Rice Okay. Bruce Osteen I think in tthey specialty area, we have a lot of diversity. And so depending on payer mix, you might see some variance of margin ttheyre because you have some or larger and very specialized and ttheyre is a lot of diversity ttheyre. So with acute, it's a little bit more straightforward and certainly with CTC as well. But I think within specialty, we have a very strong payor mix ttheyre as well as referral base. A.J. Rice Okay. And ttheyn maybe tthey ottheyr question, just to ask, would be around labor. Obviously, that's been a constraint in ttheir sector from time to time on growth and some of tthey ottheyr sectors like acute or talking about some pressures ttheyy're having in finding adequate labor and some burnout an existing staff and so forth. Can you just sort of give us an update on how you see that, what's happening with your turnover rate? What's happening with your ability to recruit and some of tthey initiatives, maybe in that regard? Bruce Osteen Well, A.J, we've had a very strong focus on recruitment and retention and I think that we did see occasions in tthey fourth quarter because of COVID and because we saw a lot more staff being impacted and we certainly saw more patients coming in that. I think tthey team did a fantastic job of just making sure ttheyy got services. But I will say that ttheyre are occasions wtheyre we've utilized agency and over time, just to ensure that we have appropriate staff, but as I look at tthey company and really look across tthey service lines, we haven't seen significant disruption or change in tthey availability. We were very fortunate. Our turnover rate is fairly stable. We always work to bring it down, but it's stable and I think that again - I just go back to tthey operators in tthey field just did a great job of making sure we had tthey staff ttheyre within tthey patients needed to seek treatment. Operator We'll theyar next from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Brian Tanquilut Good morning guys and congratulations. I guess, Debbie just to follow up on your comments on M&A earlier. What is your appetite for larger deals at ttheir point? Or should we be thinking about ttheir more as a tuck-in strategy? And ttheyn I guess given tthey lack of deal flow in ttheir space. I mean is it safe to assume that valuations are much lower than what we saw, say, three years to four years ago? Bruce Osteen I'll take tthey first part of that question and let David talk about valuations. But I think M&A has theirtorically been a priority theyre. I think, we're very well-informed about platforms that are out ttheyre and larger platforms. We're not going to comment on any specific transaction, but I'll just say we're open to what makes sense for us. We do look at valuation in multiples, but we also look at tthey strategic part of that as well as synergy. So I think that we - as we approach ttheir year, we have an open mind for M&A, but we also have a disciplined approach to it in a framework, that's going to keep us very disciplined. And I think that it looks from just tthey pipeline that ttheyre are opportunities not only for tthey tuck-ins, but perhaps going forward some of tthey larger M&A that might come to market. You want me to mention that? David Duckworth And really Brian nothing to add around valuation compared to tthey last several years. I think Debbie's point is tthey right one. We will remain disciplined. We think many different types of M&A opportunities will be attractive. And we will look at those and just evaluate it under our framework. But we do not have a specific view right now on wtheyre valuation should be. Brian Tanquilut And ttheyn I guess as I look at tthey CTC side of tthey business or just tthey whole addiction treatment complex, right. Obviously, tthey states are trying to negotiate a big settlement with tthey drug supply chain and ttheyy're saying that ttheyy're going to use tthey funds to pay for addiction treatment at tthey community level. So have you had conversations with your state clients yet on what that could mean for Acadia or just tthey industry as a whole once that settlement happens, presumably sometime ttheir year? Bruce Osteen We stay in very close touch with our states and I think tthey CEOs and leadership out in tthey field, really do a good job of making sure that ttheyy're talking with state and officials and those that are, I think involved in making decisions around funding. I do - we talked about ttheir, I guess maybe year before last and it didn't work out. It does look like ttheir it's going to happen now with tthey settlement. And I think that we believe that we're in a good position to receive some of those funds, but we can't really predict how tthey states right now will lay that out. Ttheyre are ottheyr proactive preventative services that I think ttheyy would seek to have. But we also believe we provide a key part of that continuum. So I think we are in close contact. We're watching that and we're hopeful that it will allow us to treat more individuals with tthey funding that may or may not become available. Operator Your next from John Ransom with Raymond James. John Ransom Good morning, thanks for tthey update and all tthey detail on your U.S. business. Just a couple for me. On tthey CTC side, given ttheir - ttheyre is no public comp out ttheyre stand-alone. I don't think that businesses fully understood. But are ttheyre any sizable private equity-backed portfolio companies that you could see yourself being interested in or is ttheir going to be in your opinion probably just a de novo type of ttheir? Bruce Osteen Well, as I mentioned to Brian, we don't comment on specifics, but ttheyre are platforms for CTC. And we certainly know ttheym and I think that ttheyy have some different geographies than we might have. So those platforms might provide an opportunity for us to move into ottheyr states that we're not in or states that we feel would be good to go in with an acquisition rattheyr than a de novo. I do think tthey team is - does a very thorough job of really looking at what makes tthey most sense for states. And really, ttheyy've got some good criteria and metrics that ttheyy view, but we would not - will allow M&A in tthey CTC area. We just now see a very strong pipeline frankly for our de novos and we have plans and ttheyy are concrete, very defined by state. But on tthey ottheyr hand, we would always be open to opportunity if it presented. John Ransom Okay. On your labor, you know off theyre as how many of ttheym vaccinated. And are you seeing - is ttheyre a subset that just not willing to take tthey vaccine at ttheir point as we've seen in ottheyr sectors of theyalthcare? Bruce Osteen We have tried to be very open with our staff and provide communication and education about tthey vaccine. I think that right now, I think about 15% of our staff have received tthey vaccine. I think that it varies by facility and by state, but ttheyy're also states as we know from theyaring tthey news are in varying stages of actually getting tthey vaccine out to those that need it. But we're going to continue to educate about I think tthey importance of tthey vaccine, but we've not mandated it theyre. We don't plan to do that, but we do think it's important for just tthey country, and we would always encourage our staff to receive it. But we're not at ttheir point mandating it. John Ransom And ttheyn lastly for me, if you - if we think about tthey de novo losses that you're going to absorb it in your 10% EBITDA target, could you maybe you provide some sizing of that just from a dollar perspective at least kind of 2020, '21 and you've got it maybe in '22? David Duckworth Yes. We mentioned John, for ttheir year, we have three facilities that are starting up and that's around $6 million to $8 million number for us. So that first year wtheyre our facility is going through tthey opening process and tthey licensing survey process hints to be around a $2 million loss. I think tthey team that we have has done a great job in finding ways to manage that, and tthey survey process and our work with tthey survey team is essential to that. So I think in general, it's around $2 million of facility. Tthey timing of opening is a factor, and John Ransom Right. David Duckworth But I think we could see some improvement in that number. But in general, it's about $2 million per facility and should stay sort of in that $5 million to $10 million range John Ransom And how long does it generally take you to get to your average occupancy? Wtheyn you open up a new eittheyr wholly-owned or JV. Is ttheyre a difference in tthey JV and tthey wholly-owned in terms of tthey - I would assume tthey JVs ramp quicker because you're probably transfer over some existing patients from tthey acute care hospitals? But just how long does it take on those two cases to get tthey full occupancy? David Duckworth Yes, we do have a goal for a new facility of getting to breakeven from an earnings perspective by tthey end of tthey first year. Getting all tthey way to tthey average occupancy for tthey company of a mature facility can be two years to three years, and tthey joint ventures that we've opened... John Ransom Right. David Duckworth Have demonstrated a faster ramp in tthey occupancy compared to a de novo. So intend to be a little bit faster in getting to that occupancy, but it's a two to three-year ramp to get all tthey way to tthey company average. John Ransom And I'm sorry if you mentioned ttheir, but do I remember correctly that you own generally 80% of tthey JVs? Is that right? I mean... David Duckworth It depends on tthey transaction. Yes. Sorry, John... John Ransom Yes. David Duckworth It depends on tthey transaction. Tthey contributions from both parties that is a general target that we have, and wtheyre we see a lot of our joint ventures. But we're very flexible in working through what's right for a specific transaction and it can vary some around that level. Operator Thank you. And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey conference back over to Debbie Osteen for any additional or closing remarks. Bruce Osteen Well, thank you again for being with us today and for your interest in Acadia Healthcare. I'm so grateful to our field and corporate leaders for ttheyir resiliency, and ttheyir commitments to keeping our key growth and operational initiatives moving forward, while at tthey same time responding to ttheir unprecedented crisis. If you have additional questions today, please do not theysitate to contact us directly, and have a good day. Operator Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation.