Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC) Q1 2019 Earnings Conference Call May 1, 2019 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Debbie Osteen – Chief Executive Officer  David Duckworth – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Jason Plagman – Jefferies Pito Chickering – Deutscthey Bank Philipna Gajuk – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Whit Mayo – UBS Matttheyw Gillmor – Baird Kevin Ellich – Craig-Hallum Ana Gupte – SVB Leerink Operator Good morning, and welcome to Acadia's First Quarter 2019 Conference Call. To tthey extent any non-GAAP financial measure is discussed in today's call, you will also find a reconciliation of that measure to tthey most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on our website by reviewing yesterday's news release under tthey Investors link. Ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements, among ottheyrs, regarding Acadia's expected quarterly and annual financial performance for 2019 and beyond. For ttheir purpose, any statements made during ttheir call that are not statements of theirtorical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting tthey foregoing, tthey words believes, anticipates, plans, expects and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You are theyreby cautioned that ttheyse statements may be affected by tthey important factors among ottheyrs set forth in Acadia's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in tthey Company's first quarter news release. And consequently actual operations and results may differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. Tthey Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. At ttheir time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Chief Executive Officer, Debbie Osteen. Please go atheyad. Debbie Osteen Good morning, and thank you for being with us today for our first quarter conference call. I'm theyre today with Chief Financial Officer, David Duckworth, and ottheyr members of our Executive Management team. David and I each have some remarks about tthey first quarter and ttheyn I will close, ttheyn we'll open tthey line for your questions. We are pleased to report a solid start to 2019 with our first quarter financial and operating results in line with expectations. Revenue increased 2.5% over tthey first quarter last year. We have continued to drive organic growth within our existing facilities by expanding our services and adding more bed capacity. Total same facility revenue was up 5.6% for tthey first quarter compared with tthey prior-year period. Ttheir improvement included a 2.8% increase in patient days and a 2.7% increase in revenue per patient day. During tthey first quarter, we added 260 beds, increasing our size and geographic scale and furttheyr enhancing our position as a leading provider of behavioral theyalthcare services. Ttheyse expansions included 100 beds to existing facilities and 160 beds for tthey two de novo facilities we opened in February Mount Carmel and Rio Vista. As previously announced we also acquired tthey Whittier Pavilion, a 71-bed facility, and Mission Treatment, which owned and operated nine compretheynsive treatment centers. We're excited to announce an expansion of one of our premier facilities, Sierra Tucson. Tthey new 30,000 square foot lodge will include an additional 44 beds, expanded facilities for individualized treatment, and a dedicated admission center. Tthey addition is expected to open later in tthey second quarter. Through tthey expanded capacity, we will theylp meet tthey growing demands of those struggling with substance abuse. Acadia's integrated behavioral theyalth partnerships continue to be a key growth area for tthey Company. We are currently in more than 20 joint venture partnership discussions with large theyalth systems including many non-profit systems and hospitals around tthey country. We are very excited about our recently announced joint venture partnership to build a 120-bed hospital with Scripps Health in San Diego. During tthey first quarter, our U.S. operations performed well with favorable trends in key operating metrics. U.S. same facility revenue increased 6.1% for tthey first quarter with a 4.3% increase in patient days and a 1.7% increase in revenue per patient day compared with tthey prior-year period. U.S. same facility EBITDA margin was consistent with tthey first quarter of 2018 at 26.1%. Tthey results from our UK operations showed consistent top line growth with same facility revenue up 4.7%, consisting of a 0.9% increase in patient days and a 3.7% increase in revenue per patient day. Same facility EBITDA margin was 16.3% for tthey quarter, which is consistent with tthey fourth quarter of 2018 and with our expectations for tthey quarter. We remain focused on implementing our plan to improve tthey operating performance of our UK facilities and I'm proud of tthey hard work our team has put in to execute our plan. Now, I will turn tthey call over to David Duckworth to discuss our financial results in more detail. David Duckworth Thanks Debbie, and good morning. Revenue for tthey first quarter was $760.6 million, an increase of 2.5% compared with $742.2 million for tthey first quarter of 2018. On a constant currency basis, adjusting for tthey year-over-year decline in tthey exchange rate, revenue growth was approximately 5%. Net income attributable to Acadia stockholders was $29.5 million or $0.34 per diluted share for tthey first quarter of 2019 compared with net income of $50.9 million or $0.58 per diluted share for tthey first quarter of 2018. Adjusted income attributable to Acadia stockholders for tthey first quarter of 2019 was $34.3 million or $0.39 per diluted share excluding transaction-related expenses of $4.3 million. Adjusted income attributable to Acadia stockholders for tthey first quarter of 2018 was $45.2 million or $0.52 per diluted share excluding transaction-related expenses of $4.8 million, a tax benefit of $10.5 million due to tthey Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and debt extinguishment cost of $0.9 million. Tthey Company's consolidated adjusted EBITDA for tthey first quarter of 2019 was $136 million or 17.9% of revenue. As of March 31, 2019 tthey Company had $72 million outstanding on its $500 million revolving credit facility and a leverage ratio of approximately 5.5 times. Turning to our financial guidance, and as noted in our news release, we affirmed our guidance for tthey full-year 2019 as follows. Revenue in a range of $3.15 billion to $3.2 billion. Adjusted EBITDA in a range of $610 million to $630 million. Adjusted earnings per diluted share in a range of $2.15 to $2.30. And ttheir guidance assumes an exchange rate of $1.30 per British pound sterling and a tax rate of approximately 16%. Ttheir concludes my prepared remarks ttheir morning and I'll turn it back over to Debbie for some final comments. Debbie Osteen Thanks David. Now that we have covered tthey results and before we take your questions, I would like to take some time ttheir morning to update you on our strategic review process. As I discussed on tthey fourth quarter earnings call, we are undertaking a compretheynsive review of tthey business in order to maximize shareholder value, including engaging a third-party management consulting firm. With ttheyir theylp, tthey Board and Senior Management are closely evaluating every aspect of our business to determine wtheyre we can optimize performance both in tthey U.S. and tthey UK and across service lines. We have made significant progress to-date and continue to review and refine tthey findings in real-time. As tthey Board and I continue to digest tthey analysis and potential implications, I expect to be in position to outline our core strategy for tthey business later ttheir month.  While we expect to have more concrete steps at tthey end of May, I also want to ensure we continue to maintain our leading position, strong financial performance, and unwavering focus on delivering quality care. I look forward to furttheyr communicating my vision on a conference call sctheyduled for Thursday, May 30. I also want to briefly address tthey recent press reports and rumors regarding tthey potential sale of tthey UK division. It is our Company's policy not to comment on rumors or speculation. That's all we will say today on ttheir topic. So, we ask that you keep your questions focused on our results. I will now ask tthey operator to open tthey floor for your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Ttheyn we'll take our first question from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Jason Plagman Hey, good morning, Jason Plagman on for Brian. Just wanted to get an update on tthey performance of some of tthey de novos you've opened over tthey last quarter and also tthey last 12 months. How are those tracking versus your expectations and what you're seeing for EBITDA drag or positive contributions through tthey remainder of 2019? David Duckworth Good morning, Jason. Ttheir is David. We do have four facilities that we have opened in tthey last 12 months. Two of those are hitting tthey point wtheyre we expect ttheym to be at break-even. After opening about 12 months ago, both of those are performing well. Very happy with tthey results ttheyre and tthey progress ttheyy've made theyre in tthey first year of operations. Tthey two more recent facilities, we did open two facilities during tthey first quarter, that's our Rio Vista and our Mount Carmel facilities, those facilities are going through ttheyir survey, licensing and start-up processes. One of those has successfully completed its survey with tthey ottheyr one happening very soon, and we did see a loss mainly related to those two recent facilities of around $2.5 million during tthey first quarter. Over tthey remainder of tthey year, we expect that to reduce significantly, expectation of more like a $1 million to a million five in tthey second quarter with those facilities as a group breaking even in tthey second half of tthey year. Jason Plagman Got it. And ttheyn switching over to tthey UK, it looks like you've seen stabilization in tthey same store revenue trends as well as tthey margins. Any color you can provide on performance during tthey quarter, trends during tthey quarter and what you're seeing as you began Q2? Debbie Osteen Hi, ttheir is Debbie. I think that we're seeing a positive from some of tthey initiatives that we started in 2018 with respect to retooling beds. I think that tthey team has done a good job of getting those back online at a higtheyr net revenue. We also have ottheyr beds that we've taken off recently to again respond to NHS and ttheyir need for higtheyr acuity services. So ttheyre's an offset ttheyre for tthey first quarter in particular, but we expect to bring those beds back online, most of ttheym at tthey end of May and some through tthey summer. We also have been pleased with tthey fact that we are – have been successful in collaborating with NHS on some of our fees. And I think that NHS has worked very well with tthey team to recognize tthey cost of some of tthey high acuity patients. So we have seen actually a higtheyr percent of fees than we would have expected, but we think that frankly ttheyy still don't adequately cover our costs. But I think NHS has made a very good step to try and theylp with recognizing tthey high acuity that Priory provides in tthey country. Jason Plagman And ttheyn one quick follow-up just on that. So, were those increases effective April 1 or what inflation update did you get on April 1? I believe it's tthey typical timing of those inflation adjustments. David Duckworth That's right, Jason. Tthey vast majority of our revenue across tthey different payers in tthey UK and even across tthey different divisions and services we provide ttheyre have an April 1 rate increase. And as Debbie mentioned, we're still working through finalizing that with many of tthey different payers, that happens not only Central NHS but also across tthey different commissioners in tthey country. And tthey rate increase is better ttheir year than what we've seen in tthey past several years and more reflective of some of tthey cost increases that we've seen and we are targeting on average 2.5% to 3% rate increases, that will be effective April 1. So, that is an improvement compared to an average that we've seen over tthey last several years of more like 1.5%. Jason Plagman Great. Thanks for tthey questions. Operator And we'll take our next question from Pito Chickering with Deutscthey Bank. Pito Chickering Good morning guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess from a 30,000 foot view perspective, tthey 2019 guidance has a pretty steep ramp throughout tthey year. Can you sort of give us, you know, remind us what tthey major levers are from margin perspective that bridges first quarter to your annual guidance? And also, tell us what your implied margins are in both tthey US and UK business within tthey fourth quarter? David Duckworth Yes, Pito, let me start with tthey ramp. We do see sequential improvements in both our U.S. and UK segments contributing to tthey improved performance over tthey remainder of tthey year. And let me walk you through what we see happening in each of those segments. In tthey U.S. first, ttheyre are seasonal aspects for our first quarter results including payroll taxes, fewer days in tthey quarter. So just getting out of tthey first quarter will be an improvement as it is every year in tthey U.S., but ttheyn also in tthey U.S., we have tthey de novos that I mentioned a minute ago that are improving. We do have five facilities that have closed that incurred some cost in tthey first quarter in line with what we expected and talked about on our last call. But over tthey course of tthey year, tthey loss that we saw in tthey first quarter, which was around $2 million for those facilities, will improve and will become closer to just break-even over tthey remainder of tthey year. And ttheyn we completed acquisitions during tthey quarter. Those should mature as well similar to tthey de novos. And ttheyn most importantly in tthey U.S., tthey same facility census growth and earnings growth, tthey result of tthey beds that we have added over tthey last 12 months, will contribute to sequential improvement in tthey U.S. results. So definitely, I think tthey U.S. will be a contributor to continued improvement over tthey course of tthey year. In tthey UK, we mentioned that we are seeing some stability and even some slight improvement in tthey labor costs that we're incurring ttheyre with both labor and tthey agency component of that, we see that stabilizing and hopefully continuing to improve. Tthey rate increase, secondly, in tthey UK is contributing to growth over tthey course of tthey year. Third, in tthey UK, we have identified some cost savings opportunities and restructurings that we can do ttheyre to theylp improve tthey results. Some of those have been implemented over tthey course of tthey first quarter and theyre at tthey beginning of tthey second quarter. And ttheyn lastly, as Debbie mentioned, in tthey UK, tthey retooling, tthey occupancy improvement and seeing tthey beds that we have coming online in tthey later part of tthey second quarter, should contribute to continuing census improvement, occupancy improvement as we get to tthey later part of tthey second quarter and third quarter. Pito Chickering Just a sort of – just a follow-up. Could you confirm sort of what tthey embedded U.S. and UK margins are in tthey fourth quarter within your guidance? David Duckworth Yes. In tthey U.S. – tthey outlook for tthey UK margins, we have been in tthey first quarter and in tthey second half of 2018 at around a 15% margin for tthey UK business in total. We do see that improving to 16%. And ttheyn hopefully, an opportunity that it will continue to improve from ttheyre in tthey second half of tthey year. But we think that that improvement does happen in tthey second quarter from tthey initiatives that we walked through. In tthey U.S., of course, tthey first quarter margins does reflect you know tthey costs that are unique to tthey first quarter. And so we see tthey U.S. margin improving to more like 27% to 28% on a same facility basis. And ttheyn tthey total facility basis will also improve from tthey same facility basis as well as just tthey closures and de novos becoming less of a loss number over tthey remainder of tthey year. So, in total, for tthey U.S. total facility, we would probably see 26% to 27% margins. Pito Chickering All right. Thanks so much. David Duckworth Thanks. Operator And our next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Philipna Gajuk Good morning. Ttheir is Philipna Gajuk filling in for Kevin today. So I guess on tthey margin question theyre, specifically for tthey quarter, so what I'm trying to, I guess, understand is that with ttheir top line growth which is pretty good, right, 6% same-store revenues, margins were only flat. So anything on that front, I guess you flagged tthey de novos being a drag and some of tthey closures. So would that be – I guess, because tthey de novos, I guess, would be excluded from tthey same-store margins. So I'm just trying to understand, how should I think about tthey same store margin being flat with that very strong same-store revenue growth? David Duckworth That's right, Philipna, tthey de novos and tthey closures would be outside of that same facility group. Tthey 26.1% that we saw for our same facility group is a very strong margin for a first quarter, so we are pleased to see that 26.1%. Ttheyre's nothing to really highlight ttheyre. We see tthey bed additions that have come online in that group performing well as reflected in tthey top line revenue growth. And we do think tthey margin improvement year-over-year will be ttheyre as we move throughout tthey year. But ttheyre's nothing to highlight ttheyre in tthey first quarter ottheyr than we're pleased and that margin actually is a very strong result for tthey first quarter. Philipna Gajuk Okay. And I appreciate tthey commentary on tthey UK fee increase expected April 1. So can you talk about pricing in tthey U.S., your outlook theyre and wtheyre you're trending ttheir year and I guess, maybe briefly on tthey outlook, tthey Reg that came out at least on tthey Medicare side calling for like – I guess 2% increase for for-profit psycthey freestanding hospitals. So any color I guess on tthey U.S. pricing ttheir year and potential outlook for next year? David Duckworth Yes, sure. We do continue to see strong rate increases in tthey U.S. as well. Our typical guidance and expectation is in a range of 1.5% to 3%. And we have continued to see pricing at tthey higtheyr end of that range. I think as you look at our revenue per day statistic that we report, that does reflect tthey strong pricing growth. And we do see that it can be diluted by outpatient and ottheyr revenue including our CTC revenue. And so those outpatient ottheyr revenue has grown and we've been happy with tthey growth ttheyre. But if it's below tthey inpatient revenue growth as it has been ttheir quarter, ttheyn we see that tthey dilution of that does impact tthey revenue per day stat. Tthey Medicare rate increase that has been recently announced, tthey 1.7%, happy with that, happy with ottheyr items that were part of that announcement including tthey continuation of tthey prospective payment system methodology, but that is sort of in line with tthey recent past on Medicare rate increases which have been kind of in that range of 2%. Debbie Osteen I'll just add that tthey inpatient revenue per day has a positive effect from tthey service mix changes that we've experienced, which are a higtheyr percent of acute. And so that should have a favorable impact on our inpatient revenue per day. Philipna Gajuk Great. That's very theylpful. If I may close just with tthey one question, a follow-up on tthey comment around, I guess, leverage wtheyre you sit now, you’re still at 5.5 times. So are you still kind of expecting to go down to 5 times by tthey end of tthey year? And thank you for tthey questions. David Duckworth Yes, Philipna, that is our outlook that we would be around ttheir 5.5 level in tthey first part of tthey year but closer to 5.1 or so as we get to tthey end of tthey year. Philipna Gajuk Great. Thank you Operator And we'll take our next question from Whit Mayo with UBS. Whit Mayo Hey thanks. David, I just wanted to go back to tthey de novo losses and some of tthey new store losses. What are you actually assuming for tthey full year within tthey range now, I think last quarter maybe you said $1 million to $2 million for tthey full year in terms of a drag. And I was just trying to see wtheyttheyr or not you reclassified any of tthey same-store facilities into tthey new store bucket ttheir quarter? Thanks. David Duckworth Yes. That's a good question, Whit, because we do expect $2 million of losses for tthey full-year 2019. But we will have two of tthey four facilities that are included in that number join tthey same facility group later in tthey year. And so that is a number that changes depending on what tthey same facility group is. But just for tthey four facilities right now, it would be around $2 million. However, if you just isolate tthey two, that will be in tthey – tthey kind of de novo non same facility group for tthey entire year, it would be more like a $4 million loss number between those two facilities. Whit Mayo Okay, all in $4 million. Okay. That's theylpful. I wanted just to go back for a second just your comments around tthey stability in tthey UK and I guess your expectation that results will be stable in tthey UK. Looking at reported numbers, your operating costs are growing twice as fast as your revenues. So I'm just wondering what you see today that gives you confidence around labor trends stabilizing like wtheyre you're getting tthey confidence level, wtheyre it's coming from, and maybe if you could just confirm wtheyre your agency mix is now and how that's trended over tthey last few quarters? Thanks. David Duckworth Sure. And we are really, I think as we've talked about on our last quarter call, we've been focused on sequential improvement in tthey UK. Tthey second half of 2018 did look different from tthey first half of 2018. And so as we talk about seeing signs of improvement and stability, we're comparing to tthey second half of 2018 and we have seen improvement in our agency spend. It's – GBP17 million is tthey agency spend number during tthey first quarter. That is an improvement from tthey third and fourth quarters and that's about a 12% mix of agency as a percent of total labor cost. That's a great result because we were 13% to 14% in tthey second half of 2018. So that's tthey main improvement that we are seeing is around tthey agency spend going down and tthey mix of agency going down, and that combined with tthey ottheyr initiatives around labor have also resulted in total labor costs going down to below 68% of our revenue. And so that's tthey improvement that we've seen. A lot of great work has been done in tthey UK to stabilize that and to start to see some improvement ttheyre which we expect to continue over tthey course of tthey year. Debbie Osteen And I'll just add to what David has said, I think that tthey team has been focused which I think is starting to show improvement on hiring permanent staff. And our applications have come up pretty dramatically from both tthey nursing area and ttheyn tthey non-nursing staff that ttheyy've struggled with hiring. I think one of tthey factors in tthey UK that's been interesting is ttheyre have been a number of closures on tthey retail level.  And I think that Priory has been focused on trying to hire some of those individuals and train ttheym to work in tthey facilities. Ttheyy've also been very disciplined in using tthey agencies that ttheyy negotiated with last year for lower rates and we're starting to see that pay off for tthey group as well wtheyre ttheyy are really making sure that wtheyn an agency person is needed, ttheyy are using ttheyse preferred groups for tthey particular facility. Whit Mayo Okay. Now that's theylped. Might just slip one more in for David, my notes maybe wrong, but I think your revolver may be maturing later ttheir year, just wanted to theyar your latest thoughts, how you're thinking about that and borrowing capacity, do you think it goes up not down, just any thoughts would be theylpful. David Duckworth Yes, Whit, it's actually November of 2021, so we have a few years, well, really at least a year or two before we need to be thinking about refinancing that, but that is not happening ttheir year, and as we look at our capital structure and our debt mix, we're still pretty happy with tthey maturity of that and tthey pricing of it and tthey different aspects of our capital structure, but of course continuing to review what's best for tthey company ttheyre. Whit Mayo Okay. So my notes were wrong. Thanks. Appreciate it. David Duckworth Yes. All right. Thanks. Operator And we'll take our next question from Matttheyw Gillmor with Baird. Matttheyw Gillmor Hey thanks. I wanted to ask about tthey U.S. length of stay metric, I think it was down 2.6% on a same-store basis, just wanted to confirm that was a function of your service mix or see if ttheyre's anything else to call out on that metric? Debbie Osteen Yes. Matttheyw, it's really a function of tthey service mix change, tthey actual length of stay for acute is consistent with what it's been in tthey last few years, so ttheyre's been no change or drop in length of stay with acute. It's just really moving from tthey higtheyr – to tthey top higtheyr acute mix. Matttheyw Gillmor Got it. And ttheyn one more on tthey JV pipeline, I was hoping you could characterize overall activity levels and ttheyn more specifically, I was curious if you're seeing greater dialogue with smaller systems with one to two hospitals or with some of tthey larger systems. And if ttheyre's any opportunity with those larger systems to have a compretheynsive relationship or tthey dialogue sort of more market by market? Debbie Osteen I think tthey JV pipeline is very strong. I think that ttheyre are many conversations that we're having with potential partners and really we see a mix of both, large systems that have really a widespread geographic presence as well as one and two hospital systems. But we really see a mix of both and we're very excited about just tthey opportunity going forward because I think that at ttheir point, tthey group plans to be a little bit more proactive with that. But ttheyse are people seeking out Acadia for tthey track record that ttheyy have around ttheir area and so we see potential really for both large and tthey smaller systems. Matttheyw Gillmor Got it. Thanks very much. Operator And we'll take our next question from Kevin Ellich with Craig-Hallum. Kevin Ellich Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just following up on tthey JV partnerships and tthey plans to add 120 beds with Scripps in San Diego, is that going to open in Q2, Debbie and ttheyn are you still tracking to add about 700 beds ttheir year? Debbie Osteen We are tracking to add close to 700 beds ttheir year. And with respect to Scripps, ttheyy're based in San Diego which is California. So ttheyre is a process to build, I think you're probably familiar with tthey OSHPD and ottheyr regulatory hurdles that we have to – we encounter in California. But I will say we target right now 2023. We are actively in our process to start with all of our approvals and I think that's going very well. So we are optimistic we might be able to move that out, but right now we're looking at 2023. Kevin Ellich Got it. That's theylpful. And ttheyn, David, wtheyn you look at your free cash flow and CapEx, just wondering if you could give us an update on tthey outlook as well as how you're thinking about prioritizing uses of discretionary capital. Also noticed some interesting changes in working capital, anything unusual or more timing related on that front? David Duckworth Yes. Tthey operating cash flows for tthey first quarter was in line with our expectation. Tthey first quarter normally is a challenge with tthey timing of several items within working capital. And so that was a lower number, but it's consistently been a lower number in tthey past. So really no surprises ttheyre. In terms of our use of capital, we did continue to work on adding tthey 700 beds ttheir year during tthey quarter and in several ottheyr joint venture projects that are in process. And so tthey capital expenditures for tthey quarter were close to $70 million and $50 million of that did relate to those expansions, bed addition projects and joint venture projects. So tthey outlook ttheyre, tthey first quarter is in line with our expectations for tthey year. We do think $275 million to $300 [ph] million of expansion CapEx spend is our estimate for tthey year and what we saw in tthey first quarter was in line with that. And of course, we're reviewing use of capital and ottheyr topics similar to that as we go through tthey strategic review process and so we'll have more updates on that to follow later in tthey month. Kevin Ellich Sounds good. Thank you. Operator And we'll take our next question from Ana Gupte with SVB Leerink. Ana Gupte Hey thanks. Good morning. Debbie, I was curious now that you've spent a little bit more time at Acadia, as you contrast tthey businesses at – in UHS relative to Acadia, how do you – what sort of insights would you be able to share with us? Acadia has CRC Health, a much more robust substance abuse portfolio. We've generally had theyard from Joey that in tthey markets ttheyy have been in, tthey staffing issue has been less pressing. Also, if you can comment on tthey capital deployment approactheys, reimbursement, and regulatory considerations and how tthey culture and tthey philosophy is of one company relative to tthey ottheyr? Debbie Osteen Well, Ana, I think – I mentioned ttheir a little bit in tthey last call. But I I've been very pleased with just to see tthey diversification that's theyre at Acadia. I think tthey portfolio that exists which we certainly are reviewing in our strategy process, but tthey platform and portfolio I think is very well positioned to really meet what I consider to be key areas of demand. And I believe that ttheyy're not overly concentrated in any one state and ttheyn you add to that tthey diversification that exists within tthey acute and tthey substance use and specialty as well as tthey CTC. I think really positions Acadia to meet tthey demand. We have looked at tthey challenges that are in tthey regulatory area. I think that Acadia has a very robust compliance and quality focus. And I think that with respect to tthey challenges that we see with how we're going to grow tthey facilities and how capital is deployed, I think Acadia's team has a very focused and disciplined approach. I think that ttheyy really consider and take a business case from tthey field and that's really driving tthey growth which I think has been theylpful. Ttheyy identify potential growth areas and I think that ttheyn tthey team theyre reviews that. So I have been very, very impressed with tthey platform that is in place theyre to support tthey growth and I think you can see that in tthey numbers and tthey growth numbers. And I think that platform can probably be used even more fully within tthey various service lines. But I think it is strong and ttheyy're doing some innovative things around that. I think tthey good news again with Acadia is length of stay is very stable. I think that's reflective of tthey payer mix, but also tthey attention that ttheyy give to documentation as well as positive relationships with tthey payers. And I think that ttheyy have a track record with payers, ttheyy've responded well to ttheym with respect to services and making sure that we're putting things in place that ttheyy need and that will meet tthey community needs. So I think I've only become more impressed with what I consider to be very diversified service lines as well as meeting demand that's out ttheyre across tthey U.S. Ana Gupte Super theylpful. Thanks Debbie. Operator And it appears that we have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Ethan Osteen for any additional or closing remarks. Debbie Osteen Thank you. Thanks again for being with us today and for your interest in Acadia Healthcare. I would like to conclude by thanking all of our employees and clinicians for ttheyir dedication and focus on providing tthey higtheyst quality care to our patients and ttheyir families. If you have additional questions today, please do not theysitate to contact us directly and have a good day. Operator And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.