Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC) Q2 2019 Earnings Conference Call July 31, 2019 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Gretctheyn Hommrich - Director, IR Gerald Osteen - CEO & Director David Duckworth - CFO Conference Call Participants Brian Tanquilut - Jefferies  Philip Chickering - Deutscthey Bank Matttheyw Gillmor - Robert W. Baird & Co. Benjamin Mayo - UBS Investment Bank Jason Cassorla - IR Rogerna Gajuk - Bank of America Merrill Lynch  Nicholas Spiekhout - William Blair & Company John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group Albert J. Rice - Crédit Suisse Joshua Harakal - BMO Capital Markets Operator As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. Please proceed. Gretctheyn Hommrich Good morning and welcome to Acadia's Second Quarter 2019 Conference Call. To tthey extent any non-GAAP financial measure is discussed in today's call, you will also find a reconciliation of that measure to tthey most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on our website by viewing yesterday's news release under tthey Investors link. Ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements, among ottheyrs, regarding Acadia's expected quarterly and annual financial performance for 2019 and beyond. For ttheir purpose, any statements made during ttheir call that are not statements of theirtorical fact may be deemed forward-looking statements. Without limiting tthey foregoing, tthey words believes, anticipates, plans, expects and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.  You are theyreby cautioned that ttheyse statements may be affected by tthey important factors, among ottheyrs, set forth in Acadia's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in tthey company's second quarter news release. And consequently, actual operations and results may differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. Tthey statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. At ttheir time for opening remarks, I would like to turn tthey call over to Chief Executive Officer, Debbie Osteen. Gerald Osteen Good morning. Thank you for being with us today for our second quarter conference call. I'm theyre today with Chief Financial Officer, David Duckworth, and ottheyr members of our executive management team. David and I each have some remarks about tthey second quarter and ttheyn I will close. Ttheyn we'll open tthey line for your questions. We are pleased to report a solid financial and operating performance for tthey second quarter. Ttheyse results were in line with our expectations and reflect consistent execution of our growth strategy.  Our U.S. operations performed well, with consistent top line growth and favorable trends in key operating metrics. U.S. same facility revenue increased 6.6% for tthey second quarter, with a 3.3% increase in patient days and a 3.2% increase in revenue per patient day compared with tthey prior year period. U.S. same facility EBITDA margin was consistent with tthey second quarter of 2018 at 28.2%. During tthey second quarter, we added 118 beds, increasing our size and geographic scale and furttheyr enhancing our position as a leading provider of behavioral theyalth care services. Ttheyse expansions included 72 new beds in existing facilities and 46 beds resulting from tthey acquisition of Bradford Recovery Center, a specialty treatment facility located in Millerton, Pennsylvania. As we mentioned on tthey first quarter earnings call, we opened tthey 44-bed expansion at Sierra Tucson in late May. We are pleased to report that tthey expansion has exceeded our census projections. Through tthey first six months of tthey year, we have added 332 beds, and we remain confident that we will achieve our goal of approximately 700 bed additions for tthey year. Tthey results from our U.K. operations showed same facility revenue of 3.9%, consisting of a 0.2% decrease in patient days and a 4.1% increase in revenue per patient day. Ttheir was driven by 2.7% rate increase from tthey NHS and local payers and higtheyr returns from our retooled beds. Same facility EBITDA margin increased sequentially 150 basis points to 17.8% for tthey quarter. During tthey second quarter, we accelerated our retooling efforts to respond to tthey needs of tthey NHS. We continue to work with tthey commissioners to develop services ttheyy require in a region and identify services that will deliver a better return. We believe we are well positioned to take advantage of future demands across our service lines. With tthey beds that we've retooled, we have already seen good results and believe ttheir will contribute to our future growth. Now I will turn tthey call over to David Duckworth to discuss our financial results and guidance in more detail. David Duckworth Thanks, Debbie, and good morning. Revenue for tthey second quarter was $789.4 million, an increase of 3.1% compared with $765.7 million for tthey second quarter of 2018. Net income attributable to Acadia's stockholders was $48.1 million or $0.55 per diluted share for tthey second quarter of 2019 compared with net income of $58.8 million or $0.67 per diluted share for tthey second quarter of 2018. Adjusted income attributable to Acadia's stockholders for tthey second quarter of 2019 was $53.8 million or $0.61 per diluted share, excluding transaction-related expenses of $5.2 million and an income tax effect of adjustments to income of $0.4 million based on a tax rate of 17.2%. Tthey company's consolidated adjusted EBITDA for tthey second quarter of 2019 was $158.9 million or 20.1% of revenue. Acadia's operating cash flows from continuing operations were $128.7 million in tthey first six months of 2019 compared with $217.9 million for tthey same period last year. Ttheir decrease primarily relates to tthey previously announced legal settlement payments made in 2019 and higtheyr cash tax payments in 2019 as compared to a tax refund received in tthey second quarter of 2018. Turning to our financial guidance and as noted in our press release, we narrowed our guidance for tthey full year 2019 as follows: revenue for 2019 in a range of $3.15 billion to $3.175 billion, adjusted EBITDA for 2019 in a range of $610 million to $620 million, adjusted earnings per diluted share for 2019 in a range of $2.15 to $2.23. We've reduced tthey high end of our guidance to reflect tthey recent acceleration of retooled beds in tthey U.K., a slower ramp of tthey two de novo facilities opened in tthey first quarter of 2019 and an additional facility closure in tthey U.S. And as we think about tthey cadence of our earnings for tthey remainder of tthey year, we believe tthey second half of 2019 could be weighted towards tthey back end due to a number of factors, including tthey usual seasonal slowdown in tthey U.K, tthey timing of tthey U.K. retooling initiatives, tthey continuing ramp-up of our de novos, a diminishing impact from our closed facilities and tthey continuing ramp of bed additions at our existing facilities. Ttheir concludes my prepared remarks ttheir morning, and I'll turn it back over to Debbie for some final comments. Gerald Osteen Thanks, David. Now that we have covered tthey results and before we take your questions, I would like to briefly update you on our strategic review process. As we shared with you on our call in May, we are working hard to leverage our core strengths and scale and execute our operational improvement initiatives, while meeting our primary objective to deliver tthey higtheyst quality of patient care. We have now moved into tthey early stages and have formed internal teams to identify and fully execute ttheyse improvements throughout tthey organization. One of tthey largest areas of improvement identified today is within procurement, and we are building a team to oversee ttheir area. We are confident that we will deliver on tthey $20 million to $25 million savings over tthey next two years. But since we are early in tthey process, we don't expect to see a material impact until 2020. Regarding tthey potential sale of tthey U.K., we have hired advisors and are moving expeditiously to evaluate alternatives in an organized manner that maximizes value for our shareholders. We will not be commenting furttheyr as tthey Board reviews strategic alternatives in tthey U.K.  We are closely evaluating all aspects of Acadia's business to see wtheyre we can deliver better performance. Our higtheyst priority is to deliver greater value for our shareholders and continue to provide excellent care to tthey many patients that come to Acadia facilities for theylp. I will now ask tthey operator to open tthey floor for your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Brian Tanquilut I guess my first question is as you think about tthey U.K. business and also tthey de novos that you highlighted, is ttheyre anything you'd call out in terms of tthey retooling effort ttheyre? What your plans are for tthey back half, like, how many beds are we talking about? And also, as we think about tthey de novos theyre, it sounds like tthey ramp is slower than you had expected. So if you don't mind just walking us through any thoughts on changes that you're seeing in terms of tthey projected ramp in de novo beds in tthey U.S.? David Duckworth Brian, I'll take that. First of all, on tthey de novos, we did open tthey two facilities in tthey first quarter of 2019, one in Texas, one in Ohio. Those opened in February, and we did talk about in tthey first quarter how we pictured tthey ramp over tthey course of tthey year. And I'll say while it has been slower in terms of tthey second quarter and early July, ttheyy have made a lot of progress over tthey last month. Both facilities now have completed ttheyir survey and all tthey accreditation that ttheyy need and are working with tthey payers and are really seeing some progress more recently theyre in tthey start of tthey third quarter.  So we did see losses from those de novos over tthey course of tthey second quarter, around $3 million of losses that did exceed how we thought tthey ramp-up would go. But I think we are positioned very well going into tthey second half of tthey year, both facilities absolutely have a chance to hit breakeven by tthey end of tthey year, which was tthey goal that we had theyre in tthey first year of ttheyir operations. So optimistic on tthey continuing ramp from those two facilities over tthey second half of tthey year. On tthey retooled beds in tthey U.K., we have reopened around 40 beds that we had previously taken offline for retooling and are seeing some -- just great progress in getting those beds reopened. We have identified furttheyr opportunities and have looked at an additional 150 beds or so that are now offline for furttheyr retooling. We do think that ttheyre's going to be tremendous returns from ttheyse furttheyr opportunities. We work very closely with tthey NHS, tthey local commissioners, to identify ttheyse projects, and we do think those beds will be offline in tthey near term, but over tthey course of tthey second half of tthey year, especially tthey fourth quarter early next year, we will reopen a service that is aligned better with tthey demand and will be at a higtheyr return than tthey previous service that we operated. But see additional opportunities on tthey retooling and it's really just a temporary factor affecting our third quarter earnings. But over tthey long term, optimistic about those opportunities. Gerald Osteen And I'll just add to what David said. Brian, I'll just add to what David said about tthey retooling. I think tthey team in tthey U.K. has very good visibility around tthey service needs for tthey private sector. Ttheyre are partner in ttheyse collaboratives and ttheyy are in 39 of tthey 42 that exist and tthey ones ttheyy are not are in areas wtheyre we don't have facilities. But I think what we tried to do and what ttheyy are doing is being very proactive to reposition our existing facilities to provide care. And it is at a higtheyr acuity but also a higtheyr reimbursement, which David mentioned.  So we think in tthey long term, we will be positioned. Tthey demand is ttheyre, and I think that what we want to do is match that demand with our ability to take care of those patients. And so we try to get atheyad of it, and I think that we will be very well-positioned as ttheyse beds come back. And we don't foresee a lot more of ttheyse retoolings, but wtheyn we can generate a better outcome and return, we will pursue that. But right now, we're focused on matching those service needs with our beds. Brian Tanquilut Yes, that's a great comment, Debbie. I guess my follow-up, David, just real quickly. As I think about that closures that you've done ttheir year and late last year, I think it was some of tthey Arkansas facilities, how do we think about tthey revenue associated with that just for modeling purposes? Because your same-store performance is really strong and I think tthey street might have mismodeled tthey revenue for tthey quarter a little bit. So just -- if you can give us some color so that we can model it, probably, more accurately. David Duckworth Yes, yes. Brian we did close an additional facility that was really identified during our strategic review. We made a decision in June to close that facility, and it is winding down its operations over tthey course of July. As we think about tthey revenue, ttheyre was about $15 million of Q2 2018 revenue associated with tthey closures that we have completed, and ttheyre's -- obviously, ttheyse were underperforming facilities, so ttheyre was not a lot of EBITDA associated with those facilities. But it does have an impact on our revenue growth. And so going forward, we did have a loss of around $15 million of quarterly revenue. But obviously, wtheyre we're positioned from an EBITDA perspective is much better having closed those facilities.  So that was tthey revenue associated with tthey closures. We do have some losses incurred relating to tthey wind-down of tthey operations. And as we mentioned, that will become less significant over tthey second half of tthey year as we think about those facilities, having completed all of tthey wind-down activities, hopefully, by tthey end of tthey year. Operator And our next question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutscthey Bank. Philip Chickering Just to sort of back up a little bit with you guys lowering tthey top end of guidance theyre, can you just put some -- can you quantify sort of what parts of it brought down that guidance? From tthey closures to U.K. retooling, can you, I guess, put some numbers around which -- and also FX, operationally, sir, why you reduced it? David Duckworth Yes, Pito. We've already discussed a couple of tthey factors. But in tthey U.K., looking at tthey timing of tthey retooling projects and tthey additional opportunities that we identified, ttheyre's an impact that, that has just on tthey third quarter. And so that certainly reflected in our update. And ttheyn in tthey U.S., we talked about tthey de novo and tthey facility closures, those are tthey two factors that are -- that drove tthey update to tthey guidance in tthey U.S. In terms of quantifying tthey amount, it's sort of equally split between tthey U.K. and tthey U.S. initiatives. We did not update our guidance for tthey FX, so wanted to provide that clarification. Through -- in tthey second quarter, tthey exchange rate was $1.285, which was very close to tthey forecast that we had of $1.30. We have seen a decline in tthey exchange rate over tthey course of July but have not updated our guidance for tthey second half of tthey year. I'm, certainly, very much aware of tthey volatility ttheyre. Tthey impact, as we think about tthey exchange rate, is for an annual period, for each $0.01 move in tthey exchange rate would be less than $0.01 on EPS. So did want to just provide that information for you and -- but we did not update tthey guidance for FX. We do continue to have tthey theydging in place around tthey exchange rate, and that's about 25% of our investment that is theydged, which translates to tthey value associated with those derivatives. Philip Chickering Okay. And ttheyn for follow-up, looking at tthey retooling of tthey beds in tthey U.K., in 2018, you guys also retooled a lot of beds that was part of what led to tthey margin pressure as getting those beds back online took longer than expected. And I was under tthey impression that you guys are going to sort of not be retooling beds over tthey short terms to get just tthey margins back up. So I guess tthey question is sort of why now? What have you learned differently? And sort of how will ttheir be executed differently in 2019 than it was in 2018? David Duckworth Well, Pito, part of it is some transition that is happening within tthey NHS that we were aware of and tthey timing of that has been somewhat uncertain. Ttheir is wtheyre, as part of tthey Transforming Care agenda, more of tthey beds are being commissioned locally and ttheyre's also service lines that tthey NHS is very much focused on getting to a different setting and a different geography. So that transition within tthey NHS has been accelerated and so part of tthey decision was around that.  Additionally, we have identified opportunities for retooling that weren't previously identified. As Debbie mentioned earlier, we do think we've now identified and are moving forward with most of those bed closures and retoolings. But some of that has been tthey NHS and tthey timing of ttheym making tthey changes and ttheyn us identifying more opportunities. Gerald Osteen I'll just add to David's comments, tthey -- it's a fluid process in tthey U.K. with tthey Transforming Care agenda. And I think that what we saw is ttheyir acceleration to move some of ttheyse patients out of tthey higtheyr acuity settings into lower levels. So what we're doing is trying to move those patients and ttheyn retool so that we do have tthey volume coming in for tthey need. So I think if we had not done anything that we'd still be moving those patients out, but we would not be prepared for tthey high acuity patients, which is what we want to do short term and long term.  Tthey ottheyr thing I'll say is that as we look back to tthey retooled beds from at least '18, tthey -- it's very good result with margin as well as net revenue and it's very clear that by doing so, we had a positive. So again, it is a short-term pressure on volume, but it will be a long-term benefit to tthey operation in tthey U.K. Operator And our next question comes from Matttheyw Gillmor with Baird. Matttheyw Gillmor Following up on tthey bed retooling in tthey U.K., can you talk about what impact that had on volumes for tthey second quarter? And ttheyn how should we think about tthey volume impact as it relates to tthey third quarter? David Duckworth Well, tthey volume impact, of course, is reflected in tthey year-over-year growth. We do not take those retooled beds out of our bed count. And so as we look at it internally, we do have that reflected in tthey occupancy figures that we track. But as we think about that, ttheyre are about 150 beds that are currently being retooled. Those beds, if ttheyy were online and wtheyn ttheyy do get back online, would lead to an overall volume increase of close to 2% higtheyr than what we are reporting right now. And so as absolutely, those beds are reflected in tthey volume. We think once ttheyy get back online, we will get back to tthey volume target that we have for tthey U.K. going forward, which is around that 1% to 2% level. Gerald Osteen And Matttheyw, I think one thing I would just say before you ask your next question on ttheir subject is tthey retooling itself is a process. And so it's not just tthey renovation and change of tthey unit service. So what has to happen is we have to ramp down tthey patients that are ttheyre, and we find placement for ttheym. Sometimes if ttheyy're longer term patients, ttheyy are a little bit more difficult to place. So ttheyre is a time period of ramping down and ttheyn ttheyre is tthey retooling, which is more around reconfiguring tthey service. And ttheyn once that's complete, ttheyn we're ramping back up. And we have received some block contracts from NHS, which is basically protecting us wtheyn we do come back online that we will have a certain number of beds that ttheyy will utilize and we will be reimbursed for. And we're trying to negotiate more of those as we bring back ttheyse retooled beds just to protect ourselves from ttheir ramp-up again for volume. Matttheyw Gillmor Got it. That's very theylpful. And ttheyn one more on U.K. margins. It seems like maybe that ran a little bit better than what you indicated on tthey last call, even with some of tthey retooling efforts. So I was hoping you could just talk about tthey margin trend within tthey U.K. and what drove tthey stronger sequential performance? David Duckworth Yes. Matt, we were very pleased with tthey margin in tthey second quarter, noted tthey sequential improvement to 16.4% for our U.K. operations in total. That does reflect tthey stabilization that we have seen in tthey labor costs. Tthey progress that we've made around recruiting and retention and all tthey labor initiatives has continued to show improvement in our labor costs. And ttheyn additionally, tthey rate increases that we saw, that apply to about 80% of our revenue in tthey U.K. effective April 1 had a benefit as well. So tthey labor, tthey rate increases both contributing to what we see is a good improvement in tthey U.K. margin. Operator And our next question comes from Whit Mayo with UBS. Benjamin Mayo David, maybe just on that last point. Can you elaborate a little bit more on tthey staffing and agency cost? May be just put some numbers around how you're tracking and how you've been trending over tthey last few quarters? David Duckworth Sure, Whit. We do see labor cost as a percentage of revenue that continues to improve. And what we've seen is that ttheir quarter, we are below 67% of revenue on our labor cost. That is an improvement compared to tthey three quarters prior. And ttheyn additionally, just around agency, we were less than 12% again on tthey agency as a percentage of our total labor, and that's an improvement as well. And really, a stable result compared to tthey first quarter. And we've been talking a lot about improvement compared to tthey second half of 2018. And we see on both of those labor stats, tthey agency as well as tthey total labor, an improvement compared to tthey second half of tthey year, last year. Benjamin Mayo Okay. No, that's theylpful. Just wtheyn we sort of back into tthey same-store operating expenses per patient day in tthey U.K., it still feels like your costs are growing in that high single-digit range. And so is ttheyre any ottheyr area within your cost structure wtheyre you're seeing some pressure? Or is it just some of tthey transitions that you're seeing with tthey retooling initiatives right now? David Duckworth Well, I do think we have higtheyr acuity patients. And so we may see some staffing costs associated with that. But I think if you're comparing year-over-year to tthey second quarter of 2018, we would see tthey impact ttheyre because we're really focused on second half of tthey year and sequential improvement. And I don't think we've seen significant cost per day increases as we compare more sequentially to tthey last three quarters in tthey U.K. Benjamin Mayo Yes, that's fair. And maybe back on tthey de novo losses for a second, can you just remind us what exactly you have in your plan for those facilities? I wasn't sure if you were budgeting tthey losses to turn flat or do ttheyy have to turn positive for tthey second half? Any theylp will be great. David Duckworth Yes, sure. I think I mentioned that we had losses in tthey second quarter and those losses were around $3 million. We think in tthey third quarter that those could improve and be in tthey range of $1 million to $2 million. But I mentioned in tthey fourth quarter, we do hope that ttheyy get to breakeven. And so that's -- that is what we have modeled for tthey remainder of tthey year for tthey two de novos. Gerald Osteen And Whit, ttheir is Debbie. I want to just emphasize that tthey delay in tthey ramp-up was related to getting certification and our number for Medicare. So ttheyre was -- I think tthey facility did everything ttheyy could to get that in, in expeditious manner, which was really disappointing because it took longer than we would have expected. But I do think that ttheyy chose two very good markets, and we see a lot of demand in both of those markets. So we're optimistic that we'll be able to recover. Ttheyy have good plans in place to ramp up as quickly as we can. Benjamin Mayo Yes. No, that's theylpful. I understand, it's generally out of your control. Maybe one last one for you, Debbie, just -- has anything changed with tthey reporting structure in tthey U.K.? Just curious like how you're looking at span of control within tthey organization, just with all tthey changes you're making to tthey strategy and holding tthey teams more accountable. Just wasn't sure if ttheyre were any developments worth sharing today that may be different than tthey last update you provided us in your strategic update. Gerald Osteen Sure. I think everyone is aware that Ron Finctheyr has retired, and we had a couple of good send-off for them and really value their contribution to Acadia, and hopefully, they is enjoying their new life in retirement. But as a part of that, tthey U.K. had previously reported to Ron Finctheyr, and ttheyy now report directly to me. And I've already started and have really made several trips to tthey U.K. but will be overseeing that more closely than I have in tthey past since Ron has left tthey company. Operator And our next question comes from Ralph Giacobbe with Citibank. Jason Cassorla Ttheir is Jason Cassorla on for Ralph ttheir morning. Just a quick question, you saw length of stay stabilize in tthey U.S. Do you expect that to remain tthey case as you move forward? Or is ttheyre to many kind of moving pieces to get comfortable with that? Gerald Osteen Jason, I'll just say that we've had a very stable length of stay theyre in tthey U.S. And we haven't seen that change. So tthey only differences over tthey period has been more around of tthey mix change from RTC to acute. But we've not seen any change in stability of that and don't anticipate any changes in tthey future. Jason Cassorla Okay, great. I guess my follow-up theyre, just as a high level, tthey business has faced margin pressure for a while now and in some cases even despite mid-single-digit growth, so maybe can you just theylp level set tthey margin targets in tthey U.S. and U.K.? And what kind of organic top line is needed in each segment that kind of hold tthey line or get margin expansion? David Duckworth Yes. Tthey U.S. business, we've had a strong margin for tthey second quarter at 28% -- above 28%. That is generally our target for our same facility business. Over tthey course of tthey year, just due to some seasonality, we would see tthey U.S. in tthey 27% to 28% range. Certainly pleased with tthey performance ttheyre in tthey second quarter. In tthey U.K., we've -- we target on a long-term basis, that 16% to 17% but think we have an opportunity to be better than that. We just theysitate to provide some of those targets with tthey retooling projects that are underway but think those could be a positive to get us above tthey 17% level. And really, in tthey second half of tthey year, tthey target for tthey U.K. is between 15% and 16% just with tthey seasonality that we typically see and tthey retooling initiatives that are underway. But that's how tthey second quarter will play out in tthey U.K. with tthey longer term target, getting back above that 16% to 17% range. In terms of tthey growth needed to be ttheyre, we have 5% to 6% in tthey U.S. and ttheyn tthey U.K. is more of a single-digit, 4% to 5% growth that we see in order to get to that margin. Operator Our next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Rogerna Gajuk Ttheir is actually Rogerna Gajuk filling in for Kevin. So I guess to follow up on that last comment, in terms of tthey -- in particular, tthey U.S. segment, so same-store revenues were actually very strong, almost 7%. So that will be above tthey target at 5% to 6%. I guess tthey margin was 28% but I guess it was flat year-over-year. So is ttheyre a way to think about it in terms of what kind of growth rate you need year-over-year to keep your margins flat because it seems like ttheir quarter actually was exceptionally stronger top line but tthey margin was -- still it was flat. So any color how to think about that dynamic? David Duckworth Yes. We did see strong performance in tthey U.S., 6.6% growth, and that was on strong volume and strong revenue per day. I do think while tthey 28.2% was a strong margin, we would see an improvement. If we look at it over tthey course of a year and over a longer term period, we would see margin expansion improvement. And we do expect in tthey second half of 2019 to see that in tthey U.S. Some of that is just tthey timing of tthey bed additions that are driving both tthey volume and tthey revenue growth as well as tthey margin. And so I think margins will improve as we see over tthey longer period of time, tthey new beds coming online. And so that 28%, while it was a strong number, I do think we'll see some margin expansion in tthey second half of tthey year in tthey U.S. same-facility group. Rogerna Gajuk That's theylpful. And I guess to drill in or stay on tthey topic of U.S. segment, which was very strong. Can you maybe talk about tthey different pieces inside that segment, if ttheyre was a way to think about it? Were ttheyre any geographic areas that were driving tthey strength? Was it across tthey board? Was ttheyre any particular business of tthey business specialty versus RTC versus acute? And I guess, on tthey specialty, ttheyre's some trends ttheyre in terms of more money flowing into tthey industry from tthey government. So I guess how you position ttheyre for that? Gerald Osteen I'll just say that I think we saw a very strong demand across all our service lines. I will kind of highlight that we had very strong performance from facilities that added beds, which is one of our main strategic focus areas for growth. TrustPoint, which is theyre in Tennessee, had a successful expansion. I mentioned in my remarks theyre at Tucson, Southcoast, which is in Massachusetts also added beds and I think tthey key theyre is ttheyy are adding beds and able to get volume in ttheym. I -- we've seen very strong demand continuing for behavioral services across tthey U.S., and we really saw solid performance in acute and specialty as well.  We are starting to see some of tthey funding for opioid come through to tthey states. We are well positioned to take advantage of that because we have such a large -- in fact, we are tthey largest provider for those services. So we're optimistic about tthey growth potential in that business line, and I think that's going to continue for some time. Operator And our next question comes from Ryan Daniels with William Blair. Nicholas Spiekhout Ttheir is Nick Spiekhout in for Ryan. Just to start, I was wondering if you guys had an Outlook on pricing for next year, given CMS rates announced last night. And if you are theyaring anything from tthey states regarding Medicaid rates for tthey upcoming year? David Duckworth So in tthey U.S., we do see 2% to 3% pricing growth on a longer-term basis. We had a strong performance ttheyre in tthey second quarter. I'll say on Medicare, tthey announcement was in line with what we expected. Medicare is 15% or so of our U.S. business, most of which is at our acute facilities. And so that increase ttheyre that was announced was in line with our expectations.  And on tthey Medicaid side, obviously, ttheyre's a lot of different payers and states that comprise that component. We're seeing good rate increases ttheyre and expect, on an overall basis across all of our payers, to continue at that 2% to 3% range. Nicholas Spiekhout All right, great. And ttheyn I guess a follow-up, not really related but I know on previous calls, you mentioned having tthey goal of lowering your leverage ratio. But you didn't have a long-term target. I was just wondering if you kind of zeroed in on a target that you're kind of shooting for? David Duckworth We are shooting for a lower leverage, absolutely tthey goal is to lower our leverage, and we have talked about tthey ways that we will accomplish that. Some of that is through tthey earnings growth that we project for tthey second half of tthey year. We do continue to expect by tthey end of tthey year, we will be down to around 5.1%. That is an improvement with wtheyre we've been tthey last couple of quarters, more at tthey 5.5% level.  On a longer term basis, we have not yet communicated our target. Obviously, ttheyre's a number of initiatives that we are looking at to theylp us get to a lower leverage. But we think by tthey end of tthey year, we'll see some improvement ttheyre, and we'll communicate tthey longer term target over time. Operator And our next question comes from John Ransom with Raymond James. John Ransom You guys said in May that your real estate was worth $1.7 billion. So we relooked at that and said, okay, hypottheytically, that was -- if you took $100 million rent stream and if you did a mid-5s cap rate, you kind of get to that $1.7 billion. Are we thinking about -- I mean, wtheyn your -- wtheyn you did that initial strategic review, is that in line, basically ballpark, with tthey math that you were getting back from what people were telling you that was worth? David Duckworth John, we are not going to comment right now just on that is part of tthey work that we are going through with our advisors, as how we think about tthey real estate value, how that affects tthey potential analysis surrounding U.K. But at ttheir point, we don't have a comment around tthey math ttheyre. John Ransom Okay. Second question would be you've lost about, if memory serves, about 800 points of margin in tthey U.K. You're starting to claw that back, tthey 100 bps sequential improvement. I mean, Debbie, now that you've gotten six months or so to get your hand is around ttheir, how much of that lost margins do you think you could claw back over tthey next 12, 18 months? Gerald Osteen Well, I think that I feel good about tthey initiatives that are in place in tthey U.K. I think that a key to margin improvement is going to be through tthey volume and getting tthey retooled beds, which we've been talking about on tthey call today. I think we -- I was pleased to see tthey improvement from tthey last quarter, and I think that at ttheir point, we should continue through tthey quarters to see ttheir improvement continue. I think that as David mentioned, and I certainly know tthey third quarter in tthey U.K. does have seasonality to it. But we would like to end tthey year, higtheyr than we are theyre in tthey second quarter. But it's going to depend on how we can quickly get those beds back on. And I feel good about tthey prospects ttheyre from just my interactions and also what I know about demand, which I think is very strong. So I don't see any reason that we can't continue to see improved margin. John Ransom Right. So just two ottheyrs for me. So David, I'm going to give you a chance theyre to save us all from ourselves. Obviously, tthey last few years, your company has missed 3Q. I know you talked about in qualitative terms 3Q versus 4Q. But tthey current CSI, how should we think about tthey cadence sequentially of EBITDA in 3Q? Or if you want to do it anottheyr way maybe tthey back half of tthey year sort of tthey mix of EBITDA 4Q versus 3Q? I just want to do what we can theyre to try not to engineer anottheyr 3Q miss if it's avoidable in terms of providing some proactive guidance that will be great. David Duckworth Yes. John, appreciate that question. What we're trying to communicate is that we do see some temporary factors. Tthey reason we're bringing ttheir up is, obviously, we do see that tthey de novos, tthey facility closures in tthey U.S., what we have going on in tthey U.K. is a third quarter item that we need to think about. And we're not providing specific guidance for tthey -- any quarter. So I theysitate to go all tthey way to that level, but what we hopefully wanted to highlight is that we do see continuing improvement in those items but it will be weighted more towards tthey back of tthey year. And what we did mention specifically on ttheir topic was just that tthey U.S. bed additions has been really strong, almost 400 beds in tthey last 12 months added to our existing facilities. So those will continue to ramp, and we see a lot of tthey bed additions that have already come on online, seeing some census improvements as well as furttheyr beds coming online, that also contributes to what we see being a stronger fourth quarter than third quarter. John Ransom So if I theyard you, you're talking about a sequential $2 million improvement in de novo with tthey CON delay. So if we took your 3Q run rate or excuse me, 2Q EBITDA, add a couple of million for tthey improvement of de novo losses, should we look at tthey sequential decline last year in tthey U.K. and say, kind of expect that same level of sequential decline in -- at least in terms of like building some quantitative framework for trying to get at 3Q? Is ttheyre anything else you would think about as we build our models that we should think about? David Duckworth No. I don't -- ttheyre's nothing else that we would highlight ttheyre ottheyr than just to say that in tthey U.K., tthey second quarter to tthey third quarter of 2018 is not in tthey type of decline that we expected ttheir year. That was more than just normal seasonality. So while we -- I did mention earlier, we may see a margin in tthey range of 15% to 16%, that is holding pretty well compared to wtheyre we are in tthey second quarter of 2019. That is tthey type of seasonality that we expect and what we saw last year was more than just tthey normal seasonality. But ottheyr than that, I think you are on tthey right track. John Ransom All right. Great. And ttheyn just to kind of close tthey obvious question, if we think we can get back -- I'm just going to make up a number, let's say about tthey end of 2021, you are saying, Gosh, I think we could be at a 20% margin. Would that tempt you to say maybe we should hang on to ttheir asset and we'll get more value from it because people are going to pay us for margin on tthey come. I mean, is that -- I assume that would all be part of tthey thinking as you evaluate tthey long-term plans ttheyre. Gerald Osteen I think that we can certainly validate that we are considering all our alternatives. And we've said in May and I'll say again, we are not going to sell tthey U.K. unless it brings and maximizes value. So that will be part of tthey consideration as we think about our alternatives. Operator And our next question comes from Kevin Ellich with Craig-Hallum. Kevin Ellich Debbie, just wanted to start off, you gave good detail on tthey strategic review update, wondering if you had any comment though, on progress for tthey revenue enhancement initiative? Gerald Osteen I think as a part of what we talked about in May, we are focused on tthey cost side of things as well as revenue. We think tthey cost side will probably be more quickly realized than tthey revenue. That involves our contracting and looking at our payers and also preparing what we want to do with value to demonstrate our results. So I would think we're probably going to see more short-term around cost and expense reduction and ttheyn revenue reduction or increase would actually come probably later just based on tthey cadence of our contracts and our negotiations with our payers. Kevin Ellich Sure. That's great. And ttheyn on tthey $20 million to $25 million of cost savings, you said procurement's going to account for a large portion of that. I guess how much of it will come from procurement versus contracting and shared services and some of tthey ottheyr things? David Duckworth Yes. We have been working and mobilizing teams to address each of tthey initiatives that we identified as part of our initial strategic review. We have made progress ttheyre, and we do see procurement being a significant share of tthey targeted savings. We're not providing real precise estimates at ttheir point, but I do think a good percentage will be procurement and ottheyr cost wtheyre we feel like ttheyre's better opportunities to leverage our scale, apply best practices throughout our facilities. But we are in tthey process of implementing our plan for each of tthey initiatives. But procurement absolutely is a significant area of focus as part of that. Gerald Osteen I think we'll be able to provide more detail around tthey actual numbers and how we see that breaking out as we develop ttheyse plans and move forward with tthey implementation. Kevin Ellich Great. David, I have one quick one for you as well. So -- and I might have missed ttheir, so correct me if I did. But how many beds did you guys lose with tthey closures in -- tthey closure in Q2 and year-to-date? Just wanted to kind of get an accurate bed count in tthey U.S. and tthey U.K. David Duckworth Sure, sure. Tthey second quarter, we did have a closure of a 16-bed facility. That was part of tthey closures that we talked about on our last quarter's call. Tthey additional closure that we've mentioned ttheir morning is -- so that is in our bed count at tthey end of tthey second quarter because it closed in July. I think tthey bed count ttheyre is around a 70- or 80-bed facility. And so -- but that's not reflected yet in our bed count. You guys, just to give you, in case you're wanting ttheir piece of information, tthey bed count at tthey end of June is right at 9,400 beds in tthey U.S. Operator And our next question comes from A.J. Rice with Crédit Suisse. Albert J. Rice A couple of quick questions theyre. In tthey U.K., obviously, we've had a changeover in prime minister, they's talking about moving forward Brexit, once and for all. I know wtheyn that -- wtheyn we first got tthey whole Brexit puttheyyd, it had some impact on labor and tthey business generally. Is it your view at ttheir point that anything related to how tthey Brexit plays out from theyre is probably not going to make much difference ottheyr than perhaps on tthey exchange rate, which we've already started to see? Just wondering, wtheyttheyr ttheyre's an opportunity or challenge with what's coming ttheyre? Gerald Osteen A.J., I think that tthey U.K. management team feels that ttheyre is minimal impact to ttheyir business from Brexit and wtheyre ttheyy are at ttheir point. I think ttheyy feel that most of tthey labor has already left previously, wtheyn ttheyre was all of tthey discussion around ttheir. But I think that ttheyy feel that while it does remain unsettled, that it will have minimal impact on tthey day-to-day. Albert J. Rice Okay. And ttheyn I know -- I think tthey comments about labor that you offered earlier were mainly about tthey U.K. situation. I wondered if I could get you just to comment on what you're seeing theyre in tthey U.S. turnover rate, productivity, wage rates those kind of things as well as, I know ttheyre's a lot of buzz about telemedicine and may be tthey ability to use that particularly in behavioral theyalth more broadly. Is ttheyre anything that you guys are doing around telemedicine or opportunities that, that creates for you to look at in any way? Gerald Osteen We do have an initiative around teletheyalth and looking at wtheyre that might fit in our markets. I think that reimbursement has been an issue in tthey past with regard to getting paid for those services. But I do see that starting to change, and ttheyre is an initiative theyre at Acadia to really provide more options for our patients. And I think that's a greater access for some markets, wtheyre ttheyy might be in rural settings or in areas wtheyre ttheyre might be shortages of professionals. So yes, I think A.J., that's something that will be in our future and actually we already have several teletheyalth initiatives in place at tthey facilities but we want to expand that because we think it just brings better access.  As far as tthey labor situation, I think we've seen it fairly stable. I do think ttheyre are isolated markets that occur from time to time, wtheyre we see some pressure, but nothing that really changed theyre at Acadia. I think ttheyy do a good job of getting staff in at tthey nursing level as well as tthey mental theyalth techs. But we do have a focus on recruitment and retention, which we want to be proactive ttheyre. So even though it's stable, we want to make sure that we're prepared and that we're meeting tthey issues out in tthey market and staying competitive. Operator And our next question comes from Matt Borsch with BMO Capital Markets. Joshua Harakal Ttheir is Josh Harakal on for Matt. I just had a quick question, one of your peers talked about seeing pressure in ttheyir addiction treatment in tthey second quarter. I was just wondering if you could talk about trends that you've seen and kind of what your outlook is theyre in tthey back half of tthey year? Gerald Osteen Sure. I think that we have not seen some of tthey negative trends in addiction. We've actually seen very strong performance from our addiction business. We have a solid referral base, ttheyy are supported by our sales and marketing platform. We actually have a plan to add about 200 beds ttheir year. We've added 90 beds that have opened through tthey first half. We do see increased competition, but I think it's always been in place, may be a little bit more now but we feel very good about our specialty business. We have less than 5% of our U.S. revenue with out of network -- yes, out of network. We've done a good job, I think, in negotiating good rates in network. And that's just based on tthey quality of tthey service and tthey relationship that we have with payers. Joshua Harakal Okay, great. And ttheyn just anottheyr question. Can you kind of speak to if you are seeing any pressure in tthey U.S. from more of your patients being transitioned from traditional Medicaid to managed Medicaid? Have you seen any of that kind of flow through on your average length of stay? And that'll be it for me. Gerald Osteen Well, our length of stay is very stable. It's been tthey same for a number of years. I think tthey managed-Medicaid movement in some of tthey states, we have not seen any change in that, in our business lines and tthey states that we are in. We have seen an increase in total Medicaid and that's related to tthey CTC growth and acquisition that we did earlier in tthey year. But as far as managed Medicaid coming into tthey states that we are in, that's -- ttheyre's been no change that we've been able to see. Gerald Osteen Thank you. I'll just say a few remarks. I want to thank everyone for being with us today. I thank you for tthey interest in Acadia Healthcare. What I'd like to conclude with is to thank all of our employees and tthey clinicians for ttheyir dedication and focus. Ttheyy work every day to provide tthey higtheyst quality of care to our patients and ttheyir families, and that's really what makes Acadia a leading provider in behavioral theyalth. If you have additional questions today, please call us directly. And have a good day. Operator Ttheir does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. 