Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC) Q2 2017 Earnings Call July 28, 2017 9:00 AM ET Executives Brent Turner - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Analysts Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Ryan S. Daniels - William Blair & Co. LLC Tyler Nicholas Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Chris Rigg - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Charles Edward Haff - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Operator Please stand by. We're about to begin. As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. Please proceed. Brent Turner - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Good morning. I'm Brent Turner, President of Acadia Healthcare, and I'd like to welcome you to our Second Quarter 2017 Conference Call. To tthey extent any non-GAAP financial measure is discussed in today's call, you will also find a reconciliation of that measure to tthey most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on our website by viewing yesterday's news release under tthey Investors link. Ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including statements, among ottheyrs, regarding Acadia's expected quarterly and annual financial performance for 2017 and beyond. For ttheir purpose, any statements made during ttheir call that are not statements of theirtorical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting tthey foregoing, tthey words believes, anticipates, plans, expects and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You are theyreby cautioned that ttheyse statements may be affected by tthey important factors, among ottheyrs, set forth in Acadia's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in tthey company's second quarter news release. And consequently, actual operations and results may differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. At ttheir time, for opening remarks, I'll now turn tthey conference over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Joey Jacobs. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter conference call. In addition to Brent, I'm theyre today with our Chief Financial Officer, David Duckworth, and ottheyr members of our executive management team. David and I, each have some remarks about tthey second quarter and our outlook for Acadia. Ttheyn, we'll open tthey line for your questions. Acadia's second quarter results exceeded our expectations and we were pleased with tthey improvement in our operations for tthey quarter. Ttheir improvement was especially clear with our stronger performance in same facility revenue on a consolidated basis and in both tthey U.S. and tthey UK. Even though, we faced very tough comparisons for tthey second quarter of last year, in fact, our 6.5% consolidated same facility growth and 7.8% growth for our U.S. operations were our best rates of same facility growth for tthey last four quarters. As our outlook indicated, we expected our second quarter results to be better than tthey first quarter. We were pleased with tthey results and tthey sequential improvement from tthey first quarter highlighted by revenue increase of $36.7 million, adjusted EBITDA increase of $25.9 million, margin improvement of 260 basis points, decline in salary, wages and benefits as a percentage of net revenue of 180 basis points from 54.3% to 52.5%, and adjusted EPS increased from $0.46 to $0.66. For tthey second quarter, we added 91 beds and we remain on pace to open approximately 800 new beds during 2017 in existing facilities and three de novo facilities sctheyduled to open in tthey second half of tthey year. In tthey third quarter alone, we anticipate opening more than 250 beds as well as adding beds to our existing facilities. We've also remained very focused at tthey individual facility level in driving additional revenues, primarily through program enhancements and ottheyr growth investments. We are continuing to actively evaluate additional acquisitions, primarily in tthey U.S., and we believe that we are well positioned to fund our acquisition strategy. Additionally, given our scale, operations expertise and independence, we believe we are an attractive behavioral theyalth joint venture partner for acute care hospitals, as evidenced by our most recent joint venture agreements in Ohio and Pennsylvania. We are very optimistic about all of our potential growth opportunities. We remain excited for tthey future and confident in our team and business model. Thanks for your time ttheir morning and your interest in Acadia. Now, theyre's David Duckworth to take you through tthey financials. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Thanks, Joey, and good morning. Tthey company's revenue for tthey second quarter of 2017 was $715.9 million, a 5.4% decline from $756.5 million for tthey second quarter last year. Adjusting for tthey impact of tthey divestiture, ottheyr discontinued operations and tthey decline in tthey exchange rate, tthey company's revenue increased 6.4% from pro forma revenue of $672.9 million for tthey second quarter of 2016. Adjusted earnings per diluted share was $0.66 for tthey second quarter ttheir year compared with $0.73 last year. And as detailed in tthey press release on a pro-forma basis, adjusted EPS increased 10% for tthey second quarter of 2017 from pro forma adjusted EPS of $0.60 for tthey second quarter of 2016. Adjusted EPS for tthey latest quarter excludes transaction-related expenses of $9.1 million and debt extinguishment costs of $0.8 million. For tthey second quarter of 2016, adjusted EPS excludes transaction-related expenses of $6.1 million and a gain on foreign currency derivatives of $98,000. Acadia's second quarter same facility revenue increased 6.5% from tthey second quarter of 2016 with a 4.6% increase in patient days and a 1.8% increase in revenue per patient day. Same facility revenue for tthey U.S. increased 7.8% from tthey second quarter of 2016 with a 6% increase in patient days and a 1.7% increase in revenue per patient day, while in tthey UK, same facility revenue increased 4%, patient days increased 2.8% and revenue per patient day increased 1.1%. Same facility EBITDA margin was 26.4% compared with 26.7% for tthey second quarter of 2016. Acadia's tax rate on adjusted income from continuing operations before income taxes was 24.8% for tthey second quarter of 2017 compared with 21.7% for tthey second quarter of 2016. Acadia's operating cash flow from continuing operations was $131 million for tthey second quarter of 2017. Turning to our financial guidance and as announced in yesterday afternoon's news release, we adjusted our 2017 financial guidance within tthey previously establittheyyd range, including revenue in a range of $2.85 billion to $2.87 billion, adjusted EBITDA in a range of $628 million to $635 million and adjusted diluted EPS in a range of $2.42 to $2.47. Ttheir guidance assumes an exchange rate of $1.25 per British Pound Sterling and a tax rate of approximately 25%. Our financial guidance does not include tthey impact from any future acquisitions and transaction-related expenses. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks ttheir morning and thank you for being with us. I will now ask Jeffrey to open tthey floor for your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. Our first question comes from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC Good morning, guys. Congratulations. Brent or Joey, just first question for me. You narrowed tthey guidance ranges and I think that ttheyre has been a lot of questioning overnight from investors on wtheyttheyr ttheyre is anything to read into tthey revenue guidance midpoint being slightly below tthey previous midpoint. Is ttheyre anything you guys would be able to provide in terms of color on how you're thinking about tthey revenue guidance adjustment? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Hey, Brian. Great question. No, ttheyre's not. At tthey beginning of tthey year, we set ranges as we always do. And in tthey middle of tthey year, we just tighten ttheym up a little bit. And that's all we did theyre was tightened ttheym up a little bit. Ttheyre's nothing ottheyr than just we're just narrowing tthey ranges from tthey beginning of tthey year. And as we saw in our second quarter results, we're doing terrific and we expect that to continue for tthey last six months. Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC I appreciate that, Joey. And ttheyn, my next question, we're obviously seeing a lot of theyadlines on opioid addiction and how tthey government's trying to fund and increase tthey focus on that. So, if you don't mind just giving us some color on what your view is in terms of how Acadia could directly or indirectly benefit from all tthey funds being thrown at ttheir problem. And ttheyn also, what's your exposure is to Methadone, for example? I mean is that one way to treat ttheir problem and what your exposure is ttheyre? So just trying to figure out how big of a benefit could to ttheir be for Acadia? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Well, as you know, tthey Cures Act and tthey money ttheyre is divided into two-year increments and states are beginning to work through that process of how ttheyy're going to treat more of tthey patients in ttheyir states for tthey opioid addiction. Now, we've had positive results in one large state already wtheyre we're going to get through our system about $4 million a year in addition from tthey funds that have been allocated. And now, we won't – that won't all drop to tthey bottom. We'll take care of patients. And ttheyn, ttheyre'll be a couple of ottheyr facilities in ttheir network that will be sharing in ttheir money. But states are beginning to work through ttheir issue, and tthey first state to get through it and to allocate some money, we were able to get over $4 million for that. Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC I appreciate that color. Thank you, Joey. Operator Our next question comes from Whit Mayo with Robert Baird. Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Hey. Thanks. Maybe just first on tthey volumes. Any pockets of strength to call out across any of your U.S. businesses, and maybe if you could just broadly comment on payer mix strengths. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Payer mix is very stable from tthey first quarter and tthey strength has been in our acute business, but it's been in all our businesses, but acute, once again, that's wtheyre we've been concentrating on tthey bed builds, it continued to be a lower higtheyr percent of tthey patient days generated for tthey company. And so everything else is pretty stable and we think tthey outlook is very positive. And as we have worked through tthey second quarter results and thought about it, it's very important if you're going to put up ttheyse – if you're going to meet tthey needs of tthey local community and put up good same-store growth numbers, you got to get your beds build. And that's what we've been doing and we will build more than 800 beds ttheir year and that's coming off of about tthey same number for last year. So, we're in a good position to continue to build acute beds, but we will build some beds in all areas of service and just focus on meeting tthey needs of tthey local community. So we feel pretty good wtheyre we're at. Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Okay. And maybe my next question, Brent, any just update on tthey UK operations, how ttheyy're trending versus your expectation. I'm just really more curious, now after tthey election, any change with tthey NHS or staffing changes. We've seen some hiccups from some ottheyr non-behavioral providers I'm not sure that supplies to you, but just any general observations on tthey current environment over ttheyre would be theylpful. Thanks. Brent Turner - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Well, I think as you see from our second quarter numbers, tthey UK improved for us in tthey second quarter over tthey first quarter and our expectations are consistent ttheyre with what we've said is that we're going to get incremental improvements through tthey UK over tthey balance of tthey year. We don't expect that market to be exactly in line with tthey attractive metrics of tthey U.S., but it's not far off, and we are not seeing just massive issues around some of tthey election issues. I mean, tthey behavioral theyalth needs in tthey UK are not going away. And so, ultimately, we believe, short-term and long-term, our facilities and our operations are well-positioned to meet tthey needs over ttheyre and we see good funding streams for that, again, both in tthey short and tthey long-term. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. And, Whit, I'll just add that tthey new team we put togettheyr – Ron Finctheyr and David Duckworth put togettheyr in December, both of those guys just got back from tthey UK. And we're very pleased with wtheyre we are ttheyre and tthey team we've got assembled ttheyre. So, it will be a little bit a slower growth than what tthey U.S. is because tthey metrics theyre are so strong. And we're very pleased with our investment in tthey UK and we expect ttheym to continue just at a little slower pace. Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Thank you, guys. Operator We'll take our next question from A.J. Rice with UBS. A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC Hi, everybody. Maybe just first on – I know you made tthey comment about tthey deal pipeline still being strong. I know ttheyre were some discussion about how quick you might be able to redeploy tthey Priory divestiture assets or cash, and larger transaction versus smaller ones. Any furttheyr commentary along those lines? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. We have active discussions underway to do that. And we're very busy looking in acquisitions both one-offs and larger transactions, A.J. And I can't comment any furttheyr ottheyr than we're working hard on those opportunities. A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC Okay. Okay. Obviously, not as much for you, but to some degree, ttheyre has been discussion around tthey industry about tthey tightness of labor supply and finding both physiatrists and nurses. Any update, you're thinking, what are you seeing in terms of turnover rates, vacant job postings and so forth, and wage updates and so forth? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. We still have – as we mentioned for tthey past couple of years, we have some isolated markets wtheyre it's a little tougtheyr to find tthey nurses or tthey physiatrists, but we've got a great team in recruitment and we have provided additional resources ttheir year into that department and we'll see ttheym – those resources be very fruitful. So, tthey labor market is tight, but we've able – Ron and their team and tthey recruitment department that reports to Ron have been able to find tthey personnel that we need to continue to put up 6% same-store patient day growth theyre in tthey U.S. So I think we can continue to do that and find tthey people. On tthey salary wage pressures, it's in tthey 2% to 3% is what we're seeing for wage increases and so – but we want to be competitive in all our markets. We compete with tthey Med Surg hospitals and ottheyr theyalthcare providers. So, we think we're in a good position and have been able to work through it for ttheyse past several years. A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC Okay, great. Thanks a lot. Operator Our next question comes from Ralph Giacobbe with Citi. Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Thanks. Good morning. Anyway to parse out tthey impact from IMD exclusion or maybe wtheyttheyr you think that's kind of aiding tthey strong U.S. volume or if that's still on tthey come and if you sort of feel that momentum of that can sort of be a driver into tthey back half. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Tthey only thing I have in front of me is tthey payer mix, which we disclosed inside tthey quarterly report, and it's very stable. Medicaid, just Medicaid, in total, is up a little, 50 basis points from tthey first quarter to tthey second quarter, and we think it's going to stay in that range. And so, our payer mix is very, very stable. And so tthey IMD, I think, is already factored in and we don't see – we just think it's a very stable payer mix. Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Okay. All right. Fair enough. And ttheyn, ttheyre has been a lot on length of stay pressure in tthey market, particularly in tthey U.S. You didn't see a whole lot of that in ttheir quarter. I guess how do you view length of stay? Do you expect ttheyre to be kind of some pressures on a go-forward basis or just general thoughts on length of stay? Thanks. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Length of stay for us has been very stable. And tthey length of stay, tthey utilization review process has always been tough and we've always done well with that process. Our length of stay, if it does slightly decline, is more of a function of more acute patients who have shorter length of stays versus our specialty facilities or our residential facilities. So, any decline so far ttheir year and really last year was basically just because we have more acute patients because we built all those beds. So our length of stay is very stable and very strong. Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Okay. Fair enough. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from John Ransom with Raymond James. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Good morning. A couple of things. Joey, how long do you have line of sight looking out over tthey next, say, three to five years that you can continue to add beds in tthey U.S. at ttheir 800 beds level? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. I see it accelerating, John. I don't - John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Okay. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. So not only are we going to maintain it, I think ttheyre's an opportunity that we could actually build more beds over tthey next three to five years. So if you were to average it, I think over tthey next three to five years, it's going to be above 800 beds. We see tthey demand and tthey access ttheyse patients need, and our people in tthey field, Ron Finctheyr once again, and tthey team ttheyre that they's put togettheyr. And wtheynever we go over tthey bed build reports, that's an exciting time of tthey month because we see all tthey opportunities for tthey next 18 months. So we're very bullish on tthey next three to five years. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Great. Secondly, just hypottheytically, let's say ttheyre was a deal somewtheyre north of $500 million in tthey U.S. Ottheyr than – would you be inclined to raise equity at that point to keep tthey leverage or would you look at maybe sale leaseback some of your mature facilities? Or how are you thinking through – or should we just worry about that bridge if you decide to cross it? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. I think as you've seen we've always done in tthey past, is wtheyn we come up to a large acquisition, we look at what is tthey best way to finance that transaction to give return to all of our shareholders. And I think if it was a transaction of tthey size of what you described, we pretty much know tthey sellers ttheyre and it's possible that ttheyy take some of tthey purchase price in shares of Acadia. But once again, we would look at tthey balance ttheyyet at tthey time of tthey transaction and find tthey best, most efficient way to finance it to return value to our shareholders. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Fair enough. And ttheyn, my last question, and ttheir is just more kind of accounting minutiae. As you start to build ttheyse de novos, on your reported financials are you going to add back start-up losses into your adjusted EPS and adjusted EBITDA numbers? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. We have no intention to do that. That's something we'll think about, John. We have no intention to do that. If it becomes something that we think we disclose, I think, in tthey past, we just verbally disclosed it. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Okay. And I think tthey last number you gave was 20, is that still tthey right number or has that number changed, as in de novo projects? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Oh, John, it could be more than 20. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Okay. All right. Fair enough. Thank you. Operator Our next question goes to Ryan Daniels at William Blair. Ryan S. Daniels - William Blair & Co. LLC Yeah, guys. Thanks for taking tthey question. I want to do a follow-up on tthey UK operations. I know you said tthey expectation, Brent, is for that to continue to improve, but number one how closer you want to achieve tthey $20 million in annualized synergies as of ttheir quarter? And ttheyn, number two, with a fully integrated care continuum in tthey UK, I'm curious if you're starting to see more referrals or if it's theylping your volumes by keeping tthey patient in tthey system longer now that that's been integrated? Brent Turner - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Okay. Ryan, I think David can give us tthey exact, but we're on track on tthey synergies, making continuing progress to meet or exceed tthey $20 million in synergy savings ttheyre now that we've been able to integrate tthey two businesses and work those. I think we actually have been positioned well across tthey continuum, even back to our former acquisition in 2014. And so, again, I think our belief ttheyre is that our positioning across tthey different levels of care and our commitment to invest capital in tthey UK and add beds were needed really positions us well to keep those patients in our system and really see ttheym throughout tthey process. So we think ttheyre's good stability ttheyre from that standpoint. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. And Ryan, ttheir is David. I'll just confirm. Our team in tthey UK has done a fantastic job on tthey integration. We are still on track to achieve tthey $20 million synergy target in tthey second half of tthey year. Ryan S. Daniels - William Blair & Co. LLC Okay. Perfect. And ttheyn, as my follow-up, just a quick question on tthey same-store EBITDA margins. Obviously, a nice improvement versus tthey trend in tthey first quarter, so congrats on that. But still curious, given tthey strong U.S. same-store growth, if you anticipate seeing kind of better margin expansion in tthey future. I know it was down about 20 basis points year-over-year ttheir quarter. Thanks. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Tthey 20 basis points decline over last year, last year's number was tthey higtheyst ttheir company's ever had. So tthey 28.4, we're absolutely pleased with that number. And so, ttheyre's not a lot of concern theyre about tthey 20 basis points. That is more a factor of last year. Ttheir was tthey best quarter that we ever had on that margin number, I think, or since 2013 maybe, and tthey 28.4, that's pretty strong. Ryan S. Daniels - William Blair & Co. LLC Okay, great. Thanks, guys. Operator Our next question comes from Tyler Hynes with Mizuho Securities. Tyler Nicholas Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Good morning. Thanks. Going back to tthey UK, can you talk about tthey reimbursement environment over ttheyre and what you expect for tthey next 12 months because I think you just finittheyyd tthey negotiations? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Yes. Tyler, ttheir is Joey and good to talk you ttheir morning. We are averaging more than 1% increase in tthey pricing over ttheyre for ttheir year and we would expect that to be similar next year. And one benefit that we're getting is that tthey NHS – our contracts directly with tthey NHS, ttheyir percentage is declining and we're negotiating more with tthey local communities, agencies that control tthey rates and we're doing okay ttheyre. And so we think next year will look a lot like ttheir year, over 1% increase in tthey rate. Tyler Nicholas Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Okay, great. And just staying on tthey UK, I know ttheyre's some thought with Brexit that tthey NIH could start outsourcing more of ttheyir beds to tthey private payers. Are you seeing that at all yet or do you expect that? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Our team over ttheyre is cautiously optimistic that we think tthey NHS will close more of ttheyir beds. And wtheyn that does occur, ttheyy look to us. And ttheyy've already given us some beds that ttheyy need and tthey service lines that ttheyy need that we are building for ttheym. And right now, I think we have more than 200 beds that are in that category wtheyre we're trying to meet tthey NHS's needs for ttheyse services. So, we have a good relationship with NHS and ttheyy know we have access to capital and ttheyy know that we will build as necessary to meet tthey needs, if ttheyy continue to close ttheyir beds. Tyler Nicholas Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Okay, great. Can I have a follow-up question, I think, that John asked? On tthey de novo expenses, is it $20 million that's embedded in guidance of startup costs? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. No. No. Tyler Nicholas Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Okay. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. John jumped to tthey overall outlook for de novo and joint venture opportunities with medical surgical hospital systems. Tyler Nicholas Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Okay. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. And so our pipeline is more than 20 and it's nothing to do with $20 million of expenses. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. No. Tyler Nicholas Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Okay. So, what are tthey expenses embedded in guidance, for tthey start-up cost I should say? David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. We do have three facilities coming on in tthey second half of tthey year. Just ballpark number, ttheyy maybe a couple million of start-up losses that we would incur in tthey second half of tthey year, but just thinking back to last few years, we have opened facilities every year. So we think about that for us is just a normal part of a year because we just continue to open those new facilities. We had it last year and we may have it in tthey second part of ttheir year. Tyler Nicholas Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Okay. Thanks. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. And if we think it's material, we will disclose tthey number on tthey call. Tyler Nicholas Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Okay. Thanks. Operator We'll take our next question from Chris Rigg with Deutscthey Bank. Chris Rigg - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Good morning. Just wanted to ask about capital deployment, obviously, you're talking about robust M&A pipeline and same on tthey organic bed development side. How do you think about deploying that capital versus tthey return you get? Do you get a better return on tthey M&A versus tthey organic beds? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. No. Obviously, tthey organic bed is incremental patients to us and that we spread tthey overtheyad of that facility across those extra patients. So, always, with us, tthey best return is put ttheym in tthey bed we have, if not, build tthey bed to tthey existing facility, and ttheyn look for good acquisitions that meet those characteristics of growth and in a market that can grow and that has been underserved. So that is how capital is deployed in tthey company. Chris Rigg - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Right. Okay. And ttheyn, with regard to tthey M&A pipeline, do you see more opportunity on tthey acute sort of behavioral side or is it substance abuse or residential treatment or wtheyre do you see a majority of tthey opportunities right now? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. We will continue to concentrate on tthey acute side. It would be tthey one-off transactions that might be on tthey addiction side. So, it's more on tthey acute side, maybe one-offs on tthey addiction, maybe one-off on tthey CTC opportunity that we have. So, ttheyre is too many substance abuse companies that have popped up over tthey last five years that do not have a long enough track record for our due diligence. So I turned down probably one a month of those just because ttheyy don't get through tthey due diligence. Chris Rigg - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Right. Okay. And ttheyn just one follow-up theyre and sorry, it's just not clear to me. But wtheyn I think about tthey very modest margin pressure domestically overlaid with tthey startup costs from tthey new beds, is that factoring into tthey same-store margin pressure or is that not tthey case? Thanks. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. That is tthey case because everything is now in tthey U.S. same-store numbers. Chris Rigg - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Okay, great. Thanks a lot. Operator We'll take our next question from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Great. Thanks. I guess, sequentially, tthey revenue acceleration on a same-store basis in tthey U.S, obviously, a little bit of a volume pickup, but really just more on rate. So is ttheyre anything that you would highlight ttheyre around rates? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. It's a focus of operations to be prompt in ttheyir renegotiation of tthey contracts and we've been getting some positive increases. So that is what's happening to tthey rate increases is that we do have more awareness, review, expectation that ttheyy're making sure ttheyy're renegotiating ttheyir contracts more timely. Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Okay. And I guess just to go back to that startup loss question. You said couple of million dollars, is that couple of million dollars per site that you are assuming ttheyre, is that couple of million dollars overall in startup losses in tthey second half? David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. That's overall in tthey second half of tthey year. Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Okay. Is that weighted to Q3 or Q4? David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. No, it would be spread over tthey quarter. And part of that is just tthey timing of wtheyn we're bringing ttheyse facilities on. We think that over tthey first year, ttheyy're breakeven, but just happening late in tthey year like ttheir, tthey six-month period would absorb more of those losses, but that's for all three combined, Kevin. Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Okay, great. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Charles Haff with Craig-Hallum. Charles Edward Haff - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. In terms of tthey 91 beds you added ttheir quarter and tthey 250 you expect next quarter, do you have an approximate split between U.S. and UK ttheyre? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Yes, we do. Do you have that David? David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Yes, we do. Most of tthey beds ttheir quarter were in tthey U.S., 80 of tthey 91. In tthey first quarter, 30 of tthey 82 were in tthey U.S. And we will see – for tthey second half of tthey year, we will – obviously with tthey new facilities in tthey U.S., we will see most of those beds coming on in tthey U.S. Charles Edward Haff - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Okay, great. And tthey three JV openings that you have in tthey second half of ttheir year, can you just remind us which facilities those are and how many beds ttheyy will be and wtheyn ttheyy're going to open? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Well, tthey three facilities are located in Louisiana, Peter and Arkansas. Ttheyre's probably 200 beds for those three facilities. So ttheyy equal about 70 beds a piece. Charles Edward Haff - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Perfect. Thank you. And ttheyn, on tthey labor side of things, have you found that you're having to use signing bonuses for some of those pockets wtheyre you're seeing some labor challenges? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Not for tthey nurses or tthey medical – ottheyr medical individuals that we might need in tthey hospital. Wtheyre we see signing bonuses, which has been customary for years, ever since I was at HCA, for physicians. That is just a part of tthey package that goes wtheyn you recruit a physician, that ttheyre's usually a signing bonus. Charles Edward Haff - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Okay, but not for tthey nurses. You're not using those yet. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. No. Charles Edward Haff - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Okay. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. And have no intentions of doing that. Now, I can't say that Butte, Montana might be using it, but 99% of our facilities are not using that. Charles Edward Haff - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Great. Okay, great. Congratulations on a good quarter. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Thanks. Operator We'll take our next question from Gary Taylor at JPMorgan. Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Hi. Good morning. Yeah, I'd also say good job on tthey growth. I think you'll be tthey only provider whose trends improve sequentially ttheir quarter. So that's really good to see. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. So, Gary, is that going to be your theyadline? Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC I think it already was. I thought you read those as soon as ttheyy came out. You must have missed that one. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. I don't know if I missed it, but tthey best of tthey best would be a good title. Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC I'll take it under consideration. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Okay. What's up, Gary? Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Two quick questions. One is just coming back to length of stay a little bit, which in tthey U.S. obviously was almost flat. It was barely down. In tthey first quarter, it was more of an issue. It was down about 2.5%. And at tthey time, you said it was really nothing. It's normal fluctuation. And obviously, ttheir quarter's results would suggest your intuition was correct ttheyre. But I'm just trying to think about – your average length of stay actually is up a little bit, 16.5 days versus 16.1 days in tthey first quarter and you talked about more inpatient beds, acute beds coming into that and obviously tthey length of stay is lower ttheyre. So, that wasn't quite a driver sequentially. So, I guess, we're splitting hairs looking at pretty small changes. But given that UHS has talked about some managed Medicaid plans, essentially approving fewer days in some states, I just wanted to come back, maybe ask that question directly. Have you seen any of tthey managed Medicaid plans being more stingy in terms of number of days ttheyy're willing to approve? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. I have to go back. Utilization review has always been – in ttheir industry been very tough. And our length of stay by payer, Medicare, we run about 12 to 13 days. And you can imagine tthey patient is older and takes a little bit longer to respond to tthey treatment of tthey pharmacology and tthey social issues that ttheyy may have. Commercial, that's me and you. We would probably stay seven to eight days. And that's pretty much been what it's been in tthey industry. And ttheyn on Medicaid, ttheyy're pretty similar to tthey seven to eight days. So, we might find a market wtheyre Medicaid might be six days, but we also might find a market wtheyre Medicaid is nine days. And so, tthey length of stay, as you mentioned, basically is flat and it's very stable. And I will give one peek on tthey length of stay inside tthey acute patient day length of stay was 9.2 days in tthey second quarter of last year and ttheyn ttheir year, it's 9.5 days. So that's slightly up, but tthey grand total is flat. So, hopefully, we don't see a reduction theyre, or you know, whatever. So we feel real good about tthey stability of tthey length of stay and even in tthey stability of tthey length of stay in tthey Medicaid population. Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Okay. And ttheyn one quick one, one last one, if I could. Really, appreciate tthey pro forma analysis taking out tthey divestitures and tthey FX because that certainly gets harder for us to do as we move all tthey way down to EPS. But tthey question is that pro forma EPS grew about 10% year-over-year. You've always been very willing to talk long-term about top line growth, bed growth, facility growth, including stay a little bit. How would you characterize what you think three to five year EPS growth should look like? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. For tthey same facility group, Gary, I think we're going to grow it lower double-digits. Now, what we want to do is add anottheyr 7% to 8% growth through acquisitions or through tthey joint ventures. So that's kind of how we're looking at it. And if we get all that accomplittheyyd in tthey year, ttheyn we're going to see EPS grow 18% and you can add 2%. To do tthey range, I would do 16% to 20% would be tthey range long-term and ttheir is looking out kind of like what John did on bed builds looking out. Ttheir is us looking out over tthey next three to five years. That would be our expectations. Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Okay. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Ana Gupte with Leerink Partners. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Tthey question I have is you have a peer, and we only have tthey two of you to really observe, has that regulatory coding issues, has that clinical staffing issue, is now also speaking about a length of stay pressure from payers and tthey mix shifting to Medicaid and tthey like. And it's somewhat corroborated by some of tthey channel ctheycks we've done at least tthey last one, but you're not seeing it, which is really great, and you had a good quarter. Is ttheir really that tthey pressures don't exist or is ttheyre something about being a best-in-class in-patient operator? And can you talk about what that might be that makes you able to deliver that better? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Well, Ana, yes, we had a terrific quarter, second quarter was terrific, but you can look at tthey year-to-date numbers and ttheyy're terrific. We – obviously, I think our team is better than ottheyr people – ottheyr companies. Obviously, I think that we ctheyerlead that. I think a factor that you can't quantify is, and Ron and all tthey senior management, we have a very much a different culture inside Acadia and we try to have a lot of fun and we try to work hard and we try to hit our expectations, and we happen to be in markets wtheyre we can do that. And tthey length of stay, it may go down for us, but so far, we don't see that and we haven't really seen it in tthey past, wtheyn acute patient days, length of stay is 9.5 days. And if you go back to tthey industry studies, ttheir has been since tthey mid 1990s, average length of stay for a adult has been in tthey 9 to 10 days and we are right in tthey middle of that for tthey second quarter. And it could be just tthey composition of our programs and our beds and our markets, but more importantly, my hats off to our operations team, Ron and that group are unbelievable. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Helpful. Thanks, Joey. Just to follow-up on that, if you tie ttheir to policy. Ttheir morning, tthey Senate didn't get ttheyir vote through. On tthey commercial side, is tthey likelihood now that essential benefits don't get repealed not just – is it theylpful not just for Medicaid, but because ttheyre's an interface with mental theyalth parities that we were theyaring that it'll actually theylp you or at least not hurt you on tthey commercial side? And ttheyn, if you can talk about what CMS is proposing around behavioral theyalth and value-based care? And how that even ties to Medicaid Advantage wtheyre plans are, as we're theyaring, pushing more to do just consults in tthey long-term care setting and not have – more outpatient and not admit patients. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. That's a lot in that question, Ana. First is we're glad tthey bill was defeated. I've not been a fan of John McCain, but I'm going to send them a get-well card. So as I have kind of said all along, I think nothing was going to happen ttheir year and it appears that nothing is going to happen. And ttheyn, theyy, ttheir will come back up next year I think, but we're positioned well. And at tthey end of tthey day, are you providing a service for a patient that needs it? Absolutely. And can you get a reasonable reimbursement for that, ttheyn you can make a business model. As far as tthey value-based, our association, our company, we are responding to tthey CMS on ttheir issue and we'll just have to wait and see. Tthey discussions are just beginning now on that issue. And our team is prepared and so is our association is very much prepared for discussions on ttheir issue. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Thanks so much. Appreciate tthey color. Operator And we have a follow-up question from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC Hey, Joey or Brent, just as we think about tthey cadence for tthey back – wtheyre guidance is and how you're thinking about tthey distribution between tthey next two quarters, but without giving quarterly guidance, so are ttheyre anything you would call out ottheyr than tthey start-up costs for tthey hospitals being spread out evenly or pro rata between tthey two quarters, anything that we should be thinking about? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. No, Brian, I think you should just – again, we tightened tthey range just to reflect that we're half way through tthey year and I think you take tthey balance and split it in half and you're going to be pretty close for tthey third and fourth quarter. Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC Okay, got you. All right. Thanks, guys. Operator It appears ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I'd like to turn tthey conference back to Mr. Jacobs for any additional or closing remarks. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Just thanks for tuning in and listen to tthey Acadia story. I just got back from Peter on a new facility we got ttheyre and had a great visit and we'll look forward to talking to you at tthey end of tthey third quarter. Operator And with that, that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.