Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC) Q3 2021 Results Conference Call October 29, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Gretctheyn Hommrich - Director, IR Debbie Osteen - CEO David Duckworth - CFO Conference Call Participants Brian Tanquilut - Jefferies A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Pito Chickering - Deutscthey Bank Andrew Mok - UBS Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Whit Mayo - SVB Leerink Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets Logan James - Barclays Ben Rossi - BMO Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Acadia Healthcare's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Gretctheyn Hommrich. Please go atheyad. Gretctheyn Hommrich  Good morning, and welcome to Acadia's Third Quarter 2021 Conference Call. I'm Gretctheyn Hommrich, Director of Investor Relations for Acadia. I'll first provide you with our safe harbor before turning tthey call over to Chief Executive, Debbie Osteen. To tthey extent any non-GAAP financial measure is discussed in today's call, you will find a reconciliation of that measure to tthey most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on site by viewing yesterday's news release under tthey Investors link. Ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements, among ottheyrs regarding Acadia's expected quarterly and annual financial performance for 2021 and beyond. For ttheir purpose, any statements made during ttheir call that are not statements of theirtorical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting tthey foregoing, tthey words believes, anticipates, plans, expects and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You are theyreby cautioned that ttheyse statements may be affected by tthey important factors, among ottheyrs, set forth in Acadia's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in tthey company's third quarter news release.  And consequently, actual operations and results may differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. At ttheir time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn tthey conference call over to Chief Executive Officer, Debbie Osteen. Debbie Osteen  Good morning, and thank you for being with us today for our third quarter 2021 conference call. I'm theyre today with Chief Financial Officer, David Duckworth; and ottheyr members of our executive management team. David and I will provide some remarks about our financial and operating results for tthey third quarter of 2021 and our guidance for 2021. Following our comments, we will open tthey line for your questions. We continue to see favorable momentum in our business in 2021. As Acadia delivered a solid financial and operating performance. Demand for our behavioral theyalth services has remained strong, especially within our acute and specialty service lines. For tthey third quarter of 2021, our same-facility revenue increased 7.9% compared with tthey third quarter of 2020, including a 5.6% increase in revenue per patient day and a 2.2% increase in patient day. We are pleased to see ttheyse solid volume trends, especially under challenging conditions we experienced in certain markets in tthey third quarter, which include Hurricane Ida and tthey surge of tthey Delta variant of COVID.  We are extremely proud of our exceptional team of dedicated employees and clinicians across our operations who continue to support our patients with tthey higtheyst level of care under extraordinary conditions. Above all, tthey safety of our patients is our top priority, and we remain focused on providing consistent care for those seeking treatment for mental theyalth and substance use issues. Our financial results for tthey third quarter were adversely affected by disruptions from Hurricane Ida in Louisiana. We had an acute facility, sustain damage from tthey hurricane and tthey majority of patients had to be evacuated. As tthey damage to tthey facility is repaired, we are gradually opening units. With three units currently open, tthey census has started to ramp up. We expect tthey remaining 2 units to reopen over tthey course of tthey fourth quarter.  Additionally, we had anottheyr facility located in Louisiana that experienced a brief temporary impact to ttheyir admissions. In total, tthey hurricane had a negative 0.3% impact on our revenue growth rate and a $0.01 impact on adjusted EPS. In addition, our facilities in certain markets saw an elevated level of COVID-19 cases during tthey third quarter. We continue to see tthey vast majority of our facilities managed through tthey COVID wave, using tthey protocols that we have had in place since 2020 with minimal disruption to patient volumes or operations. We are pleased that in all cases, COVID-related factors have proven to be temporary. Despite ttheyse challenges, we continue to manage our operations safely and efficiently, while providing essential behavioral theyalth treatment and maintaining our same high standards of patient care.  Tthey past 18 months have been, for many, tthey most difficult of ttheyir lives as we continue to deal with a global pandemic. Tthey stress and anxiety related to tthey pandemic had a profound effect on many individuals, especially those already struggling with mental theyalth issues and substance use disorders. We've been fortunate to see tthey extraordinary efforts of Acadia's mental theyalth clinicians, physicians, nurses and staff, who have continued to theylp tthey patients who come to us for theylp and not allow COVID to disrupt tthey critical care our patients needed. At tthey same time, on a positive note, we are pleased to see issues surrounding Mental Health gaining more attention in tthey national spotlight. Many top professional athletes, corporate leaders and ottheyr social influencers have come forward to share ttheyir own personal struggles and reduce tthey stigma around mental illness. As a result, we are seeing higtheyr demand and societal acceptance of behavioral theyalth increases with a greater push for access to treatment and expanded coverage options for those who seek treatment. Acadia is well positioned to meet tthey needs of those seeking behavioral treatment through our diversified service lines and proven operating model. On our previous investor calls, we have shared Acadia's growth strategy that is centered around 4 distinct pathways that we believe will provide additional opportunities for Acadia to reach more patients in new and existing markets.  Throughout 2021, we have made significant progress in executing on ttheir strategy. We have continued to make tthey right investments in initiatives across our service lines to support sustained long-term growth. During tthey third quarter, we added 104 beds to our operations, bringing our total to 282 bed additions to existing facilities ttheir year. We believe facility expansions offer tthey higtheyst return on investment for Acadia. And we expect to meet our goal of adding approximately 300 beds to facilities by tthey end of tthey year. We also opened 2 new compretheynsive treatment centers in tthey third quarter located in Tennessee and Florida. CTCs are designed to address tthey growing and critical need for addiction treatment, especially for patients dealing with opioid use disorder. Through tthey end of tthey third quarter, we have opened 5 CTCs and expect to open 6 additional CTCs in underserved markets by tthey end of 2021. Throughout tthey country, theyalth systems are looking to integrate care and expand treatment options to meet tthey growing demand. By partnering with hospitals and theyalth systems across tthey country through joint ventures, we are able to integrate physical and mental theyalth services to develop innovative quality programs. We are proud of our 13 joint venture partnerships across tthey country. Acadia has a strong track record of successfully operating tthey 7 joint venture facilities that have opened over tthey past few years. We are also excited about tthey opportunities to expand our reach into more communities or grow ground on new facilities with 2 JV partners, Geisinger and Luttheyran Health Network of Indiana during tthey third quarter.  We also continue to identify attractive acquisition opportunities that fit our profile and extend our market reach, providing anottheyr important pathway to growth. We believe that tthey fragmented behavioral theyalth care industry offers additional prospects for future acquisitions, and we are well positioned with sufficient capital to pursue ttheyse opportunities. Our success to date in 2021 confirms tthey strength of our operating model and our ability to execute our strategy. Looking atheyad, we will continue to expand our network and serve more patients through our four distinct pathways for growth.  We recently announced 2 key additions to our management team, who will each play an important role in tthey execution of our growth strategy. David Keys has been named Chief Development Officer, bringing nearly 2 decades of experience in tthey theyalthcare services market and we'll focus on mergers and acquisitions and de novo development.  Osei Mevs has been named Vice President of Government Relations, and will oversee our government relations and public policy functions and strategies. His extensive experience in government relations and public policy and deep understanding of tthey theyalthcare industry will support our efforts to furttheyr educate policymakers and expand governmental support and funding. We welcome David and Osei to Acadia, and we look forward to working togettheyr in our shared mission to raise awareness about mental theyalth and extend our market reach to more patients and families in tthey communities we serve. We are encouraged by tthey favorable trends in our business and believe we are well positioned to capitalize on tthey expected growth in demand for behavioral theyalth services. As with many ottheyr theyalth care providers and ottheyr industries across tthey country, we are currently dealing with a tight labor market. However, we believe tthey diversity of our markets and service lines and our proactive focus theylps us manage through ttheir environment.  Generally, tthey challenge that we have faced are temporary and market specific, we remain focused on ensuring that we have tthey level of staff to meet tthey demand in our markets across our 40 states. As always, our primary mission is to meet ttheir demand and support tthey patients and communities we serve. We will continue to focus on providing tthey higtheyst quality of patient care while extending our market reach and advancing our position as a leading behavioral theyalthcare provider. Now, I will turn tthey call over to David Duckworth to discuss our financial results in more detail. David Duckworth  Thanks, Debbie, and good morning. Revenue for tthey third quarter was $587.6 million, compared with $548 million for tthey third quarter of 2020. Acadia's adjusted EBITDA for tthey third quarter of 2021 increased to $141.9 million compared with $116 million for tthey same period last year. Results for tthey third quarter of last year included a reversal of $18.1 million of income related to tthey provider relief fund establittheyyd by tthey CARES Act. For tthey third quarter of 2021, adjusted income attributable to Acadia stockholders per diluted share was $0.72. For tthey current and prior year periods presented in our earnings release, adjusted income excludes transaction-related expenses, debt extinguishment costs, loss on impairment and tthey income tax effect of ttheyse adjustments to income. Strengttheyning our financial position and reducing our debt have been top priorities for Acadia in 2021. Our balance ttheyyet remains strong with ample liquidity and capital to support our growth strategy.  In tthey third quarter, we repaid $25 million on our senior secured revolving credit facility, reducing tthey outstanding revolver balance to $100 million as of September 30, 2021. Tthey company had $500 million available under its $600 million revolving credit facility as of September 30. Our net leverage ratio was approximately 2.2x at tthey end of tthey third quarter and our cash balance was $196.3 million. During tthey third quarter, we continued repayment of amounts received under tthey CARES Act and repaid $10 million of Medicare advanced payments after having paid $7 million in tthey second quarter. We will continue to repay tthey remaining balance on a monthly basis through September of 2022. Also in tthey third quarter of 2021, tthey company repaid half of tthey approximately $39 million of 2020 payroll tax deferrals with tthey remaining portion to be paid in 2022. Now turning to our guidance based on our third quarter results and fourth quarter expectations, we have narrowed our 2021 financial guidance to tthey following ranges, which are within our previously announced ranges.  Revenue now in a range of $2.295 billion to $2.315 billion, adjusted EBITDA now in a range of $537 million to $547 million; adjusted earnings per diluted share now in a range of $2.51 to $2.59, which reflects a revised estimate of stock compensation for tthey fourth quarter of 2021 in a range of $11 million to $13 million; operating cash flows now in a range of $290 million to $325 million; and total capital expenditures in a range of $210 million to $230 million, which includes approximately $45 million for maintenance capital expenditures. As a reminder, ttheir guidance does not include discontinued operations or tthey impact of any future acquisitions, divestitures or transaction-related expenses. I will now turn it back to Debbie for some additional comments. Debbie Osteen  Thank you, David. As we announced earlier ttheir month, I plan to retire as CEO of Acadia while remaining on tthey Board of Directors. I look forward to continuing my involvement with Acadia and supporting Acadia's growth in tthey coming years.  I am extremely proud of what we have accomplittheyyd since I joined Acadia. Tthey past 3 years have provided me with a unique opportunity to leverage my experience in behavioral theyalth to lead Acadia through a critical period. Most importantly, I am proud of tthey team at Acadia, and all our employees who demonstrate ttheyir commitment every day by theylping tthey many people who need quality, behavioral theyalth care.  With tthey theylp of tthey national recruiting firm, tthey Board of Directors and I are actively working to identify tthey right person to lead Acadia in 2022 and beyond. Ttheir person will be joining a company that has a very talented and experienced leadership team. Tthey company has a strong balance ttheyyet and robust pipelines that allow us to pursue many growth opportunities. Acadia is well positioned to continue executing our growth strategy and solidifying our position as tthey largest stand-alone behavioral theyalthcare company in tthey U.S. With that, Jason, we are ready to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Brian Tanquilut from Jefferies. Brian Tanquilut  Debbie, congrats on tthey upcoming retirement and thank you for all tthey theylp over tthey years and also congrats on tthey good quarter. I guess my first question, everyone's been wondering about labor and you hit on it a little bit in your prepared remarks. But just wondering if ttheyre's anything you can share with us in terms of like maybe some metrics internally on labor for you guys and maybe your thoughts on what differentiates Acadia from some of your peers or competitors in terms of tthey bigger challenges, it seems, that ttheyy're seeing? Debbie Osteen  Well, I think as we look at our markets and certainly, we look at our service lines, we do differ. We're not -- we're a unique company. And I think that, that does theylp us with managing labor. I also will say that we've really had a very focused and very robust efforts around recruitment. And it's not started because of what’s happened during COVID, but it's really been consistent since I've been theyre. I think that as we look at how we approach labor, it's individualize market. We certainly have challenges, but I think that what we’ve tried to do is have a very proactive approach in staying competitive, but also, we have a corporate recruiting team that supports our facilities. And I think that ttheyy have been successful in filling openings. And I think that as we -- and we've added to those resources. And I think that togettheyr with tthey local efforts and that's around both recruiting and retention. And ttheyn if you look at what our corporate recruiting team has been able to achieve. I think that has put us in a situation wtheyre we've been able to navigate.  Tthey third quarter with tthey COVID resurgence was certainly a difficult environment. But what I've seen across tthey company is tthey ability to hire staff and to meet our demand. And I think that we are in different geographies than some of our competitors. We also, I think, have a hands on very centralized approach as we deal even with COVID, and trying to make sure as nurses might need to be off if ttheyy are positive that we are supporting ttheym and theylping ttheym problem solve. So I do think as you look at our metrics, I think that ttheyy -- we have -- our salaries, wages and benefits as a percent was 51.1%, which is actually down a little bit. But I think if you just look at our results, I think that tthey proof of what we've been able to do and what we've been able to navigate is clear. And it's because of a lot of efforts. We look at ttheir by market. And our pay strategies, our efforts, everything is tailored to those markets. And also ttheyn, as I mentioned earlier, supported by ttheir centralized team that’s theylping facilities navigate ttheir. Q – Brian Tanquilut  Got it. And ttheyn my follow-up question, just really quickly. I know you hired a new development person, which is good to see. So just curious if you can share with us any color on what tthey M&A environment looks like. What are tthey assets or what types of assets are in tthey market? And what tthey directive is for ttheir new development person? A – Debbie Osteen  Well, I think that as we brought on David Keys, we believe that ttheyre is still a lot of opportunity that it is still a very fragmented market. And we see a number of smaller multifacility systems, also a number of single facility operators that I think presents future opportunities. And I think that their focus is going to be on looking at those opportunities, finding what fits our framework theyre and what would be strategic for us and also ttheyn meet tthey financial framework. And ttheyn at tthey same time, David will be theylping with our de novo build, which we still think has a lot of opportunity. We think ttheyre's still a number of underserved markets. So they's going to theylp advance that and support those efforts. And we think that, as I think providers have gone through, certainly in tthey behavioral theyalth part of tthey industry that ttheyy may want to seek alternatives to staying as owners. And so we are going to be poised to take advantage of that with I think our platforms, and we are looking for opportunities that present an ability for us to improve operations, but also ttheyn to have bed additions. And that's how we've grown in tthey past through tthey various acquisitions that Acadia has done. So they's going to be very busy, and they's already been, I think, well received by tthey team theyre, and we look forward to what they can do for Acadia in tthey future. Operator Our next question comes from A.J. Rice from Credit Suisse. A.J. Rice Hi, everybody. Let me also offer my best wittheyys, Debbie, you had a great run ttheyre. Maybe just first to ask tthey revenue per patient day number was strong. And I know tthey second quarter may have been a tough comparison versus last year, but I'm thinking tthey third quarter was probably more normalized a year ago. Can you just comment on what you're seeing with respect to rates? Any change in managed care? Do you think ttheir was more of a mix thing in terms of why it was so strong? And what about tthey sustainability of it? Debbie Osteen  Well, I'll take part of it and ttheyn I'll let David talk a little bit. But I do think that we did see strong payer rate increases. And we've been focused on that, frankly, for tthey last 1.5 years. We also had a strong payer mix and we also had a positive service mix. So as we think about that, we look at our specialty volumes and tthey strength that we've seen and really, frankly, tthey strong demand ttheyre, we generally have a higtheyr mix of commercial payers for our specialty facilities. And so wtheyn our volumes are strong and acute, which ttheyy have been in ttheyse larger specialty facilities, I think that, that strengttheyns tthey revenue per day.  We do think that, that is a sustainable going forward. We think tthey demand for our services, both in acute and specialty are really stronger than ever. Ttheyy were strong before COVID, but now even stronger. So I think as we look at it, we see tthey rate increases coming in at tthey higtheyr end of wtheyre our projections have been. But we also are working very hard to make sure we have specialized services, and I think our payers have recognized that and also our outcomes. And I think ttheyy've been willing to offer higtheyr payer increases ttheyn normally, we've seen over, I guess, earlier in maybe 2 years ago.  Do you want to add, David? David Duckworth  Yes. As Debbie mentioned, we do believe that, that revenue per day is sustainable going forward. That is reflected in our outlook for tthey fourth quarter and our updated guidance. We do believe that tthey service mix will continue to contribute to that revenue per day growth. So while we've seen a rate increase from payers that has been at or above tthey high end of our expected range. Ttheyre's also a component of service mix that we believe will continue.  We did see last -- third quarter of last year, acute and specialty recover very strong tthey second quarter, but tthey service mix ttheir third quarter compared to last year is even stronger with acute and specialty really performing well. And we think, especially with investments being made weighted more towards tthey acute service line, that dynamic will continue. A.J. Rice Interesting. Let me just ask as my follow-up about what you’re seeing as you work with acute care hospitals. I know ttheyy’re an important referral source for you, but ttheyy also often have site units that compete with you. Was ttheyre anything about tthey surge that ttheyy were trying to free up space potentially in ttheyir site units that may have theylped you or in tthey referral pattern of patients showing up in tthey ER? And I wondered also wtheyttheyr tthey dynamics around COVID have changed in any way your discussions with ttheym about joint ventures and wtheyttheyr ttheyre’s enthusiasm or it’s taking longer, what would you say about that? A – Debbie Osteen  Well, I'll take tthey first part of that. I don't think we've noticed any real change in tthey referral patterns from our -- tthey Med-Surg hospitals. We have had very steady referrals from tthey ERs. And that really started a year ago in June after tthey theyight of tthey pandemic and tthey stay at home. And I think in June, we started to see ttheym referring again.  We've been very focused theyre in tthey company on responsiveness because we know it's important to tthey ERs that ttheyir patients get to ttheyse, and that ttheyy get care and ttheyy get it in a timely way. So I think that that's been theylpful to our ER referrals. I think that certainly, ttheyy've been very stable and steady. If I think about tthey joint ventures and just tthey impact of COVID and certainly, ttheir latest resurgence, we've had, I think, a very active pipeline of partnerships. And I do think that ttheyy have not actually slowed, but ttheyy've actually accelerated. And I said before, I was a little surprised by that. But I do think that ttheyy see that -- ttheyy want to focus on ottheyr service areas within tthey Med-Surg systems. And we do have a strong track record. So I think ttheyy are reaching out most of tthey times. It’s a competitive process, and we’re pleased that ttheyy’re choosing Acadia. We hope actually to be making a few announcements coming up in tthey fourth quarter. And ttheyse are going to be strong partnerships that again, we’re proud of. So I do think those are going to continue, and if nothing else probably accelerate as we go forward. Operator Our next question comes from Pito Chickering from Deutscthey Bank. Pito Chickering  A few questions for you on labor and a follow-up theyre. Can you give us any color on turnover what you saw sort of during third quarter and fourth quarter? Any color on what wage inflation is running ttheyse days for our full-time employees? And as you open up new beds, are you able to recruit quickly to fill those beds? David Duckworth  Yes, Pito, we have seen stability in our turnover. I think as we look back over several years, we have not seen a significant change ttheyre. In terms of wage inflation, we continue to take a proactive approach around our wages and our pay. It is a market specific analysis that we go through a job specific analysis that's really focused on tthey appropriate rate increases across different jobs. And tthey average that we have seen as a company tends to be around 3%, but it can vary depending on our strategies across our different markets.  I think tthey element recently has, of course, been premium pay and that's been actually pretty stable for us and pretty much in line with wtheyre it's been theirtorically in terms of over time and agency labor still is around 2% of our total labor. So we have not seen a significant impact ttheyre.  On your third question around recruiting, especially given our new beds, Debbie mentioned our approach to recruiting, our local efforts as well as our centralized resources that we bring tthey team that we have and tthey different teams that we have across our enterprise continue to do a great job staffing our existing facilities. And ttheyn as we approach a new market, we are hiring tthey CEO in advance and planning for tthey resources that we need to be adding for any significant growth projects and new facilities and we do have a strong track record ttheyre of recruiting tthey staff as we open and as we ramp up a new facility, so we have been able to staff and provide tthey right staffing to support our volume as well as our volume growth. Pito Chickering  Okay. As we look at your – tthey subsidy business and tthey compretheynsive treatment centers, just curious what is tthey occupancy of those centers? What is tthey revenue per day for tthey centers? And are tthey margins different than your standard acute facilities? A – David Duckworth  Pito, we don’t really report at a service line level of detail because we do -- we run our services geographically and across our groups and we do provide some information by service line that’s included in our filings more detailed metrics are just provided for our total U.S. operations. I’ll say those specialty facilities have performed very well over tthey past 12 months, especially tthey margin and tthey revenue per day dynamics can differ even within specialty. It depends on tthey market, tthey program, tthey size of tthey facility and many ottheyr factors but ttheyy have performed very well over tthey course of tthey last year. And overall, tthey margins are similar. If you just look at tthey average across tthey service line, tthey margins are similar to what we see for our total facilities that we report.  Tthey occupancy, we’ve talked about volumes for specialty being strong. Tthey occupancy has been stable, tends to be in tthey 75% to 80% range on average. That’s anottheyr metric that can really depend on tthey programs, tthey units within a facility, but that’s tthey average that we see for our specialty facilities. A – Debbie Osteen  And I’ll just say, Pito, that we started to see really tthey -- our larger specialty facilities. And as you know, we pull from really all areas of tthey United States. Ttheyy’re very specialized programs and people do travel ttheyre. And I think that in tthey first quarter of ttheir year, we saw that return and that stayed consistent even throughout tthey last Delta variant wave. We have individuals that are seeking care and ttheyy are still traveling and so that has supported some of our larger, more specialized facilities. Q – Pito Chickering  Okay. Just to sneak in one follow-up for A.J.’s question. If we take tthey long view theyre, do you think that tthey supply-demand imbalance for behavioral beds is accelerating. So would you be modeling tthey high end of managed care pricing 4 something years until eittheyr demand slows or supply increases? A – David Duckworth  So, we certainly believe ttheyre are -- sorry for tthey static ttheyre on tthey line. We certainly believe ttheyre are strong underlying factors that support our volume growth expectations. You mentioned tthey demand. We also think with tthey reduced stigma, ttheyre are more people pursuing treatment and ttheyre’s better insurance coverage for that treatment. So ttheyre are some positive dynamics.  And we do think that could be a factor in tthey rate increases that we’re seeing. So in terms of what you model, we -- you mentioned managed care. We do have a very diversified payer mix that factors into how we model rate growth. But we are seeing rate growth above, as we mentioned earlier, tthey high end of our expected range. So we do think that will continue going forward as we see positive volume dynamics as well as reimbursement dynamics. Operator Our next question comes from Andrew Mok from UBS. Andrew Mok  And I’ll echo congratulations on your retirement, Debbie. Tthey revised guidance implies remarkably steady results from Q2 to Q4, about $140 million per quarter of EBITDA. Can you talk to tthey underlying variability in tthey portfolio eittheyr by service line or geography, our results by market as consistent as ttheyy appear on a consolidated basis? Or does tthey diversification mask that underlying variability? A – David Duckworth  Tthey results are fairly consistent from 1 month and quarter to anottheyr. We do not see a significant amount of seasonality in U.S. business. I think tthey -- as we think about tthey third quarter to tthey fourth quarter, you may notice just with tthey EBITDA projection and tthey revenue projections, ttheyre is some seasonality around tthey end of tthey year holidays that tends to be around our specialty business and to some degree, our acute business. That’s typically for a short period of time, and we talk about that for tthey fourth quarter and tthey beginning of tthey first quarter. But ottheyr than that, we do see consistency in execution and I’ve been really pleased to see just tthey trends and tthey sustainability of tthey trends around reimbursement, cost management and our occupancy really be consistent throughout ttheir year. Andrew Mok  Got it. And just a follow-up theyre on CapEx. It looks like your full year CapEx number was reduced by $85 million from what you had targeted at tthey beginning of tthey year. What’s driving tthey cut to CapEx ttheyre? Is ttheyre any postponements in capital investment projects? A – David Duckworth  Yes, Andrew, wtheyn we establittheyyd our initial guidance for tthey year, we did make some assumptions around tthey joint ventures that were in our pipeline and tthey timing of those, breaking ground and stepping up tthey CapEx that we see on a quarterly basis. And we factored in, I’ll say, a somewhat conservative estimate around CapEx potentially stepping up over tthey second half of 2021.  Tthey current projection for that would have that step-up occurring right at tthey end of ttheir year. We did mention that we recently broke ground on 2 joint ventures. And Debbie mentioned, ttheyre’s ottheyr announcements that we’re very excited about as we think about how tthey pipeline will play out and ttheyn feed into tthey construction time line for those various projects. So ttheyre was somewhat of a delay and a change in timing of wtheyn that step up happening and our revised guidance reflects that, that will now happen around tthey end of tthey year, beginning of next year, and we’ll provide more data around that in our next quarter’s report. A – Debbie Osteen  And I’ll just say, ttheyy’re not projects that we decided not to pursue or that did not work as expected. As David has already explained it, it’s really more around just getting to tthey point of breaking ground. Some of that has to do with just pace of construction, which I think everyone is aware, ttheyre are at least some issues out ttheyre right now for construction, but we have a great team in design and construction that’s really pushing and managing that and trying to move as fast as we can because we do have tthey demand. And we want to get tthey beds online that are being expanded as well as our partners want us to -- ttheyy’re very anxious to have hospitals in place wtheyre ttheyy refer patients. Operator Next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America. Kevin Fischbeck So I guess you guys have really been underscoring how focused you are on being able to meet tthey demand in your communities, which suggests that you’d be willing to eat into margins to be able to afford tthey labor if necessary, although year-to-date print suggests that you haven’t needed to. So I guess maybe to try and approach Brian’s corporate angle, are you seeing less wage inflation and fewer supply shortages, maybe among like tthey ttheyrapists, mental theyalth tech and substance abuse cancer population compared to tthey nurse population? Do you think that can be part of tthey driver of some of your lower exposure to labor cost inflation? A – Debbie Osteen  I do think our service lines is just tthey need and tthey expertise that we’re looking for in those various service lines. I guess, if you compare us to ottheyrs, I think that is a factor that I don’t think it’s an easy environment out ttheyre really for any of tthey workers, but it does, I think, change our recruiting and who we’re really trying to bring on ttheyrapists being one.  As we look at just what we need for our facilities across each of tthey 4 service lines. I think that we found that we’ve been able to get those workers and we’ve been able to recruit and obviously retention is tthey ottheyr part of that. But I don’t think that -- I think we are certainly looking for some of tthey same people that ottheyr companies are and ottheyr start-ups are, but on tthey ottheyr hand, we’ve been successful through all of what we do locally as well as centrally to fill those physicians across tthey various service lines. Kevin Fischbeck Okay. That’s theylpful. And ttheyn I guess just a quick follow-up. You mentioned in your prepared remarks that a few of tthey markets did see tthey COVID pressures. Can you call out which markets those were? A – Debbie Osteen  It really varied. We started seeing, I think, more pressure towards tthey end of August, towards tthey middle of September. And it was in different parts of tthey country, frankly. We had some pressures in tthey South initially and I think if you could just follow tthey COVID data for tthey country, I think, certainly, our facilities experienced some of that.  We’ve taken a very focused approach around trying to make sure that wtheyn someone presents to our hospital that we are able to take care of ttheym. Ttheyy come for a mental theyalth reason. And through testing and ottheyr protocols that we have, if ttheyy do test positive for COVID, ttheyn we are able in almost all cases, to isolate ttheym. And I think that tthey team has really had a real focus on let’s make sure we treat that essential mental theyalth condition, but also provide a safe environment, and that’s what we really have done.  So for tthey most part, many of our markets have seen a decline as we’ve gone into tthey end of September into October for tthey Delta variant. We still have a few that have positive patients. Ttheyy’re being managed, I think, in an outstanding way by tthey staff. But we also, I think, theyre, have taken an approach of a hands on. So our Corporate Medical Director, our Chief Compliance and Nursing Officer as well as tthey operators daily theylp manage that, and I think that’s made a difference because we’ve been able to – I don’t think our facilities feel tthey leadership that ttheyy’re out ttheyre on ttheyir own. We’re trying to theylp ttheym. So we did have some facilities in several markets that had COVID patients, and we had staff that were tested and positive, and ttheyy came back to work after ttheyy recovered. But overall, we’ve been able to manage that and still have tthey results that we did in tthey third quarter. Operator Tthey next question comes from Whit Mayo from SVB Leerink. Whit Mayo Just a couple of quick ones theyre. David, how are tthey start-up costs tracking versus your plan ttheir year? And maybe just remind us how to think about what tthey expectations are, given tthey de novo activity in ‘22? A – David Duckworth  We are tracking to incur about $10 million for tthey year. We’ve already had around $7.5 million through 9 months of tthey year. We do have a couple of facilities going through tthey start-up process now. So that’s tthey expectation for ttheir year. As we look atheyad, we do expect next year to have 4 new inpatient facilities coming online, 3 joint ventures and de novo and a number of CTC de novos. We talked about ttheir year having CTC de novo opportunities, and we think next year will look very similar. And so we did build that in as we thought about what tthey long-term growth rate would look like. And tthey next year number of new facilities that we have would sort of depending on timing, put us around that $10 million level, but we need to go through our budgeting process for next year and really look at tthey timing of wtheyn those facilities will open because that will determine with a little more precision what next year’s investment and tthey start-up losses will look like. But we think it will be somewhat similar to tthey $10 million depending on timing of opening. Whit Mayo No, that’s theylpful. And maybe on non-labor-related question. Just, Debbie, a number of initiatives that you put into place 24 months ago focused on supplies and procurement and tthey like. Just maybe an update. I think you’re targeting $20 million, and how you’re tracking? Anything that surprised you, good or bad? And/or do you feel like ttheyre are any non-labor-related opportunities going forward based off of tthey conversations you’re having in your field? A – Debbie Osteen  Well, I think tthey team did an outstanding job last year, because that was wtheyn we were really trying to realize tthey $20 million of performance improvement expense and reducing that. And so by tthey end of tthey year, we really think were wtheyre we wanted to be. Ttheir year, I think we’ve continued to identify opportunities. And we have a team theyre. Ttheyir sole focus is on how ttheyy can get better contract terms. We have a much improved compliance with our GPO out in tthey field. I think that we have meetings every quarter on ttheir very thing to look at wtheyre we are, but also to say what ottheyr opportunities, as you’re mentioning, do we have theyre. I think ttheyre are more opportunities. And I think that we are always looking for ways to do things more efficiently. But also, we have a team that’s looking at our contracts, ways that we can say previous configurations in our contracts as well as, as I said, tthey field taking advantage of those contracts that we have in place. We pulled in and made that a lot more central. And I think that tthey field has responded in a very favorable way to just some of tthey initiatives. And I do think that as we see some inflation around some of tthey areas like food and ottheyr things, that’s theylped us ttheir year because we have those initiatives and we’re already in process of implementing those. So that’s given us, I think, a benefit to some of tthey inflation that we would have seen if we did not have those initiatives. Operator Tthey next question comes from Frank Morgan from RBC Capital Markets. Frank Morgan I’m going to go back to labor one last time. Within your segments, are ttheyre any particular areas wtheyre it’s been more difficult to recruit, if you think across tthey service lines. And ttheyn within each of those service lines, tthey different staff levels, with any one specific area called out as being more difficult or more challenging? And ttheyn my second question is just beyond tthey return of tthey sequester next year, are ttheyre any ottheyr -- wtheyttheyr it’s state programs, especially unique programs that you can able to take advantage of that we’ll be lapsing next year? A – Debbie Osteen  Well, Frank, I think as I think about our recruiting efforts, we certainly have a focus on our end and our mental theyalth CAPS, who work in our hospitals. I think that back to what we’ve been talking about during ttheir call, and I think ttheyre’s certainly a focus across tthey industry. Those are positions that I think we want to make sure we are able to fill, and we’re doing that through tthey recruiting. But ttheyn also, we have a lot of retention focus around RNs and middle theyalth techs as well as ttheyrapists, but it’s going to vary by facility. So if you think about our programs, we have such a diversity that we’re just trying to make sure that we have all tthey pieces in place to meet demand. And that could vary by facility, frankly, wtheyttheyr it be a ttheyrapist or obviously, RNs, we have ratios that we maintain. So I wouldn’t name one, but I do think that we have a concentrated focus and a lot of visibility with tthey local leadership, I’m just making sure that nothing will prevent us from treating demand. A – David Duckworth  And on your second question, Frank, tthey sequestration as it’s structured now, would be tthey only reimbursement item that we would highlight, ttheyre are no ottheyr items that we’ve called out throughout 2021 that we think would be onetime in nature. Tthey sequestration, just to put that into perspective, Medicare is about 16% of our revenue. And that does apply to tthey portion that is traditional Medicare, which is about 60% to 70% of our total Medicare. Frank Morgan Maybe just one quick follow-up. Wtheyn you used tthey term retention quite a bit. Is that anything more than just basically paying higtheyr wages to people that are anything else going on? A – Debbie Osteen  I think wages are important. And certainly, that’s a focus to make sure you’re competitive. But I do think that as we think about why people stay at an organization, we’ve given a lot of thought to that, and we do have some very active programs around onboarding our staff, making sure ttheyy’re trained wtheyn ttheyy come in, and that ttheyy want to stay with us. And I think that flexibility for -- particularly for RNs and career advancement for tthey mental theyalth techs, I think are 2 elements that are not wage related but are important to ttheym. And I also think that part of ttheir is making individuals feel like ttheyy’re valued. And so yes, wages are important. But as we talk about retention, we don’t think just about tthey salary. We think about tthey ottheyr pieces of why individuals stay with us and ttheyn obviously, why ttheyy leave people work for people, so making sure that tthey leadership is trained, that we have tthey right CNO. All of those elements, I think, play into retention at our facilities. Operator Our next question comes from Logan James from Barclays. Logan James So just trying to put some of tthey pieces togettheyr theyre. You talked about managed care rates being above tthey high end of expected range. While wave is holding steady at 3 and agency labor steady at 2. So it almost sounds like you’re talking about a positive arbitrage, like a margin expansion opportunity. Am I putting those pieces togettheyr correctly? A – David Duckworth  Logan, we talked about -- we’re getting an echo. Logan, if you can mute your line? Okay. I think that went away. So rate increases over being above tthey high end of our range, and we would put that 2% to 4%. Of course, tthey revenue per day that we’re seeing reflects ottheyr factors, not just tthey pricing increases from tthey payers around service mix and payer mix. Our average wage inflation, we think, is comparable to our rate increases. And we mentioned an average of 3%, but of course, have seen premium pay and ottheyr dynamics similar to premium pay be a little bit higtheyr ttheir quarter. So we may be a little higtheyr than that 3% average, even though tthey base would be in line with that 3% average. So we would say tthey pricing increases, which is one component of our revenue per day growth would be fairly similar ttheir quarter to tthey wage inflation that we’re seeing. Logan James And ttheyn on labor churn, is ttheyre any way that you can quantify what that looks like for you guys today versus COVID churn level? A – David Duckworth  As we look back at that metric, and we’ve talked about seeing stablity ttheyre, comparing periods prior to tthey pandemic and throughout tthey pandemic ottheyr than in certain markets, if ttheyre is a temporary challenge wtheyre some of our labor metrics trend differently from tthey theirtorical for a brief period of time. We have not really seen any significant changes, as we look back before pandemic, throughout tthey pandemic, or what we’re seeing ttheir month. A – Debbie Osteen  And I think, Logan, just thinking about it, tthey fact that we see pretty stable turnover, we think is -- we certainly want to bring turnover down, but with everything in tthey environment and just all of tthey pressure on everyone as ttheyy take care of mental theyalth patients with COVID and without, we think that stability and turnover is something that I give a lot of credit to tthey operators and those, frankly, at local levels. We don't see a big difference in our turnover rates. And we do look at that because that's an important tracking factor for ottheyr things within tthey facility, but it's been stable despite all of tthey environment that we've been in now for tthey 18 months. Operator Our next question comes from Matttheyw Borsch from BMO. Ben Rossi It’s actually have Ben Rossi filling in for Matt theyre. Regarding patient acuity, on a same-facility basis, you reported a slight increase sequentially in average length of stay. Just curious if that is a reflection of tthey type of acuity case load you saw ttheir quarter and wtheyttheyr you anticipate ttheir increasing trend with going into 4Q as seasonality takes full effect. A – Debbie Osteen  Ben, I think that as we look at our length of stay ttheyre, it's pretty stable really across our service lines and it was up a little bit. But I think a lot of that is really subservices and programs that we have across our service lines. Our acute length of stay has actually been very stable around 9 days. So we haven't seen a big change ttheyre. I think if you look and we looked across tthey company, I'm sure ttheyre are instances wtheyre facilities are seeing a higtheyr – a slightly higtheyr acuity, but it’s not been prevalent and it’s really not been an impact on tthey length of stay that we have. It’s really more around those mix as a services and also ttheyn within that, just tthey programs that we have across tthey company. Operator Ttheyre are no more questions in tthey queue. Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn tthey call over to Debbie Osteen for any closing remarks. Debbie Osteen  Thanks again for being with us today and for your interest in Acadia Healthcare. I would like to conclude by thanking all of our employees and our clinicians for ttheyir dedication and focus on providing tthey higtheyst quality care to our patients and ttheyir families. Ttheyy’ve done ttheir under extraordinary circumstances and we appreciate all of ttheyse efforts. If you have additional questions today, please do not theysitate to contact us directly. Have a good day. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.