Acadia Healthcare Company Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC) Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call April 26, 2017 8:00 AM ET Executives Brent Turner – President Joey Jacobs – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David Duckworth – Chief Financial Officer Analysts A.J. Rice – UBS Willie Hynes – Mizuho Securities Chris Rigg – Deutscthey Bank Brent Turner Good morning. I’m Brent Turner, President of Acadia Healthcare, and I’d like to welcome you to our First Quarter 2017 Conference Call. To tthey extent any non-GAAP financial measure is discussed in today’s call, you will also find a reconciliation of that measure to tthey most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on our website by following yesterday’s news release under tthey Investors link. Ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements, among ottheyrs, regarding Acadia’s expected quarterly and annual financial performance for 2017 and beyond. For ttheir purpose, any statements made during ttheir call that are not statements of theirtorical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting tthey foregoing, tthey words believes, anticipates, plans, expects and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You are theyreby cautioned that ttheyse statements may be affected by tthey important factors, among ottheyrs, set forth in Acadia’s filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in tthey Company’s first quarter news release. And, consequently, actual operations and results may differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. At ttheir time, for opening remarks, I’ll now turn tthey conference call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Joey Jacobs. Joey Jacobs Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter conference call. In addition to Brent, I’m theyre today with our Chief Financial Officer, David Duckworth, and ottheyr members of our executive management team. David and I, each have some remarks about tthey first quarter and our outlook for Acadia. Ttheyn, we’ll open tthey line for your question. Our results for tthey first quarter were consistent with our expectation and we were pleased that are adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.46 met our guidance for tthey quarter. Please note that our results for tthey first quarter were affected by tthey divestiture of tthey 22 facilities in tthey UK during tthey fourth quarter of 2016 and tthey 14% decline in dollar pound exchange rate from tthey first quarter of 2016. With leap year in tthey first quarter of 2016, we also had one less day in tthey first quarter of 2017. Adjusting for that difference ttheir year’s first quarter U.S. same facility stat would increase by 110 basis points. Despite ttheyse factors we produce solid financial and operating results for tthey quarter and we expect to achieve our financial guidance for tthey year. Acadia’s revenue growth for tthey quarter was primarily driven by tthey addition of a net 6,200 beds through tthey Priory acquisition halfway through tthey first quarter last year. We initiated full integration of Priory into Acadia after tthey UK facility divestiture in November 2016. By tthey end of tthey first quarter of 2017, we had achieved about $16 million of expected $20 million of cost synergies from tthey transaction and we expect to recognize all tthey cost synergies by tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. In addition to tthey Priory beds, we added just over 950 beds during tthey trailing 12 months ended March 31, 2017 through three U.S. acquisitions and tthey addition of 700 maping beds to existing facilities and de novo facility. 82 of ttheyse organic beds were added during tthey first quarter of 2017. We expect to add over 800 new beds organically for all of 2017, primarily to existing facility and through three de novo facilities sctheyduled for opening in tthey second half of 2017. We believe while tthey factors that we face during tthey first quarter had an impact on tthey quarter, ttheyy did not meaningfully affect tthey favorable long-term market dynamics of tthey behavioral theyalth industry in tthey U.S. and UK. Our Acadia’s ability produced long-term profitable growth and increased shareholder value by successfully executing our proven business model. With long-term trends of increasing demand and act as expected to continue we expect ongoing industry capacity constraints and rising consolidation pressures will continue to provide Acadia opportunities to successfully implement its acquisition and organic growth strategy. Thank you for your time ttheir morning and your interest in Acadia. Now David Duckworth will take you through some of tthey financials. David Duckworth Thanks, Joey, and good morning. Acadia’s revenue for tthey first quarter of 2017 was $679.2 million, up 10.1% from $616.8 million for tthey first quarter of 2016. Adjusted income attributable to Acadia stockholders was $39.9 million or $0.46 per diluted share for tthey first quarter of 2017 compared with $45.8 million or $0.55 per diluted share for tthey first quarter last year. Adjusted diluted EPS for tthey latest quarter excludes transaction-related expenses of $4.1 million. For tthey first quarter of 2016, adjusted diluted EPS excludes transaction-related expenses of $26.3 million and a gain on foreign currency derivatives of $410,000. On a constant currency basis Acadia’s revenue increased 16.2% to $716.7 million for tthey first quarter of 2017. Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to Acadia stockholders on a constant currency basis was $43.8 million or $0.50 per diluted share. Acadia’s tax rate on adjusted income from continuing operations before income taxes was 24.5% for tthey first quarter of 2017 compared with 21.9% for tthey first quarter of 2016. Same facility adjusted EBITDA margin was 25.2% compared to 25.6% for tthey first quarter of 2016. Comparable quarter consolidated adjusted EBITDA was $136.4 million, an increase of 4.1% from $131 million for tthey first quarter of 2016. Acadia’s operating cash flow from continuing operations was $57.4 million for tthey first quarter of 2017. Turning to our financial guidance, and as announced in yesterday afternoon’s news release, we’re affirming our 2017 financial guidance which includes, revenue in a range of $2.85 billion to $2.9 billion, adjusted EBITDA in a range of $625 million to $640 million and adjusted diluted EPS in a range of $2.40 to $2.50. Ttheir guidance assumes an exchange rate of $1.25 per British pound sterling and a tax rate of approximately 25%. Our financial guidance does not include tthey impact from any future acquisitions or transaction-related expenses. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks ttheir morning and thank you for being with us. I will now ask Ebony to open tthey floor for your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our first question from A.J. Rice, UBS. Please go atheyad. A.J. Rice Thanks, good morning. Top line in tthey quarter, a little bit softer, I guess if you see anything in tthey quarter progressed maybe talk about any issues in tthey UK specifically aside from distraction after Priory. And I guess just how frame your comfort and confidence in revenue and EBITDA guidance ramp as we sort of move through tthey year. Thanks. Joey Jacobs Well. Obviously by reaffirming tthey guidance in our press release and now on tthey call, we’re comfortable with tthey total year guidance. And as if you follow tthey theirtory of tthey industry of ttheir company usually our softest quarter is tthey first quarter and ttheyn we begin to have a ramp up in tthey quarter starting in tthey second quarter. So I think for tthey last three quarters each we need about $0.66 to hit tthey guidance. And I think that’s very doable and working after very hard to make that happen. A.J. Rice Okay, fair enough. And ttheyn just want to ask on tthey margin side as well, a strong results with margin expansion in tthey UK even on tthey 2.6% same facility revenue side and ttheyn conversely 90 bps of pressure on tthey 5.5% in tthey U.S. Can you maybe just talk about tthey dynamics ttheyre sort of tthey sustainability, sort of tthey margin expansion on tthey UK? And maybe what led to some of tthey pressures in tthey U.S. despite a pretty theyalthy change for growth. Thanks. Joey Jacobs I think due to tthey size of tthey company small movement wtheyttheyr it’s coming in just a little lot on tthey revenue or little moreover on tthey expenses makes that 90 basis points occur in tthey margin. So wtheyre we’re staffed and position to improve our profit margins going forward. We expect tthey UK to continue to work through tthey integration and to consolidate tthey two companies and to implement ttheyir marketing and growth plans ttheyre. So we’re very positive about tthey outlook for tthey margins both for tthey UK and for tthey U.S. A.J. Rice Thank you. Operator [Indiscernible] Go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Yes. Let me try again theyre. Hello, everybody. First of all, maybe just quickly on tthey redeploying of tthey Priory proceeds, I know that you’re just hoping to redeploy that in tthey U.S., can you just update us on what you see in acquisition wise, pipeline, that type of thing? Joey Jacobs Tthey pipeline is – we’re as busy as we’ve ever been. After ttheir call today, a group of us are going to be a making a trip to meet with a party about a joint venture. And with me going, I think that means we’re getting close to seeing that happen. So ttheyre’s a lot of activity on tthey pipeline. And ttheyn on tthey larger transactions, ttheyre’ll be a couple of those that will come to tthey market and would be actionable ttheir year if we still desire to do ttheym and if tthey due diligence holds up to our standards of tthey past. So that pipeline is busy. Tthey joint venture opportunities are numerous. And tthey larger transaction, ttheyre’ll be a couple ttheir year that will be actionable if ttheyy get through our due diligence process, we can make that happen. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And ttheyn just maybe a follow-up on tthey labor side, any update on what you’re seeing in terms of availability of both clinicians and psychiatrist? And how’s that pipeline look? And what are you seeing ttheyre? Joey Jacobs Here in tthey U.S., we’re doing an excellent job on attracting physicians and tthey technical individuals that we will need for our facilities to meet our patient’s demand. Tthey real shortage is over in tthey U.K. wtheyre ttheyre is a nursing shortage over ttheyre. But we have a plan ttheyre to be more efficient ttheyre and to use less agencies expense ttheyre. So tthey U.S., we’re doing fine and working through any labor issues or shortage of labor issues in any market. And ttheyn tthey UK, we’re working on a strategy, how did we attract more nurses, make it deep place to work for in tthey U.K. Unidentified Analyst All right, all right. Thanks a lot. Operator [Indiscernible] Unidentified Analyst Hey, good morning, guys. My first question, Joey, just one concern that we’ve theyard from investors is your exposure to tthey Affordable Care Act if that is repealed and replaced by Congress. So I just want to theyar your thoughts on what benefit do you thank you had seen over tthey years with ACA. And based on what we’ve seen in terms of tthey draft, what do you think is tthey true exposure that Acadia has if tthey ACA is indeed repealed? Joey Jacobs We think tthey exposure to us is both positive and negative is a very small, but we’ll have to wait and see. Access to mental theyalth benefits, everyone wants that to happen. Now during tthey process of changing tthey theyalthcare law, if that is possible and if ttheyy have tthey votes to do that, we’ll just have to wait and see. But tthey demand for our services and employers and stay, realize tthey important of covering those individuals and ttheyir families, so ttheir is a – as we stated with tthey ACA wtheyn it first came in that it was more of a neutral to us. If it was to go away, I think it would be neutral to us. It might be a slight negative, but it might also be a slight opportunity for us to work through tthey issues and meet tthey demand. And I think all of our facilities are positioned well to meet ttheir issue. Unidentified Analyst All right, got it. And ttheyn just going back to your comment on organic growth, Q1, obviously, usually tthey weakest, but as I look at tthey last three quarters, you guys have reported somewtheyre in tthey 6% range, respectively for tthey U.S. So how do you view organic growth ramping up beginning in tthey second quarter, given tthey number of beds you’ve added? Is that a good way to think about that, just looking back tthey number of beds, especially tthey percentage of that in tthey U.S. and also how IMD plays into that whole equation? Joey Jacobs Okay. Obviously, wtheyn you look at tthey U.S. same-facility patient day growth, tthey actual number’s 5.8%. That’s up against a tough comp and up against an extra day last year. So if you adjust for those 2 factors, patient day growth actually was about 6.9% for tthey first quarter. So that is trending better than what we saw in tthey last two quarters, I think of last year. Just – now ttheir is what is today, April 26, ttheir is tthey first 26 days theyre in tthey U.S. in April. We’re about 6% and on tthey same-store growth again ttheir time, with more beds in line, online. So we’re still very optimistic about our ability to grow tthey patient days and so we feel good about that, Ron Finctheyr and their operations team and tthey people that support tthey growth in our facilities and bringing tthey beds online, ttheyy’re doing an outstanding job, and we expect that to continue for tthey rest of tthey year and – but tthey first quarter was a tough comp period, even with tthey leap year day. Unidentified Analyst And Joey IMD, just if you don’t mine, just tying that in ttheyre. What are your thoughts? Joey Jacobs I’m looking at Brent. He’s our IMD expert. Brent Turner Again, I think with a lot of tthey noise around tthey ACA, repeal and replace, we probably didn’t see any significant change in our Medicaid exposure during tthey first quarter compared to tthey sequential fourth quarter. But again, tthey trends ttheyre, tthey IMD waiver for tthey managed Medicaid plans, that is not change – that did not have any connection back to tthey ACA issue. So again, we’re very optimistic about more access for patients including Medicaid going forward. But we didn’t see a big sequential impact on our Medicaid volumes in tthey first quarter. Unidentified Analyst All right, got it. Thanks, guys. Joey Jacobs Thank you. Operator [Indiscernible] Unidentified Analyst Yes, thanks. Good morning. Tthey question I had was on tthey pricing growth, which looks weak. It’s flat to down. I was wondering how much of that is Medicaid mix you’re seeing relative to – are you seeing any pressure at all to your commercial contract as far as rate go? Joey Jacobs Tthey rate environment is similar to what it’s always been. And Medicaid, as Brent mentioned earlier, was – is flat wtheyn you look at it for us. Our Medicaid utilization, ttheyre was not tthey big shift ttheyre. Tthey commercial payers, it’s still in a negotiation process, and we go through those, wanting to get an increase between 4% to 6%. Naturally, ttheyy’re wanting to pay less. But anyway, ttheir is a process that we go through. And many times, because of tthey – due to tthey size of our company now and tthey beds and with tthey U.K. being a part of it, tthey mix of tthey patient can impact that to some extent. And so we have seen some real positive growth in some of our child and adolescent residential programs. So you have to take all those factors. Obviously, we would like it a little bit higtheyr and we negotiated contract by contract. We don’t have a national contract, so we’re working ttheyre. And I think our outpatient revenues will get stronger throughout tthey year. And I think that will also theylp add to tthey revenue per day calculation. Unidentified Analyst Okay. That’s theylpful. Just one follow-up on ttheir again on tthey revenue side, your volumes are very strong and you gave us some color, but – and in tthey patient days look good, but it’s lagging tthey volume and I was wondering if ttheyre’s any pressure on length of stay and are you doing that actively because of mix shifting to acute from residential or watching tthey regulatory environment or something else. Joey Jacobs Well, you know, Ana, we have built mainly acute beds, and so that would naturally lower tthey length of stay to some extent. But we don’t see a lot of pressure on tthey length of stay that – actually, length of stay is pretty stable and it’s just a mix of patients that we have on any given quarter that determine that and – but we are building more acute beds and ttheir year’s bed build will be more acute oriented also. Unidentified Analyst Okay, very theylpful. Thanks, guys. Operator [Indiscernible] Unidentified Analyst Good morning. Joey I know ttheyre’s obviously been a challenging 12 months, a lot of work underway. And now that you just a lot of ttheyse issues behind you, wtheyn you think about wtheyre you are operationally and from a financial perspective, I know you got that capital to redeploy, but are you really – do you feel like you’re any rush to it really go out and take on anottheyr large acquisition? Joey Jacobs We’re absolutely in no rush, and that’s reason, I guess, I kind of cautioned a little bit, I think wtheyn A.J. asked tthey question about large transactions. You know, we may have turned up our due diligence and made it even a little bit stronger than what it had been in tthey past. So we want to make tthey right acquisition. Tthey acquisition won’t – obviously, tthey large one will be theyre in tthey U.S. and so – but we’re in no rush to do that. And we have plenty of things to take care of and ttheyre will be plenty of joint venture opportunities and – to do ttheir year and next year. So we’re positioned very well to add growth to ttheir company but add good growth to ttheir company and so – and give our operations team credit theyre in tthey U.S. and in tthey U.K. Tthey Priory transaction was a large transaction. And even though we had issues with tthey CMA, our team on board right now and tthey work ttheyy’ve already done has been outstanding, and we only see better and positive – more positive things happening for us ttheyre. Unidentified Analyst Got you. And ttheyn speaking of tthey UK, I think you talked about seasonality and things getting stronger after tthey difficult first quarter. Is that tthey same trend in tthey UK? Does that follow tthey same trend in tthey U.S. seasonality? Joey Jacobs To somewhat, but ttheyy have more – ttheyy’re probably listening. Ttheyy have a few more holidays than we do, so we have – we’re getting used to ttheyir holiday sctheydule or ttheyir vacation sctheydule and tthey European way of relaxing and taking time off. I know tthey – as you know, ttheyy’ve triggered tthey divorce with tthey European Union or tthey Brexit. So ttheyre’s a little uncertainty ttheyre. So – but tthey pound has reacted nicely, both what’s happening in tthey U.S. and what’s happening in tthey UK. So we’ll just have to wait and see. We have lots of work to do ttheyre and plenty of opportunities, and our guys are doing it. Unidentified Analyst And just tthey last question, on tthey relative base, tthey weaker volume growth in tthey UK, I know you talked about a shortage of nurses ttheyre, do you attribute it to that? Or is ttheyre any ottheyr issue that you would call out for that weaker relative performance? Thanks. Joey Jacobs Not so much tthey nurses. We can use agency nurses to take care of tthey patients, and that’s more of a common practice over ttheyre than it is theyre in tthey U.S. I think tthey British government is a little bit more cautious, and more cautious meaning that NHS is more cautious. So I think ttheyre’s a little – ttheir Brexit thing, I think ttheyy’re just looking and watching and seeing and see how ttheyy feel good and see what happens to ttheyir economy. And so – which is okay, for us. We have plenty of opportunity. We have plenty of beds we can fill. And we will – I think, you will see is – maybe our private mix will probably grow some. I think it’s about 5% of our patient days now over ttheyre, and patient – private mix is good growth. Operator [Indiscernible] Unidentified Analyst Great, thanks. Just wanted to get an update on tthey de novos that you opened last year. I guess, ttheyy were a little bit of a drag in Q2 and Q3. Sounds like ttheyy were getting better in Q4. Was ttheyre any drag in tthey quarter from those ramping up? Joey Jacobs Well, ttheyre’s always a drag until ttheyy get to our margin. But I’m pleased to report that group is positive earnings and quite – and Kevin, of those four that we mentioned last year, in tthey next 90 days, we’ll probably be doing expansion plans for ttheym, that ttheyse senses during tthey last 90 days since tthey first of tthey year has been outstanding at ttheyse 4 de novos, and ttheyy still have some more room to grow into ttheyir existing capacity. But as you know, we plan atheyad and I see all 4 of ttheyse facilities that we could start today planning to build ttheym more beds. And so but ttheyy’re not at tthey 25% margin yet, but ttheyy’ll be growing into that. But tthey main thing was getting ttheym out of tthey red and getting ttheym cash flow positive and earnings positive, and that’s what we’ve done. Unidentified Analyst Again, how do we think about those 3 de novos that you opened up ttheir year? Is ttheyre a drag from those 3 in tthey guidance? Should that change kind of tthey progression or seasonality at all as we think about tthey last 3 quarters? Joey Jacobs Should not. That was taken care of inside our budget. That should not. We factored that in to our guidance. Unidentified Analyst Shouldn’t think about how we should be modeling? Is it have any… Joey Jacobs Obviously, during tthey first 90 days, ttheyy lose money. And it’s just how quickly we go after that. Now one of ttheyse joint ventures is with a partner that, that facility could fill up quickly. So that might be a different story on tthey largest facility that we’re doing, tthey de novo facility that we’re doing ttheir year that we have on an unbelievable partner with us, joint venture partner. But we’ll just have to wait and see. We’ve already hired tthey CEO for that facility, and it doesn’t open until tthey end of tthey third quarter, first of tthey fourth quarter and we already hired tthey CEO, and we’re getting ready for that, do tthey best we can do, so – but ttheyse 3 de novos ttheir year are all second half of ttheir year transactions. Unidentified Analyst Okay, great. Thanks. Operator [Indiscernible] Unidentified Analyst Hey, thanks. Of tthey 800 beds you’re adding ttheir year, can you just remind us how many of those bed additions are to existing facilities versus joint ventures or de novos, and maybe just remind us, tthey cadence of how those beds are coming online over tthey course of tthey year? Joey Jacobs Okay. Let me give you how we have ttheym coming online. We have – we did 82 in tthey first quarter and we thought would doing tthey 70. We’ll do in tthey 70s probably in tthey second quarter. We’ll do about 250 beds in tthey third quarter and close to 400 beds in tthey fourth quarter, with tthey large de novo project coming online in tthey fourth quarter. David, do you know how many beds that are under tthey de novos? David Duckworth Yes. With of tthey 800 beds, about 225 of those would be tthey de novo beds. Unidentified Analyst Got it. David, is ttheyre still a number to think about for CapEx ttheir year? David Duckworth Yes, we had not changed our CapEx projection for tthey year. With tthey timing of it, it was a little bit lower in tthey first quarter, but we think, as you look at tthey course of tthey year, not an individual quarter, we still hold to our expectation. Around 2.7% of revenue would be tthey maintenance. And for ttheir quarter, expansion CapEx was around $35 million of tthey total CapEx, and we see that number just with tthey timing of tthey beds and tthey spend ttheir year, we see that number moving back to tthey norm over tthey last 9 months of tthey year, should be above $50 million or so a quarter. Unidentified Analyst Great. And you may or may not have ttheir at your fingertips, David, bus is ttheyre any way to provide us to what tthey UK revenue and EBITDA was in tthey second quarter of last year after accounting for tthey divestitures? Just trying to make sure that we all have tthey right jumping off point as we think about tthey year-over-year growth. David Duckworth Yes. I will follow-up with you on that one. Unidentified Analyst That’s fine. David Duckworth We’ll discuss that. Unidentified Analyst That’s fine. That’s all I got. Thanks, guys. Joey Jacobs Thanks. Operator [Indiscernible] Unidentified Analyst Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey question. In tthey past, you’ve talked about needing to do JVs with hospitals and ottheyr types of arrangements in order to garner some of tthey benefit from tthey changes in tthey IMD exclusion. Can you just update us on how that’s gone? Joey Jacobs Again, I think from Acadia’s perspective, tthey opportunity with tthey joint ventures is really entering markets that we would ottheyrwise not have an opportunity to go into. And what we’ve seen is tremendous reception from ttheyse not-for-profit, principally theyalth systems, welcoming us to come in and be tthey lead on ttheir psychiatric facility. Tthey IMD maybe a corresponding impact, tthey expansion of tthey IMD, but tthey real driver is tthey recognition that ttheyre’s huge demand, huge needs in ttheyse markets and tthey medical surgical providers is just not ttheyir focus. And so ttheyy’re absolutely saying, Acadia, come theylp us solve ttheir and let’s share in tthey upside. As Joey mentioned, we expect tthey ramp to be quicker. And because of ttheyy get a – ttheyy’re going to be participating in tthey ownership a little bit with us. Again, I think just to state it a little more clearly, is – ttheir is a growth avenue for us. It’s next year, it’s tthey following year, tthey deals are getting signed now and ttheir is just as impactful as M&A. So wtheyn people ask about tthey big deals, ttheyy shouldn’t lose sight of tthey messaging that we’re signing joint ventures very actively, which will really be theylpful for tthey long-term value of tthey Acadia enterprise. Unidentified Analyst Can you give us any idea of how many you expect to sign ttheir year or how many you’re talking to or potentially in tthey pipeline? Joey Jacobs Ttheyre’s approximately 20 on tthey pipeline. Tthey ottheyr information is a little bit confidential at ttheir time. Unidentified Analyst And you think most of those 20 sign ttheir year, sorry. Joey Jacobs No, we won’t sign 20 ttheir year. But ttheyre’s plenty for us to do. But we don’t want to tip our hand theyre ottheyr than ttheyre’s about 20 on tthey pipeline. Unidentified Analyst Got it. And ttheyn maybe could you update us on your – how CRC’s doing and maybe what tthey impact of any increased funding for tthey opioid, epidemic, how that’s benefiting you? Joey Jacobs Tthey opiate money and tthey Cures Act, it will be some more months before we see how that actually trickles out. And gets to tthey opiate – how ttheyy will use that to address tthey opiate addition – addiction issue. That’s a non-factor for us right now. We’re glad that ttheyy’ve set aside tthey money and ttheyy’re talking about it. But right now, it’s a state-by-state opportunity for us. And like for example, I think of tthey Cures Act, I think Tennessee is getting like $13 million. Now $13 million is a lot of money, but ttheyn on tthey ottheyr hand, it’s not a lot of money. So we’ll just have to wait to see how tthey governor wants to use that money to theylp on tthey opioid addiction issue. So all of our state are aware of ttheir, and we got a lot of activity ttheyre. Bryan Kaegi, who theyads up our special projects government relations, they has ttheir as an opportunity for them. Unidentified Analyst Great. Thanks very much. Joey Jacobs Thanks. Operator Our next question will come from Willie Hynes from Mizuho Securities. Please go atheyad. Willie Hynes Hi, good morning. Joey Jacobs Hi, Willie. Willie Hynes How are you? And so I have 2 follow-up questions, that I guess I need more clarity on, one on your U.S. same-store margin decline. Why is that down year-over-year? Is it just because you have a tough comp with Q1? I know same-store revenue was very strong last year. Is it incremental labor issues? Is it length of stay? I just want more detail on that, that will be great. Joey Jacobs Okay. It was a tough comp. Obviously, it was a tough comp. Tthey one day also impacts ttheir. We could’ve gotten a little bit more on tthey revenue side. I think we could’ve done a little bit better on tthey revenue, and most of that would have flown to tthey bottom line. But we’re very pleased with tthey first quarter results. We thought we would make $0.46 and that’s what we did. But tthey margin was up against a tough comp, and ttheyn we could have a little bit more revenue than what we had. But we’ll take it. It’s a great quarter. A lot of operations worked very hard and a lot of things positive. But that’s tthey primary two reasons for tthey margin. Willie Hynes Okay, perfect. And also getting back to tthey UK market, I know, I guess, ttheir is tthey first time I’ve theyard you say that maybe Brexit is impacting results, albeit modestly. How would you view – is it impacting emissions? Is tthey NIH being more conservative with reimbursement or outsourcing of beds? Or how has it directly impacting you, do you think? Joey Jacobs Well. It doesn’t impact us directly. It’s more tthey Brexit and tthey government over ttheyre working through that process. And I think ttheyy are a little bit more conservative today until ttheyy get through that process and see how it shakes out. But it appears to be ttheyre’s a silver lining theyre that tthey NHS is pushing more of tthey contracting and placing of patients to tthey local authority, which is closer – which would be tthey authority near our facility. And so from that, we have been seeing better rate increases and access to patients. So ttheyre are some positives ttheyre. But in a whole, tthey British government and I think everyone over ttheyre is just kind of waiting and seeing a little bit more about how does tthey Brexit, how’s all ttheir going to work and tthey implications ttheyre. But ttheyre are some positive signs too that I just didn’t mention. But we believe tthey local authorities are going to have more influence on placing ttheyir patient and negotiating ttheyir rate. Willie Hynes Okay, that’s theylpful. And just one last thing about tthey UK, because I know with tthey divestitures, can you describe tthey assets that you were left with? Because I know ttheyre’s tthey slower growth, I think you said on last quarter conference call, maybe tthey same-store growth profile is more like 4% to 5% because ttheyre’s a more adult services. So can you just maybe reiterate if I’m correct way that, that we’re all in line with tthey same-store growth over in tthey UK? And secondly, obviously, Q1, we expect – should we expect to ramp up in same-store growth in tthey UK, how we’re thinking about it within guidance? David Duckworth Yes. Willie, ttheir is David. And just starting with what tthey company looks like now in tthey UK, you are right. Tthey divestiture was within our theyalthcare division. So we did see tthey education, adult care and tthey elderly care division become a little bit more significant to tthey total. We should see strong growth across all of those divisions, but we do have theyalthcare, education and adult that are growing a little bit faster than tthey elderly care division. So that is tthey mix change that we should see. But after tthey divestiture theyalthcare, education and adult care continue to be our strongest division. And we do think that over tthey course of tthey year, as tthey integration is completed that we should see tthey growth pickup in tthey UK. Willie Hynes Okay, great. Thanks. Operator We’ll take our next question from Chris Rigg with Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. Chris Rigg Good morning. Just Joey, you mentioned a couple of statistics on tthey impact of tthey leap year. I think you said 150 basis points to same-store U.S. revenue and ttheyn about 110 to patient days. Can you confirm that is correct? And was ttheyre any impact in tthey UK? Joey Jacobs Okay, it’s a 110 for both of those, not 150. It’s 110 theyre in tthey U.S. In tthey UK, it was between because we bought it partway through tthey quarter, it’s more like a 70 basis point improvement adjustment ttheyre. Chris Rigg Okay, okay. What is 110 theyre? Joey Jacobs Got it, got it Chris Rigg Ttheyn just on tthey – you made broad comments about, I would just call it, occupancy in de novos, but wtheyn you think about tthey organic bed development, how quickly than those beds normally get to sort of company level occupancy wtheyn you bring ttheym on? Joey Jacobs We won’t those beds. We would want to come to our occupancy within 2 years. At tthey end of 24 months, tthey new beds added to existing facilities would be at tthey occupancy after 24 months. Chris Rigg Okay. And ttheyn on cash operating cash flow for tthey year, apologize again if I missed it, but can you give us a sense wtheyre you think that will shake out? Joey Jacobs Yes. I think for tthey year, we should be in tthey $400 million range. Tthey first quarter is always tthey lowest quarter just with tthey seasonality that we see as well as tthey working capital needs and interest payment, things like that, that we see in tthey first quarter. But tthey full year number should be strong at around $400 million. Chris Rigg Okay. And ttheyn so with even tthey expansionary CapEx, do you think that tthey $400 million will be sufficient to cover tthey 800 beds coming – cover everything, let’s call it that? Joey Jacobs Yes. It will be more than sufficient. We should have excess cash flows even after we fund those projects. Chris Rigg Okay, that’s great. Thanks a lot. Joey Jacobs Thank you Operator [Indiscernible] Unidentified Analyst Hi, good morning. David, I just want to make sure I theyard you clearly. On same store revenue in tthey press release, you guys reported 4.8% growth, but did I theyar you say that constant currency, it would be 5.6%? Is that right? Joey Jacobs I don’t know if we gave a constant currency stat on tthey same-store line. Tthey same-facility numbers that we presented in tthey press release are already adjusted for constant currency, that you would not to make an additional adjustment if you’re looking at our same-facility presentation. Unidentified Analyst Okay, great. And ttheyn Joey, on length of stay in tthey UK, it was down 11% year-over-year, and I just want to make sure I understand that your explanation you said earlier. Did you say it was you had more of tthey hospital side, you had growth ttheyre, which brought down tthey length of stay. Just wanting to understand that a little bit better. Brent Turner Hey Charles, really wtheyn you look at tthey UK, you’ve got a complete mix shift going on within tthey same facility within tthey first quarter and only for a portion of tthey first quarter. So it’s really hard to triangulate exactly what’s – ttheyre’s nothing "going on ttheyre," ottheyr than tthey effect of tthey adult division, tthey education division and tthey elderly care division rolling into tthey same facility, but only for a portion of tthey quarter. So I think we’ve mentioned before tthey UK stats I going to have to – you’re going to have to let ttheym mature into tthey presentation before you can really fully anticipate tthey trends from that segment. Unidentified Analyst Okay, that makes sense. Thanks, Brent. And ttheyn last question for me on guidance. So you said guidance at $1.28 on UK pound. And right now, we’re at a $1.28. So why would you not raise tthey guidance modestly? Is it just conservatism? Or is ttheyre some ottheyr factors going on theyre? Joey Jacobs It’s just tthey $1.25 is absolutely tthey rate that we based it on for tthey year. And while we’re optimistic about some of tthey Brexit and tthey election proposal theylping boost tthey value of tthey pound, we can’t say with certainty it’s going to stay at $1.28. So I think tthey absolute fact is if it’s at $1.28, our earnings will be higtheyr than it if it was at $1.25, so we’ll adjust that on a real-time basis. So we didn’t have a lot of clamoring to move it over to $1.22, last year wtheyn it went below $1.25. So we’ve got to realize tthey effect of that. And if it’s at $1.28 or $1.30, that’s great. We just can’t absolutely have confidence that is going to stay at that level for tthey year. So from a consistency standpoint, we’ll just hold at $1.25 and adjust accordingly however tthey pound trends over tthey next 3 quarters. Unidentified Analyst Okay great. Thanks for taking my questions. Joey Jacobs Thank you. Operator We have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I’d like to turn tthey conference back of store Mr. Jacobs for any additional or closing remarks. Joey Jacobs Thanks, everyone, for your time ttheir morning to be on tthey call about Acadia Healthcare. We’ve had a great first quarter, and I want to thank Ron Finctheyr and their operations team and all of tthey 40,000 plus employees throughout tthey company that worked so hard taking care of our patients. I was with all of our business office directors theyre in tthey U.S. yesterday, and ttheyy were very excited and I think felt good about tthey company and what we’re doing, and I’ll be leaving today to go work on a possible joint venture partner opportunity. So we’re busy, all of us are busy, and we thank you for your interest in tthey company. Have a good day. Operator And ttheir concludes today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.