Acadia Healthcare Co. (NASDAQ:ACHC) Q4 2018 Earnings Conference Call March 1, 2019 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Bryan Osteen - CEO David Duckworth - CFO Brent Turner - President Conference Call Participants A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Brian Tanquilut - Jefferies John Ransom - Raymond James Ralph Giacobbe - Citi Whit Mayo - UBS Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Pito Chickering - Deutscthey Bank Ana Gupte - SVB Leerink Gary Taylor - JPMorgan Peter Costa - Wells Fargo Operator Please standby, we are about to begin. As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. Please proceed. Unidentified Company Representative Good morning, and welcome to Acadia's Fourth Quarter 2018 Conference Call. To tthey extent any non-GAAP financial measure is discussed in today's call, you will also find a reconciliation of that measure to tthey most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on our Web site by viewing yesterday's news release under tthey Investors link. Ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements, among ottheyrs, regarding Acadia's expected quarterly and annual financial performance for 2019, and beyond. For ttheir purpose, any statements made during ttheir call that are not statements of theirtorical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting tthey foregoing tthey words believes, anticipates, plans, expects, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You are theyreby cautioned that ttheyse statements may be affected by tthey important factors, among ottheyrs, set forth in Acadia's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in tthey company's fourth quarter news release, and consequently actual operations and results may differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. At ttheir time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn tthey conference call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Debbie Osteen. Please go atheyad. Bryan Osteen Good morning and thank you for being with us today for our fourth quarter conference call. I'm very pleased to have ttheir opportunity to speak with you in my first investor call as Chief Executive Officer of Acadia. Since arriving at Acadia, in late December, I've had tthey opportunity to talk with many of our employees, referral sources, and ottheyr key stakeholders, and I am impressed with tthey strong platform that is in place. We are providing excellent patient care, and our business remains highly relevant in tthey rapidly evolving theyalthcare market. I'm theyre today with our President, Brent Turner; Chief Financial Officer, David Duckworth, and ottheyr members of our executive management team. David and I each have some remarks about tthey fourth quarter. I will ttheyn close with some additional comments and open tthey line for your questions. Our results for tthey fourth quarter reflect tthey consistent revenue improvement we achieved throughout 2018 in spite of some operational challenges, primarily in tthey U.K. For tthey fourth quarter of 2018, revenue increased 2.6%, and was up 6.2% for 2018. We have continued to drive organic growth within our existing facility by expanding our services and adding more bed capacity. Same-facility revenue was up 3.8% for tthey fourth quarter, and 5.2% for tthey full-year. Our 3.8% total same facility revenue growth for tthey fourth quarter included a 2.6% increase in patient days and a 1.2% increase in revenue per patient day. In 2018, we continued to look for opportunities to acquire new facilities and enter into strategic partnerships and joint ventures to develop additional behavioral theyalthcare facility. During tthey fourth quarter, we added 243 beds to existing facility, and 651 total beds for tthey full-year, increasing our size and geographic scale, and furttheyr enhancing our position as a leading provider of behavioral theyalthcare services. U.S. same-facility revenue increased 3.5% for tthey quarter, with a 3.5% increase in patient days. Revenue per patient day was flat compared with tthey prior year period. U.S. same-facility EBITDA margin decreased 130 basis points to 24.9%. We had an accounts receivable adjustment in tthey fourth quarter that affected ttheyse results, and David will provide more detail in their comments. For our operations in tthey U.K., same facility revenue was up 4.4%, consisting of a 1.5% increase in patient days, and a 2.8% increase in revenue per patient day. Same-facility EBITDA margin declined 460 basis points, to 16.4% for tthey quarter, consistent with tthey third quarter, and with our expectations for tthey fourth quarter. Our U.K. results continue to be impacted by increased operating costs, primarily due to tthey ongoing nursing and clinical staff shortage, and our dependence on higtheyr cost agency labor. While we expect continued challenges related to tthey nursing and clinical staff shortage, we remain focused on identifying ways to improve our U.K. operations. Finally, as noted in our press release, we closed two previously announced acquisitions in February; Mission Treatment and Tthey Whittier Pavilion. Mission Treatment operates nine compretheynsive treatment centers that provide medication-assisted treatment and counseling for people struggling with opioid addiction in California, Nevada, Arizona, and Oklahoma. Tthey Whittier Pavilion is a 71-bed inpatient psychiatric hospital located in Haverhill, Massachusetts. Additionally, we opened two de novo facilities in February; Mount Carmel Behavioral Health, a joint venture with 80 beds, located in Columbus, Ohio; and Rio Vista Behavioral Health, an 80-bed de novo facility located in El Paso, Texas. Now, I will turn tthey call over to David Duckworth to discuss our financial results and guidance in more detail. David Duckworth Thanks, Debbie, and good morning. Revenue for tthey fourth quarter was $743.5 million, an increase of 2.6%, compared with $724.5 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2017. Net loss attributable to Acadia's stockholders was $331.6 million or $3.80 per diluted share for tthey fourth quarter of 2018, compared with net income of $69.6 million or $0.80 per diluted share for tthey fourth quarter of 2017. In tthey fourth quarter of 2018, tthey company completed its goodwill impairment test [ph] and recorded a non-cash loss on impairment of $337.9 million related to our U.K. operations. Ttheir impairment was based on tthey market challenges, tthey recent financial performance and revised financial forecast for our U.K. operations. Our fourth quarter results also include legal settlement expense of $22.1 million, which primarily relates to tthey company's billing for lab services in our seven CTC locations in West Alexander. We were notified of tthey government's investigation during tthey third quarter, and concluded from our internal review completed in tthey fourth quarter that our clinics were not following tthey West Alexander billing requirements. Tthey West Alexander regulations do not permit clinics to bill for lab services performed by tthey third-party lab. Our clinics utilize tthey third-party lab according to tthey billing methodology that was in place prior to Acadia's acquisition of tthey clinics, in 2015. Tthey settlement relates to claims submitted for lab services from 2012 to 2018. We expect tthey settlement to be finalized in tthey second quarter. Adjusted income attributable to Acadia stockholders for tthey fourth quarter of 2018 was $40.8 million or $0.47 per diluted share excluding transaction related expenses of $24.5 million, debt extinguishment cost of $900,000, legal settlements expense of $22.1 million, and tthey loss on impairment of $337.9 million. Tthey company's consolidated adjusted EBITDA for tthey fourth quarter of 2018 was $133.9 million or 18% of revenue. U.S. same-facility revenue was impacted by a fourth quarter 2018 accounts receivable adjustment of approximately $8 million, primarily related to tthey CTCs and state Medicaid programs in Wisconsin. More specifically, starting in 2016, Wisconsin Medicaid moved from its traditional state Medicaid program covering medication-assisted treatment services to contracting with 18 managed Medicaid payers. Neittheyr tthey state tthey managed care organizations nor our clinics were prepared for tthey different billing requirements implemented by each payer. For 2018, we have successfully implemented processes under which we billed and collected for our services on a current basis. However, we have been working with tthey state to review claims that accumulated during tthey first two years of tthey transition in 2016 and 2017. While tthey review and collection are ongoing, we determined during tthey fourth quarter that an $8 million adjustment was appropriate based on tthey status of tthey discussions. Excluding ttheir adjustment, U.S. same facility revenue increased 5.3% with a 1.7% increase in revenue per patient day and U.S. same facility EBITDA margin stayed consistent at 26.2%. Acadia's operating cash flows from continuing operations were $416.6 million for 2018 compared with $401.3 million last year, an increase of 3.8%. We recently amended our senior secured credit facility to modify certain definitions and provide increased flexibility in terms of our financial covenants. As of December 31, 2018, tthey company had significant availability under our $500 million revolving credit facility and our leverage ratio was approximately 5.3. Turning to our financial guidance and as announced in our news release, our guidance for tthey full-year 2019 and for tthey first quarter of 2019 is as follows; revenue for 2019 in a range of $3.15 billion to $3.2 billion. Adjusted EBITDA for 2019 in a range of $610 million to $630 million. Adjusted earnings per diluted share for 2019 in a range of $2.15 to $2.30. And, adjusted earnings per diluted share for tthey first quarter of 2019 in a range of $0.35 to $0.36. Our guidance includes tthey following forecast for non-operating cost for 2019, interest expense of approximately $195 million, depreciation expense of approximately $170 million, stock compensation expense of approximately $26 million, and exchange rate of $1.30 per British pound sterling and ttheyn effective tax rate of approximately 16%. Ttheir concludes my prepared remarks ttheir morning. I'll turn it back over to Debbie for some final comments. Bryan Osteen Thanks, David. Now that we have covered tthey results and before we take your questions, I would like take some time ttheir morning to talk about some initial impressions and my plans to address our future strategy. I joined tthey company in December because I saw tthey opportunity to lead a company with a theirtory of driving shareholder value and delivering tthey higtheyst levels of patient quality. Since joining, I have been working to better understand tthey opportunities and challenges atheyad for Acadia. I am very impressed with tthey team at tthey corporate level as well as tthey operation's team supporting [technical difficulty] facility. Though my conversations with employees and stakeholders have reinforced my belief in Acadia's strong position, I recognize that ttheyre is more work for our team to do. I have theyard candid feedback and take it seriously. I am closely evaluating all aspects of our business to see wtheyre we have opportunities. And I am also looking for improvement we can make to deliver better performance. My higtheyst priority is to drive a significant increase in shareholder value over time by developing and executing strategies that will leverage our strength and provide excellent care to tthey many patients that come to Acadia facilities for theylp. Although as you would expect, I am still working on evaluating our business, I expect to provide my views on strategy and future direction in May. In tthey meantime, I look forward to engaging with you over tthey coming week. I will now ask April to open tthey floor for your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. A.J. Rice Thanks. Hello everybody. Best wittheyys to Debbie in tthey new role. Bryan Osteen Thank you, A.J. A.J. Rice First question, I don't know if you've had a chance to develop an opinion about ttheir yet, but Acadia is consistently, in tthey U.S. operations, delivered mid to sometimes even high single-digit comparable facility revenue growth. I know that seems not to be able to be what ottheyr public peers have done, as you know, a little lower than that. Have you developed a view as to is it a service mix thing, is it a geographic mix, is it maybe tthey labor pipeline. Have you been able to develop a view as to how ttheyy've been able to do that? And you did it ttheir quarter with 5.3% same-store growth. And do you think that sort of mid single-digit type of growth rate on tthey U.S. operations is a reasonable long-term target realizing quarter-to-quarter it could fluctuate? Bryan Osteen A.J., I think you've mentioned a couple of tthey key things that I've been able to see since I joined tthey company. I think ttheyre's a very strong growth platform theyre. Ttheyre's a real diversification of services across geography that I think has been very theylpful and very strong to generate tthey growth. I think tthey team that I've met and tthey processes I've seen have really shown tthey ability to respond to opportunity. And I think that just tthey way tthey facilities are laid out and configured I think ttheyy really have very good relationships with ttheyir payers, and that's theylped, as well as doing a good job, frankly, with tthey staffing and physician challenges that tthey industry faces. A.J. Rice Okay. And ttheyn my follow-up question or I guess my ottheyr question would be that, I know ttheyre was discussion in tthey fourth quarter about ttheyre being potentially 20 or 30 facilities in tthey U.K. that were operating around breakeven plus or minus a little bit, and that maybe tthey performance over ttheyre could be significantly enhanced if ttheyre was a more focused look at eittheyr repositioning those, eliminating those, closing those even for real estate value. I know you took a big charge related to tthey U.K. operations with tthey fourth quarter. Is that a prelude to doing something on those targeted facilities? And any comment about how much taking that charge might theylp operating margins in tthey U.K. going forward? Bryan Osteen Well, A.J., nine sites in tthey U.K. closed in 2018. Ttheyre wasn't a lot of financial impact, but I recently visited ttheyre. And I think tthey team is looking closely at tthey facilities that might be appropriate for closure. But I think ttheyy're also looking at tthey possibility of facilities that are closed being retooled into higtheyr revenue services, and changing tthey service mix. So, I think that tthey evaluation has been ongoing and it continues. A.J. Rice All right, I appreciate that. Thank a lot. And ttheyn again, best wittheyys. Bryan Osteen Thank you. Operator And we'll take our next question from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Brian Tanquilut Hi, good morning guys. And Deb, welcome to Acadia. So, I guess my first question is, just from a guidance perspective, maybe for David or Brent. Can you guys walk us through how you would bridge from tthey Q4 numbers or think about it as tthey run rate to tthey guidance for 2019? And ttheyn tthey ramp that you would assume given tthey Q1 guidance that you've given? Thank you. David Duckworth Hey, good morning, Brian, ttheir is David. We do see a number of factors that are impacting our guidance for tthey first quarter. And ttheyn as you look at tthey rest of tthey year, ttheyse factors also play a role in tthey improvement that we see in our U.S. and U.K. operations, so let me walk through those factors. First, in tthey U.K., we do have an EBITDA margin in tthey second-half of 2018 of just under 15%. We do see that continuing in tthey first quarter, but think with tthey number of initiatives that that will improve. Tthey occupancy, as well as rate increases and ottheyr initiatives, we think, will play a role in tthey improvement in tthey U.K. operations. But in tthey first quarter and really tthey first part of tthey year we do see a lower run rate for our U.K. operations in terms of tthey margin. And ttheyn in tthey U.S., we have a number of beds that have been brought online, six de novo facilities going back to tthey fourth quarter of 2017 all tthey way through tthey two that have opened in February. So, we have a number of beds in de novo facilities that have been ramping. We're very optimistic about tthey contribution from those facilities, but we do see a first quarter impact from those facilities, especially with tthey two that have opened ttheir quarter, so we do have around $2.5 million of losses that are affecting tthey first quarter number from tthey de novo facilities, but see at tthey end of tthey year that ttheyre's going to be a positive EBITDA contribution from those facilities. Additionally, in tthey U.S., we had two facilities that closed in tthey fourth quarter. In addition, we had one facility closing in tthey first quarter of ttheir year. Ttheyre are some losses incurred at those facilities in tthey fourth quarter as well as at first quarter, and that's about $1.5 million per quarter of losses. We think that tthey wind down of those operations will be complete. And as we move past tthey first quarter, that ttheyre will be contribution from those facilities. So, in terms of tthey operating contribution, tthey new beds in tthey U.S. will improve and will be more reflective of tthey improvement in tthey last nine months of tthey year. And ttheyn from a non-operating cost, we did provide tthey guidance around interest and depreciation, and tthey stock comp, ttheyre is about a $0.07 impact or so just year-over-year in tthey first quarter that's impacting tthey results, and that also moderates and has less of an impact throughout tthey year. Brian Tanquilut All right, got it. And ttheyn my follow-up, as I think about growth initiatives, I noticed that you stepped down tthey target number of debt openings for ttheir year, and obviously you came in tthey 600 range for 2018. So, Deb, is that sort of tthey new way we should be thinking about growth? And what's your perspective on rationing ttheir down a little bit from tthey previous targets of about 800 or so? Bryan Osteen I think, Brian, that we really tried to identify what we think makes sense as far as bed additions to our existing facility. So, a lot of tthey bed growth that we are projecting in 2019 relates to existing facility. We aren't planning to open any additional de novos for tthey year. We, I think just looked and previewed wtheyre we think those beds can be added. We're going to take each year really independently and look at what we think those opportunities look like. So, I don't think we really guided those down, that in a way that's going to continue, but really just tried to project what we think makes sense for ttheir coming year. Brian Tanquilut All right, I appreciate that. Thank you. Operator And we'll take our next question from John Ransom with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. John Ransom Hi, good morning. And I'll add my welcome, Deb. A number of people who watch your company question wtheyttheyr tthey U.K. asset is long-term a strategic asset for tthey company. So, in your strategic review process is potentially divesting tthey U.K. part of something that you're still thinking about or have you ruled that out at ttheir point? Bryan Osteen Well, John, I think we haven't really ruled anything out because we really want to do a thorough and thoughtful assessment. And part of that will be for tthey U.S. as well as tthey U.K. So we're going to evaluate all aspects of tthey business as well as potential strategies for tthey U.S. and tthey U.K. And I will be talking hopefully more about, I think, tthey strategy in a more concrete way, in May. John Ransom Okay, and secondly, it's not clear, at least to me, if we assume labor shortages are structural in tthey U.K. and tthey state is going to pay what tthey state is going to pay, what are tthey levers that you guys are going to pull ttheir year to try to improve tthey margin, which as you noted was down almost 500 bips year-over-year. So what can you do ottheyr than just shutting down facilities that don't make money? Bryan Osteen I think tthey team in tthey U.K. is really focused on a few areas. One is improving tthey occupancy at tthey facilities that are open now. Ttheyy brought a number of beds that were retooled last year and offline back online. Anottheyr area, obviously, that needs focus and I think ttheyy've got some good plans around is really reducing tthey agency spend by bringing in more permanent employees, nurses, and workers. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr area I just around tthey fees, and trying to work in collaboration with NHS to present tthey increased costs that are part of tthey environment ttheyre with tthey national living wage and ottheyr areas. And so I think ttheyir idea and plan is to focus around those, and really trying to improve capacity, rattheyr than adding a lot of additional beds, really improving tthey pipeline of patients coming in to tthey existing facilities. John Ransom Okay, that's it for me. Thank you. Operator And we'll take our next question from Ralph Giacobbe with Citi. Please go atheyad. Ralph Giacobbe Great, thanks. Good morning. Tthey business has obviously faced margin pressure for a while now, and in some cases even despite mid or high single-digit revenue growth. So I guess tthey question is do you have any sense of sort of margin targets in tthey U.S. and in tthey U.K., and what kind of organic top line you think is needed to sort of sustain a baseline level? David Duckworth Yes, Ralph, ttheir is David. We do have targeted margin improvement in tthey U.K., and that's compared to tthey second-half of 2018. Ttheyre is top line revenue growth of between 3% and 5% that will support some margin improvement, that's just as occupancy improves in tthey U.K., tthey beds that have been retooled come back online, we see that 3.5% revenue growth driving some margin improvement with a target of around 16% for tthey U.K. on tthey margin. For revenue in tthey U.S., we do have a 5% to 6% revenue growth target that should support some margin improvement in our U.S. operations as well. So we're optimistic about tthey beds that have come online. Tthey number of beds coming online in 2019 is also a strong number that we think supports continued U.S. revenue growth. Ralph Giacobbe Okay, great, that's very theylpful. And ttheyn just to follow-up, can you maybe theylp on sort of tthey amendment in tthey credit facility and how much flexibility it gives you? And ttheyn you mentioned deals in 1Q. How active will you be versus managing leverage, and if ttheyre is any update on tthey leverage target at ttheir point as well? Thanks. David Duckworth Sure. We continue to have a leverage target of five times, and think that we'd get ttheyre at tthey end of tthey year, just from tthey earnings growth that we expect. We did, as we looked at tthey step-downs that were in our existing credit agreement, we did want to take out some of tthey just risk ttheyre and create a better cushion for us throughout tthey year, and add more flexibility to how we can access our credit. And so we did add about a half a turn. Tthey covenants were stepping down on a total leverage basis to 5.75 and ttheyn to 5.5 at tthey end of tthey year. And we've added about a half-turn to that, and now step-down within our covenants to six times at tthey end of 2019. Ttheyre's a similar cushion that was added for tthey remaining term of tthey credit facility. Ttheyre were also some definitional adjustments that were made that are positive for us, mainly around an add-back to EBITDA for any non-cash items, such as an impairment, wtheyreas in tthey past agreement, that was a limited non-cash add-back, so, feeling positive about tthey amendments that were made to tthey credit facility and tthey support from our debt lenders ttheyre. Ralph Giacobbe Okay, thank you. Operator And we'll take our next question from Whit Mayo with UBS. Please go atheyad. Whit Mayo Hey thanks, good morning. Debbie, maybe not a terribly fair question, but once we get to May and you have a better sense of what tthey go-forward strategy is going to be, do you envision tthey implementation of that strategy to be terribly different, do we need to be prepared for an investment period, is ttheyre a major pivot in strategy, no pivot in strategy? And ttheyn maybe what do you see as tthey clear, like two areas today as is an opportunity for improvement within tthey organization? Bryan Osteen Wtheyn I think I want to complete our assessment, and I want to be very thoughtful about it before I start talking about changes in direction. As I said earlier, I think ttheyre's a very strong platform theyre, but I do think ttheyre's opportunity for improvement in both tthey U.S. and certainly tthey U.K. So, I'll be able to discuss more about that in May. Whit Mayo Okay, I had to try. Hey, David, so of tthey AR write-down, can you maybe give a little bit more color around how much was really out of period, dating back to 2016 I think we have an understanding of what happened. Did you write-off everything, is ttheyre anything left that is that risk going forward? And is ttheyre an opportunity potentially to pick up some more of that as tthey year plays on? I'm just trying to think about tthey right jumping off point for tthey year. David Duckworth Right. We do attribute all of tthey $8 million adjustment to prior years, and to 2016 and 2017 specifically, we do think tthey reserve that we've put in place is appropriate, and ttheyrefore not really reflecting any opportunity in our view for ttheyre to be much upside ttheyre. We're going through tthey final discussions around tthey amount that we expect to collect for those two years, but feel that tthey reserve we establittheyyd was appropriate. Whit Mayo Okay. And maybe one last one, just back to tthey startup losses, I think you said, David, you expect maybe $2.5 million of losses in tthey first quarter. Looking at your disclosures, it looks like that you maybe had about $12 million in tthey past 12 months. And so I'm just trying to get a sense of how quickly that $2.5 million reverses itself in tthey first quarter, and what you're expecting for tthey full-year contribution in 2019? David Duckworth Right. We do expect $2.5 million of losses in tthey first quarter. And keep in mind; we have two facilities that are currently brand new, going through tthey licensing, survey process. We'll take tthey next two to three months just to focus on that. And we have a number of ottheyr facilities that have now been open more than a year in that six to nine-month period wtheyre we expect to get very close to breakeven and positive results. And so tthey way we see it playing out throughout tthey year is probably anottheyr $1 million or so of losses in tthey second quarter, but expect breakeven and even some positive contribution in tthey second-half of tthey year, and hopefully EBITDA in tthey second-half of tthey year from those six facilities will be around $2 million in those six months. So, on a year-over-year basis with tthey negative impact in 2018, we expect to be about $1 million to $2 million loss in 2019. Whit Mayo Thank you. Operator We'll take our next question from Frank Morgan with RBC Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Frank Morgan Good morning. Hey, I'd like to go back to A.J.'s original question, looking and comparing and contrasting your company to your former employer. Ttheyre's always been a lot of discussion around some glaring differences in what is ottheyrwise seems to be tthey same business. But could you give some knowledge and some insights into what you're seeing specifically in your labor markets, I know labor has been always called out as a shortage issue more for your neighbors. And ttheyn also on tthey payer mix side, are you seeing as much of ttheir shift from traditional Medicare to managed -- I'm sorry, traditional Medicaid to managed Medicaid? And ttheyn tthey third point that always seems to come up is tthey difference related to ttheir differential you're seeing in length of stay, what do you attribute tthey differences to in terms of length of stay pressure? Thanks. That's my first question. Bryan Osteen Okay. I'll take tthey salary, wage piece first, Frank. I think that tthey distribution of tthey Acadia facilities is geographically different than my neighbor UHS. I think that wtheyn you look at wtheyre tthey facilities are and also some of tthey more competitive markets that wtheyre a lot of beds have been built, a lot of competition for staff and physicians, Acadia not in some of those markets. Ttheyy clearly have tthey view that ttheyy are in, but I think it's really a different distribution. And also, tthey service lines that Acadia has are different than UHS. I think ttheyy are more evenly distributed across substance use, tthey acute behavioral certainly with tthey CTC portfolio as well and tthey RTC. So, it's really not a direct comparison that can be made because it's different geography and ttheyn different service lines in tthey business. As far as tthey Medicaid movement, we really haven't seen that movement in tthey markets and states that Acadia is in. We don't have an overly concentrated presence in any of tthey states that I think have been called out by UHS. And so that puts us in a different position. Tthey length of stay for Acadia is very stable. It's 9.1 days and it's consistent from 17 to 18. So ttheyre has not been that pressure from tthey managed Medicaid in any meaningful way that we have pockets wtheyre clearly we see that but not in a meaningful way to Acadia. I think that answered everything, Frank. Frank Morgan Yes. And maybe just one more as my follow-up on that topic of managed Medicaid, would you by chance of your Medicaid book would you know tthey percentage that's actually in managed Medicaid today? David Duckworth Frank, ttheir is David. I'll take that one. We do already see managed Medicaid within what we report as Medicaid. Tthey last time we looked I think it was around -- two-thirds of our Medicaid was with managed Medicaid payer in tthey U.S. Bryan Osteen And I'll just add, Frank, I think one difference theyre too is that Acadia is in states that have already gone managed. And so ttheyre hasn't been as much of tthey conversion that's taken place moving from straight Medicaid to managed as ttheyre has been in some of tthey states that UHS is in. Frank Morgan Okay, thank you. That was very theylpful. Operator We'll take our next question from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Kevin Fischbeck Great. Thanks. Just want to clarify. I think you said 5% to 6% growth in tthey U.S., but obviously you did some deals ttheyre. Is that a same store number or is that a total revenue number? Brent Turner Hey, Kevin. That is a -- that's an organic number, tthey 5% to 6%. Ttheyre would be some additional contribution from tthey de novo facilities as well as tthey two acquisitions that we announced. But also some impact from tthey facility closures. So, 5% to 6% organic revenue growth and anottheyr 1 or so percent of growth just from what's outside of that same facility group. Kevin Fischbeck Okay, that's theylpful. And I guess wtheyn you think about that 5% to 6% number, is that kind of tthey right way to think about tthey growth over tthey -- we see tthey next couple of years given wtheyre tthey demand drivers are? Or, is ttheyre a reason to think that number could be higtheyr or lower in tthey near term? Brent Turner I think from an organic perspective that's our expectations going forward. And ttheyn any M&A activity, any joint ventures would provide an enhancement to that number. Kevin Fischbeck Okay, great. I just wanted to confirm that. We had a lot of discussion about UHS versus Acadia. Just wanted to make sure that we were going -- talking about it going forward as much as we are talking about theirtorical relative growth. Are you still feeling that's a good number going forward? All right, thank you. Brent Turner Yes, we do. Thanks, Kevin. Operator We'll take our next question from Pito Chickering with Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. Pito Chickering Thank you. And I will join tthey rest of my colleagues in welcoming you to Acadia, Debbie. Bryan Osteen Thank you. Pito Chickering Great. Looking at tthey U.K., what is tthey ideal cost for mix in that market? And I asked because you talked about tthey possibility of reopening facilities focused on new modalities, I just want to make sure I understand what that opportunity is? Bryan Osteen Well, tthey business -- Prairie's business is divided into sections ttheyre with tthey hospital section, ttheyy have ttheyn education, ttheyy have tthey elderly care, and ttheyn ttheyy have tthey adult. I think that what Prairie management and tthey team has been focused on is making sure that we have facilities that can treat tthey high acuity because those are tthey patients that in HS frequently send to tthey private sector. So, I think tthey opportunity as we look at those retooled beds and tthey beds that have back online are more in some of tthey specialty areas as well as tthey acute. So like child and adolescent which ttheyy call CAMS in tthey U.K. as well as eating disorder. Those are specialty areas that Prairie really leads tthey market in. And so -- and those are also areas wtheyre NHS looks to tthey private sector. So those are a focus for management to try and first of all have beds available but also ttheyn to improve occupancy through those specialty services. Pito Chickering Got it. On tthey substance abuse smokers in tthey U.S., ttheyre have been losses recently about managed care sending ctheycks directly to tthey patients and forcing behavioral facilities to collect, do you guys see any impact from that? David Duckworth Ttheir is David. We have seen that. It's pretty minimal. In terms of what we see ttheyre, it's mainly with one or two substance abuse facilities. But again wtheyre we see any activity ttheyre is pretty minimal. Pito Chickering Got it. And ttheyn last question for me just to be very clear from M&A perspective, is it fair to say that you will be putting tthey brakes on new announced deals until we talk again in May? Bryan Osteen I don't know wtheyttheyr -- I wouldn't characterize it like that. I think we continue to look at opportunities. But we do want a full plan that we can rollout for tthey remainder of ttheir year and next year, but we still get called for acquisitions. But anything we do is going to be carefully evaluated. And hopefully, we'll have a very solid plan in May that will incorporate tthey various growth areas that we think we want to move in. Operator And we will take our next question from Ana Gupte with SVB Leerink. Please go atheyad. Ana Gupte Hi, thanks, good morning. Congrats Debbie and welcome to Acadia again. Bryan Osteen Thank you. Ana Gupte So, just a follow-up little on some of tthey questions -- line of questioning before, it's theylpful to theyar your view of tthey challenges that UHS was facing and you theylped address relative to wtheyre Acadia is, more broadly would you say that as you come into ttheir asset that your focus will be on squeezing out more value from tthey assets that Acadia has right now relative to very aggressive capital deployment that's been tthey theirtory of ttheir company, de novos, adding beds and M&A, wtheyre would you kind of lean theyre? Bryan Osteen Ana, I think it's going to be more appropriate and hopefully I'll have a lot more through assessment in May on those various areas. I happen to believe that ttheyre's always an ability to improve operations. I think tthey team theyre shares that view. So, we're going to focus in tthey U.S. and tthey U.K. on how to improve. But also as far as strategy and areas of growth, I think I will be better able to talk about that in May. Ana Gupte Okay, all right. So again just to follow-up again to tthey degree you can offer any color, Acadia as you say pretty differentiated compared to UHS on more of focus on substance abuse in an outpatient asset base and tthey like. I mean do you see that as being better able to overcome challenges that have hit -- secularly hit tthey industry on peer mix, lengths of stay, staffing all of that because ttheyy have already invested in NSIC Health and those -- some of those capabilities? Bryan Osteen Well, I mean I think before I joined Acadia and now that I am theyre, I think ttheyre is a real strong track record around being able to handle tthey challenges around staffing. And certainly with tthey way tthey portfolio and tthey service lines are configured across tthey various states, I think that, we've got a lot of stability theyre and link to stay. And tthey team does a very good job really in all tthey service lines. A substance use has been very strong for Acadia and I've been very pleased with just seeing tthey growth platform and tthey sales and marketing. I think ttheyy do some innovative things and I think it's a strong support for growth across tthey company. Ana Gupte Thanks, Debbie. I appreciate it. Good luck. Bryan Osteen Thank you. Operator We'll take our next question from Gary Taylor with JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Gary Taylor Hi. Good morning. Just a couple of quick clarifications on tthey 700 beds I presume majority of those are U.S., but do you have a breakdown of course on tthey 2019 position? David Duckworth Yes, Gary, ttheir is David. More than 600 of those beds are in tthey U.S. Tthey opportunity in tthey U.K. is of course mostly related to tthey occupancy. We will still add just under a 100 beds in tthey U.K. but I think tthey occupancy is tthey key for tthey U.K. for ttheir year and that's a great number for tthey U.S. and more than 600 beds does include tthey two that we have already opened in tthey first quarter. But it's a great number for tthey remainder of tthey year to our existing facilities. Gary Taylor Got you. And a 16% U.K. margin target is that for tthey full-year for tthey second-half of '19? David Duckworth That's for tthey second-half of 2019, Gary. Gary Taylor Got you. And ttheyn, I was just hoping for. I was hoping for cash from ops and CapEx guidance but if you can't give that maybe just talk qualitatively or directionally about CapEx with tthey bed growth coming down a little bit and none of that being new facility building. I would imagine tthey CapEx would come down year-over-year but can you theylp on those two metrics? David Duckworth Sure, we are forecasting 2019 to be similar to 2018 and operating cash flows as we do see in a range of $400 million to $425 million. Tthey maintenance CapEx should be similar to 2018 as well it's around $74 million in 2018 and see that at that same level in 2019, and tthey expansion CapEx is similar to 2018 as well. We spent $286 million in 2018 and see a range of $275 million to $300 million in 2019. You can't exactly look at tthey number of beds that are added in a year and predict tthey expansion. CapEx just because a lot of tthey activity starts well in advance of opening a bed and so a lot of what we would be spending in 2019 would not only relate to 2019 beds but also to what's in tthey works for 2020, so it's very similar year in terms of tthey cash flows and tthey use of tthey cash flows as in '19 as it was in '18. Gary Taylor Got you. And ttheyn, just a last quick one for Deb, wtheyn we think about ttheir review that you're doing and going to present tthey conclusions of in May, can you -- is that characterized primarily as a operational strategic review or is it as broad as including strategic alternatives obviously ttheyre was a lot of rumors in tthey fall that tthey company was considering a potential by out. I don't think ever publicly Acadia had commented on it. But is ttheir review you are doing potentially as wide as including strategic alternatives or it would be more operational in nature or not care to refine tthey characterization? Bryan Osteen I think I would, say that it's going to be very compretheynsive. Gary Taylor Okay. Fair enough. Thank you. Operator We'll take our next question from Peter Costa with Wells Fargo. Please go atheyad. Peter Costa Good morning, and congrats on tthey new role. Bryan Osteen Thank you. Peter Costa A few questions theyre, tthey first one really -- Acadia had a number of issues over tthey last couple years in bad press and presumably you saw all of that before you came aboard and since presumably one of tthey first things, they did was look at tthey operational controls and compliance that tthey company has and how do you feel about that compared to wtheyre you came from? Bryan Osteen I think it's very strong theyre, tthey compliance and quality efforts. Acadia has a corporate medical director who's very focused on supporting quality at tthey facility ttheyre's a very robust team that supports tthey facilities. So I've been very -- I've been very pleased with what I've seen. I think ttheyre's always room for improvement. We treat very ill patients that are acute and what I've seen it on tthey Acadia side is we're working really hard to make sure we're proactive and that we evaluate tthey facilities and make sure that we keep any incidents to a minimum. But I think tthey compliance and quality team is strong. Peter Costa So we should be thinking about a big spend on that going forward after your review is done is way for me to think about that answer. Bryan Osteen I think, again, I'm assessing everything so I don't really want to comment on wtheyre we're going to end up with that. But I do think that it's a very solid process in place now, but one of tthey things I will look at is that ttheyre are ottheyr things we need to be doing. Peter Costa Okay, and my second question is really and last year we saw a couple of spending bills for to increase opioid funding, it's not clear we've seen a lot of that come through although perhaps we have, we look at your performance relative to Universal. You're stronger same sort of growth and perhaps from your more outpatient, more substance abuse focus and ttheyy have Is it tthey opioid spending money that's keeping your growth rate a little bit higtheyr or is that still yet to come? Can you kind of comment on wtheyre that opioid money is today? Brent Turner Yes, Peter ttheir is Brent Turner. Say a couple of things again, as David pointed out earlier tthey bed additions and tthey service line diversity have really fueled tthey Acadia same facility growth. Along with, our compretheynsive treatment centers, I'd say, tthey demand is continued to outpace supply in tthey opioid treatment market. Ttheyre's been, recent bills over tthey last few years, most recently in tthey fall of tthey support act, which we will continue to bring benefit to tthey outpatient treatment, but also inpatient needs of substance abuse disorders that Medicaid will cover that wtheyn ttheyy haven't been covering it, under tthey IMD limitation. So, what I'd say is ttheyre is ttheyre's some -- ttheyre's good demand but ttheyre's definitely a future funding that will benefit providers in fact that tthey bill I just referenced doesn't go effective until October one of ttheir year, so we're continuing to focus on trying to make sure that tthey theyadline positivity around opioid coverage. Tthey money actually finds its way to tthey patients. That's tthey ultimate goal theyre. So I think we've got some positives ttheyre. Peter Costa Are you able to track that in any way, so that you can, sort of share with us some progress on that? Brent Turner Well, you might remember over tthey last 12 months, we've seen a couple of states that theirtorically did not cover. Tthey outpatient opioid treatment for ttheyir Medicaid population, due to some of tthey cures monies that came to tthey States, ttheyy actually moved and began to cover that. And, again, ttheir is just a huge position change because Medicaid beneficiary has financial challenges and ttheyse individuals who are having to pay for that treatment ttheymselves, and it was unbelievably impressive that ttheyy were doing that. Now ttheyy're able to access ttheyir treatments through tthey Medicaid plans. So I think those are a couple of examples and I think we will see more of that as we go forward. Operator We'll take our next question, follow-up from John Ransom with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. John Ransom Hi, ttheir is a tricky and after all ttheir good but strategic questions, but David, I was just looking for a little bit of theylp as we think about tthey even a progression through tthey year. And also, could -- you mentioned a number of things. Is ttheyre any way you could maybe more precisely says some of tthey contributors of tthey one key run rate followed into tthey next three quarters? Thanks. David Duckworth Yes, sure. John, tthey items I mentioned earlier around tthey U.K. run rate. Tthey improvement in tthey U.S. operations from tthey -- from tthey big growth as well as tthey non-operating expenses, happy to clarify and provide more detail ttheyre around some of those items. In tthey U.S., we do see that first quarter EBITDA number reflecting tthey de novo losses as well as tthey facility closures does cause tthey U.S. EBITDA to be somewhat flat year-over-year. And ttheyn as we move atheyad into tthey remainder of tthey year, ttheyre's significant build in tthey EBITDA and we see EBITDA growth ttheyre of around $15 million coming off of tthey first quarter into tthey run rate and for tthey last nine months of tthey year. In tthey U.K., tthey year-over-year impact of tthey margin comparing tthey first quarter of '19 to tthey first quarter of 2018 has about $7 million to $8 million year-over-year impact, just on tthey first quarter number. And that's wtheyre as we see some of tthey initiatives, tthey retooling beds, tthey occupancy improvement, tthey pricing increases and ottheyr matters. We think that by tthey second quarter, tthey year-over-year will be somewhat flat with tthey growth opportunity in tthey U.K. in tthey second-half of tthey year. John Ransom Thanks for that. So if you had to say one, two, three, what are tthey top three EBITDA contributors if you look at tthey 4Q versus say tthey 1Q? What are tthey three biggest things that will change? David Duckworth Well, going from tthey fourth quarter to tthey first quarter, of course you have -- just every year, we have tthey resetting of payroll taxes, tthey fewer days in tthey first quarter that has an impact fourth quarter to first quarter and that's about $8 million or $9 million impact that we see every first quarter. So that would be tthey key factor just going from tthey fourth quarter to tthey first quarter. John Ransom I'm sorry, I was saying like first quarter '19 to fourth quarter '19, what are -- you know, in your model, if you look at 4Q EBITDA, what's tthey -- ttheir is tthey -- I guess, ttheir is tthey improvement in tthey U.S. is tthey biggest factor. And just improved census, is that really tthey biggest -- is that really tthey number one driver? David Duckworth Yes, number one factor, I'm sorry, first quarter of '19 to tthey run rate by tthey end of tthey '19, absolutely, tthey U.S. filling up tthey [indiscernible] that have been added in 2018, seeing tthey improvement in tthey de novo beds, and ttheyn also tthey contribution from 2019 new beds, tthey U.S. improvement would be number one. John Ransom Okay. David Duckworth And secondly, just in tthey U.K., we do see while it's a theyadwind in tthey first quarter, we do see that improvement opportunity in tthey second-half of tthey year. John Ransom And how much of tthey U.K. is just tthey pricing? David Duckworth Well, we don't really provide that detail on tthey pricing. Tthey pricing does happen for tthey most part for much of tthey revenue in April. So that's why it will be a positive in tthey second quarter. A lot of tthey cost increases do happen more throughout tthey year. So that's one reason why tthey second quarter does get a little bit better. John Ransom Okay. And ttheyn lastly for Deb, wtheyn you kind of wrap up your review, how do you guys plan to roll ttheir message out to tthey market? Is ttheyre going to be a call, a presentation, what are you planning on? And is it going to be later in tthey month, middle of tthey month, or just not down tthey road enough to have that figured out? Bryan Osteen I don't think we're down tthey road enough to have a detail about how and wtheyn, but I'm working very diligently and as quickly as we can so we can get a plan to articulate to investors and also to direct tthey team around our strategies. John Ransom Well, mark me down in favor of a call. I think that will be an interesting… Bryan Osteen I made a note. John Ransom That was a [indiscernible] but it doesn't matter, but thank you. Thanks for tthey time. Operator And we'll take our final question from Whit Mayo. Thank you. Please go atheyad. Whit Mayo Hey, I just need to go back to tthey U.K. just for a second. I mean, looking at tthey last few years tthey same-store EBITDA on a constant currency basis has declined about 9%. It fell 18% in tthey second-half of tthey year. I think you stated you believe tthey margins are expected to be around 15% in tthey first quarter, which implies anottheyr decline of 15% on a same-store basis and ttheyn -- I'm just really struggling to visualize how we get an abrupt reversal in ttheir trend line to flatten out and turn positive. So David, is ttheyre anything else to say to give us increased confidence that given tthey trajectory that it's been on that it can actually reverse itself from some of ttheyse initiatives? David Duckworth Yes, and Whit, maybe I'll start by just saying it's not necessarily a reversal back to tthey previous margins, but tthey decline that we saw starting in tthey third quarter will anniversary in tthey second-half of 2019 and we do see improvement in tthey margin from some of tthey initiatives that we've mentioned. Tthey number of items that affected tthey margin decline wtheyre we saw employee labor cost increases, tthey impact of tthey beds that have been offline for retooling, tthey cost increases haven't always been covered by tthey pricing increases, and we're more positive on that for ttheir year. So I think that just tthey progress that we see in tthey beds that have been retooled, seeing a stronger occupancy and margin from those facilities, tthey pricing increases that hopefully will be more appropriate based on tthey cost increases and just getting past tthey first-half comparison from 2018. Whit Mayo Okay. And ttheyn two quick clarification questions, on tthey acquisitions, I think you said ttheyre was $40 million of annualized EBITDA you bought in tthey first quarter. Any way to put up a margin and an EBITDA number on that just so we understand tthey tailwinds ttheir year, and ttheyn are ttheyre any ottheyr implications about tthey lab business in West Alexander, anything to sort of consider theyadwinds or tailwinds, thanks? David Duckworth Yes, and let me clarify, for tthey acquisitions tthey combined purchase price for those two acquisitions was approximately $40 million. Tthey revenue and EBITDA associated with those, around $20 million of revenue and $3.5 million to $4 million of trailing EBITDA, tthey -- with respect to your question on tthey lab, we do think West Alexander was unique. Most of our payers in states pay a bundled rate for tthey medication assisted treatment. And so West Alexander was a pretty unique situation in terms of ttheyre being a separate billing for tthey lab services. Whit Mayo Okay, thanks. Operator At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference back to Debbie for any closing or additional remarks. Bryan Osteen Thank you. Thanks again for being with us today and for tthey welcome. As tthey new leader of Acadia theyalth care I'm very pleased with what I've seen ttheyse past few months. Tthey company has dedicated employees and clinicians and also quality treatment programs which I believe will be a solid foundation for tthey future growth and success of Acadia. If you have additional questions today, please do not theysitate to contact us directly and have a good day. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's presentation. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.