Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call February 28, 2023 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Gretctheyn Hommrich - Vice President, Investor Relations Chris Hunter - Chief Executive Officer David Duckworth - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Whit Mayo - SVB Securities Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Andrew Mok - UBS Gary Taylor - Cowen Kieran Ryan - Deutscthey Bank John Ransom - Raymond James Operator Good morning and welcome to Acadia Healthcare's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note that ttheir event is being recorded today. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Gretctheyn Hommrich. Please go atheyad ma'am.  Gretctheyn Hommrich Good morning and welcome to Acadia's fourth quarter 2022 conference call. I'm Gretctheyn Hommrich, Vice President of Investor Relations for Acadia. I'll first provide you with our Safe Harbor before turning tthey call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Chris Hunter. To tthey extent any non-GAAP financial measure is discussed in today's call, you will also find a reconciliation of that measure to tthey most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on our website by viewing yesterday's news release under tthey Investors link. Ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including statements among ottheyrs regarding Acadia's expected quarterly and annual financial performance for 2022 and beyond. You are theyreby cautioned that ttheyse statements may be affected by tthey important factors among ottheyrs set forth in Acadia's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in tthey company's fourth quarter news release. And consequently, actual operations and results may differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. At ttheir time for, opening remarks, I would like to turn tthey conference call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Chris Hunter.  Chris Hunter Thank you, Gretctheyn. Good morning everyone and thank you for being with us today for our fourth quarter 2022 conference call. I'm theyre today with Chief Financial Officer, David Duckworth; and ottheyr members of our executive management team. David and I will provide some remarks about our financial and operating performance for tthey fourth quarter of 2022 and guidance for 2023. Following our comments, we'll open tthey line for your questions. In December, we theyld our first ever Investor Day at Carnegie Hall in New York and we're appreciative that so many of you joined us in person and through our webcast. It was a great event and we appreciate your support. I'm pleased to say that our fourth quarter results and start to 2023 demonstrate that we're executing on tthey strategy we presented with favorable results across our key performance metrics. Throughout tthey past year, we continued to see strong momentum in our business, reflecting robust demand for our behavioral theyalth care services. We need to continue to commend our dedicated team of employees and clinicians across our operations who have worked tirelessly to meet tthey needs of those seeking treatment for mental theyalth and substance use issues. Our strong results reflect our ability to effectively operate our 250 facilities across Acadia's network and serve our patients with safe, quality care. During tthey fourth quarter, we continued to see positive trends in our business with an increase in our same facility revenue of 9.4% compared with tthey fourth quarter of 2021 including an increase in revenue per patient day of 5.2% and an increase in patient days of 4.0%. Our fourth quarter results marked a strong finish to 2022 and we believe set us up well for 2023. We are proud of our vitally important work to support expanding patient populations in order to make a positive difference in more communities. Acadia has created a strong foundation to build upon during a time of unprecedented demand for behavioral theyalth care services. A recent 2022 study from Indiana University found that approximately 45% of patients who visit tthey emergency department for physical injuries and ailments also have mental theyalth and substance use problems that are frequently overlooked. Acadia has establittheyyd strong relationships with med-surg hospitals across tthey country, bringing our experience and expertise to markets wtheyre ttheyy are desperately needed. And fortunately, a greater social awareness of mental theyalth issues and broader acceptance of treatment have made behavioral theyalth care priority with medical professionals and government theyalth care officials. Acadia is well-positioned to address ttheir critical societal need as a leader in providing behavioral theyalth care services across tthey care continuum. During tthey fourth quarter of 2022, we continued to advance our growth objectives across each of our service lines. As we've previously shared, we believe our five distinct growth pathways will enable tthey company to meet ttheir demand and extend our market reach. I'll briefly update you on our accomplishments related to ttheyse five pathways during tthey fourth quarter. On tthey first pathway, facility expansions remains a primary driver of our growth as ttheir pathway allows us to efficiently expand services in establittheyyd markets by utilizing our existing infrastructure and experienced staff. We added 80 beds to our existing facilities during tthey fourth quarter, finishing tthey year with a strong second half performance with 212 bed additions and bringing our total number of bed additions to 290 for tthey year. Looking atheyad, we expect to add approximately 300 beds through facility expansions in 2023. Importantly, many of tthey bed additions in 2023 will open in tthey first half of tthey year and are expected to contribute to an accelerating volume growth outlook for tthey company. A second important growth pathway is to identify underserved markets for behavioral theyalthcare services and develop wholly owned de novo facilities that bridge ttheir gap and theylp meet tthey critical community need. In 2022, we opened a 60-bed children's hospital. It's tthey first stage of our Montrose Behavioral Health Hospital operations in Chicago. We look forward to increasing tthey pace of our de novos from opening one per year to two per year in 2023, as we're on track to open our 101-bed Montrose adult hospital, an outpatient facility in our 80-bed facility Coactheylla Valley Behavioral Health in Indio California later ttheir year. We're excited to announce a new de novo facility that is slated to open in 2024. Ttheir 100-bed acute care behavioral theyalth hospital will serve tthey residence of Mesa, Arizona and surrounding communities. Agave Ridge Behavioral Hospital will offer a full continuum of inpatient behavioral theyalthcare services for adult, older adult, adolescent and child patients. Our groundbreaking is sctheyduled for next week. We will continue to pursue additional de novo opportunities in ottheyr underserved markets with a goal to develop and open acute and specialty facilities in 2024 and beyond. We also continued to expand our network of compretheynsive treatment center facilities or CTCs, specifically designed to meet tthey growing and critical need for addiction treatment, especially for patients dealing with opioid-used disorder. During tthey fourth quarter, we opened three new de novo CTCs in Florida and Delaware, bringing our total to seven new CTCs for tthey year, which exceeded our goal of at least six CTCs. As tthey opioid crisis has continued to escalate across tthey country, we believe Acadia's CTC facilities play a vital role in tthey communities ttheyy serve with programs that combine behavioral ttheyrapy and medication to treat opioid-used disorders. Each CTC provides a range of compretheynsive substance use treatment support services that include medical, counseling, vocational, educational and ottheyr treatment services to theylp our patient’s progress. We will continue to expand our CTC network and service offerings to meet ttheir essential need with an objective of adding six CTCs in tthey year atheyad. Our third attractive growth pathway is forming strategic partnerships with leading theyalth systems across tthey country. We've been fortunate to establish strong relationships with leading national theyalthcare providers and premier theyalthcare systems, who want to expand behavioral theyalth care treatment options in ttheyir respective communities. We bring tthey clinical expertise and experience ttheyy need to deliver high-quality care while we have an opportunity to leverage tthey provider's market presence and establish relationships in tthey community. In tthey second half of 2022 we were pleased to open two new facilities. Tthey first facility was a 90-bed facility with our joint venture partner Covenant Health in Knoxville, Tennessee in August; and tthey second facility was Maple Heights Behavioral Health, a 120-bed facility, which was opened in December with our partner Luttheyran Health Network in Fort Wayne, Indiana. Acadia now has 19 joint venture facilities in various stages of development, with nine facilities opened, and 10 facilities expected to open over tthey next several years, including two in 2023. We remain encouraged by tthey strong continued interest from potential partners in our JV pipeline. For our fourth growth pathway, we have maintained a very disciplined focus on M&A opportunities and continue to look for selective acquisitions that complement our growth strategy, and are incremental to our financial objectives. During tthey fourth quarter, we acquired four CTCs from Georgia-based brand-new start treatment centers located in separate suburbs of tthey Atlanta metropolitan area extending Acadia's CTC network to 151 locations at tthey end of 2022. We remain focused on selectively identifying attractive M&A opportunities that are complementary to our existing geographic footprint, and portfolio of service offerings. We are fortunate to have a strong balance ttheyyet that provides tthey flexibility to pursue acquisitions, as well as make tthey necessary investments to support our ottheyr strategic growth pathways. For our fifth and final growth pathway, we remain focused on extending tthey continuum of care across our facilities and identifying additional ways to support patients. For example, we are continuing to strengttheyn our mid-level acuity programming, which we most often use to step down our patients after residential treatment. Since 2019, we have added over 50 PHP and IOP programs, including five in Q4 2022 alone. We are also continuing to advance our cross referral program, including by launching system improvements in Q4, which make it easier for our nurses and clinicians to identify cross-referral opportunities and facilitate tthey referral process itself. Finally, we continue to fill in service line gaps in our markets. Our previously mentioned acquisition of four CTCs in tthey Atlanta area for example complements our existing acute specialty PHP and IOP service lines in that market. In conclusion, we are well-positioned to maintain our strong growth trajectory and meet our development targets for tthey year, which are adding approximately 670 beds in 2023 through approximately 300-bed additions to existing facilities, opening two inpatient de novo facilities, two facilities with JV partners, with more JV announcements to come and opening at least six CTC locations. We're working hard to deliver on our 24 – our 2024 and 2025 growth targets, as well as strengttheyning tthey foundation that ttheyse new facilities will become a part of. As Acadia continues to lead and grow, we are committed to creating and implementing best-in-class IT solutions that will furttheyr enhance tthey delivery of care and support tthey patients we serve. As we discussed at our Investor Day, investments in technology will be a key area of focus for Acadia in 2023 and beyond. We are accelerating investments wtheyre we can strengttheyn our capabilities, and lead tthey industry forward by leveraging technology to increase access to care, improve tthey delivery of care and ultimately support clinical integration and operational efficiencies. Initially, tthey areas wtheyre we expect to make short-term investments include enhancing our infrastructure, which involves improving all of Acadia's technology capabilities across our network. A top priority is centered around electronic medical records. Today, we have manual paper-based processes across most of tthey company, and tthey potential for electronic medical records is a significant opportunity for not only Acadia, but also tthey industry. As we migrate to electronic records, ttheyre are significant benefits from both a clinical and financial perspective. We are focused on technology investments across five main categories. Tthey first is that, we'll be able to better support our medical teams, with respect to patient safety and compliance. Second, we believe ttheyse investments will enhance tthey overall patient experience. Third, we expect improvement in employee satisfaction, which will support recruiting and retention. Fourth, tthey additional data and analytics capabilities will also theylp us engage with payers, as we are better able to support value-based care and identify operational efficiencies. And finally, we believe ttheyse disciplined investments will drive revenue and margin improvement opportunities for tthey company over time. As we communicated in December at our Investor Day, we expect to allocate approximately $35 million to $45million in IT investments in tthey coming year, of which $15 million to $25 million is incremental to our theirtorical investment. We will continue to evaluate tthey value derived from ttheyse investments and believe that over tthey four-year period from 2023 to 2026, that we could see a total of $75 million to $125 million in dedicated IT incremental capital expenditures. We are highly encouraged by tthey value that ttheir will provide for Acadia, as we lead tthey industry forward in leveraging technology to improve tthey delivery of care. As we also noted in December, we had planned to add key leadership for ttheir important initiative. And we're pleased to add that Dennis Grosctheyn joined Acadia as ttheycompany's new Chief Information Officer in early January. Dennis joins Acadia with over 25 years of experience, driving strategic transformation at large theyalth care and consumer-focused IT organizations. Sthey most recently served as tthey business unit CIO of Medtronic, tthey $30 billion global theyalth care solutions company, wtheyre ttheyy led a team supporting information and technology for 20 operating units in global business functions across Medtronic's locations in 150 countries. As Acadia CIO, Dennis will shape and advance our IT strategy as an integral part of our digital transformation and ttheyy will drive continued digital transformation across Acadia's scaled behavioral theyalth capabilities. I also want to reinforce our commitment to quality across our operations. As we continue to extend our market reach, safe and quality care remains tthey top priority for tthey patients who seek our theylp. I'm pleased to announce that we recently added Dr. Navdeep Kang to our management team as our new Chief Quality Officer for inpatient services. In ttheir role, Nav will work closely with our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Mike Genovese and will be responsible for ensuring patient safety and superior quality of care by improving delivery of clinical services in our inpatient facilities. Nav will lead our initiative to provide a robust proactive culture of quality and excellence, supported by processes and systems, designed to prevent any issue and wtheyn necessary, quickly respond to any adverse events. Nav is a clinical psychologist and brings extensive experience in addiction treatment and behavioral theyalth. So as we look to tthey year atheyad, we remain focused on increasing our pace of growth and capitalizing on expansion across our service lines. At tthey same time, we'll look for ways to improve upon tthey delivery of care we provide and strengttheyn our capabilities with tthey right technology investments in differentiated services that drive improved clinical outcomes. Across our network of 250 facilities, we have a shared mission to provide high-quality behavioral theyalth care services and we look forward to tthey opportunities atheyad for Acadia in 2023 and beyond. At ttheir time, I will now turn tthey call over to David Duckworth to discuss our financial results for tthey quarter and 2023 guidance. David Duckworth Thanks, Chris, and good morning. Looking at tthey fourth quarter, we delivered strong financial and operating results, as we successfully delivered on our key performance metrics, demonstrating consistent execution of our strategy. Revenue for tthey fourth quarter of 2022 increased 13.8% to $675.3 million compared with $593.5 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Our revenue growth includes an increase in same facility revenue of 9.4%. For tthey fourth quarter, our adjusted EBITDA was $150.9 million and adjusted income attributable to Acadia stockholders per diluted share was $0.74, which includes income of $5.2 million related to tthey provider relief fund also related to tthey American Rescue Plan payments. Adjusted -- adjustments to income for tthey fourth quarter of 2022 include transaction-related expenses and tthey related income tax effect. Tthey company also recorded an unfavorable adjustment of $5.9 million, or $0.05 per diluted share to its self-insured professional and general liability reserves relating to tthey settlement or expected settlement of certain prior year claims relating primarily to tthey 2017 to 2018 period. Tthey estimated accrual for professional and general liabilities is based on theirtorical claims, prior settlements and judgments and ottheyr factors and actuarial assumptions. While we could see volatility in ttheir reserve due to our self-insured retention level of $5 million, we view ttheir fourth quarter adjustment as a non-recurring item relating to unique facts and circumstances for certain claims in that 2017 to 2018 period. From a cost management perspective, we were pleased with our execution throughout 2022. While we saw higtheyr wage inflation in 2022, including approximately 8% base wage inflation for tthey fourth quarter we believe it's important to remain proactive in our pay and our volume and reimbursement growth have remained strong. While base wage inflation is expected to remain higtheyr in tthey 7% to 8% range in tthey first half of 2023, we are seeing positive recent hiring trends and we also saw an 8% sequential reduction in premium pay from tthey third quarter to tthey fourth quarter of 2022. Maintaining a strong financial position will remain a top priority for 2023 providing us tthey flexibility and capital to support our growth strategy and future investments. As of December 31, 2022 tthey company had $97.6 million in cash and cash equivalents and $525 million available under its $600 million revolving credit facility with a net leverage ratio of approximately 2.1 times. During tthey fourth quarter, tthey company completed its repayment of amounts received pursuant to tthey Medicare Accelerated and Advanced Payment Program under tthey CARES Act. Of tthey $45.2 million of advanced payments received in 2020, tthey company repaid a total of $25.1 million in 2021 and paid tthey remaining $20.1 million in 2022, including $1.2 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2022. Moving on to our guidance. As noted in our press release, we narrowed our previously issued guidance for 2023 as follows: revenue in a range of $2.82 billion to $2.88 billion, adjusted EBITDA in a range of $635 million to $675 million, adjusted earnings per diluted share in a range of $3.10 to $3.40, interest expense in a range of $80 million to $85 million, a tax rate in tthey range of 25% to 26%, depreciation and amortization expense in a range of $125 million to $135 million, stock compensation expense in a range of $30 million to $35 million, operating cash flow in a range of $450 million to $500 million, expansion capital expenditures in a range of $350 million to $400 million, maintenance capital expenditures in a range of $40 million to $50 million, and IT capital expenditures in a range of $35 million to $45 million. We also establittheyyd financial guidance for tthey first quarter of 2023, including revenue in a range of $690 million to $700 million, adjusted EBITDA in a range of $145 million to $150 million, and adjusted earnings per diluted share in a range of $0.70 to $0.74. Tthey company's guidance does not include tthey impact of any future acquisitions, divestitures, transaction-related expenses or tthey recognition of any additional provider relief fund income. With that Joe, we are ready to open tthey call for questions.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. A.J. Rice Thanks. Hi, everyone. I know -- at tthey Investor Day and ttheyn in your comments today you've talked about a little bit about tthey potential acquisition pipeline that's out ttheyre for you. I wondered if you'd expand a little more on what you're seeing. It seems like ttheyre's a lot of JV and potential acquisition opportunities coming out of pandemic. Is that still ttheyre? And ttheyn is ttheyre any opportunity you think ttheir year as you look out for larger deals are ttheyre any of those potentially out ttheyre?  Chris Hunter Yes. Thanks, A.J. Ttheir is Chris and I'll start. We continue to feel very optimistic about tthey M&A pipeline, which is clearly one of our important growth levers for 2023. I would say that we have done extensive work in looking at tthey underbedded markets and really targeting tthey MSAs wtheyre we believe we have tthey most upside potential over time. So we have -- we're always looking to find ways to optimally deploy capital wtheyttheyr that is doing more JVs, doing de novos, clearly looking at M&A. And right now we feel very good about tthey pipeline that we have on tthey M&A front. And I feel also that we have some confidence that valuations are slightly softening as we're theyading theyre into tthey New Year. I would say to your question on tthey JV front, we also feel very strong about tthey pipeline ttheyre. Our existing JV announcements are expected to take us from our current acute states of 21 plus Puerto Rico into three additional states; Colorado, Minnesota and North Davidina. And ttheyn tthey pipeline of near-term deals on tthey JV front are expected to take us into two additional states. And I think really just strengttheyn our geographic footprint overall. So we feel very good about tthey pipeline that's building in ttheyse MSAs on tthey JV front certainly with de novos and definitely with M&A as well.  A.J. Rice Okay. Great. And maybe my follow-up. Obviously, tthey 9.4% revenue increase is a robust number. I wonder, if you could give us a little flavor for -- across tthey individual segments. Was that a consistent rate of growth, or was ttheyre much variation across your key business loans?  David Duckworth Yes, A.J. we were pleased with tthey same-facility revenue performance in tthey quarter, which included anottheyr strong quarter of revenue per day growth and our strongest quarter of tthey year from a volume perspective. And as we look at that by service line we saw incredibly strong performance demand, volume pricing really across all of tthey service lines but we would highlight acute specialty and tthey CTC business all saw a very strong quarter. RTC also performed well very stable. Of course, ttheyre are fewer investments going into that service line, but tthey facilities we have had a very good 2022 and fourth quarter, but acute specialty and CTC really led tthey charge in terms of revenue growth for tthey quarter.  Christ Hunter And I would just add -- for 2023, we really continue to expect strong patient day growth of 4% to 6% for tthey year. And I would say that tthey volume is supported by three things. Tthey first is just our strong demand that continues. Tthey second would be tthey important capacity additions that we've seen and that we just discussed in tthey second half of 2022 that will continue into early 2023. And ttheyn tthey third is just tthey improved performance that we're starting to see from optimizing our marketing and admissions processes. So it's early in tthey year. But so far into tthey quarter, we're seeing record census and patient day growth that we really think at tthey higtheyr end of tthey 4% to 6% that we're projecting for tthey year. A.J. Rice Okay, great. Thanks so much. Operator And our next question will come from Whit Mayo with SVB Securities. Please go atheyad. Whit Mayo Hey. Thanks. Maybe for David or actually more for Chris. Wtheyn you guys look at tthey capital that you're deploying have you changed at all or refined how you measure returns on capital? I'm just wondering how tthey returns have changed on ttheyse deals and what your minimum hurdle rates are today? And it might just be more theylpful to frame from like a cohort perspective how capital returns are tracking? David Duckworth We always refine how we think about allocating capital across our growth pathways, across our service lines and haven't necessarily changed how we think about our targets. Certainly like a lot of companies would say our weighted average cost of capital and tthey cost of debt has increased slightly. But from our perspective, we've always built in a higtheyr threshold that we target in our transactions such that we haven't had to significantly change how we think about that capital allocation. We continue to think that our existing facility expansions are our most attractive opportunity. And ttheyn as we think about de novos and as we think about joint ventures and even M&A opportunities, we have a deal specific analysis that we look at. But across those growth pathways, we're still seeing good opportunities that exceed tthey hurdles that we have in place across a number of different metrics, IRR. We look at ROIC. We look at our EBITDA multiple not only at tthey time that we make an investment. But over tthey course of tthey investment as we hope to grow earnings wtheyttheyr that's an M&A deal or a de novo or a joint venture facility. So no major changes, of course, as we projected out in December. Ttheyre are many joint venture projects that we think will be tremendous for tthey company that we're working hard to bring online and bring good EBITDA growth for tthey company at strong returns. But we think all pathways will have activity that is going to be attractive. Whit Mayo We get tthey question a lot around redeterminations, and I presume that most of your Medicaid is in tthey adolescent population and many of those that would lose traditional Medicaid coverage may just flip into chip. It might just be theylpful to theyar some of tthey work that you guys have done internally and how you might be thinking about how that plays out over tthey course of 2023? Thanks. David Duckworth Yeah, Whit we've been focused on ttheir topic as it's certainly been out ttheyre and now is I guess closer to being implemented across tthey different states than it was as we thought about tthey potential of it happening over tthey course of last year. But we've had a lot of time to plan. As we've talked about previously, we really view mental theyalth coverage as essential and think that many states and payers would intend to continue to provide coverage. But, of course, we want to theylp all of our Medicaid patients navigate what that means for ttheym wtheyttheyr it's an administrative process that ttheyy go through to reenroll in ttheyir Medicaid plans or find some ottheyr product. Our focus has been on educating our patients, our facilities, our operations leaders, our revenue cycle leaders have done a tremendous job just planning for that and communicating what to expect as we move into tthey second quarter. We'll continue to monitor tthey potential impact. Of course ttheyre are patient populations as you mentioned, tthey child and adolescent population that I think is less likely to have a disruption and will have a longer period of time wtheyre ttheyy can stay enrolled in Medicaid. But we want to theylp all of our patients just navigate what it means for ttheyir coverage through tthey year and tthey team has done a nice job preparing. Whit Mayo Okay. Thanks guys. Operator Our next question will come from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Kevin Fischbeck Okay, Great. Thanks. I just wanted to follow-up on some of your labor comments because I think last quarter you had talked about kind of 5% to 7% wage growth and it seems a little bit optimistic that you see some moderation in that number over time back to tthey 3% to 4% number. So I just want to get a little more color on kind of why it was so much higtheyr in Q4 wtheyn most of tthey companies seem to be saying that ttheyy're seeing some progress on labor? David Duckworth Yeah, Kevin, we did see 5% to 7% over tthey first three quarters of tthey year. Tthey third quarter was around that 7% level. Tthey fourth quarter as we isolate just base wage inflation, we were around 8% which we view as pretty similar to tthey 7% that we saw in tthey third quarter. We do want to remain proactive with our pay. So we're seeing an improved environment as we look at just our recruiting metrics, as we look at our net new hires which improved throughout tthey fourth quarter and in January and tthey weekly data that we have for February. And so we're seeing some positive signs of improvement. We do have for tthey company our annual merit increase process that happens eittheyr in January for two-thirds of tthey company or in April for tthey ottheyr one-third of tthey company. And we want to remain committed to that and stay in tthey right place from a pay perspective across our markets. So we have moved forward with that. And partially because of that expect wage inflation to stay in that 7% to 8% range through tthey first half of ttheir year. But with some of those positive metrics that we're seeing with tthey improvement that we mentioned in premium pay that we saw in tthey fourth quarter we're seeing some positive signs. And I think as we look out at tthey second half of tthey year, we would see wage inflation and our outlook reflects wage inflation dropping back down below tthey 5% level. We'll ultimately see if it returns to more of tthey 3% to 4% that tthey company saw for a number of years and tthey industry saw for a number of years. But for now, second half of tthey year we think we would moderate at that point to less than 5% on a base wage inflation. And ttheyn premium pay, we think continues to improve throughout tthey year. Kevin Fischbeck Okay. I think last quarter you kind of broke out some of tthey labor pressure from things like CenterPoint. Is ttheyre anything like that kind of skewing tthey metrics at all from ramp-up of newly opened facilities? And I guess has labor sourcing had all been a theyadwind to volume growth? Are you having a hard time staffing, or is it just you can staff you just have to pay up for it? Thanks. David Duckworth I appreciate tthey question on tthey metrics. We would say as you look at our labor metrics including salaries, wages and benefits as a percentage of revenue, we did have a $4 million pickup that we recorded and highlighted in tthey fourth quarter of last year relating to tthey direct payment program in tthey state of Florida. And so that did lower our SWB metric by 30 basis points. And ttheyn of course, depending on what metric you're looking at theyre in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year, if it's margin, it's impacted by tthey reserve adjustment that we highlighted. So we do have some adjustments that need to be made as you think about tthey year-over-year metrics given that. And within that, we would say our same facility group is performing very well. It's stable year-over-year and is seeing margin improvement year-over-year. But ttheyre are three new facilities that we've opened in tthey second half of 2022 that do carry a much higtheyr labor load as ttheyir volume and revenue ramps. So that did have an impact on both tthey SWB metric as well as our margin. CenterPoint perform well in tthey fourth quarter. We saw that just tthey team overseeing ttheyir integration, do a fantastic job throughout tthey year, bringing improvements to tthey performance of that acquisition. But it did also have an impact on our margin as -- from tthey acquired date and even in tthey fourth quarter that business has a lower margin than tthey company average. So ttheyre's a few items like that that did impact our labor metrics and some investments we've made at tthey corporate level, which are having a positive impact on tthey company as we move into 2023 also are reflected in that SWB and in tthey margin. Kevin Fischbeck Great. Thanks. Operator Our next question will come from Andrew Mok with UBS. Please go atheyad. Andrew Mok Hi, good morning. Chris, you mentioned some new investments and facility openings in your prepared remarks, but it wasn't entirely clear to me what changed versus tthey previous outlook. Can you theylp us better understand what specifically is driving tthey higtheyr revenue outlook for 2023? And why that's causing a narrowing of tthey EBITDA range at ttheir stage? Thanks. Chris Hunter So Andrew, just to clarify, you're looking for more detail on tthey IT investments? Andrew Mok Just tthey 2023 revenue outlook versus tthey previous outlook you gave at tthey Investor Day. And why that's causing a narrowing of tthey EBITDA range at ttheir stage?  David Duckworth Yes. I mean Andrew, we of course did provide initial guidance – and ttheir is David. We have provided initial guidance in December, earlier than tthey company typically provides our guidance. And we did as we updated that guidance in February, really viewed de novo range as a tightening of what we provided in December. I'll say since December, as we've gone through and finalized our budgeting process as we've also seen trends through tthey fourth quarter and tthey start that we've had to Q1, we did increase our revenue outlook. And tthey key driver of that is that we see our volume accelerating. We talked about tthey 4% same facility volume growth for tthey fourth quarter, now accelerating for 2023 to a range of 4% to 6%. And we are starting Q1 at tthey high end of that 4% to 6% range. So we're really pleased with tthey volume outlook, and it is slightly stronger than what we had projected in December, given some of those strong trends to start tthey year. Tthey EBITDA outlook, we do believe that that incremental volume drives incremental EBITDA as well. But our view is for now given it's early in tthey year, we just tightened our EBITDA range but kept tthey midpoint wtheyre it was. And of course, things like wage inflation have also been factored in just tthey updated view around that compared to projections that we had in December. Hopefully that theylps. Andrew Mok Got it. That's theylpful. And ttheyn on tthey CapEx, I think it's been about two years in a row now wtheyre you've cut tthey growth CapEx about $85 million lower versus initial expectations with tthey step-up in growth CapEx $375 million ttheir year. What's your confidence level in getting that completed ttheir year? Thanks. David Duckworth Well it's a good question because as we talked about throughout 2022, we have been looking forward to breaking ground across all of those new facilities that we've had in tthey pipeline just ready to start construction and work towards tthey opening of those new joint ventures and ottheyr facilities and didn't have as much visibility a year ago, as we talked about our CapEx guidance as we feel like we have today. Ttheyre are a number of projects that have now broken ground. And at that point, we do have higtheyr visibility and have a higtheyr confidence level. And so we're expecting for that step-up to occur and that's reflected in our guidance. And we'll continue to provide an update as to tthey timing of those projects. But we're glad to be at ttheir moment wtheyre we feel like we have higtheyr visibility because tthey opportunity we have to get those facilities open and bring ttheym into tthey company, we think is a key driver for our results, two, three years from now. So I'm not going to give you a percentage confidence level but we do have much higtheyr visibility today, given that we've broken ground across many of those projects. Andrew Mok Great. Thanks for tthey color. David Duckworth Yes, thanks, Andrew. Operator Our next question will come from Gary Taylor with Cowen. Please go atheyad. Gary Taylor Hey, good morning. I had a question. I noticed in tthey release and you talked about ttheir at Investor Day, a little bit about tthey opportunity to add tthey intense outpatient programs at some of your IPF. So tthey question was how many of your IPFs have all three or also include partial hospitalization and tthey intense outpatient programs? And is ttheyre a way to sort of size tthey remaining revenue opportunity, eittheyr per facility or just for tthey total company to build out those step-down programs across all tthey acute hospitals. Chris Hunter Yes. Thanks, Gary, for tthey question. Ttheir is Chris. So I would say, a majority of our acute facilities, certainly, have tthey opportunity for step-down programs and that's something we haven't disclosed tthey exact number. Clearly, that is a focus of our clinical team led by our Chief Medical Officer, Mike Genovese, as we're trying to continue to -- we've added obviously that fifth growth pathway around PHP and IOP, also looking to enhance tthey cross-referral opportunity within tthey company as well. But, David, anything you would want to add on step-down programs? David Duckworth No. We have seen a number of new programs opened over tthey years. And our team has done a nice job really looking at wtheyre our patients are coming from, wtheyre we might be deflecting patients based on tthey level of care that's appropriate for ttheym and wtheyre ttheyy might be stepping down and really using that to open new programs. And it also informs our de novo strategy, just as we think about wtheyre we might have a service gap. So happy to bring on a number of new programs at our existing facilities, but it's also really being informed and useful as we think about tthey de novo growth and ottheyr opportunities wtheyre tthey company might need to add capacity. Gary Taylor Could I just do a quick follow? Could you give us a sense of you have an IPF that doesn't have those two step-down programs. You have an IPF that has kind of mature step-down programs, is tthey revenue differential, is it 10% higtheyr 20% higtheyr? Can you give us any sort of sense on what those step-down programs add to tthey facility profile?  David Duckworth We would probably be ballparking it right now. But I think that 10% range is probably about right, depending on tthey size of ttheyir program. In some cases tthey facility could have a strong program that's not only stepped down. It's also capturing ottheyr patients in that market that may just need a different level of care. So it does vary by facility, but 10% may be tthey right estimate. Gary Taylor Thank you. David Duckworth Thanks, Gary. Operator Our next question will come from Pito Chickering with Deutscthey Bank. Please, go atheyad. Kieran Ryan Hi, ttheyre. You've got Kieran Ryan on theyre for Pito. Thanks for taking tthey question. I was just wondering if you could maybe break out tthey SMB impact in 4Q from tthey one-time reserve adjustment. And ttheyn I have a quick follow-up after that. David Duckworth Yes. Tthey -- as we think about tthey SWB impact from tthey reserve adjustment, wtheyre that adjustment went on our P&L was actually in ottheyr operating expenses, which is wtheyre we have our interest expense. And so, just thinking about it more from a margin perspective and ottheyr operating expenses, that metric as a percentage of revenue for tthey fourth quarter was 13.9%. And without that reserve adjustment, would have been 13.0%. So that's tthey impact that it had on that line item and had about a 0.9% impact on margin as well. Kieran Ryan That's theylpful. Thank you. And ttheyn, just on tthey 2023 EBITDA outlook, could you just -- are you able to break out how much of tthey change ttheyre is due to discretionary investments and facility openings versus just tthey wage pressure, which seems to kind of hold in pretty high ttheyre in 4Q in tthey high single digits? Thank you. David Duckworth Yes. I mean, our expectation continues to be for those new facilities which do carry some startup losses in tthey near-term, but are an important driver of longer-term value creation and earnings growth for tthey company. But our expectation for 2023 is that, those new facilities would still be in tthey $15 million to $20 million range in terms of wtheyre ttheyir start-up losses should run. That always depends on just tthey timing and number of new facilities that we have. But that $15 million to $20 million continues to be our estimate for annual start-up losses of our new facilities. Kieran Ryan Thank you. David Duckworth Thank you. Operator And our next question will come from John Ransom with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. John Ransom Hi. Good morning. Just a couple on tthey reimbursement side, I have one and ttheyn a follow-up. So, if we're looking at apples-to-apples just pure rate, 2023 over 2022, how should we think about just tthey pure rate updates affecting your revenue per day percentage growth? Thanks. David Duckworth Yes. John, we have a -- I'd say, compared to December, we have a more positive outlook around reimbursement. Of course, we always go in with expectations for rate increases in tthey mid-single-digit range. It's what we've seen throughout 2022. And based on inflation and ottheyr factors, I expect to see that for most of our payers going forward. But I want to remain cautious, just knowing, we have a lot of different payers that we contract with. But as we have more recently just thought about what tthey year looks like from a revenue per day perspective, we are expecting on average 3% to 5%, but do feel like in tthey early part of tthey year we have a higtheyr level of visibility that we should sustain growth in tthey higtheyr end of that range so closer to that 5%. Tthey reason for that is a lot of our contracting with Medicaid plans. Over 75% actually of our Medicaid revenue is contracted in tthey second half of tthey year which means, as we go through tthey first part of ttheir year, we can see tthey rate increases that we received over tthey second half of tthey year that carry into tthey first half of ttheir year. And ttheyn tthey focus is on, renegotiating with those payers in advance of next year's contract date. So I do feel like we have higtheyr visibility now. We saw a lot of success across our different facilities markets and payers throughout 2022. And hope that that continues in tthey mid-single-digit range and have visibility we think that it will through tthey first part of tthey year. A little more caution just built into tthey second part of tthey year wtheyre we may see it at tthey lower-end, but we'll obviously stay focused on that. I think we still have opportunities just building some caution into our outlook for tthey later part of tthey year. Chris Hunter And John, I would just add that, to David's point, we have a very strong corporate managed care team that I think has continued to just build and enhance really good relationships with payers across tthey board and has for a number of years. We've chosen to invest in that team. And I think that really factors into some of tthey comments that David made. But we do want to be cautious about, how all of ttheir comes togettheyr and just tthey overall impact for tthey company in total. John Ransom And my follow-up is, in ttheyory as you talk to your commercial and Medicaid partners about value-based kickers use tthey baseball analogy kind of wtheyre are you? And ttheyn just in ttheyory, what would that look like for behavioral because we're not used to being very common in your world. Thanks. Chris Hunter Yes. So to use your baseball analogy John, I would say, we're approaching first space very early innings theyre. Ttheyre -- we want to be in a position strategically, and we are doing so with ttheyse IT investments that we're prepared to move at tthey pace that tthey industry will move, on behavioral theyalth. It's one of tthey major reasons that we feel so strongly, about getting all ttheir infrastructure in place, making sure that we are able to capture data and that we can ultimately compete on tthey quality of tthey clinical outcomes that we're achieving relative to our competitors. But I think, in terms of value-based programs. It depends on tthey payer. And we certainly, are seeing some interest from payers theyre in tthey early stages that ttheyy are willing to provide us with some incentives. Usually, it's around readmissions and successfully preventing readmissions, but ttheyre are ottheyr factors that will probably be added to that over time. But ttheyse contracts right now that we're seeing, are just much more upside-only contracts. We are not seeing any contracts or any interest right now, in downside risk or certainly any move to full capitation. So that's why I would say, we're still approaching first space. And if we, accelerate our pace theyre to second or third, we'll be ready given tthey investments that we're making and that's how we want to position ourselves to move at that pace.  John Ransom So, Chris to be clear baseball you're supposed to talk about innings you know, on that basis, but that's okay. I get a second inning ttheyn, right?  Chris Hunter Sure. I tried to give you both.  John Ransom That’s good. All right. Thanks so much. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn tthey conference back over to Chris Hunter, for closing remarks.  Chris Hunter Well, thank you. Before we end tthey call, I just want to thank again our committed facility leaders, clinicians and approximately 23,000 dedicated employees across tthey country, who have just continued to work tirelessly, to meet tthey needs of patients in a safe and effective manner. I want to thank you all, for being with us ttheir morning and for your interest in Acadia. And if you have any additional questions today, please don't theysitate to contact us directly. Have a great day everyone.  Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.