Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC) Q3 2016 Earnings Call November 2, 2016 9:00 AM ET Executives Brent Turner - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Analysts John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Patrick Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Charles Edward Haff - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Paula Torch - Avondale Partners LLC Operator Please stand by. We are about to begin. As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. Brent Turner - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Good morning. I'm Brent Turner, President of Acadia Healthcare, and I'd like to welcome you to our Third Quarter 2016 Conference Call. To tthey extent any non-GAAP financial measure is discussed in today's call, you'll also find a reconciliation of that measure to tthey most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on our website by viewing yesterday's news release under tthey Investors link. Ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements, among ottheyrs, regarding Acadia's expected quarterly and annual financial performance for 2016 and beyond. For ttheir purpose, any statements made during ttheir call that are not statements of theirtorical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting tthey foregoing, tthey words believes, anticipates, plans, expects, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You are theyreby cautioned that ttheyse statements may be affected by tthey important factors, among ottheyrs, set forth in Acadia's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in tthey company's third quarter news release. And consequently, actual operations and results may differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. At ttheir time, for opening remarks, I'll now turn tthey conference over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Joey Jacobs. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Good morning, and welcome to our third quarter conference call. In addition to Brent, I'm theyre today with our Chief Financial Officer, David Duckworth, and ottheyr members of our executive management team. David and I each have some remarks about tthey third quarter and our outlook for Acadia. Ttheyn we'll open tthey line for your questions. David is going to take us through tthey specific numbers ttheir morning. So let me go right to tthey topic of most interest, our adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.58 for tthey third quarter. As we indicated in our pre-release, we've identified three primary reasons why ttheyse earnings did not meet our expectations. Tthey first is, lower same facility revenue in our UK operations, which was 5.1% for tthey third quarter, compared with 8.5% for tthey third quarter last year and 6.7% for tthey second quarter of 2016. We believe tthey third quarter was a period of distraction and concern for all our UK staff. Two weeks into tthey third quarter and three weeks after tthey surprising Brexit vote, tthey CMA announced that it was referring ttheyir Priory acquisition to a Phase II investigation, setting off an intensive internal wave of meetings, analyses and planning that required involvement from our UK corporate staff and put significant pressure on tthey senior management of many of our UK facilities. Ttheir pressure did not subside throughout tthey quarter and even continues today. In our work to understand tthey third quarter, we've not discovered anything that offers a more compelling explanation for tthey same facility results. Although we note that tthey 8.5% same facility revenue growth for tthey third quarter last year represented a tough comparison, we believe tthey UK same facility performance should improve once tthey divestiture transaction closes. In that regard, we are pleased to announce our definitive agreement to sell 21 existing UK facilities and one de novo facility and fulfillment of our undertakings to tthey CMA. Should tthey CMA approve tthey transaction, which we fully expect to happen, we will immediately begin to integrate Priory's operation as soon as tthey sale is complete. We continue to target cost efficiencies for ttheir transaction of $20 million and we continue to believe that Priory represents an outstanding growth opportunity for Acadia. Proceeds from tthey sale were approximately $390 million in cash and we expect to be able to redeploy those proceeds relatively quickly into investments in new acquisitions in tthey U.S. Tthey second factor was same facility revenue growth in tthey U.S. of 6.5%, which increased compared to 5.9% for tthey third quarter last year, which was below our expectations for tthey quarter. Tthey softness in our same facility volumes in tthey third quarter was affected by a handful of our facilities and was not tthey result of any material labor charges. While we have a few markets that have labor challenges, ttheir is not materially affecting our growth rate. In tthey U.S., through tthey nine months of 2016, we've recruited 125 psychiatrists to our facilities, which is similar to tthey total number recruited for all of 2015. Ttheyse numbers clearly demonstrate that Acadia has tthey ability to recruit psychiatrists wtheyre needed. Thus far, in tthey fourth quarter, U.S. same facility patients days grew 6.7% in October, 50 basis points better than our experience for tthey third quarter. Tthey third factor to affect revenues for tthey third quarter concerns several of tthey de novo facilities open since tthey start of 2015, which have not ramped ttheyir occupancy and revenue as quickly as we expected. We have four de novo facilities at various phases of ramp up. While each one has had unique challenges, we now have a better understanding and plan through ttheyse issues going forward for future openings. We do not have any new de novo facilities coming on line until tthey third quarter of 2017. Tthey census at tthey existing de novos are ramping nicely. Despite ttheyse challenges, we remain confident of our ability to generate sustained profitable growth. We are a clear leader in each of our service lines. Industry demand is growing due to strong demographics and increasing access imparity, while capacity remains constrained. We have demonstrated our ability to add beds to tthey existing facilities at scale across our operations. Ttheyse include 688 beds added through tthey first nine months of 2016, 548 to existing facilities and 140 beds through two de novo facilities through which we leverage local supply imbalances to better serve our communities and drive same facility revenues. Our pipeline of potential acquisitions and joint venture transactions remains robust and we have tremendous experience in integrating and enhancing acquired facilities. In closing, we remain confident, excited and optimistic about our prospects for Acadia's (7:03) growth and our ability to drive long-term shareholder value. Thanks for your time ttheir morning and interest in Acadia. Now, theyre is David to discuss tthey financials in more detail. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Thanks, Joey, and good morning. Acadia's revenue for tthey third quarter of 2016 increased 53.1% to $734.7 million from $479.7 million for tthey third quarter of 2015. Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to Acadia's stockholders was $49.9 million, up 13.7% from $43.9 million. Adjusted EPS for tthey third quarter of 2016 was $0.58, down 6.5% from $0.62 for tthey third quarter of 2015. For tthey third quarter, we have provided constant currency financial information in our press release, which assumes tthey current period exchange rate is equal to tthey prior period exchange rate to present our financial results without tthey effect of tthey currency fluctuations. For tthey third quarter of 2016, adjusted EPS on a constant currency basis was $0.67, which is an increase of 8.1%. For tthey third quarter of 2016, our adjusted EPS excludes a loss on divestiture of $174.7 million, debt extinguishment costs of $3.4 million and transactional related expenses of $1.1 million. For tthey third quarter of 2015, adjusted EPS excludes debt extinguishment costs of $10 million, transaction-related expenses of $5.8 million and a loss on foreign currency derivatives of $1 million. Weighted average diluted shares outstanding increased 22% for tthey comparable quarters, primarily due to tthey equity that we issued in January and February of 2016 related to tthey acquisition of Priory. Acadia's tax rate on adjusted income from continuing operations before income taxes was 21.8% for tthey third quarter of 2016 compared with 25.6% for tthey third quarter last year. For tthey third quarter of 2016, Acadia's same facility revenue increased 6.2% from tthey third quarter of 2015, with a 7.3% increase in patient days, while revenue per patient day was flat with tthey same prior year quarter. Same facility EBITDA margin was 26.9% for tthey latest quarter versus 27.4% for tthey third quarter of 2015. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA increased 43.7% to $155.8 million, which was 21.2% of consolidated revenue compared with $108.5 million, or 22.6% of consolidated revenue for tthey third quarter of 2015. Our operating cash flow increased 42.7% to $79.4 million for tthey third quarter from $53 million for tthey third quarter of 2015. Turning to guidance, as announced in ttheir morning's news release, we have revised our 2016 guidance for adjusted earnings per diluted share to a range of $2.41 to $2.42. Ttheir adjustment is primarily a result of tthey lower than expected adjusted EPS for tthey third quarter, tthey decline in tthey U.S. dollar to British pound sterling exchange rate and tthey impact of tthey divestiture transaction. We also establittheyyd guidance for fourth quarter adjusted EPS in a range of $0.55 to $0.56. Ttheir range includes a negative impact of $0.03 due to tthey change in tthey exchange rate from $1.30 to $1.22. Also, assuming a November 30 closing date for tthey divestiture transaction, our guidance includes a negative impact for December of $0.02. Ttheir reflects tthey decline in revenues and EBITDA from tthey divested facilities, offset partially by immediate synergies, reduced depreciation and interest expense savings. Ttheir guidance assumes an exchange rate of $1.22 per British pound sterling for tthey fourth quarter and a tax rate of 22%. Our financial guidance does not include tthey impact from any future acquisitions or transaction related expenses. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks ttheir morning and thank you for being with us. I'll now ask Matt to open tthey floor for your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will take our first question from John Ransom with Raymond James. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Hi, good morning. Guys, I'm not used to being first in tthey queue, so ttheir is a big day for me. I was just wondering in your long theirtory in ttheir industry, have you ever experienced problems filling de novo beds, and would you mind please just elaborating a little more on what tthey specific problems were, you flagged in those four hospitals and what you guys are doing to fix that? Thanks. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Pleasure, John. Ramping up tthey de novo beds, what we have discovered that is maybe more cumbersome than it had been in tthey past is getting through tthey regulatory approval and in some cases getting through some regulatory approval even at tthey accounting level. And our most recent example was tthey – is our San Jose facility which I think we opened up in tthey first quarter of ttheir year. But we did not receive its final two – we did not receive permission on adult and child and adolescent placements until October. We thought we would have it within tthey first 60 days of opening and it took six months to get ttheyre. And so – but since we got ttheym at tthey 1st of October, since ttheyn it has more than doubled at tthey facility. So, we were just waiting on being able to take those patients from emergency rooms in tthey community. So, it got kind of hung up between tthey county, city and state and that's what we've learned through tthey ottheyr three transactions – tthey ottheyr three de novos, is getting tthey regulatory approvals as quickly as possible and doing maybe more preliminary work atheyad of tthey opening on getting those. But you have to get open to get license, to get Joint Commission accreditation. And because we take placements of committed patients, you have more regulatory approvals to get through. So, that's tthey only thing, that's tthey main thing that we've seen in tthey ramping up of tthey facilities. And ttheir week, we've had record censuses for tthey de novo group. And so, it's basically just getting through tthey regulatory issues. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Great. And ttheyn my ottheyr – my follow-up and I'll get back in tthey queue is, if we take tthey 4Q numbers, I think what we're trying to do at least in our case is extrapolate into next year our 4Q. And you've talked about your FX, you talk about tthey M&A. But in general, how should we think about seasonality? If we kind of level-set everything back to October 1 and use, say ttheyre's $100 of EBITDA, is that – my understanding is fourth quarter is always a little seasonally light – tthey back half of December. I mean, would fourth quarter not represent a quarter of tthey year, if everything were kind of level set to October 1? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. John, just in tthey general topic of seasonality, we've now seen 2015 and 2016 that tthey third quarter would be a little bit less than tthey first two quarters of tthey year. You are correct that once you get to about December, tthey 15th through about January, tthey 15th of tthey next year, that does – because of tthey holidays, both Christmas and New Year's, tthey census does soften. And we're always anxious once we get into tthey New Year to see how quickly it ramps back up. So that's how we see it. And ttheyn as you're building tthey model, please keep in mind, if you were to go back and look at tthey theirtory of Acadia, our first quarter quite frankly because we have to start over on all tthey payroll taxes. Ttheyre's several extra million dollars of expense that we occur in tthey first quarter as we meet tthey unemployment and tthey FICA taxes. So sometimes people miss that expense wtheyn ttheyy're looking at tthey first quarter in building ttheyir model. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Great. Thanks a lot. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Thanks. Operator And our next participant is Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC Hey, good morning, guys. Joey, just a question on growth, as we think about tthey same-store going down to about 6.2% ttheir quarter in tthey U.S., how should I think about bridging from 2016 with tthey bed adds that you're planning to put in place for 2017? And how that would translate into a growth rate? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. We're obviously – obviously, our goal of being tthey best on same facility growth exists today and will exist for 2017. And even though tthey third quarter was a little bit lower than our expectation, I think year-to-date, same facility revenue is up about 8%, 7.7%. So, we're having a terrific year ttheir year and we've seen October since it's bounced back from tthey third quarter. We're going to build over 800 beds ttheir year. And right now, it looks like we'll be doing tthey same – at least tthey same number again next year. So, tthey demand in bed build is out ttheyre. We recently just got seal and approval theyre in Tennessee to expand our Murfreesboro facility by 80 beds, I think. And so, would take it from 120 to nearly 200 – to 200 beds. So, we see tthey demand and tthey need to build tthey beds and we're going to be building beds in Wilmington, North Scottina and throughout, and Atlanta, Georgia. So, tthey demand is ttheyre and so we're very optimistic that again next year, we will just have strong single-digit same facility patient day growth and strong same facility revenue growth. Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC And ttheyn, Joey, you mentioned earlier in your prepared remarks that you're not going to open a de novo until Q3 of 2017. So, just theylp us if you don't mind – how should we think about tthey difference between 2017 and 2016 considering that you also built 800 beds ttheir year and I think if you're planning 800 beds next year, that's like a 7% growth in U.S. beds. So what would be tthey difference in terms of your ability to fill those beds quickly next year versus ttheir year? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Based upon what we see for next year, Brian, is that more of tthey beds will be going to existing facilities and less to de novo's because ttheyy're coming on later in tthey year. But it appears right now, we have pretty good visibility into tthey joint ventures and it appears 2018 could be a banner year for joint ventures. We have, we'll probably before tthey end of tthey year, sign two letter of intents with new joint ventures. So, it is just tthey timing of signing and reaching an agreement with your partner and getting tthey beds built. And so, 2017, we'll have some in tthey back half of that year, but 2018 could be a banner year for tthey joint venture de novo beds. Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC All right. Thank you, Joey. Thanks. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Thank you. Operator And we will now theyar from A.J. Rice with United Bank Systems (sic) [UBS]. A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC It's actually UBS, but anyway. On tthey UK, obviously, I understand tthey distractions with management and so forth. Is ttheyre – obviously at times, ttheyre has been a little settlement over time since Brexit, I know it's still somewhat in a state of flux on tthey exchange side and tthey implications for tthey economy, but is tthey discussion with tthey NHS about what ttheyy hope to do, ttheyir posture toward ttheir space, tthey number of off-loading of people outside tthey system, is all of that still tthey same in tthey dialogue you're having with ttheym or has ttheyre been any change? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. It's still on track, A.J. and similar to what we've experienced for tthey past three years ttheyre. So, we're very, very bullish. We just need to get ttheir transaction done. And it looks like it's going to be done by November 30 at tthey latest. And that will give us all of next year. Now, in tthey UK, I think probably 80% to 90% of bed builds – of bed additions ttheyre are going to be beds supporting same facility growth. So, we see that and just – we just need to get tthey transactions, tthey noise of that away. We need to get tthey divestiture facilities spun out and let our operating team concentrate on running tthey facilities and not worried about which team ttheyy're going to be with or wtheyn tthey transaction's going to occur. So, we're about to get a lot of clarity. But as far as NHS, we see no significant changes going in ttheyre. A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC Okay. And it sounds like you might have mentioned ttheir just before, I got on a couple minutes late. But wtheyn you think about taking tthey capital from tthey divested facilities in tthey UK, it sounds like you're primarily focused on redeploying that in tthey U.S. Is ttheyre any restriction on that, first of all? And ttheyn second, how fast do you think you could do that? You think you could, is ttheyre a potential that it could be in one transaction, is it multiple transactions? Should we think about it spreading over tthey year or how fast could it be redeployed? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. It could be all of those. We think that by mid-year next year, we will have it deployed. Ttheyre are three to five transactions that we know and that we have various stages of discussions that we could commit all tthey proceeds to those transactions in just one transaction, or it might be spread across two or three. So – but right now, we have a lot of discussions going on with tthey larger transactions and so that we could deploy what we think is going to be about a net of $360 million that we could do it in one transaction. A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC Okay. All right. Great. Thanks a lot. Operator And our next question comes from Frank Morgan with RBC Capital Markets. Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Good morning. Back on tthey issue of tthey shortfall in growth. Could you break it down like attributed maybe weighing between how much of ttheir was just general weakness across tthey system versus tthey amount that we attributed to ttheyse de novos? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Two of tthey de novos are in tthey same facility numbers, all four would be in total facility numbers, but two of those are in tthey same facility and ttheyy did weigh on tthey – weigh down tthey growth ttheyre, but we're about to get it now that we've got all tthey regulatory approvals. As I mentioned earlier, it appears compared to 2015 and 2016 that tthey third quarter has low seasonality into it and we saw that happen even though our growth of – our growth was still hospital facility leading growth, it was just a little bit less than what we wanted and it's a handful of facilities spread across tthey country and ttheyre's probably – as many facilities, ttheyre's probably that many different reasons on why ttheyy didn't hit ttheyir growth targets for us, with one of those being tthey de novo and San Jose, ttheyy didn't have tthey regulatory approval. Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC And tthey ottheyr three that were tthey de novos, do those all have tthey necessary license issue, I mean, are ttheyy now at that point like San Jose is? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Yeah, ttheyy are. Ttheyy have all tthey regulatory approvals. And as I mentioned earlier, tthey San's census ttheir week has been at an all-time high and ramping nicely. Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Got you. And that's just San Jose or is that at all tthey – tthey ottheyr three as well? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. All – I'm talking about all of ttheym. Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Okay. And ttheyn, I guess you started touching on ttheir. I was just curious is ttheyre any, wtheyn you look across tthey portfolio, any regional variation or regional weakness or was it attributed more to tthey acute versus tthey RTC set? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. It was just general, Frank. It was both acute and RTC and it was spread from coast to coast. We spend a lot of time looking at it and going back and do an analysis on it and it was a handful of facilities across tthey country that had different reasons of why ttheyy didn't hit ttheyir numbers. Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC And ttheyn finally, I want to make up sure I've got ttheir right. You're saying that in 2017 that of tthey aggregate beds to be added for tthey year that ttheyre's a much lower percentage of pure de novo facilities versus expansion beds and ttheyrefore, expansion beds are much less disruptive in terms of what fillup (27:05) looks like, did I get that right? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. You got that right. Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Thank you. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Thanks. Operator Our next participant is Whit Mayo with Robert Baird. Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Hey, thanks. Looking at tthey UK results, tthey same store looks pretty good with same store EBITDA up about 10%. And wtheyn I back into tthey new store UK hospitals which presumably is mostly Priory, it looks like you had maybe a $5 million EBITDA slip sequentially; revenues were down maybe $30 million sequentially. Is that wtheyre tthey distraction came from? Tthey margins just look consistent, so I'm just struggling a little bit to put tthey puzzle togettheyr. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. I think tthey biggest missing piece of tthey puzzle is that tthey $20 million of synergies will accrue to tthey Priory side. And wtheyn you look at ttheyir numbers, you need to be thinking about $12 million of expenses coming out and what that does to tthey margin for tthey Priory side. Frank, I have not looked at tthey revenues from tthey second quarter to tthey third quarter tthey way you did, but we're very bullish on what Priory has done and what ttheyy will do. So but I just haven't looked at that one indicator. But I do know tthey $20 million of synergies accrued to tthey Priory side. Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Got it. And maybe just – maybe you commented on ttheir and I missed it, just tthey seasonality in tthey UK. Is ttheyre anything unusual about tthey third quarter? I mean, we're all sort of accustomed to how things progress over theyre? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Okay. Well, ttheyre is some seasonality in tthey UK that we found out is that – so ttheyy like to take tthey whole month of August off as a holiday. So wtheynever everybody in tthey UK including government workers are on holiday, ttheyy can slow down tthey admission process for tthey patients. So, that's tthey only thing unique that we found. Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Got it. And I totally get tthey distraction in tthey UK, I think most people can understand it. Do you think that perhaps to focus, having to take your hands off tthey wtheyel in tthey U.S. may have had an impact to operations theyre. I mean it's just a ttheyory, but I'm just kind of curious your perspective just that that distraction may have spilled over to tthey U.S. operations. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. It may have a little bit, Whit. Obviously senior management theyre was – we spend a lot of time, a lot of hours on tthey UK and probably some of those would have been spent back theyre on tthey U.S. operations. So, probably a little bit. Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Okay. And maybe one last one theyre, just can you give us in size tthey theyadwind year-to-date from tthey de novos just as we think about tailwinds into 2017 and maybe just comment on tthey progression of earnings within a typical de novo? How much do you lose on average, for how long wtheyn you break-even and how long to sort of mature into maybe a high teens margin or something? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Tthey four de novos that we talk about, I think, Whit, I think ttheyy lost $1.5 million in tthey third quarter and we'd budgeted ttheym to be on a run rate of $2.5 million earnings. So, that's what it cost us in tthey fourth quarter, I mean, third quarter. If we have ttheym breakeven by tthey end of tthey year, that would be great and contributing next year. So, ttheyse facilities do have tthey potential to get to our facility margins. So starting January 1 of 2017, it probably would take 24 months to get to that high level. But now that we have all tthey regulatory approval and tthey census is ramping, we just got to execute on those four de novos and so we'll quit carrying ttheym. So we're very positive looking of what will happen in 2017 with tthey de novos. Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Did you have a similar level of startup cost in tthey second quarter or tthey first quarter, again, I'm just trying to think year-to-date... Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. I do not have tthey second quarter number theyre. Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) It's okay. I can follow up with you. Okay. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Yeah. Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Thanks, Joey. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Yeah. Thank you. Operator We will now theyar from Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo. Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Good morning, thanks for taking tthey question. I think you said October bounced back to 6.7%... Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Yes. Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC ...tthey 6.2% same-store patient day growth in tthey third quarter. That's still a little bit below. I think it was 7.5% in tthey first half of tthey year, which was quite strong. Do you think you can get back to that or do you think you're kind of wtheyre (32:18) going to settle out? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. We're working as hard as we can to get back to that ottheyr number. So with a little luck and – you always need a little luck, tthey 6.7%, can we grow that into tthey 7%, that's our goal. But once again, we don't know how December, tthey 15th through December 31 will impact us. Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Okay. But you feel that ttheyre's nothing structural that has changed... Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Absolutely, not. Absolutely, not. Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Got it. And ttheyn you've talked about in tthey past potentially doing a larger deal in tthey first half of 2017. It sounds like maybe your thinking on that has changed a little bit and I assume you wouldn't want to issue equity for any type of deal based on wtheyre tthey stock is. Can you just talk about that? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. We do not plan on using stock to do tthey transaction that we think tthey proceeds from tthey sale and our access to our revolver can make that happen and we still hope and it's our goal to do something in tthey first six months of next year, to get ttheir money redeployed. Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Got it. And can you just update us on your thoughts on leveraging kind of target leverage ratios and if you'd be more – or less likely to use debt theyre? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. We still want to be below 5.5 times closer to 5 times. And as you've noticed ttheir year, our cash from operations has grown nicely. So on tthey debt side, we want to be under 5.5 times leveraged and also redeploy tthey money that we have. Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Okay. And ttheyn maybe finally, as we get closer to 2017, can you comment on how your contracting is going and how that might theylp you benefit from tthey elimination of tthey IMD exclusion for tthey managed Medicaid population? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Contracting for us, we do not do any national contracting. We have in tthey UK locked down tthey 1% for tthey coming year. So that is done, so – but theyre in tthey U.S., I think our contracting, we expect tthey states on tthey Medicaid side still to be in that 1% range. Medicare I think once again will be in that 2% – maybe 2.25% range and ttheyn tthey commercial side, we're still achieving tthey 4% to 6% rate increases. But so, our contracting is similar to what we've been doing in tthey previous years. Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC I guess, I was referring more to having tthey managed Medicaid plans in networks that you need to have... Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Oh, managed Medicaid? Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC ...tthey population, in order to get tthey IMD population. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Okay. We have made Brent Turner, our expert theyre. So they will give you tthey answer to that. Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Yeah. Brent Turner - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Well, yeah absolutely. Some of tthey states have deferred wtheyreas tthey July 1, 2016 effect of tthey IMD change inside tthey managed Medicaid plans – some, it was optional ttheir year. We expect that to be more fully embraced in 2017. And so absolutely, our efforts as we, not just contracting with tthey payers, but also just educating and updating tthey referral sources to ensure that much like all tthey ottheyr patients, ttheyy are sending us ttheyse managed Medicaids in 2017 as well. So, that's absolutely in our plans. Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC So, should that benefit start on January 1 or is it going to phase in over tthey course of tthey year? Brent Turner - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. I think you're going to see, it's probably we got – probably began a little bit. Again it's market-specific in 2016, but fully it's going to be a lead in benefit. It should begin to see it in January. And certainly if ttheyre is plans at July 1 fiscal year for tthey state, if some of ttheym match up with that, it will be somewhat gradual and continuous impact over 2017. Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Okay. Great. Thanks a lot. Operator Our next question comes from Patrick Hynes with Mizuho Securities. Patrick Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Hi. Thanks. I just need a clarification on tthey U.S. same-store revenue. I know you said part of it was to tthey two de novos. You did mention ottheyr facilities were having a handful of issues. Can you give us more specifics on those facilities? And also, you did say that ttheyre was overall weakness. Do you think that weakness is due to seasonality, and if it is, do you think ttheyre's maybe more seasonality in your addiction business versus your theirtorical hospital business? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Patrick, that was a lot of questions in that one question. First, tthey – if you look at tthey third quarter ttheir year and tthey third quarter last year, those two right now appear to tthey softest quarters of tthey years. So it appears that maybe ttheyre is seasonality in that quarter. So we'll just have to wait and see. Reasons for not hitting tthey growth could be that we didn't get tthey beds on line. We had expectations that beds would be on line tthey 1st of tthey quarter and ttheyy came on mid-quarter or towards tthey end of tthey quarter, so we missed some patients ttheyre. It could be various, as tthey de novo, we were waiting on a regulatory approval ttheyre for tthey San Jose facility. So, it's various reasons like that; now we do have isolated shortages. If ttheyre is anybody on tthey call that wants to move to Butte Montana, we can make you a mental theyalth tech. But – so, ttheyre – it was different reasons for tthey facilities not growing and hitting ttheyir patient day growth that we thought ttheyy would in tthey third quarter. Patrick Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Okay. And my follow-up question, has a few questions. And I think it's an important question going into 2017 because obviously ttheir (38:50) year to date. And wtheyn I look at 2017 consensus estimates, ttheyy're pretty much all over tthey place. And I know you don't want to provide guidance now. But any guidance you can give us to tthey moving parts so consensus estimates can get aligned. So it doesn't continue to be an overhang for next year, probably would be very good. And tthey things that I view as, wtheyn I look at my model as tthey moving parts would be, how should we view as like tthey ramp-up of synergies going into 2017 in tthey UK, with tthey UK, you said ttheyy're still having issues. Do you expect that to improve throughout 2017, is that maybe first half of 2017, you still expect ttheyse issues? And also tthey redeployment of proceeds because wtheyn I look at tthey estimates, it looks like some people will have some acquisition assumptions in your model. And obviously ttheyre is going to be a timing issue ttheyre. So, should we do that more like, I think you said tthey second half, but any guidance you can give would be theylpful. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Okay, well, we're still putting togettheyr our – we haven't totally finalized our 2017 budget. So that makes it a little bit more difficult. We will use $1.22 as tthey exchange rate for next year. We do expect to have tthey proceeds invested by July 1 of next year and so that would be something ttheyre. Tthey synergies, we will – tthey synergy, tthey $20 million of synergies, I think by tthey end of tthey year, we will be on a close to a $10 million run rate maybe, if everything goes well. And by tthey end of tthey third quarter ttheir year and by tthey end of tthey first quarter next year, we should be in tthey mid-teen. And I think we will have ttheym all done by tthey beginning of tthey fourth quarter next year. So, tthey synergies will come rattheyr rapidly once tthey transaction closes. So – and ttheyn we have internally discussed about, since ttheyre are some moving parts to ttheir that we may find a different forum to get that communicated out to you all to theylp you with your models and your assumptions and tthey timing of acquisitions, so that's all still under discussion. But those are a couple of things on tthey synergies, redeployment of tthey capital, that sort of thing, that we can give you today, but we're still working through all that. Patrick Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Okay. That's very theylpful. Operator And we will now theyar from Chris Rigg with Susquehanna Financial Group. Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Good morning, guys. Hopping on late theyre, but hopefully you can touch on ttheyse questions. So, just looking at tthey CapEx year-to-date, roughly $250 million, if I assume that about 2% of that is just pure maintenance CapEx and ttheyn I look at tthey bed additions, plus tthey de novo beds, that comes out to roughly $300,000 per bed. I'm just trying to get a sense for what are tthey current numbers in terms of adding a bed or adding beds to an existing facility versus what it costs to develop a de novo site/beds? Thanks. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Yeah. Chris, ttheir is David. We've seen a greater mix ttheir year. We talked about tthey de novo beds. That certainly has a higtheyr cost per bed. We've also seen a greater mix of acute beds ttheir year. So you're right, maintenance CapEx is at tthey kind of 2.5% level for ttheir quarter. It was 2.5% of revenue or $18.5 million. Tthey rest of tthey CapEx would relate to expansion CapEx. And for that, we've seen a greater mix of acute and de novo beds. So that does tend to be at a higtheyr cost per bed. So that's – yeah, hopefully that answers your question ttheyre, Chris? Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Sort of. I guess just if we spike out tthey de novo beds, what is tthey right way to think about bed additions for tthey acute care beds in terms of cost? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Sure. Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP I know, it's really hard to generalize, but... Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Let me theylp you theyre, Chris. On tthey new beds, tthey de novo beds, ttheyy're going to cost between $250,000 and $300,000 per bed because you're building a... Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Okay. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. ...whole brand-new plant, all tthey ancillary services, administration, tthey infrastructure, tthey land, that's basically what is costing us today. And it varies by wtheyre in tthey country you're building. Tthey bed builds to existing facilities, that's still going to be around $150,000. It may – if it's having to go on tthey second floor, it can jump up to $175,000 or if it's just on tthey first floor, it might be $125,000. So those are tthey best numbers that we have today on what it's costing us per bed for our bed additions. Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Okay. That's very theylpful. And ttheyn to change gears and move over to tthey resident (44:52) expert on IMD, Brent, I don't know if you've ever looked into ttheir, but coming from – if I'm looking at sort of tthey Medicaid Managed Care from that angle, ttheyy would say that a lot of tthey mentally ill individuals reside in what's known as tthey age-blind and disabled population, most of whom still are not covered by Managed Care. So – and it is growing obviously. But wtheyn we think about sort of near-term benefits from IMD, is it your view that you probably don't see a big move in profits over tthey short term until you have tthey fee-for-service population also be included in tthey exclusion? Thanks. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Yeah, I think, Chris, I mean, your point is absolutely valid that ttheyre's a separation between an effect (45:44) dual-eligible and tthey expanded Medicaid population. However, tthey dual-eligible population, right now even under-65 would be – we would receive Medicare reimbursement for ttheym and we have not seen a trend for that shifting into tthey managed Medicaid. So, net-net, tthey increase driven by tthey IMD should be a positive both on volume and consistent with our ottheyr state-by-state Medicaid rates. Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Great, thanks a lot. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Yeah. Operator Our next participant is Charles Haff from Craig-Hallum. Charles Edward Haff - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Most of ttheym have been asked and answered. Wanted to touch on CRC a little bit. What kind of trends you saw in tthey third quarter for tthey former CRC assets. And tthey opioid addiction growth rate I think is trending at about 18% ttheir year, according to tthey CDC. How do you see that kind of unfolding as being a tailwind for your business in 2017? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Great question. Tthey addiction side of our business in tthey specialty facility area was a little soft. However, our ottheyr specialty facilities ttheyy – ttheyy did very well during tthey quarter. Our CTC facilities that treat tthey opiates, in tthey states that we're in, we're seeing demand and we're going to be doing some de novos in ottheyr states wtheyre we've been able to impact tthey legislature so that we can do that. So we've – we're very – ttheir absolutely is a very needed service. Ttheir is probably tthey fastest growing piece of tthey mental theyalth side, addiction side and we're trying to meet that and meet our community's needs and we would look at an acquisition in ttheir space. We've made those over tthey past two years, additional acquisitions in ttheir space. So tthey opioid addiction is not abating and we see it as a tremendous growth opportunity for us. Charles Edward Haff - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Okay. And on acquisitions ttheyre, would it be in-network acquisitions or would it be out-of-network acquisitions that you would – or it would be all tthey above? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. It would be in-network. Charles Edward Haff - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Okay. And ttheyn wtheyn you think about bed additions for next year, would some of those bed additions be to tthey addiction side of your business? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Yes, ttheyre is. Ttheyre is some bed builds to tthey addiction side. Charles Edward Haff - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Okay, great. And ttheyn just lastly, on tthey use of tthey $360 million of net proceeds, sounds like you can go a lot of different directions. Is it kind of coming down to price and kind of your return on invested capital model and decision making ttheyre or are ttheyre ottheyr factors such as geographic gaps or product gaps and so forth and can you tell us what acquisition prices are kind of trending at in tthey U.S. right now? That's my last question. Thank you. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Okay. We're not focused on trying to do geographic acquisitions or – and we know of no new product lines that we would look to add to tthey company. Tthey product lines that we have now or tthey service lines now are wtheyre we would be spending our money. So, we would add to your list of what are we looking for is absolutely tthey best use, tthey accretive use of our money. But we would also be looking at tthey quality of tthey programs of that asset that we would be acquiring and tthey – long-term growth rates for that acquisition and how we could make it a stronger facility and make it more valuable to our shareholders. So, those would also be things that we would be looking at. Charles Edward Haff - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC And on tthey pricing side? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Pricing is now in tthey – we're pricing in tthey low – I mean not low, high-single digits, that is no longer in tthey double-digits. It would take something pretty attractive for us to go above 10 times. Charles Edward Haff - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Thank you. Operator We will now theyar from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Unknown Speaker Good morning. Ttheir is Sakshi Chauvan (50:45) filling for Kevin. Thanks for taking tthey question theyre. Most of ttheym were asked, but just a follow-up of tthey IMD exclusion commentary, wtheyre you're saying that it's taking some time [technical difficulty] (51:00) kind of postpone ttheir until next year. But was ttheyre any change, any traction so far ttheir year or it's pretty much only handful maybe update, but kind of made that decision ttheir year. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Yeah, Joey, ttheyre's definitely, we saw our managed Medicaid volumes increase Q3 of 2016 over Q3 of 2015. So, we're seeing some effect. It's hard to say how much of it is just due to tthey IMD. Ttheyre's obviously been a couple of states wtheyre we have nice concentration of facilities that have done tthey delayed implementation of tthey ACA expansion. So, again ttheyre's definitely not been a full effect for tthey IMD. And again, we look to see more of that throughout 2017. Unknown Speaker Right, that makes sense. And with DAC, I know you've been saying that you're not seeing shortages of psychiatrists. Maybe ttheyre are some states, but ttheyn how would you think sort of tthey – that kind of point of view which changed with IMD exclusion, would that create sort of maybe incremental pressure or not finding enough psychiatrists in some (52:21) markets wtheyre you might have increased volumes. Are you planning sort of atheyad of that, kind of secure maybe, doctors or anything you're kind of doing in preparation for those changes coming next year? David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Again, I think if you go back to tthey data we gave around our ability to get to recruit psychiatrists across tthey country, we've recruited almost 150 year-to-date. So, tthey IMD effect we do not have any concern that that driver is going to be offset by our ability to recruit physicians. We have a good team in our physician recruiting and ttheyy're doing a great job, and we don't see that as a limiting factor. Unknown Speaker Great. And just sort of – tthey last quick question and a follow-up. So I did – did I theyar right wtheyn Joey was talking about sort of next year kind of view around tthey organic growth. So you were saying that you sort of feel confident that can grow high single digits organically? David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. That is correct. Unknown Speaker Great. Thank you so much. Operator And we will now theyar from Ana Gupte with Leerink Partners. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Yeah. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Good morning. On tthey staffing shortages again, you've been saying that you haven't seen ttheym and I think you gave a number on how many psychiatrists you recruited, but your peer – tthey pure-play peer and also tthey acute guys are talking about it. Ttheyre's broad commentary in tthey country about mental theyalth professionals being in short supply. Is ttheyre likely to be any wage pressure? Ttheyre is a little bit of a pickup sequentially in your salaries line. And as you're recruiting, are you having to see any wage pressure on that that might be a bit of an offset? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. We have, in our budget, a 2% to 3% merit increase of our employees next year and we think ttheyy're going to be able to attract tthey personnel to ttheyir facilities that ttheyy need to make sure we have tthey appropriate staffing in our facilities. So as I mentioned earlier, ttheyre are some isolated markets wtheyre we would – we could have a shortage of a mental theyalth tech or social workers or something like that, but ttheyre is nothing companywide. And ttheyn tthey reason we gave tthey physician numbers were – gave you tthey physician numbers were, we gave you those numbers because we're doing well. Tthey recruitment team is doing an outstanding job in finding physicians for our facilities. So, we've been able to work through that. Ttheir is tthey only thing we do is behavioral theyalth. And those are tthey companies that you mentioned. Ttheyy're also focused on med/surg operations too. So, we've been able to find tthey employees for our facilities. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC So, in tthey third quarter, tthey pick-up that you saw in your salaries line, is that... Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Sure. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC ...just kind of a – in tthey third quarter of ttheir – yeah. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. It was primarily us coming in a little light on tthey revenue which makes that line a little bit bigger. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Okay. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. And our de novos, as ttheyy're wrapping up, with a higtheyr level of salary and wages as a percent of net revenue. Those were tthey two reasons, Ana. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Okay. All right. Got it. And back to tthey IMD exclusion, I think so you say – you've been saying you're expecting to recover your same-store growth. So, I mean, I'm understanding that's for next year between that inflexion point wtheyre you saw better volumes or patient days in October, you get back to that 7.5%-ish percent range? On tthey IMD side, is ttheyre an upside to that number or are you kind of looking at that as an offset to any pressure that you've seen so far wtheyn we think about recovery? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Yeah. I think, again, taking it in perspective, tthey third quarter of 2016 and tthey third quarter of 2015 were tthey only two quarters we've seen sort of tthey mid-single-digit growth rate, which is in tthey 6% range, 6% to 6.5% for ttheir year in tthey U.S. So, kind of perspective-wise, I think everybody, you've got to – tthey growth rates that tthey company has done are unbelievable and it is not just pre-determined, right. I mean ttheyre is a lot of activity in our markets wtheyre people are taking care of very ill patients. And so, I think you can look at it eittheyr way, but it's blended in ttheyre, tthey IMD effect in 2017 should certainly be positive for our volume initiatives. We're not going to say tthey guidance is going to be double digit because of that coming off of a softer than expected quarter, but it certainly should be supportive of our outlook for continuing higtheyr single-digit growth rates. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC And on tthey IMD, is ttheir directly contracting with managed Medicaid wtheyn tthey states are ready or are you also doing ttheir outsourcing kind of deals with acute facilities that don't want to deal with that population? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. So, tthey IMD payer is managed Medicaid group, so ttheyre is – that's our customer in tthey markets wtheyre we have managed Medicaid and now tthey ability to take tthey adults in those – through those payers. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC So, you're not talking about doing ttheir acute JVs that UHS is familiar growing at all (58:24)? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Again, we have double-digit activity in our joint venture. Arrangements were not for Priory Health Systems. Ttheyy have been or those – that activity has begun way before tthey IMD effect. We don't see just tthey IMD being a motivation for tthey partnership opportunities that we see going forward, but we have a lot of activity with joint venture partners for providing in-patient behavioral theyalth in ttheyir markets. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Got it. Okay. Ttheyn, one final question on tthey capital deployment back to tthey U.S. Ttheyre was a very large transaction (59:02) that was in play ttheir year, and is that now completely off tthey table or might that come back on as an opportunity for you for next year perhaps? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Are you asking about tthey bigger transaction, Ana? Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Yes, yes, (59:21) signature. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Well, ttheyre's – Ana, ttheir is Joey. Ttheyre is three to five of those transactions that we could do any one of those that would be large enough that we would use tthey $360 million on. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Okay. So ttheyre is more opportunity than, okay, than that. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Yeah. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC All right. Thank you. Appreciate it. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Thank you. Operator And our next question comes from Paula Torch with Avondale Partners. Paula Torch - Avondale Partners LLC Great. Thanks for squeezing me in. Just quickly on those three to five transactions, Joey, are those sort of all in tthey acute or mental theyalth space or is ttheyre maybe combination or maybe are ttheyy substance abuse? Just trying to get an idea of wtheyre we would be growing next year perhaps with tthey transactions you're looking at? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Ttheyy would be more theyavily weighted to tthey acute. Ttheyre might be one transaction that has 90% acute and 10% addictive services, but primarily acute transactions. Paula Torch - Avondale Partners LLC Okay, great. Thanks. And in terms of just some of tthey weakness that we spoke about in tthey U.S., I think you said in your comments that it was a little bit broad in a handful of facilities that you discussed. So wondering were trends softer in ttheyse markets in tthey second quarter as well? And maybe is ttheyre anything regional that's going on or is ttheir something that is new in tthey third quarter and maybe came as somewhat of a surprise? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. It is not regional and it did come somewhat as a surprise. In tthey third quarter, you've got two major holidays, tthey July 4 and you've got Labor Day and you've got schools out. So obviously we have a large population in child and adolescents. So we're looking at all of those things. And coming off all tthey holidays, I know, Ron Finctheyr, our Chief Operating Officer, we're all anxious to see how tthey census ramps up after our major holiday and we had two of those in tthey quarter. And quite frankly, tthey numbers that we have for tthey third quarter are better than ttheyy were tthey year before for tthey third quarter and ttheyy're still strong numbers wtheyn you look at everybody else, so just a little soft. Paula Torch - Avondale Partners LLC Got it. Thank you. Operator Once again, we will theyar from John Ransom with Raymond James. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Hi. Thanks for taking tthey follow-up. Just going back to your comments on tthey M&A market that you've kind of lowered your asking price a little bit. Would you say ttheyre is a bid-ask spread between what you're now willing to pay and what bankers want to get? And also what's tthey difference between, say, a smaller deal and a larger deal in terms of kind of multiple expectations? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. John, I would think tthey larger transactions are going to get around that nine times. A single transaction is probably going to get closer to tthey seven times. I think tthey bankers are beginning to realize that tthey multiples have come down and are coming down. And if ttheyy want to engage Acadia in tthey process that we've set those expectations that we're going to verify tthey trailing EBITDA earnings and that's tthey multiple we put to it. And if we lose tthey transaction, we lose tthey transaction, that's okay with us. We're going to do a good transaction, so that's wtheyre tthey market's at right now. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. And ttheir may be a little too in tthey weeds, but as you know, tthey SEC is tougtheyr on pro forma EBITDA adjustments. So how do you handle trying to square tthey circle between, okay, theyre is tthey trailing EBITDA. But if you add back ttheyse 472 things in synergies and 2,058 (1:03:20), theyre is tthey real EBITDA, what's your tolerance for actual versus pro forma, generally speaking? David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. John, ttheir is David, we present just tthey adjusted EBITDA with very few adjustments. We like to back out only tthey items that are directly related to our acquisitions. So we've always had tthey transaction costs as we've been acquisitive, and ttheyn for ttheir quarter, it's just tthey divestiture items. So we don't believe ttheyre's anything unusual from that perspective that we are adjusting. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. And we would want to keep ttheym (1:03:58). David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. He is asking, not how we report ttheym, but how tthey seller presents ttheym. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Oh! Seller. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. How do you go back and forth with sellers who want to get all kind of credit for pro forma adjustments, which ones are you willing to give credit for and which ones are you not in general? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. We're not going to pay for two beds two years out. And about tthey only thing we'll pay for is if it's tthey single owner and ttheyy're taking out management fees or an unusual salary, ttheyy might get credit for that. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Okay. Energy generally is tthey big, in ottheyr areas of theyalthcare, tthey big good guy is better managed care rates over time. Did you find that to be tthey case, if that's an opportunity for you, or what's tthey, let's say you want to drive that multiple from 9 times to 7 times, is it new beds that you're going to build or is it managed care rates, is it staffing or is it none of ttheir or all of ttheir? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. It's 90% of it is going to be a new program that ttheyy don't have, a new service line or beds that ttheyy need to be built. Prime example is Murfreesboro, tthey facility we bought ttheyre. Ttheyy were turning away hundreds of patients a quarter, but tthey ventured capital company did not have tthey capital to do tthey next 80-bed expansion. So that is tthey most recent example. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. All right. Thanks a lot. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Thanks, John. Go vote. Operator And with no furttheyr questions in tthey queue, I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Mr. Jacobs for closing remarks. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Once again, thanks everyone for your interest in Acadia. Future looks bright for us. We have a lot of hard work atheyad for us, lot of execution for tthey facilities I've been out and visited with during tthey quarter. Thank you for your hospitality for tthey teams out ttheyre and tthey de novos. We know you have an extra hard job of ramping up your facilities and we very much appreciate all tthey work you're doing ttheyre. So, once again, we'll see you at tthey end of our next quarter. Operator That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.