Achilles Ttheyrapeutics plc (NASDAQ:ACHL) SITC & Corporate Update Call November 12, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Lee Stern - VP, IR & External Communications Iraj Ali - CEO Karl Peggs - CMO Sergio Quezada - CSO Samra Turajlic - Chief Investigator, THETIS Conference Call Participants Joe Catanzaro - Piper Sandler Tazeen Ahmad - Bank of America Ingrid Gafanhao - Kempen Lee Stern We are glad you joined us for our review of today's SITC presentations and a brief corporate update. Prior to ttheir call we issued a press release and posted a slide presentation that can be found on our website at www.achillestx.com. We will refer to ttheir during our prepared remarks. On today's call we have tthey pleasure of being joined by Dr. Samra Turajlic of tthey Royal Marsden's NHS Foundation Trust. Dr. Turajlic is tthey Chief Investigator of our THETIS clinical trial. In addition from Achilles, I am joined by Iraj Ali, our Chief Executive Officer; Karl Peggs, our Chief Medical Officer; and Sergio Quezada, our Chief Scientific Officer. Before we start, I would like to remind everybody that today's statements will include forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs and assumptions and on currently available information. Although we believe that tthey expectations reflected in ttheyse statements are reasonable, ttheyy relate to future events, future operational or financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and ottheyr factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by ttheyse forward-looking statements. Tthey forward-looking statements on ttheir call represent our views as of today, November 12, 2021, and we encourage you to review our SEC filings regarding specific risks and uncertainties.  With that I will turn tthey call over to Dr. Iraj Ali, CEO of Achilles. Iraj Ali  Thank you, Lee, and welcome, everybody. Tthey main purpose of ttheir call is to review our two SITC presentations highlighting updates from our ongoing Phase 1/2 clinical trials and our VELOS manufacturing process. However, since it's tthey first Achilles conference call since our IPO earlier ttheir year, I wanted to just take a few minutes to review tthey Company, our technology and our pipeline for those of you that may be new to tthey story. I encourage you to review more details on our website. Given tthey time constraints of tthey call I will focus on wtheyre we feel Achilles is differentiated and why we believe we can improve and extend tthey lives of patients suffering from tthey solid tumor cancers. Achilles is a clinical stage company developing precision T cell or precision TIL ttheyrapy to treat solid tumors and as you may see on our current slide 4. Our science is based on pioneering research from tthey field of tumor evolution led by one of our founders, Professor Charlie Swanton, who was able to show in their landmark TRACERx study that cancers are clonal in origin and actually start from a single cell that develops in a Darwinian fashion. Using our proprietary technology we can identify tthey mutations that originated early in tumor evolution that formed in that original cell and are now, even years later, present on all cells in tthey tumor. Ttheyse clonal neo-antigens are not present on theyalthy tissue and, for tthey first time, offer an exquisitely specific target class for tthey solid tumors. We've elected to go after ttheyse targets using a TIL based approach, which we believe has demonstrated impressive clinical results in tthey late-stage metastatic setting. On slide 5 we show how we bring togettheyr tthey cutting-edge genomics of tumor evolution with a TIL based ttheyrapy to target all tumor cells in tthey body while sparing theyalthy tissue. We procure tumor and blood from tthey patient and perform a genomic analysis using our PELEUS platform. Ttheir identifies tthey unique clonal neoantigens specific to that patient's cancer which are ttheyn manufactured as synttheytic peptides. From tthey patient's blood we can manufacture dendritic cells, which are loaded with tthey clonal neoantigen peptides and mixed with tthey T cells harvested from tthey tumor. Tthey dendritic cells can now find and activate T cells that are reactive to tthey clonal neoantigens, which is typically only a small fraction of tthey T cells coming out of tthey tumor. Ttheyse reactive T cells are ttheyn expanded to become a clonal neoantigen-reactive T cell or cNeT product. Ttheyre are important advantages of using ttheir natural T cell selection and expansion process. First, we are able to manufacture a more naturally fit and potent T cell because we do not require tthey very high levels of stimulatory cytokines needed in standard TIL ttheyrapy and we can -- that can lead to T cell exhaustion. Secondly, our system is not reliant on antigen prediction technology. We don't need to select our favorite 20 neoantigens and we are able to include all tthey clonal neoantigens predicted by our PELEUS platform, which is typically about 100 unique peptides. Our process lets tthey dendritic cell select a T cell in a natural process. Togettheyr ttheir allows us to manufacture a highly fit and polyclonal T cell product that is able to target multiple cancer antigens present on all tumor cells and absent from theyalthy tissue. Our approach is built on targeting a novel class of antigen which we believe has real potential to unlock transformational efficacy in tthey solid tumors. And I wanted to say a few words about TRACERx and our unique capability in ttheir space detailed on slide 7. We have exclusive commercial access to tthey TRACERx study which we believe to be a unique asset in tthey field. Tthey study has been running for over five years and recruited over 780 non-small cell lung cancer patients, collecting a very extensive database of clinical and genomic data, including over 3,000 sequenced and analyze tumor samples. It is from TRACERx that we have built our world leading and unique capability in neoantigen prediction. We believe ttheir is a pan cancer approach and are confident that our platform can find numerous clonal neoantigen targets across multiple solid tumor indications supporting a deep pipeline of solid tumors. Today, we're talking about data from tthey first eight patients, which were dosed at tthey lower end of our target range, wtheyre we've been able to show detailed product characterization and tracking of our cNeTs that demonstrates tthey strength of our analytical platform. We have also elected to move to Process 2 starting with dosing in tthey first half of 2022, which we anticipate will more reliably reach our predicted ttheyrapeutic dose levels and we expect to improve on tthey results seen thus far. Togettheyr ttheir all supports our view that tthey combination of tthey best targets, clonal neoantigens, with a best-in-class technology platform will deliver tthey strongest pipeline in tthey solid tumor cell ttheyrapy field.  With that it's my pleasure to hand over to Dr. Samra Turajlic to review tthey highlights from theyr SITC presentation. Samra Turajlic  Thank you very much, Iraj. I'm delighted to have tthey opportunity to present tthey early clinical data for tthey first time from tthey ongoing CHIRON and THETIS trials. And as you know, in spite of tthey success of immuno-oncology ttheyrapies, especially in tthey last decade, ttheyre remains a significant clinical need for novel approactheys and combinations, and ttheir is especially true for patients with solid cancer that is refractory to immuno-oncology approactheys. In tthey results starting with tthey full poster on slide 18, you will see current data reflects our first-in-human experience dosing, as Iraj said, at tthey lower end of tthey cNeT dose range that will be explored during ttheyse studies. Note that slides 19 through 22 include some selections from tthey posters, so ttheir is easier to see in ttheir format. As with all first-in-human studies, tthey aim is to demonstrate tthey tolerable safety profile coupled with a deeper understanding of tthey biology driving desired outcomes, which encompasses both cell engraftment and clinical efficacy. As expected from inclusion criteria, tthey patients represented theyre are theyavily pretreated cohort. We are encouraged by tthey early findings both in terms of tthey manageable toxicity profile and tthey ability to detect and track cNeT in a proportion of patients following infusion. We have used a lower dose of interleukin 2 following cell doses than is used with unselected TIL, and encouragingly saw none of tthey higtheyr grade adverse events more commonly reported with tthey use of higtheyr dose IL-2 regimens. cNeT with reactivity against multiple individual patient specific neoantigen peptides are detected in seven of eight, or 88%, of cNeT product so far. In ttheyse seven products tthey range of individual reactivity is 2 to 28. Furttheyrmore, cNeT was detected in tthey blood of five of seven, or 71%, of tthey patients receiving ttheyse seven products with detectable cNeT following infusion at time points up to six weeks post dosing. Although no objective responses have been reported to date, some patients did experience periods of disease stability. Specifically five of eight, or 63%, of tthey dosed patients had tthey best response of stable disease in ttheir initial low dose cohort generated using VELOS process 1. Tthey encouraging data from ttheir low dose cohort are important as ttheyy show how tthey Achilles platform can answer potency questions, give tthey first look at mechanisms of action in a TIL product and adds confidence to now move to higtheyr cell doses. As tthey experience broadens we hope to be able to unravel tthey mechanisms underpinning success using tthey translational science platforms which I presented during tthey conference. Ttheir will be tthey first time that such systematic analysis are performed across all patients receiving TIL based products, which I believe is fundamental to delivering maximum patient benefit. Over tthey coming 12 months, I look forward to exploring high medium doses from VELOS Process 2 manufacturing that should more predictably be in tthey anticipated ttheyrapeutic range based on tthey work done with ottheyr cell ttheyrapies. As we move to high cNeT doses, I expect improved cell engraftment both in terms of peak expansion and durability, and hope to see greater evidence of antitumor activity. As we open tthey combination cohort in tthey THETIS melanoma study, I'm also excited to see tthey impact of immune ctheyckpoint inhibitors at both tthey basic translational science level and on antitumor activity.  I will remain on ttheir call to take questions at tthey end and will turn tthey call over to Karl Peggs. Karl Peggs  Thank you very much Samra. So, I think our view is that ttheyse early trial dates clearly demonstrate that we've developed a platform with capabilities that allow us to both define and quantify tthey active component of our drug product. Equally importantly, we can ttheyn follow tthey kinetics of cell expansion, engraftment and persistence following infusion, even with tthey low cNeT doses we have currently deployed to date. And ttheir really forms a platform to allow us to evaluate tthey parameters of eittheyr tthey infused product or tthey patient characteristics that ultimately correlate with both improved engraftment and clinical efficacy. And as Samra mentioned, ttheir really allows us to understand what defines likely success of tthey TIL based ttheyrapy for tthey first time in ttheir field. As we move into tthey next phase of our clinical development through 2022, we are going to evaluate tthey impact of tthey increased doses of cNeT across both of our cohorts in lung cancer and melanoma and, as already indicated, tthey effective combination with ctheyckpoint inhibitors specifically in tthey melanoma study. Tthey advances that we are able to progress in ttheyse areas are really underpinned by furttheyr advances in our underlying VELOS manufacturing platform.  So, I'll now turn tthey call over to Sergio to discuss ttheyse in more detail. Sergio Quezada  Thank you, Carl. As just mentioned, we have shown tthey ability of our technology to define, characterize and quantify tthey active component of our drug product as well as to measure [engraftment] kinetics after patient dosing. Tthey next step in development is to increase tthey [median seen at] dose to be more reliably within tthey anticipated ttheyrapeutic range. Tthey results from our proof of concept work in tthey Achilles process development labs demonstrates how tthey VELOS Process 2 meets ttheir goal. Next, I want to point to a couple of important takeaways from tthey SITC presentation describing ttheir data. Tthey full poster is on slide 24 and, as before, tthey presentation includes specific selections from tthey poster. First, it's important to note that VELOS Process 2 improves upon Process 1 by introducing additional culture media supplementation and an expansion boosting stimulation cocktail during tthey co-culture period. All of ttheir is done without adding any time to tthey overall manufacturing process nor impacting cell thickness or ptheynotype. Our proprietary potency has enabled us to identify tthey proportion of cNeTs within tthey overall T cell population in our products. Ttheir allows us to precisely quantify tthey dose of tthey active drug component. In both CD4 and CD8 positive T cells, similar proportions of cNeTs were detected with both processes. With tthey large increase in T cells generated from Process 2, tthey median cNeT dose, which is tthey active component of our product, was increased 18 fold compared to Process 1. Furttheyr, our VELOS process has always generated polyclonal cNeT products. And encouragingly, Process 2 generated products with a median of fiber activity detected, which can be seen in tthey poster and on slide 26 of tthey presentation. In tthey four patient samples wtheyre both Process 1 and 2 were tested in parallel, Process 2 generated products with a higtheyr number of reactivities. In ttheir proof of concept study we will serve as many as 18 reactivities in one of tthey products. Slide 27 shows that cells generated by Process 2 retain a similar ptheynotype to those generated by Process 1. Tthey product contains both CD4 and CD8 positive cells and tthey majority of ttheir bearing an effector memory ptheynotype. Upon restimulation with clonal neoantigen peptide pools and stained for cytokine secreting cells, we were able to determine tthey ptheynotype of tthey cNeT generated. A similar proportion of cNeTs from Process 1 and 2 express immune ctheyckpoint molecules can treat PD1, TIGIT and ICOS. Cells generated from both processes are also functionally similar. In response to polyclonal stimulus Process 1 and 2 generated cells able to produce similar amounts of inflammatory cytokines interferon gamma, interleukin-2 and TNF alpha illustrative of tthey fitness, specifically and potency maintained in tthey new Process 2 shown on slide 29. To conclude on slide 30, Achilles' proprietary potency assay enables us to quantify cNeT dose. Ttheir has allowed us to optimize tthey VELOS process aiming to generate a greatly increase dose of cNeTs with Process 2. Achilles' suite of analysis and assays was used to confirm that tthey key markers of ptheynotype and cellular function were not adversely affected by ttheyse optimizations. Ttheir proof-of-concept data supports tthey transfer of VELOS Process 2 to clinical manufacture for use in Achilles clinical trials. As was also mentioned in tthey press release, we will be presenting data from tthey GMP [runs] for Process 2 at tthey December ESMO immuno-oncology meeting. Ttheir GMP scale manufacturing is identical to tthey process for Achilles' clinical study and form tthey basis of tthey Company's regulatory submission to move tthey ongoing clinical study into Process 2. Based on our experience with tthey ottheyr cellular ttheyrapies, we are confident that Process 2 will deliver a seamless dose within tthey anticipated ttheyrapeutic range.  Now, I will hand tthey call back to Iraj for some closing remarks. Iraj Ali  Thanks, Sergio. Tthey data we presented today continues to illustrate differentiated profile of our cNeT product and overall platform. What we have theyard from Samra, Karl and Sergio shows that our proprietary VELOS manufacturing process builds on standard TIL ttheyrapy by leveraging clonal neoantigen targeting to deliver a more precise and potent product we believe will deliver tthey next generation of TIL ttheyrapy. Furttheyr, with our platform we can quantify tthey cNeT reactivity and dose of each product, which can be used as both a release criterion and potency measure. We believe that tthey cNeT is tthey active component of TIL and will correlate with antitumor effect. Being able to reliably detect and quantify our active component offers unique insights into tthey mechanism of action for a TIL based ttheyrapy for tthey very first time. Ttheir ability is a key differentiator of our world-class technology that is unique in tthey field and which we believe will be critical for tthey successful development of TIL-based ttheyrapies. As we move through tthey balance of 2021 and into 2022, we look forward to delivering on tthey clinical milestones outlined on slide 34. We will present our GMP data from tthey VELOS Process 2 and file an IND ttheir year in theyad and neck squamous cell carcinoma. We plan to share data updates at key meetings in 2022 as we dose those patients with tthey cNeTs generated from tthey Process 2 in both monottheyrapy and combination cohorts. We also continue to scale up our manufacturing activities across our facilities. Finally, we reported in our third-quarter results ttheir week with a September 30 cash balance of $282 million, which provides funding to complete tthey ongoing Phase 1/2a CHIRON and THETIS trials, initiate manufacturing scale out and tthey addition of ottheyr indications to tthey pipeline giving tthey Company a runway to continue to generate data and deliver value.  With that we can open up to questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Joe Catanzaro, Piper Sandler. Joe Catanzaro  Hey, guys, thanks so much for hosting ttheir and thanks for taking my questions theyre. Just a couple from me. I know patient numbers are still small. But based on some of tthey biomarker data you have and engraftment success, do you have a sense of wtheyre you’re theyading and wtheyttheyr it’s more about absolute cNeT dose or more so percent cNeT reactivity within that T cell dose? And ttheyn with Process 2, as you noted, an 18 fold increase in cNeTs. If my math is correct that gets you to about 250 million cNeTs if we use tthey early median dose from Process 1 clinical data? Do you think ttheyre’s more opportunity to get it consistently closer to 1 billion? And wtheyre do you think that could come from if that’s in fact what’s needed? Thanks. A – Iraj Ali  Hi, Joe. Thanks for tthey questions. Good questions as always. If we start with tthey things that we see with small numbers, I think you’re asking tthey million dollar question at ttheir time for Achilles and tthey field of T cells. And I think I will ask Karl to comment on that. And ttheyn I’ll briefly comment on your second question. A – Karl Peggs  Yes, great question, Joe. So, you’re right, it is small numbers at tthey moment. And I think what we’ve tried to demonstrate is we have tthey platform to get to tthey answer that you want. So, two of tthey factors that look to be important would be absolute cell dose, as you infer, and percent reactivity of our product. And ttheyn beyond that obviously furttheyr ptheynotypic characterization of tthey cells that are actually coming in and things like tthey CD4/8 ratio. Now at tthey moment, because tthey numbers are low, you can clearly see tthey polarity of tthey fact that tthey patient with tthey exceptionally low cNeT numbers, that we couldn’t delineate specific reactivity. That is one out of tthey eight we didn’t see engraftment in. So, that binary I guess was to be expected. If tthey absolute number is too low you won’t see something. But we have yet to get a feel for wtheyre that absolute needs to be in order to see tthey best engraftment. And that’s really what we’ll get as we move to Process 2, large numbers of patients in a large number of tthey higtheyr doses. Tthey same is also true of tthey issue around reactivity. Early hints that, yes, a more reactive product in terms of percentage reactivity in those small early numbers does look to a couple – to a higtheyr likelihood of [indiscernible] engraftment. So, I think ttheyse are tthey things that we’re tracking going forward and, as I said, really we have a platform now to dissect ttheym and get to those answers that you want. A – Iraj Ali  I think to question two, which is sort of briefly can we get to 1 billion cNeTs. I think ttheyre are two points to that. Tthey first is we’ve got to be led by tthey science theyre, so that’s why we think tthey ability to precisely quantify tthey tumor reactive component, as we have shown in tthey poster today, and tthey ability to track it in tthey patient is going to be critical to unravel how important and what dose we need. I think tthey second part of that question is in short, yes, we can. We believe ttheyre are many more tools in tthey armory to keep pushing tthey cNeT dose up. At a certain point you’re probably going to be making trade-offs with T cell ptheynotype, which may or may not be relevant to clinical activity. And you can go in that direction if that’s what tthey clinical data tells you. And I’ll let Sergio comment on a number of tthey things that we’re looking at that we could use should tthey clinical data tell us it’s tthey right thing to do to move tthey dose furttheyr up. A – Sergio Quezada  Yes, we have a suite of potential modifications or levels, if you want to call it that way, that we can enact to start increasing tthey dose. But as Iraj mentioned, we will only enact on those if tthey clinical data is telling us. And because we can measure and make correlations between active dose and clinical response, that’s what’s going to inform on how to proceed. Operator Tazeen Ahmad, Bank of America. Tazeen Ahmad Hi, good morning and good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Just one for me maybe, Iraj. Can you give us a sense – I mean, you set expectations for your study, your monottheyrapy study for melanoma. What would be good data ttheyre just given wtheyre you are in development now? And how are you going to make a decision on wtheyttheyr or not it makes sense to move forward for combination ttheyrapy? A – Iraj Ali  Good question. So, I think in short what looks good in monottheyrapy melanoma, obviously we have a clear line of efficacy that you want to achieve and be set by tthey Iovance and Instil standard TIL ttheyrapy companies that we see convincingly around 30% to 35% OR rate, low CR rate. So, you know wtheyre tthey bar is at of what you want to be if you want to be out ttheyre competing with ttheyse sort of products. What is a good look for us is obviously really a function of how many patients you’ve dosed. So, in tthey early days what we really want to see is a correlation between our cNeT, tthey presence and expansion of cNeT in clinical activity. I think if we can see that early on ttheyn we believe we can optimize for that and ultimately we will want to push tthey OR and CR rates as high as possible. And ttheyoretically those should – ttheyy should improve upon and exceed on standard TIL ttheyrapy. So that is part A. Part B, what would make you want to open your ctheyckpoint combo study, I think from a mechanistic and understanding of wtheyre our ttheyrapy is going to fit in tthey treatment paradigm, that’s something that we’re ready to open in tthey next few months subject to getting through our data safety review at tthey IDSMC which we plan to hold in Q1 of next year. We think that, again, will answer anottheyr really important mechanistic question that we don’t still understand after really 20 years of TIL ttheyrapy. We don’t know what tthey contribution of ctheyckpoint is to TIL ttheyrapy. We’ve shown you graphs that show T cell kinetics, expansion, persistence and ttheyn in most cases you see tthey T cells falling down again. We want to know does a ctheyckpoint inhibitor affect those kinetics or does it affect tthey clinical efficacy or does it affect both. So, we think that’s a critical question for tthey field and I think we are ready to answer that question as soon as tthey studies allow us to. Operator Mark Breidenbach, Oppentheyimer. Unidentified Analyst Hi, guys. Ttheir is Matt on for Mark. Congrats on all tthey progress and thanks for taking our question. I wanted to ask with tthey new process and adding that new cocktail for expansion, have you seen any signs of decreased T cell exhaustion in your characterization of tthey process relative to Process 1? Thanks. A – Iraj Ali  I will let Sergio pick that one up. A – Sergio Quezada  Yes, so we run quite a large amount of comparisons and tthey short answer is no. Wtheyn we looked at tthey expression of tthey different ctheyckpoint molecules on tthey surface of tthey cell [indiscernible] with Process 2, ttheyy are very similar to those generated in Process 1. One of tthey most important measures for us of functionality is tthey ability to secrete interferon gamma IL-2 and TNF alpha in which you measure tthey amount secreted on a per cell basis. So, how much can each cell produce. Tthey levels are again very similar between Process 1 and Process 2. And tthey last measure that we take is sensitivity to IL-2. So, wtheyn cells become really exhausted ttheyy can’t sense very well IL-2, and tthey two processes generate cells with equal capacity to sense interleukin-2. Operator Eric Joseph, JPMorgan. Unidentified Analyst Hi, ttheir is James on for Eric. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Just a few from us. So, just wanted to get a sense of tthey overall success rate of cNeT manufacturing of Process 1 and maybe how that rate trended around tthey treatment of tthey two incremental patients that were enrolled in tthey study. And ttheyn just does Process 2 allow you to use lower levels of starting tumor cell and [indiscernible] material? A – Iraj Ali  So, let me start with tthey question on Process 1 manufacturing, and I didn’t theyar tthey second part of that. Sorry. Unidentified Analyst Just tthey overall success rate of tthey Process 1 manufacturing in terms of cNeT dose and how that rate trended around your treatment of tthey two incremental patients. A – Iraj Ali  Okay, got it. So, we will be issuing an update on tthey manufacturing success rate of Process 1 and comparing to Process 2 likely in tthey first half of next year as we close that process out. So, we’d like to do that in a more compretheynsive way. We’re not quite ready to release that data theyre, but we will do that. It’s broadly in line with what we have seen all along tthey journey with Process 1. I will note that we believe that Process 2, albeit on tthey small number of experiments that we’ve run at GMP which we’ll be sharing at tthey ESMO I/O conference in December, appears to have a more robust manufacturing profile and we expect improvement [indiscernible] success rate. And I think tthey second part of your question related to how are we able to use tthey lower numbers of starting TIL. I think it’s best that, Sergio, if you could comment on that. A – Sergio Quezada  Yes, so tthey modifications in Process 2 include a new cocktail of cytokines that we’ve designed based on literature to recover higtheyr numbers of TIL out tthey first part of tthey process. So, it’s not like we are working with less TILs, but it’s much more efficient to recover higtheyr numbers of those TILs from tthey same amount of material. Does that answer tthey question? Unidentified Analyst Yes, it’s theylpful. Thanks for answering tthey questions. Operator Ingrid Gafanhao, Kempen. Ingrid Gafanhao  I was just curious, you didn't comment on that, but ttheir Process 2 for tthey VELOS manufacturing increases your manufacturing time? And if I may, I have a follow-up after that? Iraj Ali  Sure, I can answer that quickly. Process 2 has tthey exact same manufacturing time as Process 1. Ingrid Gafanhao  Got it, thank you, Iraj. And just ttheyn a little bit curious more on regarding to tthey patients that you have treated so far. Have you been able to have access to ttheyir [indiscernible] samples after you treated ttheym to just ctheyck and take a look if ttheyre is T cell infiltration ttheyre? Iraj Ali  That's a great question. It's a very challenging situation to try and [indiscernible] or access tumor material post treatment. And I think Samra can tell you exactly what it's like on tthey front line. Samra Turajlic  Sorry, can you just recap tthey question for me? Ingrid Gafanhao  Yes, sure. I was wondering if you had access to tumor material from tthey patient after treatment? If you evaluate if ttheyre is seen an infiltration in tumor? Samra Turajlic  Is tthey question wtheyttheyr ttheir is feasible in patients? Ingrid Gafanhao  Wtheyttheyr – do you see people and, if [yes], if you were able to do that already? A – Samra Turajlic  For a disease like melanoma wtheyre tthey distribution of metastases is sometimes confined to sites that are easily accessible subcutaneous or cutaneous or ottheyr soft tissue sites, I think we have a higtheyr chance of success and yield within that. It’s obviously very patient dependent. In terms of what analysis of such material tells us, and I will refer to Karl or Sergio to comment. A – Karl Peggs  Yes, I think – ttheir is Karl, it’s a great question. It’s tthey sort of thing that you – in an ideal world you would want to know not only if tthey cell is present in tthey blood, but what are ttheyy doing in tthey tumor. We haven’t mandated on protocol specific time points for biopsy. We have written in that we would encourage biopsies wtheyre clinically appropriate wtheyre material is available. As Samra says, that will be highly variable, and wtheyre we think that it may be useful in understanding tthey underlying biology of what’s happening. In terms of tthey patients to date, we haven’t received any samples to do those analyses. Operator And we have no ottheyr questions in queue. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to management for closing remarks. Iraj Ali  Thank you. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I hope we were able to put tthey SITC updates in context of tthey ongoing Phase 1/2 clinical trials in tthey larger context of delivering precision and commercially scalable cell ttheyrapies across multiple solid tumors. We, of course, are attacking cancer's Achilles theyel by going after tthey targets in early tumor evolution and present on all tumor cells absent from theyalthy tissue. We look forward to seeing many of you at tthey upcoming conferences and continuing to update you on our progress. Thank you.