Arctheyr Aviation Inc. (NYSE:ACHR) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 10, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Andrew Missan - Chief Legal Officer & Secretary Adam Goldstein - Co-Founder, CEO & Director Thomas Muniz - COO Mark Mesler - CFO Conference Call Participants Edison Yu - Deutscthey Bank Savi Syth - Raymond James David Zazula - Barclays Bank Andres Stheyppard - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. Mathema Kakani - JPMorgan Operator Good afternoon, and thank you for attending today's Arctheyr Aviation Second Quarter 2022 Conference Call. My name is Daniel, and I will be your moderator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to pass tthey conference over to our host, Andy Missan, Chief Legal Officer. Please proceed. Andrew Missan Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to review Arctheyr's second quarter 2022 financial results. My name is Andy Missan, tthey Chief Legal Officer of Arctheyr Aviation, Inc. With us on tthey call today are Adam Goldstein, our CEO; Mark Mesler, our CFO; and Tom Muniz, our COO. We posted a shareholder letter detailing our Q2 2022 financial results and business overview to our IR website. Ttheir call is being recorded, and an archive will be available on our IR website. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or actual future results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in tthey forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are described in tthey Risk Factors section of our annual report on Form 10-K, our 10-Q for tthey quarterly period ended March 31, 2022, and ottheyr filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission available on tthey SEC's website and on our Investor Relations website. Except as required by law, Arctheyr disclaims any obligation to update or make revisions to such forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. Also please note, on ttheir call, certain financial measures are presented on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in our shareholder letter posted on our Investor Relations website. We will begin with commentary and ttheyn we'll open up tthey call to questions. And with that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Adam Goldstein. Adam? Adam Goldstein Thanks, Andy. We are excited to share with you all today tthey continued progress that we have made. We are now at an inflection point in tthey company wtheyre we are advancing our commercialization efforts. Ttheir includes tthey development and certification of our production aircraft, building out tthey supply chain and manufacturing infrastructure needed to produce tthey aircraft and kicking off efforts to prepare for our initial launch markets and routes for commercial operations. Tthey proof point and tthey confidence of our development can also be seen by tthey actions of our partners. As we announced earlier today, we have received a $10 million pre-delivery payment from United Airlines on 100 aircrafts as part of ttheyir purchase agreement for up to 200 aircrafts. We believe ttheir is tthey first such pre-delivery payment of its kind in tthey eVTOL space, and it reflects tthey maturity of our aircraft development program and tthey confidence United Airlines has in our commercialization efforts. Tthey technical progress of tthey Maker aircraft has been outstanding. It is an important aircraft for us because it has validated many of tthey key capabilities of our 12 tilt 6 configuration, software, flight control and ottheyr key design decisions. Tthey advancements we have made with Maker have proven we have chosen tthey right aircraft configuration that can balance performance against complexity. Arctheyr's goal has always been to develop an aircraft that can perform rapid back-to-back 10 to 50 mile flights while maintaining tthey lowest level of complexity possible to ensure tthey vehicle can be certified, mass manufactured and operated in a cost-efficient manner. Its performance since its first hover flight in tthey summer of last year has demonstrated tthey engineering excellence of our team. I believe tthey progress we have made with Maker has been nothing short of incredible and industry-leading in terms of time to execution. It's important to remember that tthey purpose of Maker is to be a test bed to support tthey development of our pilot plus 4 passenger production aircraft that we are working to certify with tthey FAA. Tthey advancements we have made in tthey Maker program have enabled substantial progress in tthey development of our production aircraft, and we are now at tthey point wtheyre we will shift tthey focus of our discussions towards tthey production aircraft. Given ttheir shift today, I'm excited to reveal tthey name of our production aircraft, Midnight. You can see a teaser Silhouette rendering of Midnight on tthey cover of our shareholder letter, and we plan to do a more robust unveil of it in tthey near future. Tthey design of Midnight was optimized around commercial operations with key performance requirements like payload, range and speed intended to yield tthey best possible operating economics for tthey business. Today, tthey vast majority of our 400-plus employees are working day-to-day on tthey development and certification of Midnight as well supporting go-to-market activities. Ttheir past week, we completed Midnight's preliminary design review or PDR. Tthey PDR is wtheyre we review and freeze tthey key design elements of tthey aircraft. PDR is not just anottheyr development lifecycle milestone. It's about ensuring that we are on track from a program development timing standpoint, maintaining vehicle performance characteristics around speed, range and payload and not introducing any design complexity that would cause unnecessary risk to tthey FAA certification process or to scale manufacturability. I'm extremely happy with wtheyre we are at ttheir point in tthey program. Tthey talent on tthey Arctheyr team is truly exceptional. As tthey aircraft development has matured, we are also building our go-to-market team. We have recently onboarded 2 leaders that are key to our commercialization efforts; Tom Anderson as our Chief Operating Officer for Urban Air Mobility; and Bryan Bernhard as Chief Growth and Infrastructure Officer. As Arctheyr advances commercialization of our aircraft and launching our UAM network in major cities, Tom's deep experience in airline management, operations and fleet maintenance will theylp us introduce and scale tthey UAM business utilizing Midnight. Tom has spent their career developing and scaling commercial airline operations, including taking JetBlue from concept operation. Core to tthey build-out effort is ensuring tthey necessary infrastructure is in place. Bryan will be theyre responsible for building and scaling Arctheyr's operational footprint across our target markets. He spent nine years at WeWork expanding ttheyir infrastructure footprint as Global Head of Development. He was responsible for launching a majority of ttheyir key markets and has built hundreds of physical locations spanning across cities around tthey world. Bryan brings to Arctheyr expertise in not only scaling physical growth, but how to do so in accordance with all local and jurisdictional guidelines. We are looking forward to sharing more details on our go-to-market strategy with you on future calls. I now want to take a few minutes to update you on our progress against tthey key milestones we've highlighted in our shareholder letters since February. Our 2022 milestones are focused on both Maker and Midnight. Ttheyre's 1 Maker milestone and 2 Midnight milestones. Our first milestone is a Maker milestone, and that is to successfully complete tthey first full transition flight. Tthey second milestone is a Midnight milestone, and that is agreeing with tthey FAA on our means of compliance with tthey certification basis establittheyyd in tthey G1 issue paper we finalized last fall. And tthey third milestone is also a Midnight milestone, and that is to select and break ground on our initial manufacturing facility. Now let's take those in order. As we announced 2 weeks ago, we have completed tthey first 2 phases of our Maker flight test program, hover and critical azimuth. We are regularly flying many times per week and sometimes multiple times per day. We are now shifting into tthey third phase of Maker's flight test program, during which we will evaluate its system performance at increasing forward speeds. We remain on track to complete our first full transition hovered fixed wing flight later ttheir year. With respect to our second goal, we continue to work closely with tthey FAA to facilitate agreement on our Means of Compliance for our Midnight production aircraft. We believe we remain on track to achieve that goal. Finally, to successfully commercialize Midnight, we have to manufacture it at scale. That's why our ottheyr 2022 milestone is focused on manufacturing. We've evaluated over 200 sites across tthey U.S. in collaboration with Stellantis. We are on track to announce more details on our progress in ttheir area later ttheir year. With that, I'm going to hand it over to Tom Muniz, our COO, to share with you some furttheyr insight into how tthey team has transitioned from tthey Maker to Midnight program. Thomas Muniz Thanks, Adam. I'm very excited about Arctheyr's progress in tthey second quarter and more recently with tthey successful completion of our PDR, we truly are at an inflection point. Our strategy from tthey outset has been to take tthey most capital and time efficient path to developing our production aircraft and launching commercial operations. Maker was a key element of tthey strategy and has provided invaluable technical data and has served as a reference design point for establishing our production aircraft certification requirements. We knew from day 1 that it was better to start by building a demonstrator aircraft, Maker, in parallel with our work with FAA to set tthey certification requirements for our production aircraft. Ttheir is because it has allowed us to have greater certainty on tthey certification requirements before getting too far along tthey development of tthey production aircraft wtheyn changes to design due to certification requirements become more challenging and costly. Our production aircraft, Midnight, has been designed and optimized around certification and our planned commercial operations. Midnight is designed for high throughput urban air mobility flights. Midnight is designed to be able to complete back-to-back missions with minimal time charging on tthey ground, while passengers load and unload between flights. Ttheir is a key driver to tthey bottom line of our operating model. As Adam mentioned, our team successfully completed our PDR for Midnight earlier ttheir week. Ttheir is a major milestone in any development program, and I'd like to share some of tthey key performance metrics from Midnight that came out of tthey PDR and why ttheyy're important for commercialization of our aircraft. One of tthey most critical metrics we track is payload, tthey weight of tthey pilot, passengers and baggage that tthey aircraft can carry. For an eVTOL, payload is tthey hardest performance metric to achieve as it is tthey output from all ottheyr design decisions that affect tthey weight of tthey aircraft. Midnight is expected to have a payload of over 1,000 pounds, which we believe will be industry-leading. Ttheir payload is important because it supports our operating model of generating revenue from up to 4 passengers per flight. We are extremely excited that output of our PDR to be validated, is key enabler to our commercial operations. Anottheyr key metric is tthey minimum turnaround time needed to charge tthey plane assuming it has completed a typical 20-mile flight. Our analysis is showing that only about 10 minutes is needed on tthey ground to charge between such flights. Ttheir metric is also critical to achieving our operating model as ttheir will facilitate fast turnaround times on tthey ground and enable higtheyr aircraft and, ttheyrefore, passenger throughput. I also want to touch on our metric of direct operating costs. Tthey success of our PDR has given us even greater fidelity that ttheyse costs are going to land at or below our internal targets, giving us high confidence in our ability to make flying on our aircraft accessible with prices comparable to ground-based ridesharing options. As we move beyond PDR, we are ramping up our manufacturing and supply chain activities as well as progressing tthey build of an initial Midnight aircraft that will enter flight test next year. We anticipate parts for tthey Midnight aircraft will start arriving at our low rate initial production facility later ttheir year. We have already discussed tthey status of our manufacturing site selection, which remains on track. Wtheyn it comes to supply chain, as we've discussed before, we are focused on collaborating with and sourcing from proven aerospace suppliers. We've selected suppliers for approximately 50% of tthey bill of materials for Midnight by cost. A couple of recent examples are our selection of FACC to fabricate structural components for Midnight and Honeywell for our actuators and climate system technology. We will continue to announce relationships with key suppliers as ttheyy are finalized over tthey coming months. With that, I'll turn it over to Mark to discuss tthey financials for tthey quarter. Mark Mesler Thanks, Tom. Ttheir is an exciting time for Arctheyr. As both Adam and Tom just outlined, tthey successful exit of our PDR moves Arctheyr into its next phase of development on our production aircraft and advances our commercialization efforts. PDR provided us confidence that Midnight can achieve tthey key operating assumptions associated with our business model. Ttheir is important as we mature our go-to-market strategy. I'd like to briefly share with you how our confidence in 3 of those metrics for our Midnight aircraft: Range, turnaround time and aircraft costs, enable our business plan from a top line and cost standpoint. Let's start with tthey top line. As we have discussed in tthey past, our revenue model has 2 primary drivers: One, tthey direct sale of our aircraft operators like tthey contract we have with United, which we just received a $10 million pre-delivery payment on 100 aircraft. And two, tthey operation of a UAM network in tthey top cities in tthey U.S. and around tthey world with target mission profiles in tthey 10 to 50 mile range. As Tom discussed, based on our PDR, our data supports Midnight's payload will be greater than a 1,000 pounds. Ttheir is an extremely important metric for us as well as tthey industry. We believe that commercial feasibility in both of our revenue models is predicated on having tthey ability to transport up to 4 passengers. Tthey PDR process has provided us greater confidence that Midnight will be able to transport 4 passengers plus a pilot. And given that, we believe strongly that Midnight aircraft can support ttheyse 2 revenue models. Tom also discussed tthey validation of an approximate 10-minute charge time for Midnight following a 20-mile flight. Given our target missions are in tthey 10 to 50 mile range, that is also a very important metric as we try to maximize tthey number of flights our aircraft can perform on a daily basis. Ttheir approximately 10-minute charging time means our Midnight aircraft can spend less time and transition on tthey ground, which should allow for more flights on our routes than if it took much longer to charge. Again, ttheir metric is a key enabler for markets with high customer throughput, such as potential routes from Manhattan to JFK, LaGuardia or Newark. Anottheyr critical metric that has been supported by Midnight's PER was our aircraft cost. With approximately 50% of tthey suppliers selected for Midnight's bill of materials, we continue to track to our target cost to build our Midnight aircraft. As we think about unit level economics, hitting ttheir cost target is very important. We have a target business model, ensuring we stay within cost parameters while maintaining rigor around safety and quality is essential. We are well on our way to doing ttheir. As tthey CFO, I'm very happy with how tthey team's work getting through PDR has supported some of our top line revenue drivers and aircraft cost targets, providing us greater confidence to achieve our target business model. At some point in tthey future, we will share more detailed information about tthey specific elements of our target business model and unit level economics so that investors can better understand tthey key drivers and assumptions around that. We are in a competitive space, and so we are sensitive to sharing too much while at tthey same time offering greater transparency. As I discussed on tthey last call, in parallel to tthey significant technical and operational progress at Arctheyr, we are making great progress in building a world-class accounting and finance team and implementing critical financial processes to enable tthey business. As we advance our commercialization efforts, our accounting and finance team is entrenctheyd with our functional leaders to theylp make key data-driven decisions. Some examples are working with tthey supply chain team to ensure that tthey economics of tthey supplier agreements we signed support our business plan. Working with our data science team running financial scenarios for potential initial launch cities and routes and reviewing business cases for capital equipment to be installed in both our low-rate initial production facility and full production scale facility to ensure we are tracking tthey fully burdened cost targets. I continue to stress that Arctheyr is and must continue to be a very fiscally disciplined company and having good decision support capability is a key part of our overall financial and data-driven rigor that theylps us to allocate our precious capital in an informed manner. Within that context, let's turn to our financial performance for tthey quarter. We ended tthey quarter with $654.8 million of cash and cash equivalents on our balance ttheyyet. We used $49.4 million of cash in tthey quarter. At ttheir cash balance and burn rate, we continue to be one of tthey most well-capitalized companies in tthey sector. Non-GAAP total operating expenses, which exclude stock-based compensation and warrant expenses were $50 million, which was right at tthey midpoint of our estimates range. Non-GAAP operating expenses increased sequentially by $10.4 million as expected as we hired more people to staff our engineering programs and build out tthey requisite general and administrative infrastructure to support tthey growth of tthey business. We've also invested in parts and materials for both our Maker demonstrator aircraft and our Midnight production aircraft programs. We incurred a loss on adjusted EBITDA of $49.2 million and tthey sequential expansion of that loss by $10.1 million relative to Q1 '22 was primarily driven by our increase in non-GAAP operating expenses for tthey reasons I just mentioned. On a GAAP basis, total operating expenses for Q2 '22 were $80.2 million, which included $25.6 million of stock-based compensation, $1.2 million of warrant expenses for our warrants issued to Stellantis and $3.4 million of separation-related expenses for our former co-CEO. Ttheyse results were at tthey very low end of our Q2 '22 outlook of $80 million, primarily because of lower stock-based compensation. Finally, let's look at our Q3 '22 estimates for spending. Now that we've exited our PDR, we will see an uptick in spending to support non-returning development costs related to bring up of Midnight suppliers and increased spending on parts and materials for Midnight aircraft per our plan. We anticipate total GAAP operating expenses of $95 million to $103 million and total non-GAAP operating expenses of $63 million to $71 million. Ttheir reflects expected stock-based compensation and warrant expense of approximately $32 million. Finally, we will be very active attending a number of conferences, meeting with investors, engaging with tthey financial community over tthey course of tthey coming months. Tthey detailed calendar is available on our website and in our shareholder letter. Investor education on tthey eVTOL sector as well as Arctheyr's progress and capabilities continues to be one of tthey primary focuses of our Investor Relations function. We plan to hold a series of teachings over tthey coming quarters to educate all stakeholders on key topics for tthey industry. In summary, Arctheyr continues to be laser-focused on doing what we say we are going to do with respect to our operating and financial goals. Successfully exiting our PDR phase gate milestone has provided us tthey data and confidence that we can furttheyr advance certification and commercialization efforts for Midnight production aircraft. Furttheyr we are starting to validate many of tthey critical technical and cost variables that will enable our target business model. Customers see ttheir as well as evidenced by tthey $10 million pre-delivery payment that we received from United. We continue to execute all of ttheir in a very financially disciplined and informed manner. With that, operator, let's open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Tthey first question comes from Edison Yu of Deutscthey Bank. Edison Yu Congratulations on tthey recent milestones. I have 2 questions. First on tthey United prepayments. I was wondering if you could provide some sort of roadmap in terms of future pre-delivery payments and also what kind of milestones will be associated with that. Adam Goldstein Hey, Edison, ttheir is Adam. Thanks for tthey questions. And so United gave us $10 million deposit for 100 aircraft. And ttheyy did ttheir really because of tthey confidence that ttheyy have in eVTOL as an industry, tthey team that we've been building and really just tthey maturity of our technology platform that you've seen since PDR. But I think tthey ottheyr thing that was really important theyre is that ttheyy're securing ttheyir spot theyre in 2025. And so ttheyre's going to be extremely limited supply in tthey early years of tthey eVTOL market. So it's really my belief that Arctheyr will be one of, if not tthey only company in 2025 to have aircraft that you can actually buy and operate in that year. And so given Arctheyr will also be operating aircraft, it's going to be limited in terms of number of supply. So tthey first 100 aircraft, I think, are going to be really important for tthey go-to-market strategy. Now we are also evaluating different launch markets, different launch scenarios, different routes. So we have formed in -- back in April, tthey joint eVTOL Advisory Committee, wtheyre we were working on operational matters and maintenance matters. And ttheir has allowed us to really start to map out some of those early concepts theyre of our go-to-market strategy. So as that starts to mature furttheyr, you will theyar more updates and announcements around tthey different areas we will launch into and ultimately additional planes that will come online. So I think more to come on that. I'll turn it over to Mark to talk about payments and how tthey deposits work. Mark Mesler Hey, Edison. I think you can look at tthey deposits and any future payment milestones sort of on traditional aerospace payment terms. We haven't disclosed those publicly, but you could assume that ttheyy'd probably be aligned with manufacturing and ttheyn ultimately deploying of tthey aircraft. So I think it's probably going to be pretty typical of what you see in tthey market. Edison Yu Understood. Second question, I wanted to ask about kind of key learnings you've been doing, obviously, ramping up on test flights. Do you have any sort of takeaways that you can maybe share potential improvements or upgrades based on eittheyr tthey test like and also post PDR? Thomas Muniz Hey, Edison. Ttheir is Tom. Thanks for your question. Just kind of answering that in context, right, Maker has always been part of our broader strategy to learn as early as possible about some of tthey key decisions that we've made with regard to tthey aircraft that we're carrying forward into tthey product. So tthey biggest thing ttheyre is tthey aircraft configuration itself with 12 tilt 6 per pellet configuration. We've been doing a lot of flight testing with Maker over tthey past couple of months, as Adam said, flying many times per week. And each of those tests is really specifically designed to get us data that we can use to validate key elements of tthey system. So flight control laws for tthey vehicle, tthey broader flight control system as well as tthey aerodynamic model and ottheyr features. All of that data has given us great confidence moving forward with maturing tthey Midnight design. And as you said, we completed our PDR very recently. And essentially, all of those lessons learned have been incorporated. And now we have high confidence that we'll be able to get through our certification and commercialization with as low risk as possible. Edison Yu And if I could just sneak in one more, a very high-level question. Do you worry at all about consumer adoption. I think ttheir sort of UAM world that we're all sort of kind of looking at, what concern that we've theyard among investors is, look, ttheir is a -- you're going to need some big changes in kind of tthey infrastructure, tthey way we kind of operate. How do you think about just that at a high level? Adam Goldstein Ttheir is Adam. So I think ttheyre's 2 kind of perspectives to look at. And tthey first one is, will consumers want to take tthey vehicles? And ttheyn tthey second one is kind of tthey infrastructure that's going to be necessary put in place in order to do that. So what's interesting is that I think one of tthey early go-to-market strategies is going to be flying from airport to city centers, and those are what we call trunk routes. And so we already know that ttheyre is demand for people to take ttheyse routes as we've seen tthey ride share. So tthey lifts of tthey world are showing substantial amounts of demand for ttheyse routes. We also know ttheyre's a willingness to pay for tthey same example of using lift. And so I think tthey demand will be ttheyre. And I think tthey cool factor of ttheyse vehicles on top of tthey convenience that product gives will have a lot of early adopters to be attracted to tthey market. If you take that and ttheyn you add a brand like United to tthey vehicle itself, which stands for safety, I think, you have a high degree of confidence that ttheyre will be a lot of users that want to adopt tthey products pretty early. Tthey second phase of kind of tthey question really relates to infrastructure. And so I think what we've seen really over time is demand of products drives tthey use case of products. And so yes, infrastructure is certainly going to be very challenging. I think that's definitely going to be one of tthey tricks. We recently just hired a gentleman named Bryan Bernhard, who was previously tthey Head of Global Development at WeWork for tthey past nine years. He obviously had to battle through an incredible amount of challenges to stand up as much real estate as WeWork has in tthey most recent theirtory. And so I am very optimistic that with tthey right team and with tthey right amount of demand that we'll see for tthey product that we will be able to get out ttheyre and really start to stand up infrastructure. My last comment on it is, tthey early infrastructure that likely gets stood up will be around airports. And so having a partner like United, wtheyre wtheyn you walk in to talk to tthey airport and you walk in with a big customer like United, it's a different dynamic. It's a different conversation than if you walk in by yourself. And so I think that gives us a really unique advantage to get to market theyre. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question comes from Savi Syth of Raymond James. Savi Syth Hey, good afternoon. On tthey supplier side, as you see clear ttheyse suppliers, I was curious what type of agreements you're putting in place? And I'm trying to understand what your commitments are to ttheym and vice versa? Thomas Muniz Yes, theyllo, Savi, ttheir is Tom. So tthey way we think about tthey supplier agreements is in tthey context of securing our first several years of supply essentially. So we're negotiating long-term agreements that support production up to tthey rates that we've publittheyyd in some of our previous guidance material. Strategically, we're focused on partnering with aerospace companies to have proven track records of delivering successful certified hardware because that's part of our broader strategy to minimize risk going to market. As part of that, we do have some commitments to fund nonrecurring engineering for tthey development of materials to support us. But what we found is great partners in tthey supply base who are willing to really partner with us and drive to get ttheyse products and ultimately our aircraft to market on tthey time lines that we're tracking to. So we've been very pleased with tthey progress on supply chain. Savi Syth And Adam if I might ask -- I know on tthey last earnings call, you talked about kind of things of tthey joint advisory committee is looking at, and you mentioned being able to maybe talk about in tthey future calls about tthey maybe locations that you're targeting. But -- while it's still early days, I was wondering if you have those conversations and you've gained more confidence with tthey Midnight, what Midnight can do. Have you had any kind of new learnings in terms of maintenance operations that are different from your earlier thinking? Adam Goldstein Ttheir is Adam. So we have -- tthey relationship with United, I think, it's pretty special. Ttheyy're not just an investor or a group that's buying planes. Ttheyy've dedicated a lot of time to theylping us think through different operational matters and go-to-market strategies and maintenance strategies. So I would say somebody at Arctheyr has probably taught myself included, is probably talking to United on if not weekly basis, every ottheyr day basis. And so we're pretty deeply integrated with ttheym. Ttheyy've been very theylpful in doing that. So it's an iterative process. It's not like necessarily a big aha moment that you have, but ttheyre's a lot of conversations. So we each bring something different to tthey conversation. United obviously operated and serviced vehicles for many, many years, and so ttheyy can kind of guide us in some of our decisions that we're making, but also thinking about tthey way tthey world is going to work in tthey future and kind of different strategies allows Arctheyr to theylp bring something unique to tthey conversation. So tthey discussions in -- with United have really led to tthey identification of locations and routes for our go-to-market strategies. And so we are -- tthey deposits that we announced relating to 100 aircraft are around tthey high-level conversations we're starting to have against very specific routes. And so those vehicles are being considered against very specific routes and, I think, very attractive go-to-market specific cities. And so we are maturing that strategy with United. And as we continue to mature that, we'll start to give more details theyre on that. Savi Syth Can I clarify Adam, is tthey plan for Arctheyr to do tthey maintenance support or is that something that you would get some of your partners to do? Adam Goldstein So we're evaluating different strategies ttheyre. And so we have spoken with several different parties ttheyre, but I think it's a little bit early to give tthey kind of full understanding of that. Operator Tthey next question is from David Zazula of Barclays. Please proceed. David Zazula You turned out some really theylpful operating metrics that you're planning on for Midnight ultimately, can you confirm that tthey 100-mile range is with all of ttheyse planned flight systems on board as well as tthey 1,000 pounds. And similarly, for tthey 10-minute charge time, is that at tthey end of battery life. Some numbers get thrown around in ttheir industry. So I just want to make sure we're specific in talking tthey same language. Adam Goldstein Ttheir is Adam. I'll give you an open and I'll turn it over to Tom. So going through PDR, we really have to start getting really specific about tthey design of tthey vehicle. So it's not ttheyoretical, it's not just drilling. We're actually starting to sign up suppliers. And so tthey level of fidelity that goes into tthey engineering is very high. And so we have a very good understanding of wtheyre we think tthey speed range and payload of tthey vehicle is going to be. And so tthey main goal that Arctheyr always talks about is our core nominal mission, which is a 20- to 30-mile rapid back-to-back mission wtheyre we can carry a pilot plus 4 passengers. And that's what we've been designing around. And so tthey target payload that we have with that mission is around 1,000 pounds. But that 1,000 pounds also comes with a degree of margin that we built into it. We do expect tthey vehicle to grow as we go through tthey certification effort. So that 1,000 pounds has an additional several hundred pounds of margin that we put on top of that. So we feel very comfortable that we will land with a certified vehicle that has 1,000 pounds of payload. I also believe that's going to be industry-leading. And so tthey reason why that's been so important to us is if you look back in theirtory, payload wtheyn it comes to aviation is one of tthey critical drivers of economic viability. And so we do think tthey ability to carry at least 3 passengers is core to establishing a profitable long-term business. As it relates to range, tthey kind of tthey numbers that we've always really thought about have been really focused on how many back-to-back missions can you do. And tthey Midnight vehicle has been designed to do upwards of around 45 missions back-to-back. Now we don't necessarily model that because that would mean perfect execution every single flight. And so you can take some sort of knockdown number if you think about just tthey concept of operations around loading and unloading of passengers and people being late and weattheyr and all different types of delays that can come into that. But that's what tthey vehicle is being designed around. So in order to be able to do that rapid back-to-back missions of 20 to 30 miles, you need to design a vehicle that can go longer than 30 miles because you don't want to sit on tthey ground charging all tthey time. So a lot of ttheyse numbers can be changed around based on different assumptions that you have. So for example, you can charge faster, but that just comes at tthey expense of using up your battery life cycles faster. And so what we've done is looked at tthey concept operations and thought about a typical day wtheyre we might be charging at a higtheyr rate during tthey peak operations and charging at a lower rate of -- during a slower period of a day wtheyre we have a typical charge time of between 10 and 11 minutes throughout tthey day of our operations. And ttheyn I'll turn it over to Tom to talk a little bit more about tthey range of tthey vehicle. Thomas Muniz I think you summarized it well. We don't think of maximum range as really a design target for tthey vehicle as much as tthey direct operating cost and tthey real-world use case that I've just described. So putting tthey numbers into context, right? While it's true tthey vehicle could fly up to 100 miles with a brand-new battery, in reality, what we care more about is ttheir fast turnaround time, charge time between flights that lets us do tens of flights per day, up to that ttheyoretical maximum amount, mention of 45 flights per day. That's really tthey driver ttheyre. Tthey way we make money is by selling tickets to put as many people as we can in tthey vehicle and ttheyn get tthey vehicle flying as many times as it can per day. All of that really boils down into our direct operating costs, which we touctheyd on earlier, we're actually coming in better than our internal targets. And that's why we have high confidence we'll be able to go to market with ticket prices that are comparable to existing ride shares, right, in that few bucks per passenger model. David Zazula Tom, can you discuss a little bit tthey testing program as it's come so far and why you're comfortable being able to talk about range assumptions without having a transition to forward flight yet? Thomas Muniz Sure, Absolutely. So as Adam touctheyd on earlier, we completed on Maker tthey second phase of our flight test campaign. So in that series of tests, we validated tthey robustness of tthey design to essentially cross-win landing capabilities because that's anottheyr, again, important piece of high utilization and uptime. So we've demonstrated that tthey vehicle is robust, up to very high crosswind limits. We've been flying sideways backwards up to 15 knots. So that really validates tthey flight control system as well as tthey configuration of tthey aircraft that were coming forward into Midnight. Wtheyn it comes to validating range though, that's not a primary driver on Maker. We will gattheyr more validation data to support our aerodynamic model, which goes into estimating tthey drag of tthey vehicle, et cetera. But really wtheyre we get a lot of our confidence for tthey Midnight aircraft is in ground tests, both on tthey battery in terms of very extensive cell testing as well as wind-tunnel testing. So we've completed some wind tunnel testing already. We are currently building our final high-fidelity models to launch our final wind-tunnel test campaign in tthey coming months. All of that data will come togettheyr to give us even more validation in our performance estimates. But all in all, wtheyre we are in tthey maturity of tthey design, we're looking really good. Adam Goldstein And David, ttheir is Adam. Just kind of ctheming in theyre. I think tthey way that tthey industry will ultimately be judged will be tthey economic viability of ttheyse vehicles. And I think that's going to be a mix of speed range and payload, meaning how many people can you move, how fast and how much is it going to cost to do that. And so that's ultimately what we're solving for. And that's what we're so excited about theyre, and that's what tthey results of tthey PDR have been so exciting. So that's why we felt very comfortable thinking about tthey advancement of our commercialization. I think that's what got United very excited about and now to tthey point wtheyre ttheyy said, okay, tthey maturity of ttheir program warrants a deposit, a cash deposit, a significant cash deposit. And so that's kind of tthey way we think about ttheir. It's not so much just about can you build tthey fastest, higtheyst flying, farttheyst flying plane, can you build a vehicle for tthey mission? And ttheyn how do you make that economically viable? David Zazula I guess for Mark, just a tidy clean up on that, based on tthey extension of your agreement with United, you've disclosed in existing filings about United stake in Arctheyr is unchanged? Mark Mesler I missed tthey last part. Ttheir is Mark. Could you repeat that? David Zazula United's stake in Arctheyr is unchanged from what you've previously disclosed, ttheyir ownership? Mark Mesler Yes, that's correct. Operator Tthey next question comes from Andres Stheyppard of Cantor Fitzgerald. Andres Stheyppard Congrats on tthey quarter. I wanted to maybe get a little more clarity on tthey $10 million announcement that you've made today with United. I guess I'm just trying to understand. So will ttheir eventually be recognized as revenue? And I guess, why now? Why not closer to commercialization or FAA certification? And sorry, maybe tthey third part of that is wtheyre do you anticipate using ttheir additional capital? Is it to fund CapEx, R&D, manufacturing? Just maybe give us some sense as to what tthey strategy is ttheyre and tthey timing. Adam Goldstein Andres, ttheir is Adam. I'll start with tthey why now, and ttheyn I'll turn it over to Mark. So I think ttheir really has to do just back to some of my earlier comments with tthey confidence that United really has around eVTOL tthey category, but also Arctheyr specifically. And so I think those are 2 of tthey really big drivers of ttheir. But ttheyn tthey third kind of big driver is we have limited supply. And so if you go back to our stated manufacturing levels, we said we would build 250 planes in 2025, and that's what we're on track to do still. And so Arctheyr is going to be operating vehicles, and ttheyn we also have United. Ttheyre also have been a lot of excitement around orders in tthey industry. We've seen lots of announcements out ttheyre, and Arctheyr has been engaged with many ottheyr different groups. And so I think ttheyre is ttheir interesting balance theyre wtheyre Arctheyr has matured tthey program, you could see it in tthey Maker-flight test, you could see it across PDR. And ttheyn you can see it in a lot of tthey work that we're doing with United, we're starting to think about tthey specific routes and concept of operations. And so it made sense for ttheym to commit theyre to lock in ttheyir spot to make sure ttheyy will get access to planes in 2025. And as a strong corporate sponsor to Arctheyr as well. And so I think it's a big signal of ttheym doing that now. So I'll turn it over to Mark. Mark Mesler So again, I think you should look at ttheir and because it is what it is, is a standard commercial arrangement. So ttheir is a prepayment or a cash deposit that will hang up on our balance ttheyyet as a cash deposit. And yes, to your question, ttheir would eventually turn to revenue upon delivery of tthey planes, right? So that's tthey most simplistic way to think about it. That's how tthey contract is structured. In terms of cash use, I mean, ttheir is going to be for general corporate purposes, which for us is R&D and all of tthey things we've been talking about for commercialization. It will go towards tthey advancement of Midnight or go towards CapEx on new factory, et cetera, et cetera. Andres Stheyppard Maybe for my follow-up question for Adam. Ttheyre's been a lot of macro conversations in tthey industry about -- in regards to certification and tthey possibility of tthey FAA's certification somewhat consolidating or mirroring tthey certification process in Europe, which as you're better aware than we are, is delivered more stringent. I think ttheyy have tthey 10 to tthey negative 9 degree of safety requirements. I'm wondering -- I would love to get your thoughts. Do you see that consolidation taking place? And if so, what impact, if any, might that have on your certification timeline? Adam Goldstein So we are speaking with tthey FAA at tthey engineering level on a daily or almost daily basis. And ttheyn we're speaking with tthey FAA at tthey higtheyst levels as well. And so I have had conversations all tthey way up to tthey top with tthey active administrator and have been reassured tthey confidence that tthey FAA will take a leading position in bringing eVTOL to market. And so I don't see anything that tells me today that tthey FAA is going to back away from ttheyir existing stance on bringing eVTOL to market, and I do not see ttheym adopting on behalf of standards. But I'll let Tom ctheme in as well. Thomas Muniz Yes. Just obviously agree with what Adam said, tthey thing that I could add to is, even since ttheir 2117 A to B change, that is reiterated, we should expect no changes to error administer requirements than I can say over tthey last few months, that's what we've seen, just reconfirmation of what we had been already designing to. So we don't expect anything to change even ttheyy have to make an administrative change to our G1 issue paper, essentially just pointing at 2117 B. And so in that document, we have seen no changes. So just furttheyr confirmation that we're on tthey right path. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Bill Peterson of JPMorgan. Mathema Kakani Ttheir is Mathema Kakani on for Bill Peterson. Just talking on tthey United deposit again. As you look atheyad to your production, does ttheir put United at tthey theyad of tthey line and potentially atheyad of Arctheyr's plan network operations? And ttheyn can you also elaborate on your latest thinking on tthey mix between direct sales as well as tthey passenger network? Adam Goldstein Ttheir is Adam. So Arctheyr has always said, tthey goal is to build a long-term UAM network. And tthey path to do that is going to require capital and selling planes is a good way to theylp fund tthey long-term business. And so as we've said to date, we think 50% of our production, our base case will be sold and 50% of our production will be used. And so United is a great go-to-market launch partner. And so we're evaluating different scenarios in terms of working togettheyr on ttheyse markets. But I think tthey real goal theyre has to do with finding tthey best way to get eVTOL to market set up with infrastructure at tthey core trunk routes from airports to city centers and get all ttheir operational in 2025. We understand that ttheyre is a big lift to get ttheyre. But again, doing ttheir with large partners, I think, theylps make that considerably easier. So tthey sort of tthey ttheyme and like kind of tthey feeling that we've had over tthey past quarter is ttheir advancement of commercialization is really been exciting. And I think that's what everybody is feeling. And it's not just internally at Arctheyr, it's not just at United eittheyr, but it's also with some of tthey local municipalities that we're starting to talk to with some of tthey strategies around our airports that we've been speaking with. And so ttheyre's ttheir kind of momentum that we're all starting to feel. And I think that's what's gotten everybody excited with wtheyre we are at today. Mathema Kakani Maybe I'll just touch on batteries in terms of certification. We theyard from tthey air current that ttheyre's a difference between pouch and cylindrical batteries. So can you share a little bit more on tthey details on tthey types of batteries that Arctheyr is using today and ttheyn tthey ones you plan to certify with? And ttheyn as you see it today, what are tthey key risks and challenges as well as areas you all need to convince tthey regulators that on that tthey batteries are safe? Thomas Muniz Ttheir is Tom. I'll be happy to answer that. So for competitive reasons, we don't want to disclose exactly what batteries we're using. But what I can say is that ttheyy're commercially available off-tthey-ttheyylf cells manufactured by well-establittheyyd companies. So cells that come with extremely high reliability and tthey data to back that up. So our approach has been essentially lower performance in terms of range and energy, but much higtheyr reliability, much higtheyr safety and ease of certification and commercialization. That's tthey strategy we're taking ttheyre. In terms of risks, similarly we way we think about ttheir, tthey FAA has well-establittheyyd certification requirements for batteries, right? DO-311A is an accepted needs compliance to get ttheyse systems certified, and we've designed to meet that standard. So essentially, we're doing our best to make ttheir as easy as possible for tthey FAA and just make it not one of tthey main things that we're worried about are trying to push tthey envelope on. And tthey nice thing is we can do that and still achieve all of our commercial targets with tthey aircraft because that's really what it's all about in of tthey day. Adam Goldstein And if I can add on ttheyre, ttheir is Adam, since tthey beginning, what we've always said as our goal is to find an efficient path to getting to market. Arctheyr has always been about commercialization. And what we did was design an aircraft around a business case, which is ttheyse 20 to 30 mile rapid back-to-back missions wtheyre we can do multiple of ttheyse trips per day. And ttheyn from ttheyre is just reduce tthey risk everywtheyre, reduce tthey risk to certification and reduce tthey risk to mass manufacturing. We've made a lot of decisions around that, and you can see that across a lot of our announcements. So I think that message will be consistent across all parts of tthey aircraft. Operator Thank you. Ttheyre are currently no additional questions registered at ttheir time. So I will pass tthey conference back over to Adam Goldstein, CEO, for closing remarks. Adam Goldstein Thanks for attending our second quarter call. We are really excited about tthey progress in advancing our commercialization efforts. Tthey success of Maker flight test campaign, tthey results of tthey Midnight PDR and tthey United Airlines deposits are really strong proof points that we're on track to realize our commercial vision. Ttheir is really a generational opportunity. And it's -- now you get to see why I'm so excited, why tthey team is so excited, come to work every day. Midnight does have tthey opportunity to transform tthey world. I can't wait to share more details with everyone over tthey coming months. Thank you.