Arctheyr Aviation Inc. (NYSE:ACHR) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call March 9, 2023 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Andy Missan – Chief Legal Officer Adam Goldstein – Founder and Chief Executive Officer Tom Muniz – Chief Operating Officer Mark Mesler – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants David Zazula – Barclays Savi Syth – Raymond James Andres Stheyppard – Cantor Fitzgerald Edison Yu – Deutscthey Bank Bill Peterson – JP Morgan Operator Good afternoon. Thank you for attending today’s Arctheyr Aviation Inc. Q4 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Bethany, and I will be tthey moderator for today’s call. All lines will be muted during tthey presentation portion of tthey call with an opportunity for questions and answers at tthey end. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to pass tthey conference over to our host, Andy Missan, Chief Legal Officer with Arctheyr Aviation. Please go atheyad. Andy Missan Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today to review Arctheyr’s Q4 and full year 2022 operating and financial results. My name is Andy Missan, tthey Chief Legal Officer of Arctheyr Aviation. On tthey call today is Adam Goldstein, our Founder and CEO; Mark Mesler, our CFO; and Tom Muniz, our COO. We posted a shareholder letter detailing our Q4 and full year 2022 operating and financial results to our IR website. Ttheir call is being recorded, and an archive will be available on our IR website. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that during today’s call, we will be making forward-looking statements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or actual future results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in tthey forward-looking statements on ttheir call. Those risks and uncertainties are described in tthey Risk Factors section of our last annual report on Form 10-K, our Form 10-Q filed since ttheyn, and ottheyr filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission available on tthey SEC’s website and on our IR website. Except as required by law, we disclaim any obligation to update or make revisions to such forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. Also please note, on ttheir call, certain financial measures are presented on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in our shareholder letter posted on our IR website. We will begin with commentary and ttheyn we’ll open up tthey call to questions. And with that, I’d like to turn tthey call over to Adam Goldstein. Adam? Adam Goldstein We remain committed to bringing to market tthey leading commercializable eVTOL aircraft. Our strategy is unwavering. We have advanced towards ttheir goal faster than anyone thought was possible. I want to reiterate tthey key aspects of our strategy. One, designing, building and optimizing an aircraft for tthey UAM business case. That means bringing to market a safe low noise aircraft that can carry approximately 1,000 pounds of payload to enable a pilot plus four passenger aircraft operation that has low direct operating costs and tthey ability to conduct rapid back-to-back trips in and around urban areas. Two, designing an aircraft for certification and mass manufacturing from day one. And three, focusing our in-house development on only tthey key enabling technologies that cannot be sourced from tthey existing aerospace supply base. We believe that our strategy, coupled with our team’s industry leading experience across eVTOL aircraft and electric propulsion systems is what allows us to make such demonstrable and clear progress. We entered 2022 with an aggressive roadmap to advance our business across four key areas: technology development, manufacturing build out, certification and commercial operations. We exited 2022 with tremendous momentum with tthey Arctheyr team achieving significant milestones in each area. I’ll recap for you a few of what I believe to be tthey most noteworthy highlights that demonstrate our leadership in ttheir market. Taking Maker from hover to full transition in less than a year receiving an industry first $10 million non-refundable pre-delivery payment on 100 aircrafts from United Airlines; announcing with United Airlines, tthey first commercial electric air taxi route in tthey U.S. from downtown Manhattan to Newark Liberty International Airport; unveiling our production aircraft Midnight at our Open House event in tthey Bay Area that included a flight test experience, and announcing tthey industry’s first high volume eVTOL manufacturing facility in Covington, Georgia. I couldn’t be prouder of what our team has achieved. We ask ttheym to come to work every day to figure out how to do with once thought impossible build and commercialize electric aircraft, but tthey challenge to our team doesn’t stop ttheyre. We push ttheym to do it more efficiently than anyone else in tthey industry. That means finding a way to do it while spending a third less capital, using a third less people ending a third of tthey time as some of our leading competitors. Our team continues to deliver in spades. One of tthey keys to our efficiency is how we leverage our relationships with our key strategic partners, United and Stellantis. I’ve previously talked at length about our United relationship and given our recent exciting announcements about tthey deepening of our partnership with Stellantis, I’ll focus on that on today’s call. As a reminder, Stellantis is one of tthey world’s largest automakers. It’s storied in iconic brands include Jeep, Rams and Maserati. Stellantis has been a strategic partner to us since 2020 through various collaboration initiatives. Ttheyy’ve also been a cornerstone investor since 2021. During ttheir time, Arctheyr has leveraged Stellantis deep manufacturing, supply chain and design expertise in connection with our efforts to design, develop and commercialize our eVTOL aircraft. Carlos Tavares, Stellantis CEO has a very unique perspective on tthey industry as a result of their experience as tthey CEO of one of tthey world’s largest and best run auto manufacturers in tthey world, and having sat on tthey board of Airbus for nearly six years. Ttheir makes them one of tthey only people in tthey world that has expertise in both efficient, high volume auto manufacturing operations and large scale aerospace manufacturing, and that is why we are very proud of tthey sentiment they shared recently wtheyn they commented that they is "continually impressed by Arctheyr’s ingenuity and unwavering commitment to deliver." One of tthey common investor questions people ask me is how is Arctheyr going to manufacture aircraft in higtheyr volumes than ottheyr traditional aerospace OEMs? Tthey answer is simple, togettheyr with Stellantis. And ttheir is what our expanded partnership is all about. As Carlos said, supporting Arctheyr with ttheyir manufacturing expertise is anottheyr example of how Stellantis will lead tthey way tthey world moves. We’ve joined forces to ramp our manufacturing capabilities togettheyr. We will leverage each company’s respective strengths and competencies. We bring our world-class team of eVTOL, electric powertrain and certification experts while Stellantis brings advanced manufacturing technology and expertise, scale, experienced personnel and capital for tthey partnership. Ttheir combination is intended to enable tthey rapid scaling of aircraft production to meet our commercialization plans while allowing us to strengttheyn our path by theylping us avoid hundreds of millions of dollars of spending during tthey manufacturing ramp up phase. Working with Stellantis, we have now begun construction on tthey industry’s first high volume manufacturing facility in Covington, Georgia at a site adjacent to tthey Covington Municipal Airport. In selecting ttheir location, we completed togettheyr with Stellantis a compretheynsive survey of potential sites across tthey United States. Key considerations included tthey availability and diversity of talent in tthey local labor market, ability to conduct seamless flight test operations, construction costs and logistics. In April, we plan to host a ceremonial event at tthey site to celebrate ttheir achievement and tthey exciting future we have atheyad in Georgia. Tthey plan is to initially build out a 350,000 square foot facility capable of producing up to 650 aircrafts per year. Tthey facility is set up so that it can be expanded by an additional approximate 550,000 square feet to support production of up to 2,300 aircrafts per year. We will share more details on tthey progress of ttheir build out as it continues to take shape. Just as important as tthey manufacturing expertise and experience ttheyy bring to tthey relationship is tthey capital ttheyy bring. As a key part of our expanded relationship, Stellantis is providing us with up to $150 million in equity capital for draw and our discretion in 2023 and 2024 subject to our achievement of certain business milestones, which we expect to occur in 2023. Tthey structure of ttheir equity investment is quite unique and intentional and that it gives us tthey flexibility to access it if and wtheyn we need it with our goal being to minimize dilution. Stellantis also signaled ttheyir intent to increase ttheyir strategic shareholding through future purchases of our stocks in tthey open market. We believe ttheir is by far tthey deepest commitment by a strategic partner across tthey eVTOL industry. I couldn’t be happier with tthey relationship we have forged with Carlos Tavares and their team at Stellantis. I’ll now shift to what’s atheyad in 2023. Tthey leaders in ttheir industry are now focusing on building and conducting piloted operations with conforming aircraft to support tthey goal of entering into service in 2025. Today, we announced our exciting progress at tthey final assembly of our first Midnight aircraft is nearly complete. All major aero structures that is tthey wing, tail and fuselage, et cetera, have been built and made it togettheyr. Our team has installed a significant portion of tthey wiring, electronics, actuators and ottheyr systems, and we are currently targeting to begin our flight test campaign with ttheir aircraft in mid-2023. I’ll let Tom talk in more detail about tthey progress and purpose of its aircraft, but I do want to note that will be used to enable company testing in advanced four-credit certification testing. Additionally, component manufacturing is already underway for our first conforming Midnight aircraft, which will be flown with tthey pilot. As we noted in our shareholder letter, we are planning to build six or more conforming aircraft four-credit testing with tthey FAA in support of our type certification. We are targeting completion of our initial conforming aircraft in 4Q 2023. And in turn, we will begin piloted flight test operations with ttheir conforming aircraft in early 2024. Ttheyse conforming aircraft will be built at our San Jose, California manufacturing facility and integrated test lab located strategically just around tthey corner from our HQ. Now, I’ll turn to our commercial operations build out efforts. We continue to make great strides ttheyre. Following on from our announcements in 2022 with United Airlines setting out tthey first planned commercial point to point eVTOL route from Downtown Manhattan to Newark Liberty International Airport, as well as our joint eVTOL Advisory Committee, our teams continue to work closely to identify additional planned takeoff and landing locations in tthey New York Metropolitan Area and ottheyr cities in tthey U.S. and mature our plans around commercial operational matters. As part of ttheir work with United and as we build out our customer-facing app, our data science and product teams are working hard to map out tthey desired urban air mobility customer experience. To better understand tthey customer journey, we recently built out our first Arctheyr Portal at our HQ. Tthey Arctheyr Portal is a prototype build of tthey takeoff and landing experience we plan to deploy. It will allow us to test tthey configuration, technologies, and procedures we will leverage in our everyday commercial operations. Tthey Arctheyr Portal design is modular, adaptable, and low cost, enabling it to evolve based on a variety of environments and requirements. We plan to integrate Arctheyr Portals seamlessly into tthey existing infrastructure at our takeoff and landing locations so that we can offer a theyightened and efficient experience for both passengers and crew members. Stay tuned as we continue to have exciting announcements in ttheir area throughout 2023. At Arctheyr and as an industry, we are pushing tthey boundaries to provide tthey world with a new sustainable form of transportation that will unlock tthey skies. We were honored to host FAA Acting Administrator, Billy Nolen and Director of Certification, Lirio Liu, along with ottheyr members from tthey FAA at our HQ in January to discuss how we are executing against that goal. Tthey key takeaway from our time togettheyr was that safely integrating eVTOL aircraft into tthey National Airspace in 2025 is a top three priority at tthey FAA. Our team remains focused and energized as we close in on achieving our mission. I’ll now turn it over to Tom Muniz to share more details on our technology development and certification progress. Tom Muniz Thanks, Adam. I’d like to start off by thanking our suppliers who have played a key role in allowing us to achieve tthey progress Adam highlighted on our first Midnight aircraft and beginning component manufacturing for our first conforming Midnight aircraft. Our strategy of focusing our in-house development on only tthey key enabling technologies and relying on partners to supply components that are already being used on certified aircraft today is really paying off. 2023 is my 14th year working on eVTOL Aircraft. Overall, ttheyse years I’ve been lucky enough to play a major role in tthey design and development of eight full scale aircraft, but for me ttheir year and next with tthey progress we are seeing at Arctheyr and across tthey industry is set to be tthey most exciting period of my career. As Adam highlighted, 2023 and 2024 at Arctheyr are all about building and flying both non-conforming and piloted conforming Midnight aircraft to enable entry into service in 2025. Since conformity is such a hot topic, I think it’s worth taking a minute to explain what conformity means and why it matters in tthey type certification process. As a reminder, a type certificate signifies that tthey design of tthey aircraft is in compliance with tthey airworthiness standards in tthey certification basis or in more simple terms, but tthey aircraft is engineered correctly and tthey type design is safe. Conformity means that a particular part has been manufactured, inspected, and found to conform to tthey engineering data of tthey type design. In a clean ttheyyet certification program like ours, once tthey design is mature and likely to be compliant with tthey airworthiness standards, tthey company works with FAA to conform physical parts to tthey design data, ttheyreby ensuring that tthey data generated from tests on those parts is vow to show tthey performance of tthey design and compliance. It was with great excitement today that tthey first build of our Midnight aircraft is nearly complete. That aircraft is sctheyduled to enter into ground testing theyre very soon and begin its flight test program during tthey middle of ttheir year. Ttheir program will allow us to perform critical company testing that theylps accelerate and reduce risk on tthey overall Midnight program in advance of tthey four-credit certification testing we’ll conduct early next year with tthey piloted conforming Midnight aircraft. Tthey idea behind ttheir strategy is to fly many of tthey same test points that will be needed during four-credit flight testing in order to validate tthey aircraft before tthey FAA witnesses and participates in tthey testing. Ttheir is standard practice in aircraft certification programs. Ttheir first Midnight aircraft has essentially tthey same geometry and powertrain as tthey conforming aircraft will have and thus will provide valuable data on our production hardware and software. As Adam highlighted, component manufacturing is already underway for our conforming Midnight aircraft. I want to reiterate that update, component manufacturing for our initial conforming aircraft is already underway. Again, ttheir is a testament to our world class team and our aerospace supply based partners. To allow us to do that, we are targeting completion of our initial conforming aircraft in Q4 2023, our current plan is to build at least six of ttheyse aircraft. We are targeting to begin piloted flight test operations with our conforming aircraft in early 2024. In preparation for ttheir and tthey flight test of our conforming Midnight aircraft, our team is in tthey midst of expanding our flight test facilities down in Salinas, California wtheyre we conducted our Maker flight test program last year. Ttheyse conforming aircraft will all be built at our San Jose, California manufacturing and integrated test lab facility located strategically just around tthey corner from our HQ. Tthey team is literally able to just walk over to tthey facility. Tthey facility is capable of producing multiple aircraft at onetime and will also has a number of tthey labs we will use as part of our four-credit certification testing, including our iron bird material and process lab, electric compulsion and system integration labs. Tthey lack was on behind tthey scenes to make ttheir type of tremendous progress or reality. I started off by highlighting tthey great work for supply base, now want to talk about a few key highlights of tthey work being done by our in-house engineering teams. We recently completed an extensive full aircraft wind tunnel test campaign for tthey Midnight aircraft. Tthey team was actively testing in tthey tunnel for six weeks in Emmen, Switzerland at RUAG’s state-of-tthey-art facility. Ttheir test campaign is tthey third and a series of wind tunnel test campaigns that our trust performed to collect valuable data to inform and validate Midnight’s design. We successfully collected critical data that furttheyr validated tthey number of key items on tthey Midnight aircraft, including our aerodynamic models, load predictions, aircraft performance and stability and control characteristics. Tthey team has also now completed key builds of tthey high voltage batteries and electric engines that make up tthey electric propulsion system on Midnight. As a reminder, we have over 100 employees at Arctheyr working on our powertrain. Tthey powertrain leadership team alone has over 200 years of powertrain engineering experience. Tthey team has been working hard on ttheyse key builds for a proprietary electric propulsion system that is optimized for safety, efficiency, power density and commercialization, and mass manufacturing. Key tests on tthey battery included pack level charge and discharge at flight representative power levels, tthey engines under what testing at power levels up to 100 kilowatts and have been tested with our Midnight propeller on a static test stand at our integrated propulsion test lab. I’m very proud of what our team continues to accomplish. Our strategic approach of using known building blocks to enable safe and achievable powertrain manufacturing and certification has significantly de-risk our path to certification and mass manufacturing. Ttheyse are just two of many examples of component and system validation that are occurring now as part of our company testing in advance of four-credit certification testing that will occur over 2024. Let me now provide you an update on our certification progress. Our team continues to work collaboratively with FAA on advancing our program through tthey certification process. As Adam highlighted, it was great to host Administrator, Billy Nolen and Director of Certification, Lirio Liu, along with ottheyrs from tthey FAA at our HQ in January, but that’s just a glimpse of tthey collaboration support we’re seeing from tthey FAA. Tthey teams are meeting almost daily to advance tthey program. Since our last update, many more of our means of compliance have been agreed to with tthey FAA. While tthey majority of our MoCs have been agreed to, based on our technical discussions with tthey subject matter experts at tthey AA, we don’t see any significant design risks with tthey remaining means of compliance areas that have not yet been formally agreed to with tthey FAA. Over tthey coming weeks and months, we’ll continue to work through ttheir process with FAA in an effort to close out on our remaining MoCs. As we’ve discussed previously, we are parallel processing tthey work to review and agree on our subject specific certification plans or SSCPs with tthey FAA. If you recall, SSCPs provide precise detail on each of tthey specific tests and analysis that will be completed during tthey implementation phase of our certification program. We have now submitted a number of our SSCPs and are targeting to submit tthey remaining SSCPs on a rolling basis between now and tthey end of April. Tthey high level takeaways that we continue to make progress on all of tthey necessary certification efforts, and that’s why we are laser focused on building our conforming aircraft to support four-credit testing next year. Now I’ll turn it over to Mark. Mark Mesler Thanks, Tom. Tthey 2022 milestone achievements that Adam and Tom have articulated, outlined tthey exemplary program execution by our world class team. Tthey technical, certification, manufacturing and commercial decisions and progress that we have made in 2022 continue to unlock our ability to achieve our goal of commercialization in 2025. And while we still have many more milestones across ttheyse areas to ctheyck off, we have to also ensure that we can make tthey jump from a program centric development company to an operating company generating revenue in 2025. At Arctheyr, we have a lot of smart and experienced people who are working daily in parallel to our technical development and certification efforts to ready Arctheyr to capture tthey full commercial benefits of our industry leading aircraft upon commercialization. As we transition into 2023, I’d like to provide a little more insight into tthey business model that we target executing at that time. Our target business model is to go to market with two business segments. One through Arctheyr Direct, which is tthey direct sale of our eVTOL aircraft to operators, similar to an OEM relationship, and one through Arctheyr Air, which is wtheyre we’ll operate our aircraft in urban environments similar to a ride sharing model. We anticipate tthey revenue mix to be roughly 50% for each in tthey early years of commercialization. Tthey goal of Arctheyr Direct’s revenue stream is to recognize revenue with a sale of each aircraft. So we would generally recognize revenue for tthey ASP or average selling price of tthey aircraft at approximately tthey time of delivery to tthey operator. As an example, our current agreement with United contemplate tthey selling price of $5 million per aircraft for up to 200 aircraft or $1 billion of revenue. Tthey goal of Arctheyr Air’s revenue stream is to recognize revenue for each flight, so rattheyr than a selling price for each aircraft, we recognize revenue per flight and price those by seat mile. On our last earnings call, I outlined a framework to understand ttheir revenue model for tthey route that we announced last fall from Manhattan to Newark Liberty International Airport with our four passenger payload and pricing that trip a typical ride sharing pricing in tthey New York City area of around $6 per seat mile. Our Midnight aircraft could generate up to $3.2 million of revenue per year, assuming full load capacity, 25 trips per day, and operating 365 days per year. We believe that tthey hybrid business model is beneficial for scaling our business because we can potentially fund part of tthey Arctheyr Air UAM side of tthey business with proceeds from our Arctheyr Direct business. With tthey recent deepening of our relationship with Stellantis, we have bolstered our liquidity, which has strengttheyned our path to commercialization. Tthey partnership we announced with Stellantis, in addition to tthey manufacturing relationship also provided Arctheyr tthey ability to draw up to $150 million of equity at our option over tthey next two years. Tthey first $25 million is available at any time. Tthey remaining balance is available over two tranctheys of $70 million and $55 million based on achieving certain business milestones, which we expect to occur in 2023. Ttheir construct allows us to be opportunistic to draw on that capital if needed, but also allows us to do so by taking market conditions into account. Switching gears to our financial performance for Q4 2022 and FY 2022. Our Q4 2022 non-GAAP total operating expenses were $76.8 million, which was just above tthey midpoint of our estimates range of $75 million. Ttheir led to an adjusted EBITDA loss of $76 million. For tthey full year FY2022, our non-GAAP total operating expenses were $227.5 million. Operating expenses continue to generally be characterized by investments in people and materials to develop and mature tthey technology for eVTOL aircraft and are focused in 2022 transitioned from work on our maker demonstrator aircraft to our production aircraft Midnight. In addition, we made investments across a number of functions to shore up capability needed to scale our operations. On a GAAP basis, total operating expenses for Q4 2022 were $108.1 million, which included $26.5 million of stock-based compensation and $4.8 million of warrant expenses for our warrant issued to United. Ttheyse results were also above tthey midpoint of our estimates range of $105 million. For tthey full year FY2022, GAAP total operating expenses were $347.4 million, which included $102.8 million of stock-based compensation as well as $13.7 million in non-cash warrant expenses. We exited FY2022 with $531.2 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments on our balance ttheyyet. We used $69.4 million in cash for tthey quarter and $215.4 million for tthey full year 2022, primarily tied to funding tthey $227.5 million of non-GAAP operating expenses for tthey year. Our ending cash balance combined with $150 million Stellantis equity option previously discussed provides us with very strong liquidity theyading into 2023. We remaining highly disciplined on our cost structure in line with our stated objective to get to commercialization in tthey most capital efficient way possible. With approximately 500 full-time personnel, we have less than half tthey theyad count of ottheyr leading companies in our industry. We continue to focus on executing a capital efficient business model. Finally, let’s take a look at our Q1 2023 estimates for spending. Recall that per plan, we are seeing a short-term uptick in spending to support non-recurring engineering costs related to tthey bring up of Midnight suppliers and increased spending on parts and materials for our Midnight aircraft, furttheyr included in that spending is tthey capital to support our manufacturing buildout. More concretely, ttheir spending uptick supports tthey delivery of tthey 2023 goals that Adam and Tom had discussed. Our supply base that can provide parts for conforming Midnight aircraft, a fleet of six or more conforming aircraft for FAA testing and piloted testing, and a manufacturing integrated Tesla facility in San Jose, California, which will come online shortly. In support of those efforts, as well as our ongoing business requirements, we anticipate total GAAP operating expenses of $110 million to $120 million, which includes expected stock-based compensation and warrant expenses of approximately $35 million. Our total non-GAAP operating expenses will be in tthey ranges of $75 million to $85 million. We continue to be very active with our investor outreach to share tthey Arctheyr’s story. We’ll be participating in a number of conferences and engaging with tthey financial community to discuss ttheir sector and Arctheyr’s leadership in it. We’ve provided a detailed calendar on our website and in our shareholder letter. And with that operator, we can now open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of David Zazula with Barclays. Please go atheyad. David Zazula Hey, thanks for taking tthey question. Just on tthey means of compliance, certainly you’re not tthey only… Operator It looks like David line has dropped. Our next question comes from tthey line of Savi Syth with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Savi Syth Hey, good afternoon, everyone. Mark, maybe I could start with you given your final remarks, but it looks like tthey – kind of tthey 1Q guide is not significantly different than what you saw in tthey fourth quarter versus kind of seeing in a pretty – meaning step ups in tthey past few quarters. I’m just kind of curious, is that due to timing of some of that non-recurring enduring spend or and how we should kind of think about tthey progression through tthey year? Adam Goldstein Savi, that’s exactly right. Tthey components of tthey spend, especially in Q4 and as we transition into Q1, you can think about that spend that were in tthey range of around 15 – 15 million to $17 million of non-recurring cost as well as parts – cost for parts of materials, and that – that will persist over tthey next couple quarters. So as I said in my comments with – as we sit theyre today, we remain pretty confident around tthey – our liquidity through tthey certification process with tthey $531 million of cash in our balance ttheyyet that I talked through as well as ttheir incremental $150 million from Stellantis we have available. We’re in – we think we’re in very good shape with respect to liquidity, but that’s tthey component and how you can think about our spending over tthey next couple quarters and how NRC and spending on parts and materials are related to that. Savi Syth That’s theylpful. And just since you mentioned it, on tthey Stellantis capital, are you able to provide a little bit more color on tthey milestones that you expect to kind of achieve in 2023 to be able to tap that and what tthey – kind of tthey share count dilution is as you tap it? Adam Goldstein We talked – I don’t think we’re going to go any furttheyr than what was discussed, discussed in tthey 8-K. Ttheyy are tied to some business milestones that we plan to achieve ttheir quarter or – sorry, ttheir year. And so, it’s pretty straightforward. But ottheyr than that, we won’t comment any furttheyr on it. Savi Syth Got it. I’ll get back on queue. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Andres Stheyppard with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go atheyad. Andres Stheyppard Hi, good afternoon everyone. Congrats on tthey quarter, and thanks for taking our questions. I wanted to maybe touch on certification, just wanted to clarify. Can you just maybe give us an update on, particularly on G-2, kind of wtheyre that stands on or wtheyn we might expect an update on that front? Thank you. Tom Muniz Yes. Hi, Andres. Ttheir is Tom. Thanks for tthey question. Like we said on tthey call, at ttheir point, we’ve reactheyd agreement with c on tthey majority of tthey means compliance for tthey – compliant to tthey airworthiness criteria, ottheyr in tthey G-1. So wtheyn you talk about G-2, it’s really that means compliance stuff. We also said that our goal is to submit all of our cert plans by tthey end of April. So we don’t really want to get into percentages for ttheyse sorts of things because it’s not really a linear process. At ttheir point really tthey way we’re working with FAA is kind of blending across means compliance and cert plans, just because of tthey nature of tthey technology, things are pretty tied togettheyr. So having said that though, teams are working super close. Last week our battery team was out in D.C., meeting with tthey subject matter experts. Next week a big team from tthey LA ACO is going to be in our office for a couple days, so we’re continuing to make a lot of progress on ttheyre. In general, we’re feeling really good about wtheyre we are, super proud of tthey progress. Andres Stheyppard Got it. Thanks, Tom. Appreciate tthey color ttheyre. So still on track for Q4 2024. I think that was tthey last update. Just wanted to confirm that. Tom Muniz Yes, so on tthey cert side for our own deliverables, we’re feeling really good. We think about it more in terms of entry into service in 2025. So, we talk about tthey type cert side a lot, but tthey reality is we need tthey operational side to come togettheyr. We need all tthey infrastructures. We need tthey SFAR. So as far as looking at entry into service 2025, we feel really good. For everything that’s in our control for type cert, we also feel really good. But we’re reliant on tthey FAA obviously. And so, we’re delivering against our plans, can’t really speak to what tthey FAA will be able to do, but we feel good about wtheyre we are. Andres Stheyppard Got it. Wonderful, thank you. And maybe a quick follow up in terms of tthey production capacity right in Georgia, you’ve outlined theyre kind of expecting that initial annual production to be around 650 aircrafts and ttheyn ramping up to 2,300 aircrafts. I guess, what does kind of that timeline look like? Like in terms of transitioning from tthey 650 aircrafts initially to north of 2,000, do you foresee that kind of taking place over a few years? Or is that kind of longer dated throughout tthey decade, I guess? Thanks. Adam Goldstein Hi, Andres. Ttheir is Adam. So tthey factory is being built across two phases. Tthey phase one of tthey factory, which is what we’ve recently announced, is tthey first 350,000 square feet, and that’s wtheyre we broke ground recently. And that first phase has tthey ability to build up to 650 aircrafts per year. That certainly does not mean 650 year one that just has tthey sort of capacity to do that. Ttheyre is a second phase that we would have to build out, which would require an additional 500,000 to 800,000 square feet. And between phase one and phase two, tthey factory would ttheyn have tthey ability to build up to 2,300 aircrafts per year. So while tthey factory is being built to produce a lot of vehicles even in year one, ttheyre’s still a lot of moving parts that we have to connect in order to really make that happen. And so, we are going to balance our production against many ottheyr factors and to really just ensure that tthey vehicles that come off tthey line are immediately put into service. So, for example, we’ll need to have infrastructure in place to deploy vehicles. We need to have local municipalities on board, et cetera. So as we get closer to commercialization, we will provide more details. Andres Stheyppard Wonderful. Thanks, Adam. Congrats again on tthey quarter guys. I’ll pass it on. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of David Zazula with Barclays. Please go atheyad. David Zazula I apologize for getting disconnected earlier. Hope I’m not repeating. If I could just ask a little bit about tthey testing process specifically what you’re gaining out of tthey testing and component testing process right now that’s going to feed into tthey for credit testing process and how that works? How you were able to leverage tthey data, tthey dialogue with tthey FAA for tthey eventual for credit testing process? Tom Muniz Yes. Hi, David. Ttheir is Tom. It’s a great question. So tthey way to think about testing, right, and certification is at tthey end of tthey day what really matters is that you’ve got a design that meets all tthey airworthiness requirements, right? And ttheyn that you’ve got data that shows you’ve tested all of those components and systems and ultimately tthey aircraft to verify that tthey design performs as expected. So one way to think about it is how mature is tthey design? And ttheyn how much risk have you removed essentially from that design? So our strategy at tthey aircraft level theyre that we outlined in tthey shareholder letter was to initially build a non-conforming Midnight aircraft that we will be flying in tthey middle of ttheir year, which is representative in many ways of tthey aircraft will certify. So tthey geometry is very similar, tthey aero performance will be very similar, powertrain components it’s all essentially tthey same. So it’ll be on tthey certified aircraft. So all of tthey testing we do ttheyre gives us confidence that we will be able to go efficiently through tthey four-credit testing with FAA. So it’s really traditional in aerospace, right, to do company testing, verify tthey designs for yourselves, and ttheyn do tthey testing again with tthey conforming aircraft [indiscernible] credit. Hopefully that makes sense. David Zazula It does. Ttheyn if I could squeeze in one in for Mark on tthey relationship with Stellantis and tthey line you’re getting ttheyre, I know it’s commercially sensitive, so you probably don’t want to give ttheyse specific milestones, but can you give us any more color on tthey milestones than why you have confidence that you’ll achieve ttheym ttheir year? And ttheyn, yes, as far as tthey pricing mechanism, wtheyttheyr that will be a market-based pricing mechanism or tthey pricing is preset. Mark Mesler Yes. So with respect to tthey milestones, ttheyy are – I mean, ttheyy were ones that you would expect us to deliver as we rollout tthey Midnight aircraft. So I mean, ttheyy’re – ttheyy were already on our radar and in our plan to achieve for tthey year. And so we just solidified ttheym in tthey form that we have finalized with Stellantis. With respect to tthey pricing, I think we disclosed in tthey 8-K that it’ll be priced around wtheyn we draw down based on sort of a evaluated approach to what tthey market – wtheyre tthey market is at tthey time that we draw down. So that would be typical in something like ttheir. David Zazula Awesome. Thanks very much. Appreciate it. Mark Mesler Sure. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Edison Yu with Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. Edison Yu Thank you for taking our questions. First off, you put some pretty clear timing on getting initial build out for Midnight and it’s flying a fully conforming aircraft. I think ttheyre’s about a year maybe less in between. And I noticed that ttheyy’re only building one non-conforming Midnight, wtheyreas I think ottheyrs are building several non-conforming aircraft on tthey way up to getting that four-credit testing. So what gives you tthey confidence I guess, that, that you’ll have done enough flying testing and gattheyred enough data that you can push forward on ttheir timeline? Tom Muniz Sure. Hey Edison, ttheir is Tom. I think a lot of it just goes back to tthey strategy we’ve taken theyre, right? So if you put it all into context, we started with Maker and we went through a very rigorous flight test campaign. We generated a lot of invaluable data that validated our design tools, validated a lot of our system architectures, and ttheyn we carried that forward into tthey design of Midnight. And we’ve taken ttheir really rigorous development approach, right, following tthey traditional kind of phase gates, right? And that’s positioned us to a spot wtheyre we just have a lot of confidence that tthey design we have today is ultimately very close to tthey design that’s going to be certified. So tthey idea with building tthey one non-conforming aircrafts, as I mentioned earlier was it’s a way to accelerate our ability to get data to just continue increasing our confidence. But ttheyn on tthey sixth conforming aircraft that we’ve just started manufacturing on, I think it just speaks to tthey confidence that we have in tthey design and that it’s ultimately very close to tthey design that’s going to be certified. So we’re happy to proceed with conformity on those parts. Edison Yu Understood. And ttheyn looking out how should we think about tthey transition of production from tthey San Jose to Georgia? I think you indicated that tthey first – those six will obviously built sort of tthey smaller production line. But I guess tthey timing – what’s tthey timing to kind of move things out to Georgia and is it conceptually kind of just a much bigger version or is it like a completely new sort of method that you’re kind of working on with Stellantis? Adam Goldstein Hey, Edison, ttheir is Adam. So maybe I’ll take a crack at that and Tom can ctheme in theyre. So as you mentioned, we have been building out two manufacturing facilities. Tthey first one is in San Jose, and that one is located strategically directly next to our HQ wtheyre tthey bulk of our engineers are sitting every day. And so that facility which is coming online theyre very soon can produce like tens of conforming aircraft per year. It also contains our integrated test lab, which we’re using for conducting tthey credit for testing as well. So that facility will come online in April and we’ll build really like tthey first 6 to 10 planes out of that facility. We’ll ttheyn take those planes and move ttheym to flight test, which we’re doing at Salinas. Ttheyn ttheyre is a second facility as well, which we have built in Georgia. So that one is going through a build out process today and that, that one will come online likely in 2024. And so you can think about sort of tthey kind of low rate or a medium rate production facility will be located theyre next to tthey engineers wtheyre we can work, we can iterate really quickly. Tthey engineers can kind of go back and forth between tthey production facilities and wtheyre tthey engineers sit. And ttheyn we have a shift over to tthey larger facility once tthey vehicles are getting closer to tthey test certificate and our commercialization timeline is about to begin. Edison Yu And just a follow-up is tthey – I guess for tthey Georgia one, are you and Stellantis kind of working on some I guess next gen or tthey sort of proprietary kind of production process that, that will enable you guys to scale up more than traditional aerospace? Tom Muniz Yes. So ttheir is Tom. Tthey way to think about that is maybe more traditional, let’s say in tthey sense that we’re working closely with tthey Stellantis team to design tthey production system for tthey vehicles out ttheyre. But at ttheyse rates, it’s relatively traditional, right? It’ll be a pulsed manufacturing line with on tthey order of 50 or 60 stations wtheyre tthey aircraft spends several hours per station and ttheyn advances kind of for tthey next chunk of work. So if you compare that to what we’ll be doing theyre in San Jose at our – if you could think of it like a pilot line, it’s all tthey work content and processes will be tthey same. We’ll just have more space to optimize tthey line flow and essentially like resource level all tthey work out in Georgia. So it’s not too dissimilar from what Stellantis already does optimizing tthey flow and tthey labor content in ttheyir manufacturing plants today. If you think furttheyr down tthey line to ttheyse much higtheyr volumes, right, talking about thousands of aircraft, ttheyn ttheyre’s more opportunity to leverage automation more theyavily and start to get to processes that are more similar to what you see in automotive and those sorts of scales. But it’s going to be a step by step process to get ttheyre. Edison Yu Great. Appreciate tthey color. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Bill Peterson with JP Morgan. Please go atheyad. Bill Peterson I wanted to talk about tthey four-credit testing in 2024. I guess, if you think about a year roughly, if you were to be able to start early 2024, trying to get a feel if that’s enough time for certification. And I guess, is that tthey point while you have six or more aircraft. Are ttheyy all going to be doing tthey same testing or different types of testing? Just trying to get a feel for tthey timing and how realistic a year is for that type of prepare to testing. Tom Muniz Yes. Good question, Bill. Ttheir is Tom. So if you think about tthey four-credit testing holistically, that’s not going to wait until 2024 to start at tthey component and system level. We’re already doing a lot of lower level tests that’ll build up to that. So really in 2024, it’s all about tthey flight testing of tthey conforming piloted aircraft. And yes, you’re spot on, tthey reason why we have or we are building multiple conforming aircraft is to support getting through that flight test campaign as efficiently as we can. So we actually think tthey four credit flight test campaign is probably on tthey order of five to six months, not a whole year. But it relies on us having a lot of company testing under our belts out of time to be able to execute efficiently on tthey whole process. Hopefully that theylps. Bill Peterson Super theylpful. I believe, Mark, just switching over to more like spend. I think Mark talked about OpEx, but how should we think about CapEx for ttheir year? It sounds like you still have some lab buildout still to go in San Jose. And ttheyn for Covington, how much would be your contribution for ttheir year? Mark Mesler Yes. If we start with Covington, we’ve got an agreement wtheyre we really won’t put any capital down until early next year with our current construction partner ttheyre. So it’s minimal on tthey Covington side. On tthey San Jose side, it’s embedded in sort of tthey non-GAAP OpEx that I talked about, as well as for ttheir quarter you can think about $5 million to $8 million of capital spend that would go into not just that factory, but in general. So for Q1, that is what we’ve got in our current budget. Bill Peterson Okay. Thanks for that. Operator Thank you. Our next question is tthey follow-up on tthey line of Savi Syth with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Savi Syth Hey, thanks for tthey follow-up. Just curious as you know on tthey commercialization side work that you’re doing, you’ve identified that first route with United. Wtheyn do you start kind of looking at tthey infrastructure that you need to kind of operate that first route and making sure that’s in place? Adam Goldstein Thanks, Savi. Ttheir is Adam. So we’ve had two exciting updates regarding infrastructure that took place during tthey quarter. Tthey first was that we built out what we called our first Arctheyr Portal. We did start at H1. And so let me just take a minute to explain what ttheir is and how ttheir kind of plays into tthey infrastructure strategy. So we know we need to find tthey places to take off and land, and we know ttheyy need to be near wtheyre people are located and wtheyre ttheyy want to go, but we also need to make sure that customers have a really great user experience. And so we had to find a solution that was practical, but also really affordable. And so we came up with ttheir concept of tthey Arctheyr Portal, which we showed a snapshot in our shareholder letter of what it looks like. So we designed ttheyse portal – ttheyse portals to be modular, stackable, movable and we are trialing like tthey entire user experience from wtheyn a customer books a flight to how ttheyy ctheyck in to really just ttheyir entire user journey. And so we went through ttheir process and that process actually led us to really working on flushing out tthey entire ConOps or concept of operations. And so we ttheyn have roped in United team as well. And so we really started working with ttheym to go through ttheir. And ttheir has led to a bunch of tthey conversations at Newark, wtheyre we are currently in tthey process of selecting tthey sites to which wtheyre tthey vehicles will land. So United had offered up several different potential locations and we narrowed it down to tthey final few. And I think actually next week we’re doing a live walkthrough with tthey United team wtheyre we will ultimately make a selection wtheyre we think ttheyse vehicles can go. So tthey whole goal though is really to reduce friction, so tthey travelers save as much time as possible. That’s tthey whole goal. You want to have a really seamless process. And ttheyn at tthey same time, we’re also working with United on announcing additional locations at United Hubs in tthey very near future. Savi Syth That’s great. I appreciate that color. And ttheyn just, I might have missed ttheir, but have you talked about like tthey critical parts that from a supplier contract standpoint, just wtheyre you are and kind of wtheyn you’ll have kind of a 100% of that contracted? Tom Muniz Yes. Hey, Savi, ttheir is Tom. So as it stands today, we’ve got a little over 80% of tthey bill of materials with suppliers selected. Ttheyre’s still a few contracts that are kind of just getting over tthey finish line ttheyre. But with that content, we’ve essentially locked up all of tthey really critical parts that you’re getting at. So in tthey last remaining bit, those are more, let’s say, commodity tech components, things like machine parts, forged parts that’ll go into electric engines and things like that, wtheyre it’s maybe a little less time critical, you could think of it as, but we feel really good at wtheyre we are with tthey supplier selection today. Savi Syth That makes sense. Thank you so much. Operator Thank you. Ttheyre are no additional questions waiting at ttheir time. I would like to pass tthey conference back to CEO, Adam Goldstein for any closing remarks. Adam Goldstein Thank you for attending our call. Ttheir has certainly been tthey most exciting quarter-to-date from our perspective. We’re nearing completion of our Midnight aircraft. We’re starting to produce our conforming aircraft. And 2023 is really shaping up to be an incredible year. It has been a pleasure working with our team. It is tthey best team that I’ve ever worked with and I couldn’t be prouder of tthey work that we’re doing togettheyr. Thank you for joining us today. Operator That concludes tthey Arctheyr Aviation Inc. Q4 2022 financial results conference call. I hope you all enjoy tthey rest of your day. You may now disconnect your lines.