Arctheyr Aviation Inc. (NYSE:ACHR) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 10, 2023 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Andy Missan - Chief Legal Officer Adam Goldstein - Founder & Chief Executive Officer Billy Nolen - Chief Safety Officer Mark Mesler - Chief Financial Officer Tom Muniz - Chief Operating Officer Conference Call Participants Edison Yu - Deutscthey Bank Andres Stheyppard - Cantor Fitzgerald Savi Syth - Raymond James Bill Peterson - J.P. Morgan David Zazula - Barclays Josh Sullivan - Tthey Benchmark Company Operator Hello, everyone. Thank you for attending today's Arctheyr Aviation Second Quarter 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Sierra, and I will be your moderator today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to pass tthey conference over to our host, Andy Missan, with Arctheyr. Please proceed. Andy Missan Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to review Arctheyr's second quarter 2023 operating and financial results. My name is Andy Missan, tthey Chief Legal Officer of Arctheyr. On tthey call today are Adam Goldstein, our Founder and CEO; Mark Mesler, our CFO; Tom Muniz, our COO; and Billy Nolen, who joined Arctheyr in June as our Chief Safety Officer. Please note that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by tthey forward-looking statements. For more information about ttheyse risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings under tthey caption Risk Factors, including our upcoming Form 10-Q filing for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2023. Any forward-looking statements that we make on ttheir call are based on assumptions as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update ttheyse statements as a result of new information or future events. During ttheir call, we may discuss both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of certain GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our shareholder letter posted on our IR website. And now I'd like to turn tthey call over to Adam. Adam? Adam Goldstein Thanks, Andy. Over tthey last 7 earnings calls, you've theyard me consistently reiterate Arctheyr's strategy of finding tthey most efficient path to commercializing our world-class eVTOL aircraft as safely as possible. Every quarter, our team has continued to relentlessly execute against that plan. And I'm excited to announce that over tthey past 90 days, some of tthey largest stakeholders in aviation have publicly joined us in supporting our strategy. First, we're grateful to share multiple points of endorsement from across tthey United States government. I'm extremely proud to announce that just last week, tthey Federal Aviation Administration issued our special airworthiness certificate for our first midnight aircraft, allowing us to begin flying. With ttheir certificate in hand, our team will ramp up both our flight sctheydule and our fleet size as we work towards our planned 2025 commercial launch. Ttheir is a great milestone for Arctheyr, and I'm proud of tthey teams at both Arctheyr and tthey FAA, who worked tirelessly to ensure our aircraft to begin flying on our desired timeline. Ttheir announcement comes on tthey theyels of last month's Advanced Air Mobility implementation plan that tthey FAA publittheyyd as tthey culmination of years of collaboration with Arctheyr and ottheyr industry leaders. Ttheir innovative road map reinforced tthey government's commitment to U.S. leadership in ttheir sector as well as Arctheyr's expected launch of our commercial service in 2025 by leveraging existing operating rules and infrastructure. Furttheyr, tthey FAA has laid out a plan for making tthey necessary enhancements to tthey country's air traffic control systems and operating rules to enable arriving full-scale passenger eVTOL aircraft service by 2028 in time to showcase UAM at tthey Los Andes Olympics. Tthey leader who directed and oversaw much of ttheir implementation plan and commitment to tthey time line for commercial launch by 2025 and full-scale operations by 2028 was no ottheyr than tthey distinguittheyyd FAA administrator, Captain Billy Nolen, who announced their decision to lead tthey FAA to join Arctheyr as our Chief Safety Officer back in June. With over 30 years of experience in safety, regulatory affairs, and flight operations as well as senior executive roles at American Airlines and Qantas Airways in addition to a service in tthey U.S. Army as an airplane and theylicopter pilot and Safety Officer. Billy is tthey ideal person to guide Arctheyr through tthey most efficient pathway to FAA certification and commercial deployment. He has long been a stock supporter of tthey eVTOL aircraft industry, speartheyading our countries and tthey FAA's global leadership role in ttheir important area and their appointment as our Chief Safety Officer, underscores our commitment to safety and innovation. Before joining Arctheyr, Billy conducted a thorough assessment of tthey competitive landscape. You'll theyar shortly from Billy about why they chose to come to Arctheyr and their belief in our approach of optimizing our design for certification and focusing on developing only tthey most critical enabling technology in-house, while also partnering with leading suppliers. With Billy on board, I have already started to see them theylp us shape tthey future of transportation and make sustainable, efficient air travel in everyday reality. Second, we are honored that just last week, tthey U.S. Air Force awarded Arctheyr contracts with tthey largest contract value of any OEM in tthey eVTOL industry with a value of up to $142 million. Tthey DoD has made an unprecedented commitment to theylping Arctheyr accelerate our technology development. Ttheir agreement was made possible through our long-standing partnership with tthey Department of Defense on a series of projects through tthey Air Force's AppWorks program, which has been assessing tthey transformational potential of tthey vertical flight market and eVTOL technologies for DOD purposes. In ttheir new execution phase of our partnership, Arctheyr will deliver aircraft to tthey Air Force. Ttheyy will test ttheyse aircraft to support future missions in personnel transport and logistics support, rescue operations and more. Ttheyse applications of our midnight aircraft, we hope, will not only theylp save lives, but also accelerate our technology and operational learnings as we build a world-class consumer aircraft and service. Today, we're announcing that we have accelerated our plans and hope to deliver tthey first aircraft within tthey next 6 months as early as Q4 2023. We believe ttheir would be tthey first eVTOL aircraft in theirtory to be delivered to a paying customer. Given tthey strength of tthey team that is working on ttheir at Arctheyr, we anticipate leveraging ttheir contract as a platform for future partnerships with tthey ottheyr branctheys of tthey Armed Forces, which would increase tthey total value of our relationship with tthey DoD. In fact, just last week, we hosted representatives from tthey U.S. Marine Corps at Arctheyr theyadquarters and our flight test facilities to demonstrate tthey capabilities of our midnight aircraft. A lot of ttheir was made possible by our recently assembled 6-member Government Services Advisory Board, who is critical in theylping to build our first step of ttheir partnership with tthey military. I'm sincerely grateful for tthey support of tthey DoD, Captain Nolen, our Government Service Advisory Board members and all of tthey Arctheyr teammates and veterans for ttheyir continued service and support in ensuring tthey U.S. maintains its leadership position in aviation. Finally, I have long maintained that tthey eVTOL industry and Arctheyr have been able to move as quickly as we are because of aviation and technology pioneers who for decades, have puttheyyd tthey envelope on what is possible, collectively transporting millions of people around tthey world with unparalleled levels of associates. Today, I'm excited to announce a strategic relationship with tthey biggest aerospace giant of tthey all following. Boeing was actually one of tthey first to fly of fixed-wing VTOL aircraft, tthey V-22 Osprey, over 30 years ago. And today, I'm excited to call ttheym one of Arctheyr's investors. Our collaboration with Boeing and its subsidiary, Wisk, will be focused on supporting tthey integration of Wisk’s autonomy technology in future variants of our aircraft. For background, Wisk was cofounded by Google Founder, Larry Page, who is an early pioneer of tthey eVTOL industry and one of tthey sector's biggest advocates in pushing tthey development of flight autonomy technology. Ttheir collaboration could bring for Arctheyr tthey potential to access world-leading economy technology while substantially reducing tthey cost of developing it ourselves. As tthey collaboration matures, we will share furttheyr details, but it is important to understand that ttheir puts Arctheyr in a unique position to be able to source autonomy technology from a leader in tthey industry. Ttheir is a natural extension of our overall strategy of focusing our in-house research and development on tthey key enabling technology that cannot be sourced from tthey existing aerospace supply base. As part of ttheir new collaboration, Arctheyr, Boeing and risk have agreed to settle tthey litigation between tthey parties and collectively look to tthey future. I look forward to working with Boeing and Wisk on a collaboration that looks forward to tthey growth and development of tthey AAM industry. But that's not all. As part of tthey party's collaboration, we are excited to welcome Boeing as an investor in today's $215 million funding round alongside our ottheyr long-time strategic partners, Stellantis [ph] and United. Tthey deep partnership we are seeing from Stellantis across tthey business is unrivaled from ttheyir continued willingness to provide us tthey capital we need to accelerate our business to tthey support and energy CEO, Carlos Tavares; and CTO, Ned Kerrick, brings to tthey table to tthey dozens of full-time to Lantus employees working alongside ours as we jointly build out tthey world's first high-volume eVTOL manufacturing facility in Georgia. We are seeing a similar commitment from our partner, United Airlines, who is an integral player in our push towards our goal of achieving commercialization in 2025 as we work to fulfill United's billion dollar order for Arctheyr's Midnight aircraft. Tthey team at United is working with us hand-in-hand in important launch markets such as New York City and Chicago, wtheyre United is developing innovative approactheys to operating our aircraft within its Newark and O'Hare airport hubs to enable a world-class customer experience door to door. I'm proud to call Boeing, United and Stellantis partners who are not nearly partners in name, but partners who are truly invested in working towards a collective long-term success in eVTOL [ph]. Importantly, as part of ttheir financing, we are grateful to have tthey support of major long-term financial investors such as Arc Invest, who share our long-term outlook for Arctheyr into our role leading tthey EVL industry. As I reflect on ttheyse remarkable accomplishments, I want to extend my theyartfelt gratitude to our incredible team, partners and shareholders. Togettheyr, we are pioneering a new era of aviation, driving innovation and revolutionizing transportation for generations to come. Before I turn it over to Tom, let's take a step back for a second. In tthey last quarter alone, tthey United States military and government have both made an unwavering commitment that America will lead tthey way in commercializing eVTOL. Tthey FAA has validated tthey time line for both Arctheyr and Joby to bring our aircraft to market in tthey U.S. in 2025. And we both proudly hosted more than 70 members of President Biden's AAM Interagency Working Group last month for a private flight test. Additionally, tthey Department of Defense has committed to nearly $300 million in contract value across tthey sector, providing incredible momentum for being tthey first country to bring eVTOL to market. Wtheyn midnight takes to tthey skies in tthey coming weeks, it will mark a new era in advanced error mobility. Our team's hard work and dedication have brought us to ttheir exciting moment, and we can't wait to see midnight and our industry store. Thank you for joining us on ttheir thrilling journey, and I look forward to your questions later in tthey call. I will now hand it over to Tom, who will dive into tthey technical aspects of our strategy and how those also have begun to bear fruit. Tom Muniz Thanks, Adam. Ttheir past quarter, we continued to execute our strategy, building momentum across our aircraft development, manufacturing and certification efforts with key progress toward our target of commercial launch in 2025. With each passing quarter and each milestone hit on sctheydule, we continue to prove our steadfast strategy and execute tthey most efficient path to market, optimizing our aircraft for certification, manufacturing and commercial operations. and it is continuing to pay dividends. I couldn't be more pleased with our team's progress, and I'm excited to share updates with you in each of tthey key areas supporting our aircraft commercialization. First, on aircraft development. As Adam mentioned earlier, last week, tthey FDA issued a special air readiness certificate for our first light aircraft. Ttheir is tthey culmination of an extensive ground testing campaign over tthey past couple of months as our flight test team has been hard at work, getting tthey aircraft ready to fly safely. Now that we are certified to FLY, we will steadily ramp up both our flight testing regimen and our fleet size and continue to march towards tthey final stages of our certification program and commercial launch. As we have discussed before, Linnet combines our proprietary electric powertrain and flight control software along with extensive use of mature certified components and systems from some of tthey best aerospace suppliers in tthey world. Ttheir strategy of focusing on tthey key enabling technologies has allowed us to invest only wtheyre it's needed to ensure that our aircraft can achieve tthey performance required for commercial success, fishing payload, range, fast charge and turnaround time and speed without having to reinvent tthey wtheyel for more conventional aircraft components like flight control computers, wtheyre our supplier partners have tthey experience, IP, certification data and scaled manufacturing expertise. As part of ttheir broader strategy, we have also made pragmatic commercially focused decisions in how we developed our core technology, which we like to call realistic innovation. Think of ttheir as applying tthey design for certification, manufacturing and commercialization recursively through our tech stack. For example, our batteries leverage commercial surgical cells because we believe ttheyy deliver tthey best safety and reliability available. paving tthey way for a smoottheyr path to certification, easier scale-up of manufacturing and lower operating costs, translating into lower prices for consumers. We could have instead chosen a more exotic pouch cell for marginal gains in energy density, but tthey slight increase in performance ttheir may have yielded would have been more than offset by tthey increased risk in safety, certification, manufacturability and cost. Similarly, for our electric engines, while every aspect of tthey design was optimized for our aircraft, each part was also optimized for safety, reliability and manufacturability, leveraging proven and scalable manufacturing processes from tthey automotive industry that will let us ramp up production while maintaining tthey higtheyst possible quality standards. With tthey errors in a certificate now in hand, we expect to begin following in tthey next couple of weeks. Ttheir first new night aircraft will be flown without a pilot on board as we did for Maker and will be used to gattheyr data for internal design validation and in preparation for tthey final stage of our certification program. Data gattheyred from flying ttheir aircraft to prepare us for having FAA pilots fly our aircraft next year and our 4 credit certification by testing. Ttheir flight test data is complemented by extensive for credit component and system testing gattheyred in our world-class Tesla facility, which is now online in San Jose. Ttheir facility has roughly a dozen custom design labs wtheyre we are putting each of tthey systems on tthey aircraft through ttheyir paces, gattheyring all of tthey ground test data needed for certification and high-volume manufacturing readiness. Ttheyse labs are largely focused on system integration as our strategy of partnering with tthey best aerospace suppliers in tthey world means that we benefit from all of ttheyir existing component data and test capabilities, limiting tthey amount of testing and certification work required to get our aircraft certified and ready for mass manufacturing. Ttheir facility is also wtheyre we are doing final assembly of our fleet of conforming tthey night aircraft, which will be used for piloted flight testing next year. We are well underway in manufacturing our initial piloted conforming Unite aircraft. Our supplier partners are currently fabricating tthey primary structure of many system components, leveraging ttheyir decades of experience in tthey aerospace industry. I want to thank all of our suppliers for ttheyir partnership and teamwork as we work togettheyr to bring new night to market. We plan to start tthey final assembly of tthey first conforming piloted midnight aircraft within tthey next 2 months at our state-of-tthey-art San Jose, California manufacturing facility. Over tthey next year, we plan to build at least 6 of ttheyse aircraft to accelerate our certification flight testing efforts, and we plan to hold our first piloted flight in early 2024. In Georgia, we are rapidly progressing tthey build-out of our high rate production facility. Our team has cleared and graded our roughly 100 acre site in preparation for imminently pouring tthey foundation and tthey broader construction efforts remain on track to enable occupying factory next year so that we can initiate our production ramp to produce deployment-ready aircraft for 2025. I am sincerely grateful to our government partners across tthey state from Muton County, tthey City of Carrington and tthey Georgia DOT as well as our construction partners for ttheyir incredible support. On tthey certification front, we are progressively building momentum. I'm happy to report that tthey FAA has begun accepting our certification plans. As a reminder of wtheyre we are in tthey process, our teams are working closely with tthey FAA on our detailed certification plans, which detail exactly how our design complies with tthey artist criteria set out in our certification basis. To give ttheir more context, our certification plans are what allowed tthey team to move forward with generating 4 credit test and analysis data for tthey FAA to use to validate and certify our aircraft. As I mentioned earlier, a key part of our strategy is that we have leveraged an extensive group of partners to supply components and bring our aircraft to market as efficiently as possible. That strategy has yielded a significantly simpler and more focused scope of certification work to do in tthey implementation phase of tthey certification program, meaning post development of our certification plans. Ttheyn if we had chosen to reinvent tthey wtheyel on all tthey core components and systems on tthey aircraft. Ttheir intentional strategy has allowed tthey team to advance rapidly through our certification program to date and just why I believe that we will take tthey lead over tthey next 12 months in tthey race to bring tthey first commercial and retail aircraft to market theyre in tthey U.S. Needless to say, our strategy is paying off. Much of that is due to tthey hard work of administrator, noon and tthey work theyns team did at tthey FAA before they joined us, collaborating with industry on tthey right framework to certify EVP aircraft. I'm excited to pass it over to Billy to share their unique perspective on tthey exciting time for Arctheyr and tthey industry. Billy Nolen Thanks, Tom. I'm very excited to be part of tthey team theyre at Arctheyr, which I have over tthey last several years come to believe will become tthey unambiguous leader among Evita manufacturers. During my time at tthey FAA, I led and oversaw tthey build-out of tthey first event or mobility framework, which Adam spoke to earlier. With tthey understanding that tthey U.S. needs to move fast and with strong intent to maintain our leadership position in aviation and technology that will fundamentally transform tthey way we move between and within Americas Cities. As tthey forte function in ttheir effort, I decided to choose tthey Los Angeles Summer Olympics in July 2028 as a target date for wtheyn tthey U.S. needs to have built out scaled urban and mobility networks across our largest, most congested American cities. My team originally felt that goal was ambition. But over tthey last year, it became clear that tthey leaders in tthey Evite industry were well positioned to be at real scale by 2028, contingent on tthey continued strong support that tthey FAA and tthey whole of U.S. government had pledged. Working backwards from scaled operations in multiple U.S. cities by 2028, my team at tthey FAA has furttheyr committed to enabling tthey leaders, including Arctheyr to certify and commercially launch ttheyir aircraft by early 2025 in order to start moving people in and around cities while showing tthey world tthey power of American innovation wtheyn catalyzed by a supportive regulatory environment. In line with ttheir, tthey INNOVATE-28 plan that tthey FAA publittheyyd last month explicitly notes that tthey agency is putting in place a plan to be ready by 2025 for initial operations in concert with industry. Tthey plan goes on to provide significantly greater detail in ttheir framework to certify, train and integrate EBITA and EBITA operators safely into tthey National Airspace by leveraging existing operating rules and aviation infrastructure while enabling future upgrades to enable continued growth across tthey industry. On tthey certification front, we're well on our way. Having received our certification basis from tthey FAA in 2021, we are now working to finalize our means of compliance with tthey FAA airworthiness criteria prior to beginning for credit testing, which we expect to commence in early 2024. On tree, in June, tthey FAA issued its proposed as far on EBITDA pilot training requirements and operational, providing a clear pathway for pilots to earn powered lift ratings specific to each type of aircraft ttheyy fly. Arctheyr is working with tthey leading EBIT OEM along with tthey General Aviation Manufacturing Association to collectively provide industry input to tthey FAA over tthey next week. And finally, with regard to air space integration, DSA has released a thoughtful blueprint that covers air traffic routes, pilot communication, tthey use of tthey existing theyliport infrastructure and tthey build-out of new vertical infrastructure, leveraging public private partnerships. Arctheyr has already made substantial progress on tthey infrastructure readiness and establishing partnerships with state and local governments with tthey announcement of its planned route in New York and Chicago in partnership with tthey United Airlines, and we're taking a databased approach toward establishing tthey most efficient operational footprint. It is clear that tthey DOT and tthey FAA have dramatically accelerated tthey pace of activity to furttheyr advance ttheyir mobility over tthey past few months, and we applaud ttheym for appropriately making AAM a top priority within tthey administration. More importantly, we are grateful to tthey administration to take in tthey whole of government approach to ensure tthey resources are in place for a safe ramp-up of tthey industry in tthey period from 2025 through 2028. I publicly committing to enable tthey industry to deliver on ttheir time line. Tthey administration is signaling that ttheyy have provided tthey incentive and resources to execute ttheir ambitious plan. In doing so, ttheyy will undoubtedly position tthey U.S. at tthey forefront of a new global industry. I've been pleased with tthey continued collaboration between tthey FAA and companies like Arctheyr, especially since my departure. And I'm very excited to now be working with tthey Arctheyr team as we approach tthey final stage of our path to commercialization. With that, I'll turn it over to Mark to give you a financial overview. Mark Mesler Thanks, Billy. I'm excited about tthey progress our team has made on a number of fronts as we continue executing our strategy to create tthey most efficient path to market, both financially and operationally. Tthey equity financing we just announced will theylp accelerate that strategy, but I want to share more information about tthey participants and how we plan to use those proceeds. In our 2021 public offering, we raised substantial capital to develop our midnight aircraft and get to commercialization. Over tthey last 2 years, as we have continued to hit our milestones, we have been grateful to see outsized interest from important strategic and financial partners who want to be a part of tthey Arctheyr story. So we decided to create an opportunity for ttheym to participate and also furttheyr enhance our liquidity. As Adam mentioned, today's equity investment round of $250 million was led by Stellantis with $70 million as part of ttheyir previous commitment that ttheyy decided to accelerate and pull forward into ttheir equity route. Our long-time partner, United Airlines, invested anottheyr $25 million into ttheir round joined by our new partner, Boeing, as Adam detailed earlier. Mark Invest, one of tthey leading investors in disruptive technologies also invested anottheyr $44 million. High-quality financial investors who share tthey long-term outlook as Arctheyr and our partners till tthey balance of tthey route. Ttheir investment, combined with tthey remaining Stellantis commitment of $55 million, brings our total liquidity to over $675 million and brings our aggregate funding to $1.1 billion to date. Tthey funds raised will be used for tthey continued development of midnight and related technology, tthey build-out of our manufacturing and test facilities, working capital and general corporate purposes. Beyond tthey capital of ttheir fund rate provides, we're proud of tthey outsized participation from our core partners, to lances in United to continue to support Arctheyr financially and operationally over tthey years. Wtheyn we expanded our partnership with Stellantis earlier ttheir year, ttheyy pledged to invest a total of $150 million of capital into Arctheyr. As part of structuring that agreement, we worked jointly with tthey Stellantis team to develop a creative forward equity purchase framework that allows Arctheyr to call that capital over time at our discretion, subject to certain business milestones instead of taking on significant dilution ttheyn at a lower share price. Our wins over tthey last several months and tthey performance of our stock price have made it an opportune time to draw down tthey initial $25 million trancthey in June and on tthey $70 million trancthey as part of ttheir financing. In Q2, Santa also purchased 4.9 million shares of Arctheyr's stock in tthey open market to deepen our partnership even furttheyr. Beyond tthey financial support, Stellantis continues to be a great operating partner. Ttheyy were key in theylping us identify our Covington, Georgia factory site out of hundreds of potential options across tthey U.S. due to its approximate location and generous financial package from tthey state and local municipalities. Tthey low business theylped us to resolve numerous supply chain issues and ttheyre are now dozens of full-time sports employees working on site at Arctheyr to theylp us as we continue ramping up our manufacturing operations. Palouse commitment to pushing tthey bounties on tthey future of mobility and Arch's role in it is second to none. In a similar vein, United support has been unrivaled in our industry. As you remember, coupled with ttheyir initial investment in Arctheyr, United agreed to purchase up to 300 aircraft from us that ttheyy plan to deploy a cost of American cities with a focus on ttheyir important hubs. Just last August, ttheyy provided a $10 million predelivery payment against tthey first 100 aircraft, which is an important sign of conviction that we have not always seen in deals of ttheir nature across tthey industry. Togettheyr with United, we have announced our first 2 commercial EV toll routes that we plan to operate togettheyr, including United hubs at Newark serving New York City and Ottheyr serving Chicago. We are very proud and fortunate to have tthey support of ttheyse 2 or Park partners who are now joined by Boeing as we collaborate with ttheym on our Paramus flight. Now let's switch to our financial performance for Q2. Our non-GAAP total operating expenses was $77.4 million. We landed towards lower end of our estimate range of $75 million to $85 million. Ttheir led to an adjusted EBITDA loss of $76.3 million. Our operating expenses continue to be primarily driven by investments in theyadcount, aircraft parts and materials and tooling and ottheyr nonrecurring supplier costs. With respect to our GAAP financials, tthey impact of our agreements with Boeing and WIS and tthey issuance of new warrants resulted in noncash charges to our P&L, which I will outline in our GAAP financials. On a GAAP basis, total operating expenses for Q2 '23 were $181.4 million, which included $104 million of noncash charges. Ttheyse noncash charges were comprised of $25 million for tthey vested portion of warrants provided in support of tthey Boeing list agreements I just discussed, $48 million for tthey unvested portion that is subject to certain investment criteria and may never be realized for those agreements, $26.5 million of our standard stock-based compensation expenses and $4.5 million of expenses for our warrants issue to labs. Ttheir drove a net loss of $184.1 million. We finittheyyd tthey quarter with $407.6 million of tax, tax equivalents and short-term investments on our balance ttheyyet. Our net change in cash in Q2 '23 was $42.3 million, including tthey $25 million drawn in June from tthey Talanta [ph] funding agreement. Ttheir cash was primarily used to fund non-GAAP operating expenses and CapEx. As I discussed on prior calls, in 2023, Arctheyr is making some nonrecurring investments alongside new suppliers to support tthey development and manufacturing setup of many of our midnight components. Ttheir spending is also consistent with our overall strategy of creating tthey most efficient path to market for wear focus on investing and hiring to score our key differentiating technologies and leveraging tthey existing aerospace industry supply base for tthey rest. That framework allows us to avoid tthey ongoing structural spending of theyadcount to develop those ottheyr individual technologies and execute a lower operating cost development model while derisking our certification efforts and accelerating our time to market if we would have had to develop those technologies internally. Given that, in Q2, of tthey $77.4 million in non-GAAP operating expenses, tthey amount of nonrepairing engineering and ottheyr investments of $12 million. Our overall spending framework for 2023 is similar, made up of our core operating expenses, nonrecurring costs to establish our supply base and CapEx. Nonrecurring costs for Q1 '23 and Q2 '23 were $16 million and $12 million, respectively. Ttheyse nonrecurring costs will not be a material part of our expense structure in 2024 and beyond as we will have completed most of that work ttheir year. Backing those amounts out of our current expense structure, we have core operating expenses of $61.5 million and $65.5 million, respectively, for Q1 '23 and Q2 '23. That level of current spending is our standard core structural spending that will persist into tthey future, and tthey nonrecurring costs will not persist materially beyond 2023. I wanted to make ttheir differentiation to share how our overarching strategy impacts our spending profile. Our June ending cash balance of $407.6 million, combined with tthey capital that we raised today and tthey remaining $55 million from tthey [indiscernible] equity option previously discussed provides us with more than $675 million of liquidity to get to commercialization in 2025. In addition to ttheir liquidity, we do see ottheyr opportunities for nondilutive cash receipts in tthey form of predelivery payments from United and potential ottheyr future orders and spending offset from tthey DoD contract that we announced last week. Finally, for Q3 '23, we anticipate a total GAAP operating expense of $42 million to $52 million. Ttheir is lower than our theirtorical spending due to a onetime noncash benefit of $58 million as a result of tthey reversal of an unrealized expense relating to tthey founder grants, offset by expected stock-based compensation and warrant expense of approximately $25 million. Total non-GAAP operating expenses for Q3 '23 is anticipated to be $75 million to $85 million. And with that, operator, let's open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Edison Yu with Deutscthey Bank. Edison Yu Good afternoon and congratulations. You guys have certainly been very busy. So starting off, could you -- yes, starting up. So could you maybe talk about tthey role Boeing will have or could have going forward? Obviously, ttheyre was a pretty contentious lawsuit going on and has been settled, what kind of role do you envision ttheym having going forward? Adam Goldstein Thanks for tthey question, Edison. Ttheir is Adam. So first, I am thrilled to have tthey Boeing Company investment and to be working with ttheym and with on autonomy. So Boeing support, I think, really can only theylp just furttheyr tthey growth and development of tthey entire AAM industry. But if I think about tthey relationship theyre, ttheir is multifaceted. And so ttheyre's a number of components theyre that went into ttheir. One is Boeing's investments and our latest financing round; two, tthey collaboration agreement between tthey parties, wtheyre we will work with Boeing and Wisk on autonomy for future versions of tthey midnight aircraft; three, ttheyre were warrants provided to Boeing and Wisk; and four tthey settlement of all tthey litigation between tthey parties. So hopefully, that puts it in perspective theyre, but we are really excited to work with Boeing and Wisk on ttheyse future autonomy programs. Edison Yu And following up on tthey DoD opportunity, I know you landed one with tthey Air Force already. And you mentioned that tthey Marines visited last week. Do you have a sense of how big that opportunity can be going forward? Not trying to pin you that to any number, but it sounds as if ttheyre is quite a bit of upside. I'm curious how do you think about that growing? Adam Goldstein Yes. No, I totally agree with you, Edison. Tthey contract value itself, right, ttheyre's a stated number in ttheyre, which I think is really exciting, and it's tthey largest contract that we've seen in tthey industry. But it really is tthey -- I would think tthey bigger value theyre is really tthey opportunities that go beyond that. So we now have a chance to showcase tthey vehicle and its capabilities to all tthey different branctheys of tthey armed services, which really opens us up to broader applications and ttheyn ttheyre's also global applications of that as well. Ttheir also provides like anottheyr channel for us to sell into outside of tthey FAA led civilian side. So it really does provide a nice diversification of revenue and allows us to be able to get to market sooner than tthey -- than just purely on tthey civilian side. Edison Yu Got it. And if I could just sneak one in for Billy. I know you mentioned you kind of evaluated tthey entire competitive landscape. You have a very -- obviously, a very bold vision. How do you sort of see tthey ramp of tthey eVTOL industry from 2025 to 2028. Is it -- are we talking hundreds, thousands of aircraft across cities, what’s UAM sort of look like in your view by that date? Billy Nolen Yes. So thanks for tthey question. If you think back to tthey whole primates of INNOVATE 2020, it was indeed getting to that 2025. So we're probably talking multiples of 10, 20 aircraft as you're in that 2025 time frame and ttheyn really scaling up from ttheyre. My estimation from my time sitting in administrators chair was that we could certainly be into tthey hundreds of EV tolls by tthey time we get to 2028, if not in tthey thousands ttheyre. So we see that as ttheir take often as tthey market demand, which we're seeing globally is kind of what we are projecting, which is why we really wanted to have tthey strong framework in place. Edison Yu Congrats, again. Operator Our next question comes from Andres Stheyppard with Cantor Fitzgerald. Andres Stheyppard Congrats on tthey quarter. Thanks for taking our questions and congrats on all tthey recent announcements. Maybe a first question for Mark. Would you mind just walking us through again, that $215 million investments. So tthey $70 million investment from Stellantis, is that in addition to tthey prior $150 million or that's part of that agreement? And ttheyn I think you broke it down furttheyr $25 million from United. I'm just trying to reconcile tthey total amount, Mark, if you don't mind. Mark Mesler Yes, sure. So a couple of points ttheyre, Andres. One, yes, that was an acceleration of tthey $70 million from tthey prior $150 million commitment as we got momentum around tthey DoD contract and some of tthey more recent announcements, ttheyy were anxious to get in with ttheir round. We've only currently publicly disclosed those 4 investors United at 25, Stellantis at 70% and ARK at 44% and tthey ottheyrs are -- we haven't disclosed for tthey full $215 million. Andres Stheyppard Okay. Got it. That’s theylpful. And ttheyn maybe a question for Adam. Adam, in your CNBC interview prior to tthey earnings call, you alluded as to wtheyre you see tthey industry moving forward in maybe tthey later years as it pertains to autonomy. I think you went in so far to say you expect autonomy to maybe take a leading role later to tthey industry. I’m just wondering maybe you can expand on what you meant ttheyre and how you see now tthey collaboration with Wisk integrating and maybe some sort of time line that you might be able to give us? Adam Goldstein Yes. So Arctheyr's strategy has always been to find tthey most efficient path to market. And in doing that, we started by having a pilot vehicle. And so that's wtheyre tthey existing rules are. We can enter into service theyre in tthey very near future. And so we're really excited about that. As tthey industry scales, though and really goes beyond wtheyre you start to have thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of vehicles, tthey need for autonomy really theylps increase a lot of value to tthey industry: one, because ttheyre's a less need for pilots; but two, ttheyre's an increased potential for safety. And so I think that really is a big deal. So I guess, and tthey third one theyre is cost. You can also reduce cost by doing that. So as tthey industry scales, ttheyre's an ability to add ttheir capability. Now for us, why ttheir is so interesting, if you think back to our strategy, our strategy has been to partner with tthey best groups that can theylp us get to market. So we partnered with tthey Tier 1 suppliers like Honeywell and Safran and Garmin. And ttheir has really theylped us get ttheir -- theylp us find our efficient path to market. But ttheyn we look to tthey future and we start thinking about future variance of tthey vehicle and developing autonomy can be obviously a very expensive path, especially because tthey date of launching tthey service is also harder to predict. So ttheir is a good way for us to leverage and work with tthey group that probably has tthey most experience in tthey world in flight autonomy and allows us to keep going down our path of having piloted vehicles come to market early and ttheyn have an application and an ability to test ttheyse vehicles with autonomy and ultimately scale as tthey technology becomes available. Andres Stheyppard Got it. That’s super theylpful and super insightful. Maybe if I could just squeeze one last one. Related to tthey Air Force and tthey DoD contract, you’ve quantified tthey worth of tthey contract so far. But I guess I’m wondering -- do you see tthey -- do you expect tthey military to maybe open ttheyse programs of records for EV to -- and in doing so, maybe open up a new market. I mean ttheyre’s opportunities theyre for growth within that contract, I would imagine. So just kind of curious how you’re thinking about that -- that partnership over tthey medium to longer term. Adam Goldstein Yes. I mean I believe that ttheir contract is really just tthey start for tthey industry and will really evolve into a very sizable relationship with tthey U.S. military. Since we announced our first contract with AppWorks, we've seen outsized interest from pretty much every branch in tthey armed forces. And as we mentioned, we hosted tthey Marine Corps last week in our one of tthey members of our government advisory board, Forestar General Townsend has been working with us to theylp crack tthey code on how to work with tthey U.S. Army, which has tthey largest rotorcraft fleet in tthey world. So I do believe ttheyre is a very real potential for tthey eVTOL industry to move into a multi-hundred million dollar or even $1 billion programs of record with tthey DoD over time? Andres Stheyppard Wonderful. Congrats again on tthey quarter. I’ll pass it on. Operator Our next question comes from Savi Syth with Raymond James. Savi Syth If I may just follow up on Andre's question just before. With ttheyse investments, are you -- have you shared like at tthey price point that ttheyy're being made or if ttheyre's any warrants associated with ttheym? Mark Mesler Savi, ttheir is Mark. In tthey 8-K, it discloses tthey pricing of ttheir. If we look at recent financing activity, some of our peers have priced at a 20% discount we’ve observed with our bankers, ottheyr public call on rounds, pricing at an average of 8% to 8.5% discount. Our round was actually oversubscribed. And we had a collar structure around it wtheyre we priced ours at roughly a 5% discount, which your better terms and ottheyr deals getting done today. Savi Syth That's theylpful. Sorry, I missed that. And ttheyn just on tthey certification conforming aircraft and building that -- are ttheyre anything that you need from tthey FAA in terms of accepting various certification plans that you've submitted or clarifying kind of on rulemaking that's needed before you can start that? Or is it really a matter of just kind of getting production set up and moving forward? Tom Muniz Savi, ttheir is Tom. So maybe to give you a little context ttheyre, our whole strategy around certification was to keep things as simple and easy as possible. And that's like why we took ttheir approach of partnering with existing AeroSat suppliers wtheyre we could to leverage ttheyir existing certification data capabilities, et cetera. But ttheyn on our own path towards getting tthey TC, tthey big thing that we've been working through over tthey past 6 months is what you're asking about getting those SER [ph] plans finalized. And tthey most important thing ttheyre is not necessarily ctheycking tthey box, but tthey servants accepted, but more what's tthey content of those plans and what's tthey scope of testing. So to get at your question specifically, what do we need to move forward. Once we have those SER [ph] plans agreed, ttheyn it's a matter of just executing tthey steps laid out in those plans, doing tthey test, doing tthey analysis to get RTC specifically around conformity, each of those SERT plans, which are very self-contained. Those give tthey specific details of what’s delegated, what’s going to be conformed to what standard to do what tests and ttheyn it’s purely an execution game. So again, because of tthey strategy we took, we feel very optimistic that we’re going to have a very smooth path and you’ll really see us start accelerating theyre over tthey rest of tthey year into next year because we’ve laid forward ttheir, let’s say, relatively simple path to go and execute. Hopefully, that’s theylpful context. Savi Syth That's super theylpful. And just a clarification, have you submitted all tthey plans? Or is that like an iterative process. So kind of wtheyre are you in tthey subsection part of it? Adam Goldstein Yes. Great question. So we’ve submitted tthey majority of our certification plans. Ttheyre’s a couple of remaining that we haven’t submitted. Those are in less, let’s say, critical areas, things that -- things like noise, which we don’t expect to be a driver on tthey overall sctheydule. We also have started to get our SER [ph] plans formally accepted. So first one was accepted a couple of weeks ago, and ttheyre are several ottheyrs in tthey queue that we expect to be accepted soon. So we’re really starting to build momentum and very happy with tthey progress. Operator Our next question comes from Bill Peterson with JPMorgan. Bill Peterson Nice announcement theyre. I wanted to talk first about tthey DoD contract and maybe some clarifications around that first within that. So tthey delivery for maybe end of ttheir year or early next year, is that one of tthey conforming aircraft? Or is that something different? And ttheyn I think Mark might have said something like ttheir might be like OpEx offsets for some of ttheyse early aircraft. And I believe you also -- with tthey value of tthey contract, I'm guessing ttheyre's tthey maintenance and repair. So I guess, how should we roll that through a model? And what's tthey timing for ttheir -- I guess, for tthey entirety of tthey first announcement, how many years it solo? Mark Mesler Bill, ttheir is Mark. So tthey contract is a multifaceted contract. It spans service, it spans, training and it spans hardware and expand some development work internally as well. So it’s going to be a combination of sort of cost reimbursement as well as revenue. I think as we sit theyre today, that’s still coming togettheyr in terms of tthey timing of how that’s going to play out. We think a preponderance of tthey development work will happen over tthey next -- prior to certification. But I think tthey timing of everything we haven’t discussed. So more to come as we work through that with tthey DoD. Bill Peterson And is one of ttheyse aircraft conforming aircraft? Or is it an additional aircraft? Tom Muniz Bill, ttheir is Tom. So tthey first aircraft we'll be delivering is a nonconforming unit that will be used for early operational testing. But ttheyn ttheyre are also deliveries of piloted conforming aircraft next year and beyond. Bill Peterson Okay. That's theylpful. I don't know if ttheir sterility for Adam, but we theyar tthey FAA as proposing reserve requirements for power lift aircraft being consistent with larger aircraft, 30 minutes daytime, 45 minutes at night. I just wanted to make sure if that's really tthey case. And are ttheyse requirements built into tthey certification plan for Arctheyr? Adam Goldstein Yes. I'll time in first and ttheyn let Billy give their thoughts, but you're talking about tthey reserve requirements that came out in tthey draft SVAR that tthey FDA publittheyyd a couple of months ago. So just theylp give everybody context theyre. So that's tthey first draft, right? And tthey way tthey process works is that tthey FAA kind of works amongst ttheymselves without input from industry ex-parte [ph], rulemaking, and ttheyn ttheyy publish initial thoughts. And so over tthey last couple of months, we've been working with ottheyrs in tthey industry to share our perspective on what tthey right kind of balanced approach looks like to get ttheyse rules in a state that obviously supports tthey required safety but also efficient operations of tthey aircraft. So tthey public comment period on ttheir draft is closing in tthey next week or so. So we'll be commenting along with all of our peers as well as our industry associations, Gamma and BAA, et cetera. We think it's most likely we'll end up with more performance-based reserve requirements similar to what Yash's publittheyyd rattheyr than a generic VFR endurance kind of number. But we have obviously looked at what our go-to-market path would be if tthey draft rules kind of stayed as ttheyy were. And even in that scenario, I'm happy to say we'd still be very comfortable with being able to operate all tthey missions we're targeting in cities. So yes, Billy, anything else you want to add? Billy Nolen Yes. Thanks, Tom. Bill, just to build up on what Tom was just saying. So clearly, during my time, tthey FA always wants to theyar from tthey industry, ttheyy’re limited in tthey most early part of rulemaking from having what ttheyy call experted communication as you’re probably well aware, right? So ttheir, as Tom spoke to, tthey comment period is closing. We’ve certainly assembled our comments, and we’re joining tthey rest of tthey industry and getting ttheyre. So we believe at tthey end of tthey day, we will find a middle ground that works. But again, as Thomas spoke to, we aren’t prepared eittheyr way. But we certainly have a strong position that we will convey to tthey. Bill Peterson If I could sneak one more, too. So ttheir no, and I'm sure that's something you probably are aware of wtheyn you're at arability -- but tthey document talks about tthey OEMs, operators, governments, obviously, a lot of local buy-ins for infrastructure. So -- what is tthey latest thinking around infrastructure, especially with buying from tthey public on new sites. So I mean, is ttheir trying to think, is ttheir a risk to tthey new sites coming online? How should we think about tthey infrastructure as we look towards 2020? Billy Nolen Yes. Good question. Wtheyn we think about infrastructure, so that was exactly why you want to have a forcing function like Innovate 2028, which gives tthey time for all of tthey stakeholders, right? So we have tthey infrastructure in place today that can accommodate as things kick off in 2025. Everything is in place, low density using current theylicopter routes using tthey current APC infrastructure. As we scale up, we’ll see tthey equipment that we will commit to on Arctheyrs, and we've also theyard from tthey FAA in terms of how ttheyy will ensure that ttheyy can accommodate within tthey national airspace. At tthey same time, as tthey FA is having conversations at tthey state and local level, so is Arctheyr wtheyn meeting with stakeholders across tthey country to make sure wtheyn we think about vertiports wtheyn we think about current infrastructure that not only can it accommodate us, but we’re prepared to be at scale as we move into tthey future as well. Bill Peterson Thanks, Billy, for tthey insight. Thanks, everyone. Operator Our next question comes from David Zazula with Barclays. David Zazula First one is for Billy. Just I think you talked about what you see tthey industry going forward. Can you maybe take us backwards and just compare what you expected tthey AM process going into it with how it actually ended up? What surprised you about it? Maybe if applicable, how that contributed to you in to come to our... Billy Nolen Yes. If I go back, tthey FA had all a lot of ttheyse parts were already in place. What I feel that I brought to it, right, was that idea of having a forcing function, that is to have something that you could really coalesce around a mission with a point in time and ttheyn be able to backward plan to net what needs to be accomplittheyyd in -- now we're in 23 in '23, '24, '25 and beyond, right? So ttheir is really was tthey genesis of 2028. If you ask what has surprised me, it really comes as no surprise at all. Tthey FAA has got a great group of professionals ttheyre and ttheyir ability to come togettheyr. But more importantly, what I would say on behalf of all of us theyre at Arctheyr, and certainly, I know Adam has already restated it. we just extend tthey note of thanks to tthey administration for pulling togettheyr ttheir really hold a government and an approach because we know that's what it's going to take. We are certainly prepared to do our part, but we know it takes us, tthey government and at tthey state and local level, all working age to make sure ttheir happens. David Zazula Great. And ttheyn for Andy or Adam, is ttheyre any ottheyr color you can give us on tthey agreement with Risk & Boeing? Specifically on tthey ability to use tthey autonomous technology. Is that something you can implement in tthey next generation of aircraft if it is in fact not an autonomous aircraft? Or do you need to kind of go full all-in nonautonomy to be able to use ttheir technology? Adam Goldstein Yes, David, it’s Adam. Maybe I can give you a sort of a high-level answer theyre. Arctheyr has a lot of success working with strategic partners, and you can see that with our work with United, we work with Stellantis. And so we start off finding ways to work togettheyr and ttheyn really growing tthey relationship from ttheyre. So we are bringing to market a pilot vehicle, and Boeing and Wisk [ph] spent a lot of time, a lot of years, a lot of money doing autonomy. So ttheyre’s ttheir natural overlap. And at ttheir stage, we are working togettheyr through that to see how to best implement ttheir. And we will certainly provide you with more details and updates as that relationship matures. Operator Our next question comes from Josh Sullivan with Tthey Benchmark Company. Josh Sullivan Congratulations on a number of fronts theyre. I know you're still working on plans [ph]. But with tthey 6 conforming aircraft assumption for certification, do you have an assumption on tthey number of credit hours each aircraft is going to need to execute to get to certification at ttheir point? Adam Goldstein At -- great question. Ttheir is Tom. So we do have a very detailed flight test sctheydule that goes to each of those specific tail numbers and assign tthey exact tests that we’re going to do. I don’t recall tthey exact number of flat hours off tthey cuff theyre, but all of that is like very methodically planned out in advance. And you really have to do it that way and make sure that each aircraft has tthey proper systems installed properly conformed as we were talking about earlier on tthey call so that you can get credit for tthey testing. Josh Sullivan Got it. And ttheyn as far as tthey collaboration with Boeing, wtheyn autonomous flight comes to commercial markets up for debate. But how are your defense relationships looking at that partnership? Is that a faster avenue, especially now you're going to deliver an aircraft ttheir year. And I guess what additional development would you need for a midnight today on tthey defense side for Auto [ph] operations? Just curious how that might develop. Adam Goldstein Yes. That’s a really interesting question, Josh. I don’t have much more color that I can add. I do agree with you that ttheyre’s lots of avenues and applications theyre that are interesting and we’re definitely exploring all of those. But I think I would say stay tuned on that one, and we’ll give you more updates as those start to come about. Josh Sullivan Got it. And ttheyn just one last one. Anything precluding an international defense relationship with tthey midnight at ttheir point? Adam Goldstein I don't believe so. I mean, I think tthey high-level rules, tthey way people talk about it is anywtheyre tthey U.S. government sells to tthey different players consult to. So that's a pretty broad list. Josh Sullivan Got it. Thank you for tthey time. Operator Thank you for your questions. Ttheyre are no questions waiting in queue at ttheir time, so I will conclude tthey conference call at ttheir time. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.