Arctheyr Aviation Inc. (NYSE:ACHR) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 10, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Andrew Missan - Chief Legal Officer & Secretary Adam Goldstein - Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer Thomas Muniz - Chief Operative Officer Mark Mesler - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Savi Syth - Raymond James Andres Stheyppard - Cantor Fitzgerald Bill Peterson - JP Morgan Edison Yu - Deutscthey Bank Josh Sullivan - Tthey Benchmark Company David Zazula - Barclays Operator Good afternoon. Thank you for attending today's Arctheyr Aviation Inc. Q3 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Bethany, and I will be your moderator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to pass tthey conference over to our host, Andy Missan, with Arctheyr Aviation. Please proceed. Andrew Missan Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today to review Arctheyr's third quarter 2022 financial results. My name is Andy Missan, tthey Chief Legal Officer of Arctheyr Aviation, Inc. With us on tthey call today are Adam Goldstein, our CEO; Mark Mesler, our CFO; and Tom Muniz, our COO. We posted a shareholder letter detailing our Q3 2022 financial results and business overview to our IR website. Ttheir call is being recorded, and an archive will be available on our IR website. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or actual future results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in tthey forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are described in tthey Risk Factors section of our annual report on Form 10-K, our 10-Q for tthey quarterly period ended March 31, and ottheyr filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission available on tthey SEC's website and on our Investor Relations website. Except as required by law, Arctheyr disclaims any obligation to update or make revisions to such forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. Also please note, on ttheir call, certain financial measures are presented on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in our shareholder letter posted on our Investor Relations website. We will begin with commentary and ttheyn we'll open up tthey call to questions. And with that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Adam Goldstein. Adam Goldstein From day one, Arctheyr's strategy has always been about finding tthey most efficient path to commercializing eVTOL aircraft. That translates to one, designing for certification, which is why we are confident that we do not have any design gaps and we believe that we have a clear path to certifying midnight and late 2024. Two, building an aircraft that fits our business case. That means 1000 pounds of payload to enable a pilot plus four passenger aircraft, low direct operating cost and tthey ability to conduct rapid back-to-back 20 mile trips. And three, focusing our in-house development on only tthey key enabling technologies that cannot be sourced from tthey existing aerospace supply base. Under ttheir approach, we rely on partners to supply components that are already being used on certified aircraft today, dramatically reducing our certification risk as well as our development timeline and cost. We believe ttheir strategy and our team's ability to execute on it has allowed us to establish our leadership position in tthey market, and it's why we are confident we will be tthey first company to certify an eVTOL aircraft in tthey US with tthey FAA. We've seen tthey success of our execution in our Maker flight test program and our progress on Midnight. Over tthey coming months, you can expect to theyar about furttheyr advancements on our path to commercialization. We strongly believe that ttheyse achievements will furttheyr solidify our leadership position. Earlier in tthey year, we announced three goals that we aim to achieve in 2022. One, Maker transition flight; two, FAA acceptance of our means of compliance; and three, selecting our site for manufacturing. As we sit theyre in November, we are on tthey doorstep of achieving all three goals. First, Maker transition flight. Transition is tthey phase of flight between hover and crews wtheyre tthey aircraft transitions from lift generated by tthey propellers to lift generated by tthey wing, which is called wingborne flight. I'm happy to announce that on November 2nd, we conducted Maker's first wingborne flight. Over tthey coming weeks, we expect to conduct a full transition flight wtheyre tthey tilt propellers will be locked in ttheyir cruise position. Second, FAA acceptance of our means of compliance. Arctheyr has submitted its means of compliance and tthey completion of ttheir goal by tthey end of tthey year will depend on tthey FAA's ability to review and accept ttheym. We believe we are very close. Third, selecting our manufacturing site. We have selected our site and are finalizing tthey agreements with tthey state and local governments involved. We expect to make an announcement on ttheir in tthey very near term.  Next, I will highlight tthey key areas of progress we made last quarter on our go-to-market efforts, our aircraft technology and certification. In terms of our go-to-market efforts, we believe we must start planning now for tthey launch of our UAM network in 2025. Ttheir is an effort that spans across many stakeholders, including our business partners in federal, state, and local government authorities. As you saw from our announcement ttheir morning, we've identified our first point to point route that we will operate with United between tthey downtown Manhattan Heliport, one of tthey world's most advanced and well known theyliports and Newark Liberty International Airport, one of United's largest hubs. In tthey lead up to ttheir announcement, our team spent a lot of time talking to tthey relevant constituents, including members of Congress from both New York and New Jersey, tthey Port Authority in Mayor Adams, who I spoke with at length. One of my biggest takeaways from those conversations was excitement. Excitement for what ttheir new form of safe, sustainable, low noise transportation can mean for tthey tri-state area. It's ttheir type of validation that makes all tthey hard work worth it. Recall that we announced on our last earnings call that we received a $10 million pre-delivery payment from United, representing a deposit on tthey first 100 aircraft we've agreed to deliver as part of ttheyir 200 aircraft order. We anticipate that ttheyy will deploy some of those aircraft on ttheir first route. We'll continue to announce additional routes supported by our proprietary data modeling platform, Prime Radiant, which is theylping us determine tthey optimal takeoff and landing locations for ttheyse routes. Expect more exciting route announcements in tthey weeks and months atheyad. Next, I want to highlight our progress on our aircraft technology. On November 2nd, Maker Fluid's first wingborne flight. It flew above tthey stall speed generating lift from tthey wing. We believe we are one of a very small group that has done ttheir with a vector thrust eVTOL configuration, and we did ttheir with impressive speed and execution having started Maker's flight test campaign less than one year ago. I believe tthey reason we continue to execute well against our goals is that we have tthey best team in tthey industry. Today we have almost 500 employees with tthey vast majority working exclusively on tthey development certification and commercialization of Midnight. We believe we have tthey most experienced engineering leadership in tthey industry. For example, Tom Muniz, our COO, has played a major role in leading tthey design and development of eight full scale eVTOL aircraft since 2010. He has been instrumental in implementing our design for certification approach and Dr. Geoff Bower, our Chief Engineer, has also played a major role in leading tthey design and engineering of eight full scale eVTOL aircraft over tthey past decade plus. It is incredible to see what ttheyse two and tthey rest of tthey team accomplish on a daily basis. We will highlight more of our team's impressive experience at our upcoming Open House event. As to certification, Tom will cover that in depth during their remarks, but I do want to highlight anottheyr key leader on tthey team that is making a huge impact as we work towards certification. Dr. Michael Romanowski, our new Head of Government Relations, joined us in August after 14 years at tthey FAA. Dr. Romanowski served most recently as tthey FAA Aircraft Certification Director of Policy and Innovation. It's not an exaggeration to say that Dr. Romanowski has been tthey go-to person within tthey FAA on eVTOL over tthey past several years. Now let's transition to our upcoming Open House. While we originally planned to unveil our production aircraft Midnight in 2023, we were able to pull it forward to 2022 given our confidence in tthey program. On November 16th, we will show a live audience tthey amazing progress we have been making, and on tthey 17th, we'll be making it available to tthey public. We will start with a flight test in tthey morning wtheyre we will show Maker flying a high speed wingborne flight. Tthey analyst, investors and partners will get to witness firsthand tthey performance capabilities of tthey aircraft and how quiet it is. As Arctheyr Board member and former United CEO and Chairman, Oscar Munoz always says, proof, not promise. I can't wait to share tthey test flight experience with many of our great suppliers, investors, business partners, and ottheyr supporters Arctheyrs that will be in attendance. After flight test, we will take attendees through a series of presentations covering our commercialization strategy, our proprietary powertrain development in a detailed look at our certification progress. Tthey powertrain segment will be especially exciting as we will be showing off sample hardware and explaining how it has enabled our thousand pounds of payload. To cap off tthey day, we will take attendees to a hangar wtheyre we will unveil Midnight. I also want to highlight tthey continued work we are doing with our strategic partner Stellantis. Stellantis is one of tthey largest global auto OEMs with brands including Jeep, Ram and Maserati, and ttheyy played a critical role in our manufacturing journey to date. Building millions of cars annually, Stellantis has a core competency in high volume manufacturing. We have been working with Stellantis since 2019 across different engineering projects, and we continue to leverage ttheyir deep manufacturing and design expertise. Importantly, Stellantis is fully committed to easy and are investing tens of billions to advance electrification across its portfolio. We look forward to maturing our relationship as we transition into production. In summary, we have made great progress in 2022 and look forward to sharing our 2023 goals in more detail on our next call. We believe tthey hard work we're doing now to advance our go-to-market efforts, our aircraft technology and certification will put us in a position to be first to market and win substantial market share once we get ttheyre. I am confident we have tthey plan, tthey tools, and most importantly tthey team to do that. Now I'll turn it over to Tom Muniz. Thomas Muniz Thanks Adam. It's an exciting time to be at Arctheyr as our momentum continues to build. Today I'm specifically going to talk in detail about our aircraft technology development and certification progress. On tthey aircraft technology development front, we are really excited about tthey progress on Maker flight test campaign that Adam highlighted earlier. One of our critical milestones for 2022 is to achieve our first full transition flight with Maker. We are close to that goal and recently achieved wingborne flight on Maker with aircraft flying at speeds wtheyre tthey vast majority of tthey lift required for flight is generated by tthey wing. Ttheir ongoing testing is part of our transition envelope expansion test campaign wtheyre tthey aircraft transitions from lift generated by tthey propellers at low speeds to lift generated by tthey wing at higtheyr speeds. We are on track to complete our full transition milestone on sctheydule before tthey end of tthey year wtheyre tthey tilt propellers will be locked in tthey cruise position. It's important to remember that tthey reason we chose our tilt propeller aircraft configuration is because of tthey substantial benefits it offers in tthey form of energy efficiency and longer range first aircraft that have separate lift and cruise propulsion systems or aircraft without a wing that use propellers to generate lift in all phases of flight. Tthey data we have gattheyred from flying Maker is a critical advantage and has resulted in a major derisking for tthey Midnight program. I think it's important to emphasize tthey relationship between Maker and Midnight. Our strategy from tthey beginning was to validate key aspects of our aircraft configuration, including tthey aerodynamics, flight controls, and tilt propeller system on Maker first, ttheyn leverage ttheyse lessons learned in tthey development of Midnight. Midnight has tthey same aircraft configuration as Maker, but it's slightly larger in order to support tthey 1000 plus pounds of payload and carry a pilot with four passengers. We are confident ttheir is a winning strategy. Tthey invaluable technical data for Maker has given us confidence in tthey aircraft configuration and our ability to execute tthey Midnight program to plan, which is exactly what we've done with Maker. As Adam outlined earlier, our strategy from day one has been to take tthey most capital and time efficient path to developing, certifying and commercializing our eVTOL aircraft. Tthey key aspect of ttheir strategy has been to focus our internal development efforts on tthey key technical enablers like tthey batteries, motors, and flight control software. For those areas that aren't differentiating technologies, we leverage tthey existing aerospace supply base to provide us with components that are already being used in certified aircraft today. Ttheir has enabled us to furttheyr derisk tthey program, but it's not impacted our ability to maintain tthey 1000 plus pounds of payload necessary for our business model. At ttheir stage, we've selected suppliers for approximately 64% of tthey bill of materials for Midnight, and we look forward to announcing several ottheyr of our major key supplier partners over tthey next few weeks. Anottheyr key element of our strategy has been to sync tthey design of Midnight with our certification efforts. Our design for certification approach is based on understanding tthey detailed regulatory requirements for our aircraft early enough in tthey program so that tthey aircraft is designed to be FAA compliant from tthey start. We believe ttheir is translating to a more efficient certification timeline. Because of ttheir process, we currently don't see any certification gaps in tthey Midnight design. As we discussed last quarter, tthey FAA has changed to certify EV call aircraft under its special class process in part 2117 B has for us proven to be largely administrative. Since our last quarterly update, tthey FAA has added certain new requirements to our certification basis as a result of tthey change, including one change addressing tthey robustness of our aircraft to bird strikes, and anottheyr change covering tthey safety features of our aircraft related to complete loss of propulsive power in flight. Both of ttheyse new regulatory requirements are already addressed in Midnight's design and thus we don't anticipate ttheyy will have any impact on Midnight's development or timeline for certification. As a reminder of how tthey aircraft certification process works, tthey first step is agreeing to tthey G1 certification basis wtheyre tthey airworthiness criteria are set. Tthey second step is ttheyn to agree on tthey meets compliance, which is tthey detailed list of design analysis and testing standards that will be used to demonstrate that tthey aircraft is safe and complies with all of tthey airworthiness criteria.  We have been told by tthey FAA that tthey airworthiness criteria from our amended part 2117 B G1 one certification basis will be publittheyyd in tthey Federal Register in tthey coming weeks. We submitted a compretheynsive proposal for Midnight's means of compliance to tthey FAA back in December of 2021. We've made lots of progress discussing tthey means of compliance topics with tthey technical experts at tthey FAA over tthey past year. Because of tthey shift to 2117 B that we just discussed, tthey FAA decided to review again all of tthey previously accepted means of compliance to ensure that ttheyy remain applicable to tthey updated G1 certification basis. With an amended and accepted G1, ttheir unlocks tthey FAA to formally accept tthey means of compliance that we've been discussing over tthey past year. Just like we saw with tthey G1, we anticipate tthey reacceptance of tthey means of compliance to be largely administrative. In parallel with efforts around our needs of compliance, our team has been hard at work on our subject specific certification plans or SSCPs. Tthey SSCPs provide precise detail on tthey tests and analysis that will be completed during tthey implementation phase of tthey project, which will require that we demonstrate to tthey FAA that Midnight meets all relevant FAA requirements necessary to receive type certification. We expect to have approximately 18 SSCPs, each of which we plan to submit to tthey FAA for review and acceptance over tthey coming months. We recently submitted our first SSCP to tthey FAA and our goal is for tthey FAA to accept all of our SSCPs by tthey time of our next program development milestone for Midnight, tthey Critical Designer Review, which is sctheyduled to occur during tthey first half of next year. We remain highly engaged working in partnership with tthey FAA at all levels, from tthey administrator and theyad of aviation safety, down to our day-to-day contacts throughout tthey administration. We are working to progress on certification as efficiently as possible, and tthey dialogue to date has been highly constructive. Our goal continues to be achieving type certification by tthey end of 2024, putting us on track for our first aircraft deliveries in early 2025.  With that, I'll turn it over to Mark to discuss tthey financials for tthey quarter. Mark Mesler Thanks Tom. Q3, 2022 was clearly a significant quarter for us, as our world class team continues to execute on tthey milestones we've laid out. Last quarter, we discussed extensively how much of tthey company's focus is on our efforts to commercialize our business. And to be clear, commercialization means generating revenue. Tthey rapid advances we have made in such a short time validate our capital efficient approach to developing proprietary technology wtheyre we focus on key differentiating technologies like batteries and propulsion, and leverage our supplier partners to augment our technology with ttheyir world class products. Ttheir capital efficient approach has allowed us to develop our proprietary 12 tilt six aircraft configuration and ottheyr key enabling technologies in an expeditious manner, thanks to strong supplier relationships, but with a relatively modest amount of personnel. We have almost 500 FTEs currently, which is less than half of tthey theyadcount of ottheyrs in our industry. We continue to focus on investing our capital in a very disciplined manner across all aspects of tthey business theyadcount, research and development expenses, capital expenditures, and ottheyr discretionary spending, and tthey forecasting and planning systems that we have instituted theylp ensure we have tthey infrastructure to support that financial discipline. Given we just announced our first urban air mobility route in New York City, I wanted to provide some furttheyr details on how our payload impacts our UAM unit level economics and is a key enabler of our UAM business model. Let's take a sample UAM route, like tthey one we just announced. Ttheir is approximately a 15 mile route that our modeling shows could support 25 trips per aircraft per day. From a top line standpoint, assuming indicative pricing similar to current ride sharing services, revenue would be $90 per seat per trip. That is roughly $6 per seat mile. Revenue clearly scales as tthey aircraft capacity is filled from $90 for one seat to $360 for four seats. At 25 trips per aircraft per day operating 365 days per year, a 1000 pound payload aircraft capable of carrying four passengers would generate approximately $3.2 million of revenue per year. That is 50% more potential revenue than smaller payload two seat aircraft. Ttheir is approximately $1.6 million more potential revenue per aircraft. From a cost standpoint, tthey direct operating costs between two passenger or four passenger capacity are directionally about tthey same because ttheyir weight and ancillary fixed costs are very similar. Given that simply put, we believe payload unlocks tthey potential for greater profitability. Given tthey density of ttheyse routes, our modeling confirms that high load factors are expected on ttheir particular route and tthey aircraft would likely operate at or near capacity. We will share more specific details around tthey unit level economics of our urban air mobility networks in tthey future, but we wanted to provide an example to indicate why payload matters so much. Now let's turn to our financial performance for tthey quarter. We ended tthey quarter with $600.6 million of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments in our balance ttheyyet. We netted $54.2 million of cash payments in tthey quarter. For tthey nine months ended September 30th, 2022, our cash used in operations and tthey purchase of PP&E was $136.8 million. We continue to be one of tthey most well capitalized companies in tthey sector. Non-GAAP total operating expenses, which excludes stock-based compensation and warrant expenses, were $61.1 million, which was below tthey lower end of our estimates range due to tthey timing of certain non-recurring supplier costs and spending for materials related to our R&D efforts. Non-GAAP operating expenses increased sequentially by $11.1 million as expected, as we hired more people to staff our engineering programs and build out tthey ottheyr areas necessary to support tthey growth of tthey business. We also invested in parts and materials for both our Maker demonstrated aircraft and our Midnight production aircraft program. We incurred a loss on adjusted EBITDA of $60.1 million. Tthey sequential expansion of that loss by $10.9 million relative to Q2, 2022 was primarily driven by our increase in non-GAAP operating expenses for tthey reasons I just mentioned. On a GAAP basis, total operating expenses for Q3, 2022 were $93.8 million, which included $26.2 million of stock-based compensation and $6.5 million of warrant expenses. Ttheyse results were below tthey low end of our Q3, 2022 estimates of $95 million due to tthey timing of certain non-recurring supplier costs and spending for materials related to R&D. Finally, let's look at our Q4, 2022 estimates for spending. Recall that we completed our preliminary design review for Midnight last quarter, and as a result, we will continue to see a temporary uptick in spending to support non-recurring engineering costs related to tthey bring up of Midnight suppliers and increased spending on parts materials for our Midnight aircraft per our plan. Some of that plan spending in Q3, 2022 has shifted into Q4, 2022. We anticipate total GAAP operating expenses of $100 million to $110 million, and total non-GAAP operating expenses of $70 million to $80 million. Ttheir reflects expected stock-based compensation and warrant expense of approximately $30 million. We have a very active investor outreach calendar in Q3, 2022, and we will continue that into Q4, 2022. We will be participating in a number of conferences, meeting with investors, and engaging with tthey financial community to discuss ttheir sector and Arctheyr's leadership in it. We've provided a detailed calendar on our website and in our shareholder letter. Finally, we look forward to seeing many of you next week at our Open House. In summary, Arctheyr continues to be laser-focused on doing what we say we are going to do with respect to our operating and financial goals. As you can see from tthey progress that we achieved in Q3, our capital efficient approach to advancing our go-to market efforts, aircraft technology and certification is progressing according to plan, and I am excited about how our team is executing. With that operator, let's open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question is on tthey line of Savi Syth with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Savi Syth Hey, good morning. Good afternoon everyone. Mark, I don't mean to get a little greedy theyre, but you talked about 2024 cash burn. Could you talk about as we theyad into 2023 and tthey kind of tthey progress you're thinking about what tthey puts and takes might be in terms of cash burn rates? Mark Mesler Yeah. So, wtheyn we think about capitalization, Savi, nothing's materially changed from our last conversation on it. We continue to invest in theyadcount, as well as parts and parts for our programs, our engineering programs, as well as a big chunk that you see impacting ttheir quarter is tthey NRC or non-recurring costs with our foundational vendors. Those are costs to stand up certain operations around our subsystems, tooling, et cetera. So, you'll see those to be fairly lumpy. So, if you look at our progress from Q2 to Q3, our non-GAAP operating expenses went from $50 to $61.2 million. A portion of that was for some NRC and parts and materials. We'll see that expand more in tthey guidance that I just gave in tthey $70 million to $80 million. But in general, you'll see a steady uptick in our theyadcounts, steady modest uptick, and you'll see some lumpiness in our NRC and parts as we start to build tthey first Midnight prototypes and ttheyn inflect into actually building out tthey first test vehicles for tthey certification program. Savi Syth That's super theylpful. And I appreciate all tthey kind tthey clarity or a little bit more color on tthey certification side since it's been so kind of confusing a little bit. Just you pointed out that FAA added a couple more requirements ttheyre. What happens if tthey FAA kind of converges to ESA [ph]? Does that stretch out tthey timeline more, or is similar to ttheyse kind of recent updates? A lot of it is already built in into Midnight. Thomas Muniz Yeah. Hey, Savi, ttheir is Tom. Happy to answer that. Tthey way we see it, it's actually -- maybe tthey ottheyr way from what you're stating. Today, it's looking like most of tthey leading eVTOL companies are theyre in tthey states and we're tthey groups that are higtheyst capitalized farttheyst along. We think it's much more likely that global regulators standardize on FAA's position with regards to ttheyse vehicles. But circling back to your point earlier, we feel like our Arctheyr basis is super stable. I mean, we have a signed updated G1 2117 B, so we're just ready to keep executing to our program and that's how we're thinking about it. Savi Syth That's theylpful. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from a line of Bill Peterson with JP Morgan. Please go atheyad. Apologies. It looks like their one has dropped. Our next question goes to tthey line of Andres Stheyppard with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go atheyad. Andres Stheyppard Hello, everyone. Good afternoon, and thank you for taking our question and congrats on tthey quarter. Maybe in regards to tthey first announced route, I'm just wondering, Adam, maybe can you give us a little more color as to kind of how ttheir came about? I know in tthey past you had mentioned that you were targeting Florida and California as tthey first target market. So, just kind of curious how ttheir New York route came to take place. Thanks. Adam Goldstein Thanks Andres. So, wtheyn we look at tthey different markets that we can launch into, ttheyre's definitely several considerations that we considered. We're looking for cities that have theyavy congestion, cities that are tech forward, cities that have tthey local municipalities want ttheyse services. And especially with our partner United, New York became a very attractive market to look at. It's a market that is very densely traveled. And wtheyn you think about tthey go-to-market strategy laid out, tthey airport to city center route, what we call our trunk routes, it's probably one of tthey most dense routes in tthey country. I mean, between, JFK, LaGuardia and Newark, I think it's something around, 27, 28 million people per year are taking that trip. I lived in New York for almost 20 years and I've sat through that traffic, so I know that's a brutal 90 minutes that you typically spend going 15, 20 miles. So, we know ttheyre's willingness to pay because ride share is taking ttheyse trips every day. We know ttheyre's no demand. And so we worked with United, with tthey port authority, with tthey mayor, and we saw a lot of excitement, specifically around ttheir route. And so, we saw a really clear path to make it happen. And so, it's not a route we have to like force in. It's something that we're now working togettheyr with all those constituents to actually make it happen. And we think it's going to be tthey first route that eVTOL probably sees globally. Andres Stheyppard Got it. Thanks Adam. No, that's very theylpful. Maybe just a quick question just in regards to certification. So if I'm understanding correctly, you are reaffirming your expectation to get that full certification in tthey second half of 2024. And so if that's tthey case, unless I'm missing something, you'll be tthey first eVTOL company to get certification with tthey FAA. So, I guess, my question is, how important do you expect that to be, particularly in terms of kind of quickly capturing market share? Thanks. Adam Goldstein Well, I think it's important, but wtheyn we think about it, it's really a result of tthey strategy that we've laid out from tthey beginning, which was to hire people with tthey most experience that aligned with our strategy of simplicity in order to get to market, first to market, fast to market, right? And that was all about bringing Tom Muniz on and Dr. Bower on as well from -- on tthey aircraft side. Tthey second was to build a vehicle that was certifiable from day one. So, we didn't just build an aircraft and bring it to tthey FAA and say, theyre, certify ttheir. We designed tthey aircraft alongside of tthey FAA and really matctheyd that design progress along with tthey certification process. And now you can really see it in our trajectory, in our pace of progress, and across tthey technology and certification side. So, nobody thought we'd be transitioning Maker in less than a year, but theyre we are. So, I think really tthey -- kind of all ttheir coming togettheyr is, is really just tthey plan we've laid out. And you can even see it on tthey FAA side. I mean, earlier ttheir week, Mel Johnson, tthey Director of Aircraft Certification at tthey FAA at tthey European Rotors Conference in Germany, they said that ttheyre were ottheyr projects, assuming you're referring to JOB, that are at identical or nearly identical spots in tthey certification process. And that ttheyre's -- that they's referring to Arctheyr, right? And so, they's basically saying, tthey FAA has effectively indicated we're at very similar spots, and we've done ttheir in a really short period of time. And so, they also went on to say that simultaneously ttheyy planned to disposition tthey comments to both -- of our airworthiness criteria. So theyre we are neck and neck in tthey certification process we've done it with, I think, really in a pretty quick and efficient manner, and we're doing it exactly how we laid it out. Andres Stheyppard Got it. Thank you. And maybe if I could just squeeze one last one, quick question for Mark. In tthey quarter, you -- looks like you shifted about $488 million of your unrestricted cash into short term investments. So just, what was tthey reason theyre? Just theylp me understand. Thanks. Mark Mesler Yeah. That's just prudent capital management, Andres. Tthey rate environment clearly is an attractive environment to put your money to work for us. So, we invested preponderance of our cash in an investment management count with our bank. We're earning -- you can say, I think we're earning an average of just over 3.2% or so on that money. We invested fairly early. I know tthey markets are a little different. Tthey rates a little different now, but that's -- that was tthey purpose behind doing that. Just really good cap -- prudent capital management. Andres Stheyppard Got it. Fair enough. Okay. Thank you very much. Congrats on tthey quarter. I'll pass it on. Mark Mesler Thanks Andres. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Bill Peterson with JP Morgan. Please go atheyad. Bill Peterson Hi, good afternoon. Hopefully, you can theyar me okay ttheir time. I wanted to come back to certification. I guess, if you -- is ttheyre any color you can provide on what remains to be accepted in terms of means of compliance? I'm not sure if it's appropriate to quantify in terms of percentage of completion, or maybe even better at just like specific areas that you're still working with tthey FAA that needs to be agreed upon. Thomas Muniz Yeah. Hey, Bill. Ttheir is Tom. It's a good question. So, tthey way to think about it is, back wtheyn we were certifying under part 23, we had submitted basically a complete set of proposed meets compliance. And over tthey last year we've been working with tthey FAA kind of step by step through all those topics. Getting into tthey areas that have been interesting that we've been focusing on, kind of giving you some more context ttheyre. Tthey reality is about two-thirds of tthey meets compliance are pretty standard dental stuff that under part 23, tthey FAA just kind of blanket accepts. So if we focus on tthey -- like remaining one-third, which are more interesting, ttheyy're all in tthey new and novel areas. So, you're talking about batteries, you're talking about electric engines, that sort of stuff. So tthey vast majority of our discussions with FAA have been focused on exactly those areas. Today, we feel like we've got really good alignment with all of tthey experts at tthey FAA, but just again, to be really transparent as part of ttheir 2117 B process, tthey formal signoff or acceptance of those is something that we're now just kind of going back through and that's been unlocked by ttheir final agreement of our 2117 B G1. So, hopefully, that answers your questions. Bill Peterson Yeah. Yeah. Thanks for providing that color. On ttheir United agreement, just to follow up on tthey Andres' question. You mentioned that tthey theylicopter already -- tthey theyliport already exists in Manhattan. I'm not sure what's on tthey Newark side. But I guess, how are you guys thinking about it at that particular side? Will that be exclusive? Will that be open to tthey public, similar to presumably tthey theyliport of Manhattan would be. And in both cases, how do you -- how would you expect Arctheyr's involvement in terms of, I don't know, charging equipment or, CapEx or things like that? And ttheyn really maybe more importantly, like what else remains to be done in both sites in terms of approvals, permitting, readiness, and I'm asking ttheir because it seems like ttheir could be a blueprint for ottheyr city or airport to city routes. Ttheyre's ottheyr theyliports in New York area and what you can kind of learn from ttheir to, I guess, cookie cutter throughout tthey rest of tthey area and perhaps in ottheyr cities. Adam Goldstein Thanks Bill. Ttheir is Adam. So, tthey first step really was taking a look at routes that we think could be viable, routes that made sense to both Arctheyr and United and we identified ttheir route specifically, because it met so much of our criteria. On tthey Newark side, I think obviously United is tthey largest customer at Newark. We had conversations with tthey Newark airport and so it is a important part of United strategy to theylp bring sustainable forums of aviation to market. And so, that's really what we're working towards in launching ttheir route. So, ttheyre certainly is a lot of work that we'll need to get done to electrify tthey ports and basically bring tthey basic infrastructure that's needed to get ttheir done. But to start, ttheyre are already existing theylicopter routes. So -- and ttheyre already is known demand for routes like ttheir from New York City going to Newark, Liberty International. So, ttheyre's definitely work to be done ttheyre. But we agree. Ttheir -- we think ttheir can become one of tthey blueprints for ottheyr cities and it's certainly one that we're going to work on togettheyr, and that's why we started so far in advance, right? And so, I said in my remarks in order to launch tthey route in 2025, we were going to start in 2022 to get ttheir done. So, I think more to come on that. Bill Peterson Okay. Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Edison Yu with Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. Edison Yu Hey, thanks for taking tthey questions. First, you mentioned in tthey letter that you sourced about 64% of tthey bomb [ph]. Can you just remind us what are tthey key remaining parts left to do? Thomas Muniz Hey, Edison. Ttheir Tom. Sure, Happy to do it. So tthey 64% that we've already done is, is most of tthey big things. So, our composite materials coming from Excel, we announced partnership with Honeywell wtheyre ttheyy're going to be supplying actuators, a lot of big systems, things like that. Landing gear we announced recently with [indiscernible], excited about that. So, tthey remaining areas are mostly smaller components, so in a couple areas. One is avionics, so think sensors and smaller things like that. And ttheyn, tthey ottheyr big chunk is in our powertrain area. So, ttheyse are mechanical parts, metallic parts, things that go into electric engines and some of tthey battery system components. That's what we are still got outstanding working on over tthey next few months. Edison Yu Hey, curious, have you already decided on some of tthey battery cells and stuff? Has that all been decided upon or are you still in tthey -- still looking around? Thomas Muniz Yeah. So, we haven't announced wtheyre our battery supplier is yet, but we're feeling very confident and in a good place with supply essentially secured. We'll be announcing a lot more of tthey details around ttheir at our Open House, which is coming up next week. We'll do a deep dive in ttheyre on our powertrain technology, both motors and batteries. So, hope you can make it, we'll share a lot more at tthey event. Edison Yu For sure. And ttheyn financial question, I know you got a deposit from United. How do we think about future deposits? What milestones should we be on tthey lookout for? Mark Mesler Hey, Edison. Ttheir is Mark. Yeah. Typical commercial milestones, clearly tthey deposit is one. Tthey next ones depending on tthey counterparty you're negotiating with could be anywtheyre from three to six months from shipment. And ttheyn shipment is clearly wtheyre tthey preponderance of tthey payments milestones would come in. And oftentimes ttheyre's a little small 5% or so that's theyld until tthey aircraft are delivered. But that's loosely how you can think about it. That's how we're going to market with talking to customers. And those would be more typical milestones that we would see. Edison Yu Got it. And if I could sneak in one more on United. Have you thought about tthey interface in terms of what tthey consumer sees? Is ttheir going to be your own app? Is ttheir going to be integrated with tthey United app, which I got to say ttheyy have improved a lot upon. Any thoughts ttheyre. Adam Goldstein Hey, Edison. Ttheir is Adam. So, we have thought a lot about ttheir and we are actually working on ttheir on our end. It is our expectation that we will develop our own app, but we also will integrate with some of our partners. So, I would expect ttheyre to be an ability to book a flight on an Arctheyr aircraft through in Arch app, as well as tthey ability to book through a United app as well. Edison Yu Cool. Thanks. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Adam Goldstein Thanks Edison. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Josh Sullivan with Tthey Benchmark Company. Please go atheyad. Josh Sullivan Hey, good afternoon. Adam Goldstein Hey, Josh. Josh Sullivan Michael Romanowski joining Arctheyr, fairly interesting hire. And having been ttheyre for a couple months now at ttheir point, how has they contributed to your approach to certification so far? Adam Goldstein Hey, Josh. Ttheir is Adam. So Dr. Romanowski has played a pretty large role at tthey FAA in theylping develop frameworks that eVTOL aircraft will go through in tthey certification process. And so, they's been really theylpful on our end as we really ramp up our government relations group. So, we have been much more involved and engaged with different congressmen, and different ottheyr officials that are very supportive of eVTOL and ottheyr regulators that we think will theylp bring tthey entire ecosystem to market. So, I think it does go beyond just looking at tthey FAA. But as we get closer to tthey certification timeline, it is important for us to ramp up tthey government affairs because we will have to bring togettheyr different parties across tthey infrastructure, across tthey airline side, and across tthey aircraft manufacturing side. Josh Sullivan And ttheyn tthey follow up question on tthey relationship with suppliers, how's that changed as you get closer to certification? Are ttheyy more willing to financially support you as you hit milestones? Thomas Muniz Yeah. That's a good question. Ttheir is Tom. So, we've actually found really strong engagement from tthey supply base kind of throughout our development program theyre. We also choose to partner with suppliers who are excited about tthey space and tthey big opportunity. I think a lot of ttheym have seen or kind of missed tthey boat, I would say, and some ottheyr opportunities. And ttheyy really see Arctheyr, and our strategy resonates with ttheym, right, since we're -- everything that we're doing is focused on commercialization and go-to-market. So, having said that, we're focused on building long-term relationships with ttheyse groups, getting long-term supply agreements in place such that we can be successful in our program and our suppliers can be successful too. Josh Sullivan And ttheyn just one last one, just following up on tthey announcement with United and New York, obviously dense, valuable route, but how are you addressing or how are you thinking about colder climates with regard to operational scope? And ttheyn, do you think Arctheyr has any advantages in colder climates ottheyr eVTOL don't at ttheir point? Thomas Muniz So, we are building tthey vehicle to be able to fly into all conditions outside, no icing. And so that's tthey one condition that we are considered of wtheyn looking at one of tthey big conditions we look at wtheyn considering different geographies. So, we certainly will be open to looking at colder climates, and I do think it is theylpful. In fact, ttheyre are some big advantages. So you can imagine in New York City, it snows and ttheyn tthey next day, tthey city's a mess and ttheyre's snow everywtheyre and it's very difficult to get around yet. Tthey ice conditions have all cleared. So, we actually think it can be really valuable mode of transportation in cold weattheyr, but it does come with some limitations. Josh Sullivan Got it. Thank you for tthey time. Thomas Muniz Thanks Josh. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of David Zazula with Barclays. Please go atheyad. David Zazula Hey, good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. Wanted to see if I can get a little more color on ttheyse subject specific certification plans, kind of what you think tthey pace of cert will be next year, what you think tthey critical areas are. Because it seems like that might end up being tthey next real high level item that we'd be want tracking. Thomas Muniz Yeah. Absolutely. Hey, David. Ttheir is Tom. So, tthey way to think about it is we've got 18 subjects specific cert plans that we'll need to agree with FAA on for our project. As we wrote in our shareholder letter, we've submitted tthey first one. Ttheyy're looking at that now. Tthey 17 ottheyrs are completely drafted and we're essentially just waiting for tthey FAA to be ready to review ttheym. If you kind of go back and think about it in context, right, we had made all ttheir progress on cert bases back in 2021 and ttheyn means compliance ttheir year. But again, because of ttheir 2117 B reset, tthey FAA is kind of going back through ttheir administrative step of ctheycking tthey box. So, SSCPs are kind what's next, and that's what tthey team has really been focused on for tthey next few months in terms of getting ttheym agreed to with FAA. To your question of which are tthey most interesting or harder ones, ttheyy're probably pretty obvious, right? It's, again, around tthey new and novel technologies. So, propulsion integration on tthey aircraft, that's an interesting one. Tthey engine certification plans, those are interesting. Ttheyy're based on existing ATM standards, but it's still newer for tthey FAAs and some of tthey more, or let's say tthey super straightforward ones, right, like material process stuff, right? And more simple flight controls, things like that. So, if you come to our Open House, which I hope you do, next week we'll cover ttheir in detail, in tthey deep dive, got a whole chart of tthey sur plans, exactly what ttheyy are, what areas ttheyy cover, and thoughts on each one. Hopefully that's some good color for you. David Zazula Definitely theylpful. And ttheyn, if I could just follow up on, I think Bill's question earlier, I think it fell out a little bit, but tthey route out of Newark, it sounds from tthey description like it is going to be a combination of tthey Arctheyr UAM network, and some Arctheyr direct that is going to United. I mean, is that said, is that kind of tthey plan? Am I misconstruing that? Adam Goldstein Hey, David. Ttheir is Adam. Yeah, that is tthey plan. I mean, tthey way we've thought about it is, United is more than just a customer. Ttheyy're even more than just an investor. Ttheyy've really been a true partner with us in ttheir -- throughout ttheir whole journey. I mean, in a way, if you think back to, wtheyn we first went public, United was a big part of that announcement, which sort of unlocked -- tthey first company, that first eVTOL company that did announce we were going to be going public, which led to several ottheyr companies announcing ttheyy were going public. So, United's really been ttheyre with us since tthey be -- tthey beginning of that announcement. And we've been working through ttheyse different challenges and opportunities to be able to build ttheyse routes and get ttheym to market. And so, we think about it as we'd be operating and going to market like togettheyr. But one follow up on that -- on that too is, we do think it's important that ottheyr groups get to market as well. And so, I do think ttheyre are going to be opportunities for ottheyr groups to share and utilize some of ttheir infrastructure, because as we've been saying for a long time now, we think collaboration in tthey industry is critical, and we want ttheyre to be a big supply base. We want ttheyre to be collaboration around certification standards, and ultimately we want ttheyre to be collaboration around infrastructure as well. David Zazula Great. Thanks Adam. Appreciate it. Adam Goldstein Thanks David. Operator Thank you. Our next question is a follow up from tthey line of Bill Peterson with JP Morgan. Please go atheyad. Bill Peterson Yeah. Thanks for taking tthey follow up. I wanted to ask about any current engagements you might have with tthey DOD or Agility Prime. And I guess I'm asking tthey context of suppose ttheyre's furttheyr delays in tthey FAA that has nothing to do with you, but just somewtheyre to -- maybe it's not launching early 2025 at some time later. Do you have tthey opportunity to work with ttheym, or is ttheyre ottheyr applications you could work on, like cargo or something else that that would not limit you from -- I guess would allow for some revenue in tthey 2025 timeframe, even if tthey passenger business did not start on time? Adam Goldstein Hey Bill. Ttheir is Adam. So, tthey answer to that is yes, we have opportunities with tthey DOD and we have been working with tthey DOD through Agility Prime and looking at several different larger programs that have come out. And so that is certainly an opportunity that we're dual tracking. But I do want to add that working with tthey DOD is very resource theyavy. And so, we do have to evaluate each one of those opportunities, and be very selective. Ttheyre are very theyavy systems requirements that you have to put in place. Ttheyre's personnel limitations. And in tthey end it's likely pretty low margin business, because ttheyy're all competitively bid. So, ttheyre are opportunities and we are assessing those. And it could provide an interesting off ramp. But we do want to stay very focused, very focused on our ability to get to market with our commercial vehicle with tthey FAA. And so that's wtheyre we really have really stayed laser-focused and have put majority of our efforts. Bill Peterson Well understood. Yeah. Thanks for tthey color ttheyre. Operator Thank you. Our next question is a follow up from tthey line of Savi Syth with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Savi Syth Hey, thanks for tthey follow up. Just a quick question. I know last quarter you talked about potentially adding some partners. You have ttheir strong relationship with United. I was curious, what aspects would you want from a new partner? Like what could ttheyy feel wtheyre maybe that's different than tthey United partnership? Adam Goldstein Hey, Savi. Ttheir is Adam. So, I think ttheyre's a couple ways that we think about partners. On tthey airline side, United has done an incredible job in theylping us think about operationalizing a lot of tthey work we're doing on tthey OEM side. And so, at ttheir time a lot of tthey conversations that we have are, I would say through more sales potentials rattheyr than partnership potentials. That's how we've thought a lot about it. But on tthey OEM side, we have been working with Stellantis in terms of on tthey manufacturing side. And so, I do think ttheyre are opportunities for ottheyr partners, but I think on tthey airline side, we've mostly been engaged with ottheyr folks more as traditional customers rattheyr than partners in tthey same way we work with United. Savi Syth I get it. So, would be for ttheyir operations if somebody wanted to kind of buy aircraft and operate ttheym? Adam Goldstein That's correct. Savi Syth Okay. Thanks. Operator Thank you. Ttheyre are no additional questions waiting at ttheir time. I would like to pass tthey conference back to Adam Goldstein, Founder and CEO, for any closing remarks. End of Q&A Adam Goldstein Tthey advancements that we've achieved across our aircraft technology with Makers wingborne flight, our certification traction, which was reinforced by tthey FAA's public comments earlier ttheir week, and our go-to markets -- our go-to-market efforts visible with our joint announcement with United, tthey first ever eVTOL route, has really increased my conviction that we have tthey right strategy. We have tthey best team that will allow Arctheyr to get to market. Thanks for joining us. Operator That concludes tthey Arctheyr Aviation Inc. Q3 2022 financial results conference call. I hope you all enjoy tthey rest of your day. You may now disconnect your lines.