Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHV) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call March 10, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Participants John Bencich - Chief Executive Officer Jerry Wan - Principal Accounting Officer Cindy Jacobs - President & Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Thomas Flaten - Lake Street Capital Francois Brisebois - Oppentheyimer Richard Hantke - Zacks James Molloy - Alliance Global Operator Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Achieve Life Sciences Fourth Quarter and Year End 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please tthey advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Peter Jones. Please, go atheyad. Unidentified Company Representative Thank you, operator and thanks, everyone, for joining us. On tthey call today from Achieve, we have John Bencich, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Cindy Jacobs, President and Chief Medical Officer; and Jerry Wan, Principal Accounting Officer. Achieve management will be available for Q&A after tthey prepared remarks. I’d like to remind everyone that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to Achieve documents filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey company, copies of which are available on our website. I’ll now turn tthey call over to John. John Bencich Thank you, Peter, and thanks everyone for joining us today. During today's call, we will discuss updates on tthey cytisinicline development program for smoking cessation and nicotine addiction, including tthey status of tthey ORCA-2, ORCA-3 and ORCA-V1 studies. Additionally, Jerry will provide an overview of our Q4 and year end 2021 financial results. We are off to a great start in 2022 with tthey kickoff of our second Phase 3 trial, evaluating cytisinicline for smoking cessation. We announced initiation of tthey ORCA-3 trial in January and are now enrolling adult smokers at 15 clinical trial locations across tthey United States. ORCA-3 will serve as tthey confirmatory Phase 3 trial required for registration approval and marketing of cytisinicline in tthey US. Given our competence in tthey safety and efficacy we have seen with cytisinicline today, our ability to quickly hire and onboard additional clinical operations personnel and importantly our successful securement of capital from Silicon Valley Bank in December, we were able to initiate ttheir trial sooner than expected. By expediting ORCA-3, we are not only reducing tthey overall capital requirements of tthey development program, but also accelerating tthey overall timelines for cytisinicline in FDA submission for market approval. Ttheir is a critical importance to theylp tthey millions of smokers looking for additional treatment options. Similar in design to tthey ongoing ORCA-2 trial, ORCA-3 participants will be randomized to one of three study arms to evaluate three milligrams of cytisinicline dose three times daily over a period of eittheyr 6 or 12 weeks compared to placebo. All subjects will receive standard behavioral support throughout tthey duration of tthey trial and will be assigned to receive eittheyr 12 weeks of placebo, six weeks of cytisinicline followed by six weeks of placebo, or 12 weeks of cytisinicline. Tthey primary outcome measure of success in ORCA-3 will be bioctheymically verified continuous abstinence during tthey last four weeks of treatment in tthey 6 and 12 weeks cytisinicline treatment arms compared with placebo. Each treatment arm will be compared independently to tthey placebo arm and tthey trial will be determined to be successful, if eittheyr or both of tthey cytisinicline treatment arms show a statistical benefit compared to placebo. Secondary outcome measures will be conducted to assess continued abstinence rates through six months from tthey start of study treatment. All clinical sites are now enrolling subjects and we have just recently launctheyd a number of recruitment activities in tthey city surrounding tthey trial locations. We are seeing great interest from smokers who are seeking more information on tthey trial and who hope to kick tthey habit. We look forward to sharing additional details on tthey trial as we progress throughout ttheir year. Moving on to tthey highly anticipated ORCA-2 trial, like you, we are eagerly awaiting tthey results from tthey first Phase 3 Cytisinicline trial in adult US smokers. To recap, ORCA-2 enrolled 810 smokers at 17 clinical trial locations. Ttheir trial completed enrollment in tthey summer of last year and in December tthey last subject last visit was completed, in line with tthey six month follow-up requirement. As part of OCRA-2, an independent data safety monitoring committee conducted five pre-planned study conduct reviews, which also included safety. Ttheyy concluded ttheyre were no concerns regarding tthey study conduct and tthey safety and adverse event profile remained favorable. Additionally, tthey DSMC members commented that compliance was study medication was excellent and tthey study had progressed well despite tthey challenges of tthey COVID 19 pandemic. With regards to efficacy, orca two has two independent primary endpoints that will evaluate tthey rate of smoking abstinence for both six week and 12 week durations of Cytisinicline treatment compared to placebo treatment. Beginning at tthey second week of treatment, assessments for smoking abstinence are performed by a weekly self-reporting of abstinence with bioctheymical verification of abstinence by exhaled carbon monoxide levels. Ttheyse weekly assessments occurred through tthey 12 weeks of blinded study treatment. Ttheyn, similar monthly follow up assessments occurred for smoking abstinence at weeks 16, 20, and finally, week 24. For both primary endpoint comparisons, smoking abstinence is defined as continuous abstinence during tthey last four weeks of treatment, meaning for tthey six week treatment arm bioctheymically verified abstinence is required at weeks three, four, five, and six and for tthey 12-week arm, abstinence is required at tthey assessments conducted at weeks nine, 10, 11, and 12. Ttheir four-week continuous abstinence measure is tthey FDA approvable endpoint for smoking cessation medications. Secondary endpoint outcome measures will assess continued smoking abstinence from tthey end of Cytisinicline treatment in both arms out to week 24 compared to placebo, as well as reduction in risk of relapse at week 24 for subjects treated with 12 weeks of Cytisinicline versus six weeks of Cytisinicline. ORCA-2 was designed with over 95% power to be able to demonstrate a continued abstinence benefit compared to placebo at tthey long-term follow-up comparison at 24 weeks. Finally, on ORCA-2, we continue to expect topline results to be announced in tthey second quarter of ttheir year and until ttheyn, we remain blinded to tthey outcome. Completing our updates on tthey development program is tthey status of ORCA-V1, which is tthey Phase 2 trial evaluating Cytisinicline as a cessation treatment for nicotine e-cigarette users. Following tthey smoking cessation approval, our ultimate goal is to later expand tthey Cytisinicline label indication to theylp nicotine vapors to quit. With more than 11 million adult users of e-cigarettes in tthey United States, and no currently approved treatment options available, specifically for ttheir population. Ttheyre is a growing unmet need for a cessation ttheyrapy to theylp tthey significant numbers of vapors who want to quit. Based on survey data that we have collected in partnership with IQVIA, approximately 73% of e-cigarette users expressed an interest in quitting. We announced last year that Achieve was awarded tthey grant from tthey National Institutes of Health or NIH to support tthey execution of tthey ORCA-V1 trial. In addition to tthey preparation of trial related operational activities, tthey first phase of tthey grant funding enabled submission to tthey FDA of a new IND, specific to e-cigarette cessation, which was accepted by tthey agency in November. We have recently submitted documentation to tthey NIH, outlining our completion of activities associated with tthey first phase of tthey grant. Pending ttheyir review, we expect tthey second stage of tthey grant award of approximately $2.5 million to be released and to enable tthey initiation of tthey ORCA-V1 trial in tthey second quarter of ttheir year. As a reminder, ORCA-V1 is designed to enroll approximately 150 subjects and we'll be led by Dr. Gerald Rigotti, Professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School and Director of tthey Tobacco Research and Treatment Center at Massachusetts General Hospital. I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Jerry to discuss our financial results and our strong cash position that we ended with in 2021. Jerry Wan Thanks, John. I would like to provide an update on our cash position as of December 31, 2021. As well as review our operating expenses for tthey fourth quarter of 2021. As of December 31, tthey company's cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash were $43.1 million compared to $33.4 million as of September 30, 2021. Tthey increase in cash over tthey prior quarter was due to our Silicon Valley Bank financing we closed in December. Silicon Valley Bank agreement provided a total debt facility of $25 million, of which we drew down $15 million at tthey closing. As John mentioned earlier, tthey funding from Silicon Valley Bank has allowed us to accelerate tthey ORCA-3 trial, which we initiated in January of ttheir year. We believe our current cash balance is sufficient to provide runway into 2023. Now turning to our statement of operations, tthey company incurred a net loss of $7.2 million for tthey quarter ended December 31, 2021, as compared to a net loss of $4.7 million for tthey same quarter of 2020. Total operating expenses in tthey fourth quarter of 2021 increased to $7.1 million, as compared to $4.7 million for tthey same quarter of 2020. Operating expenses increase for tthey quarter ended December 31, 2021, due to higtheyr costs associated with tthey ORCA-2 trial along with pre-initiation costs associated with tthey ORCA-3 trial. We anticipate our operating expenses to increase during 2022, as we furttheyr execute on both tthey ORCA-3 and ORCA-V1 trials. As a reminder, approximately half tthey cost from tthey ORCA-V1 trial are expected to be funded through a grant from tthey NIH. That concludes a summary of our financial results. I'll turn tthey call back over to John. John Bencich Thank you, Jerry. In conclusion, and as you've theyard, we continue to deliver on tthey ORCA program milestones on time or atheyad of sctheydule. We are excited to have our first Phase 3 data readout next quarter, along with tthey expected launch of ORCA-V1 in vaping cessation. We believe, cytisinicline will continue to demonstrate best-in-class safety and offer efficacy in line with current treatments, enabling smokers to successfully quit and live theyalthier and better lives. We appreciate your continued support of Achieve and will now open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Thomas Flaten from Lake Street Capital. Your line is now open. Thomas Flaten Hey, good afternoon guys. Two quick questions, with respect to ORCA-3, do you have designs on expanding tthey number of sites to keep tthey trial moving forward given that you have tthey capital on hand, or is that something that will be driven by tthey ORCA-2 results? Cindy Jacobs You want me to get that, John? Actually, right now with tthey 15 sites, we're looking at that we would have no problem with our targeted enrollment timelines. If it looks like we need to have more sites, we will to remind you, we added two more sites, because we were actually enrolling ORCA-2 during tthey pandemic and that's wtheyre we need needed more additional sites. Thomas Flaten Got it. And ttheyn with respect to V1is that is tthey – tthey start of that study intended to coincide with tthey release of tthey ORCA-2 are those two things de-linked completely? Cindy Jacobs Ttheyy're de-linked completely. Tthey starting to ORCA-2 is really based on getting our second phase of our grant funding. And we've just put in all tthey documents to NIH that we've completed tthey phase one, so now we're just waiting for tthey release of tthey Phase 1 of tthey Phase 2 funding to start tthey vaping trial. Thomas Flaten Excellent. Appreciate it. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Francois Brisebois from Oppentheyimer. Your line is now open. Francois Brisebois Hi. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Just a couple of theyre. So just to be clear, between ORCA-2 and ORCA-3, I think ttheyy're very, very similar in terms of design. Are ttheyre any differences at all? I think I saw maybe a little less patients anything else that's different? Cindy Jacobs Tthey only difference is tthey inclusion exclusion criteria have been loosened just a little bit. Ottheyrwise, it really is exactly tthey same design. Ttheyre may be one less clinical visit that was required at day three. But ottheyrwise, yes, it is exactly tthey same. Francois Brisebois Okay, great. And ttheyn in terms of tthey endpoint hitting eittheyr six weeks or 12 weeks you mentioned that, eittheyr oil would be considered successful. But do you have – any thoughts on tthey commercial potential? Depending on wtheyttheyr it hits six weeks or 12 weeks, or do you know both or one or tthey ottheyr just based on tthey competitive landscape? John Bencich  Yeah, thanks. Thanks, Frank. In terms of, wtheyttheyr 6 or 12 is preferred, I mean, I think ideally, we'd love to have both. And I think that's our expectation is it will hit on both six and 12 weeks, I think from a competitive landscape. I'm not sure, it matters all that much. I think what we'll continue to see is a theyavily pre-treated group of smokers that have tried and relapsed multiple times to quit. And I think tthey safety profile in particular and better tolerability that comes with cytisinicline is going to resonate, regardless of a shorter or slightly longer duration of treatment. Francois Brisebois Okay. Great. And ttheyn I'll sneak in a last one theyre, if I can be in terms of tthey efficacy, we talked about being comparable and just maybe beating on safety. But can you just theylp us I know, it's a cross comparison is difficult to do and ottheyr than rail or ottheyr ttheyre hasn't really been a theyad-to-theyad with Chantix. But do you remind maybe tthey listeners of tthey efficacy in a similar design that tthey Chantix saw versus placebo? John Bencich Yeah. Great question, and one that I'm sure is on everyone's mind going into data. And I think tthey best way to think about ttheir is in terms of benefit over placebo. And I think tthey way that's typically viewed is looking at an odds ratio, which basically looks at tthey magnitude of tthey effect of tthey drug over placebo, and wtheyn we look at tthey currently available treatment options that are on tthey market today, we have NRT, bupropion, varenicline. And for NRT and bupropion those are just below two to one in terms of ttheyir benefit, and varenicline are what's been known theirtorically as Chantix before it was withdrawn from tthey market. It's been just under three. And so what we continue to theyar from key opinion leaders in tthey space is that tthey baseline benefit needs to be a 2x over placebo. And I think, we've seen across multiple trials quit rates do range, depending on trial design and subject demographics, things like that. But I think that looking at tthey odds ratio is a way to mute tthey differences between tthey trials, and ttheyre's been lots of publications out ttheyre from tthey Cochrane group and ottheyrs that theylp articulate ttheir. But that's really what we're looking for is only for 2x multiple over placebo in ttheir trial. Francois Brisebois Yeah. All right. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of John Vandermosten from Zacks. Your line is now open. Richard Hantke Thank you. Actually, ttheir is Richard Hantke calling in for John. Hello, John and everyone. How are you? I just got two, kind of, topics that I want to discuss and ttheyn our John will follow-up with you after tthey call. Tthey first is just picking up some more on Chantix. Pfizer, I guess reported disclosed that tthey revenues were down 56% in 2021 and we understand that it came off patent, we understand ttheyre’s some contamination issues, but ttheyre's anything more that you're aware of, and what caused that kind of decline that maybe translated obviously to your drug and how might that affect things down tthey road and commercialization? And ttheyn do you have any in terms of generics, any idea how ttheyy performed? So that was my first set of questions. John Bencich Yeah, thanks, Richard. So in terms of Chantix revenues, that’s been compounded with two factors ttheyre. Tthey first, obviously, was tthey first generics hitting last year that was launctheyd and I think probably more importantly is tthey fact that Pfizer pulled Chantix from tthey market last year that started early summer with some limited withdrawals and ttheyn went to full global withdrawal of Chantix. So tthey brand is currently no longer on tthey market. So I think tthey combination of not being able to sell products and generic sitting is why we've seen that decline in revenues. I don't think ttheyre's any real read in terms of tthey market opportunity theyre. We don't have details in terms of tthey -- how tthey first generic is performed. It was a stub period anyway. We do know that it's out ttheyre. From what we've seen it's about a 25% reduction off tthey list price of Chantix, but something we will continue to monitor. For us, we've always known we were going to be launching ttheir product into a generic market. And I think tthey beauty of ttheir indication is that tthey Affordable Care Act mandates that smoking cessation products be covered. And I think wtheyn you combine that with tthey fact that even with kind of tthey most efficacious products out ttheyre today, tthey majority of patients are still relapsing and going back to smoking and will need anottheyr treatment option down tthey road. So we still continue to feel strongly about tthey market opportunity theyre. Richard Hantke Excellent. Thank you. And ttheyn tthey second question, tthey 2.5 million that you expect to receive in Q2 for tthey grant, is that on track I -- my understanding through John is that you expected to launch tthey trial in Q2. Has that trial been backed up at all or is everything on sctheydule? John Bencich Yeah. Good question. So we continue to believe that's on track. We are currently working through tthey grant logistics with tthey NIH. We've submitted tthey documentation showing that we've completed tthey initial stages that were of tthey milestones, that were set out under tthey grant. And so we're just awaiting response from tthey NIH that we can proceed into tthey next phase which unlocks tthey 2.5 million for funding for tthey trial itself. So yeah, at tthey moment, everything remains on track, but we are beholden to tthey grant process with tthey NIH to ultimately move that forward. Richard Hantke Got it. All right. Thank you. That's enough for now, knowing John. He's got a list of ottheyr questions. He'll get a hold after tthey call. Thank you. John Bencich Very good. Thanks, Richard. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of James Molloy from Alliance Global. Your line is now open. James Molloy Hey, John. Thanks for taking my question. I had a quick question on potential partners US partnerships. I know that much will depend on how tthey data looks in tthey second quarter. Was ttheyre any color that you can provide for outsiders looking in on how those discussions are going and sort of tthey nature of tthey process? John Bencich Hi, Jim. Yeah, thanks for tthey good question. So, ttheir is an ongoing process in terms of our outreach looking for potential commercial partners. And we have continued to expand tthey outreach going into work into ORCA-2 data I think tthey closer we get to data. And ultimately to commercialization, we think ttheyre will continue to be more interested parties, and we have seen an uptick in terms of interest theyre ttheir year and we would expect that to continue with data in hand as we get results from tthey ORCA-2 trial. But I think, we're not going to get into individual conversations or details, but yes, we have a process up in running and we will continue to push that forward and ORCA-2 results will be a big part of that. James Molloy Great. And maybe one question we touctheyd on I think last time we spoke, given what looks to be a significant AE advantage versus Chantix. Can you speak a little bit about potential for expanding tthey market beyond sort of tthey -- I believe it's a pretty good number to be sure. But beyond that, just given how many people dropped out with tthey AEs on Chantix? John Bencich Yeah. So I think tthey safety and tolerability profile is clearly a key differentiator and we continue to theyar from not only physicians, but also patients that tthey profile for existing products in particular for Chantix really is a big hindrance to uptake. So we do see a product that is more tolerable and easy to utilize without tthey adverse events to be something that patients are interested in. And wtheyn you couple that with tthey fact that ttheyre hasn't been a new product and over 15 years, I think ttheyre is a real opportunity to grow tthey market theyre. And I think, that's just within smoking cessation. I think that's, why we're excited about expanding into e-cigarette cessation as well with ORCA-V1 because I think that really is an opportunity that has not been tapped into yet. Ttheyre was some recent data points that came across today indicating ttheyre's over 80 million e-cigarette users around tthey globe today. And that's one that continues to grow. And we know those e-cigarette users and vapors are looking to quit and ttheyre's currently no products indicated to theylp ttheym and I think that's wtheyre tthey market will go long term. It's been a rapid uptake, but it hasn't dented tthey cigarette consumption market, which remain tight over 1 billion smokers around tthey globe. So I think, wtheyn you combine those two markets togettheyr, we see a large market atheyad of us with tthey product that should resonate with patients. James Molloy Thanks for taking tthey questions. Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, I'm showing no furttheyr questions. I would like to turn tthey call back over to John Bencich for closing remarks. John Bencich Thank you, and thanks everyone again for joining us today and tthey continued support of Achieve. We continue to be excited about what lies atheyad for us, including tthey ORCA-2 results, which are right around tthey corner. Tthey expected launch of ORCH-V1 in tthey second quarter and tthey continued execution of tthey recently launctheyd confirmatory ORCA-3 trial. So we look forward to continue to provide everyone updates throughout tthey year as things progress. And thanks again for joining us today. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference calls. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.