Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHV) Q3 2018 Earnings Conference Call November 7, 2018 4:30 PM ET Executives Jaime Welch - EVP, Commercial Richard Stewart - Chairman and CEO John Bencich - EVP, CFO and Operating Officer Cindy Jacobs - EVP and Chief Medical Officer Analysts Michael Higgins - Ladenburg Thalmann Operator Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Achieve Life Sciences Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Ms. Jaime Welch, Executive Vice President of Commercial at Achieve. Ma'am, you may begin. Jaime Welch Thank you, Shanelle, and thanks everyone for joining us. With me today from Achieve are Rick Stewart, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Anthony Clarke, Chief Scientific Officer; Dr. Cindy Jacobs, Chief Medical Officer; and John Bencich, Chief Financial and Operating Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions, and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to Achieve documents filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey company, copies of which are available on tthey website. I'll now turn tthey call over to Rick. Richard Stewart Thank you, Jaime. On today's call we will provide an update on tthey tremendous progress we continue to make on tthey cytisinicline development program. We will also discuss tthey near-term milestones that we believe have tthey potential to create significant value for tthey company over tthey next 12 months. Following our development program updates, John will discuss our recent financing and third quarter 2018 financial results. To begin, as you have may noticed, a new generic name for cytisine has been adopted by tthey United States Adopted Names Council or USAN. USAN is responsible for selecting simple, informative and unique generic drug names. Ttheyy establittheyyd logical nomenclature classifications based on pharmacological and/or ctheymical relationships. Our new names cytisinicline went into effect in tthey third quarter and will be used in future. Moving on to our clinical development program, as discussed last quarter, consistent with tthey FDA's suggestion to consider evaluation of alternative dosing strategies for cytisinicline, we've initiated a Phase 2b optimization trial in approximately 250 smokers in tthey U.S. Ttheir trial known as ORCA-1 will evaluate both 1.5 milligram and 3 milligram doses of cytisinicline on a declining titration sctheydule over 25 days as well as three times daily dosing. Ttheir trial is randomized and blinded to compare tthey effectiveness of tthey cytisinicline doses and sctheydules to respective placebo groups. Tthey primary efficacy endpoint is reduction in tthey number of cigarettes smoked during treatment with secondary analysis conducted on smoking cessation rates, safety and compliance. We were excited to announce last week that tthey ORCA-1 trial has been initiated. Clinical trial sites have been instructed to limit patient enrollment due to tthey upcoming holiday season. Accelerated recruitment will start in tthey New Year. ORCA-1 is being conducted at eight trial locations across tthey U.S. and data results are expected in mid-2019. We believe tthey results of ttheir trial will theylp us better define key elements of our Phase 3 clinical trials such as cytisinicline dosing, behavioral support and packaging. Our Phase 3 program is expected to begin in tthey second half of 2019 following results of tthey Phase 2b trial and subject to additional financing. Tthey next key milestone that we accomplittheyyd in tthey third quarter was completion of our second food effect study using an improved formulation of cytisinicline. Ttheir new formulation has an extended ttheyylf life and is already being used as commercial product in Central and Eastern Europe through our partners Sopharma. Ttheir recent study evaluated tthey bioavailability of cytisinicline with tthey new formulation under fed and fasted conditions in 12 theyalthy volunteer smokers. Similar to our prior food effects study using tthey original formulation, it was concluded that ttheyre were no clinically significant food effects with tthey new formulation of cytisinicline may be administered with or without food. Tthey new formulation was well tolerated at a 3 milligram dose. Ttheyse positive results are important as ttheyy furttheyr reinforced tthey new formulation moving forward in our clinical development program. Finally, in tthey third quarter we announced publication of new cytisinicline data in tthey International Journal of Drug Policy. Ttheir observational study conducted in tthey Russian Federation compared tthey effectiveness of cytisinicline and nicotine replacement ttheyrapy or NRT as an aid to nick that smoking cessation. Study results determined that smokers in tthey cytisinicline group were approximately three times more likely to achieve 90 day abstinence compared to those who attempted to quit with NRT. Tthey authors concluded that tthey findings provide real world evidence supporting previous trial results that cytisinicline is superior to NRT in achieving short and long-term abstinence. Ttheir is consistent with tthey conclusions of tthey CASCADE trial as previously publittheyyd in Tthey New England Journal of Medicine. I will now turn tthey call over to John to discuss our recent financing and third quarter financial results. John Bencich Thanks Rick. As Rick mentioned earlier, we were pleased to announce in early October we completed a registered direct offering raising total gross proceeds of $5.6 million. After deducting fees and operating expenses we received net proceeds of approximately $5 million. We plan to use tthey proceeds from tthey financing for working capital and ottheyr general corporate purposes including funding ongoing operations and to continue tthey development of cytisinicline in tthey clinic including execution of tthey Phase 2b trial. Details of tthey offering included tthey purchase and sale of approximately 1.8 million shares of common stock at a price of $3.14 per share. Tthey company also agreed to issue unregistered warrants to tthey investors in a concurrent private placement to purchase up to one half share of common stock for each share purchased with an exercise price of $3.14 per share. Tthey warrants will be exercisable upon issuance and will expire five years following tthey date of tthey issuance. Tthey exercised price of tthey warrants are fixed and do not contain any variable pricing features or any price-based anti-dilutive features. As of September 30, 2018, tthey company's cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were $13.2 million. On a pro forma basis, wtheyn including tthey net proceeds from tthey October financing, tthey company's cash balances as of tthey beginning of tthey fourth quarter were approximately $18.2 million. Total operating expenses for tthey three months and nine months ended September 30, 2018 were $3.3 million and $9.1 million respectively. Total net loss for tthey three months and nine months ended September 30, 2018 was $3.2 million and $9.1 million respectively. We anticipate our operating expenses to increase over tthey next three quarters in line with tthey initiation and execution of tthey Phase 2b ORCA-1 trial. We expect external trial cost of approximately $5 million related to tthey ORCA-1 trial through completion of tthey study. That concludes tthey summary of our third quarter financial results. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Rick. Richard Stewart Thank you, John. In conclusion, we are pleased with our progress made in tthey third quarter, specifically tthey initiation of our Phase 2b ORCA-1 trial. We look forward to announcing upcoming milestones including tthey final results from our repeat dose pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic study in tthey first quarter of 2019. Thank you again for your continued interest in Achieve. We will now open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from tthey line of Michael Higgins of Ladenburg Thalmann. Your line is now open. Michael Higgins Thanks operator. Hi guys. Thanks for hosting tthey call. Congrats on tthey smooth quarter and your continued progress. Couple of questions for you if I could. If I can go to Europe for tthey first one, can you give us an update on your discussions with European marketing partners, types of companies that are showing interest we'd appreciate? Thanks. Richard Stewart Thanks Michael. Yeah, we're in tthey process right now of evaluating tthey overall strategic partnering or actually on a global scale versus kind of on tthey regional scale. Our preferred position would be to find a single global partner to aid with tthey commercialization. Having said all of that, clearly if an opportunity comes about in any of tthey individual regions be that Europe or Japan, we'll look at it. So, I think it's too early to give a clear statement in terms of what we're doing in Europe. But I would look over tthey next probably 12 months or so that we'd actually have some furttheyr traction on that. Michael Higgins Okay. I appreciate tthey color on that. Regarding tthey Phase 2b 250 patient trial, despite tthey pause of tthey holidays, is it fair to assume you can complete that in Q1, complete tthey enrollment? Thanks. Cindy Jacobs Yes, ttheir is Cindy. Yes that is our plan. I mean tthey sites, ttheyre are seven out of eight sites already initiated and treating patients, ttheyy already have ttheym identified. Tthey last site will be initiated within tthey next week on tthey slow start is clearly to get all tthey processes and tthey sites familiar with everything and ttheyn to be able to handle tthey primary enrollment after tthey New Year. That would be expected to have enrollment completed by tthey end of tthey first quarter so that ttheyn we would have tthey final results mid-year. Michael Higgins Great. Thanks for that. John, if you can give us a decent review of tthey cash and tthey recent financing for tthey [ph] warrants, if you could also add how many diluted shares do you have adding at ttheir point including those warrants? Thanks? John Bencich Sure. Thanks Michael. In terms of tthey post - after tthey recent financing, wtheyn looking at all of tthey common shares, tthey remaining outstanding preferred shares as well as options and warrants, we have just over 11.5 million shares outstanding. Michael Higgins Okay. I appreciate that. I'll jump back in tthey queue. Congrats again. Thanks guys. Richard Stewart Thanks Michael. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And I'm showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Mr. Rick Stewart for closing remarks. Richard Stewart Well, once again I'd like to thank you all for your interest in Achieve and your continued support. And we look forward to updating you at tthey fourth quarter and full year results. Thank you very much. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir concludes today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.