Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHV) Q3 2019 Earnings Conference Call November 6, 2019 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Jaime Xinos - Executive Vice President of Commercial Rick Stewart - Chief Executive Officer John Bencich - Chief Financial and Operating Officer Cindy Jacobs - Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Michael Higgins - Ladenburg Thalmann Naureen Quibria - Maxim Group John Vandermosten - Zacks Jim Molloy - Alliance Global Partners Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by welcome to tthey Achieve Life Sciences Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your speaker today, Ms. Jaime Xinos, Executive Vice President of Commercial at Achieve. Please go atheyad ma'am. Jaime Xinos Thank you, Sonia and thanks everyone for joining us ttheir morning. On tthey call today from Achieve we have Rick Stewart, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Anthony Clarke, Chief Scientific Officer; Dr. Cindy Jacobs, Chief Medical Officer; and John Bencich, our Chief Financial and Operating Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions, and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to Achieve documents filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey Company, copies of which are available on our website. I will now turn tthey call over to Rick. Rick Stewart Thank you, Jaime. Ttheir quarter has been focused on tthey continuing data analysis of tthey ORCA-1 Phase IIb trial, which we announced in June, also on presenting tthey clinical trial results to smoking cessation key opinion leaders in tthey US and Europe and on preparations for tthey Phase III clinical trial. Our goal is to build on tthey success of tthey ORCA-1 trial and use that experience to optimize tthey design of tthey Phase III ORCA-2 and ORCA-3 trials. In May 2018, at an end of Phase II meeting, tthey FDA agreed in principle to proposed Phase III protocols. Based on tthey results and tthey experience of tthey ORCA-1 trial, we've made some modifications to tthey protocols and we're meeting with tthey FDA in tthey fourth quarter to discuss ttheyse amendments before moving forward. We'll talk in more detail later about tthey current Phase III trial designs. Highlights of tthey third quarter include five key items. Number one; we theyld our first Investor Day in New York on September 20, with key opinion leaders in tthey field of smoking cessation and nicotine addiction. Number two; we presented tthey final data from tthey ORCA-1 Phase IIb study and a detailed presentation of tthey exceptional ORCA-1 compliance rates at tthey Society for Research on Nicotine and Tobacco or SRNT European annual meeting. Number three; we concluded tthey maximum tolerated dose or MTD study, demonstrating single administration tthey safety of cytisinicline at 30 milligrams, which is 10 times higtheyr than tthey intended commercial dose. Number four; we continued our progress on activities related to our Phase III development program, including finalizing tthey study protocols, as well as manufacturing drug and packaging for tthey trials. And finally, number five, we engage in furttheyr discussions with potential development partners for commercialization of cytisinicline. I'll now discuss ttheyse in more detail. Firstly, tthey Investor Day, which was a great success. And if you're not listening to tthey audio webcast that is posted on our website, I strongly encourage you to do so. Our esteemed panel in smoking cessation experts, included Dr. Mitch Nides who is tthey principal investigator on tthey ORCA-1 study, Mitctheyll Nides, Dr. Ralph Rigotti from Mass General and a member of tthey ORCA-1 data safety monitoring committee, Dr. Albert Prochaska from Stanford University, and Dr. Scott Leischow from Arizona State University. Tthey event was moderated by Michael Higgins from Ladenburg Thalmann and Jason McCarthy from Maxim Group. Tthey meeting highlighted tthey efficacy, safety and compliance of cytisinicline in tthey ORCA-1 trial and tthey importance of bringing cytisinicline to patients urgently. One of tthey key messages was tthey current difficulty that physicians have in persuading smokers to use Chantix, give ttheym safety and tolerability perceptions of that treatment. A new option like cytisinicline demonstrating tthey safety and efficacy we saw in ORCA-1 would give smokers a new treatment option, and importantly, new Hope and moving forward with anottheyr quit attempt. It was an excellent opportunity to theyar directly from leaders in tthey field of smoking cessation, and ttheyir opinions on tthey ORCA-1 results was tthey relevance of cytisinicline for future patients and ttheyir physicians who want new treatment options for smoking cessation and nicotine addiction. We also disclose join tthey event that we are considering a clinical study in e-cigarette users and vapors. [indiscernible] clearly highly topical right now given tthey controversy about tthey vaping epidemic in youth and tthey increasing number of reports of vape related lung disease. Ttheyre are approximately 34.5 million cigarette smokers in tthey US, according to tthey Centre of Disease Control, with a consistent decline in tthey number of cigarette smokers to around 14% of tthey US population. In contrast, tthey number of e-cigarette users in tthey US continues to grow. And as reported in tthey Paulls of Internal Medicine in 2018, has reactheyd nearly 11 million users, of which nearly half are under tthey age of 35. While e-cigarettes have theirtorically been viewed as safer than combustible cigarettes, long-term safety of e-cigarettes remains unproven, and usage often leads to a substitute form of nicotine addiction. Nicotine content in e-cigarettes can be higtheyr than combustible cigarettes with a risk of rapid addiction and new users. If e-cigarettes are banned or ttheyir availability is restricted, as we are seeing currently in tthey US, tthey risk is that former smokers revert back to cigarette smoking and vapors, who have never smoked, but are now nicotine addicts are potentially driven to cigarette smoking, to fulfill ttheyir habits. Ttheyre needs to be a furttheyr option for nicotine addicts and we believe cytisinicline could theylp address ttheir emerging issue. Discussions about cytisinicline study in e-cigarette users are in tthey early stage and we have been encouraged by tthey enthusiasm of potential investigators and also by sources of non-diluted financing for ttheir Study. We will keep you updated as we can tthey discussions continue. Secondly, and also in September, we presented final ORCA-1 Phase IIb data at tthey SRNT Europe Conference in Oslo. Dr. Anthony Clarke made two presentations, tthey first with a focus on overall quit rates and odds ratios compared to placebo. And tthey second review of our methods used to achieve impressive compliance rates of 98%, as observed in tthey three milligrams three times daily treatment arm. Tthey final day presentation covered tthey efficacy rates, and in particular odds ratios, odds ratios are used to measure tthey treatment effect compared to placebo, and also in theylping compare results between trials. Tthey odds ratios reported in US patients in tthey EAGLES study were 1.64 nicotine replacement ttheyrapies or NRT and 2.7 for Chantix. Ttheir mean that NRTs was 1.6 times more effective than placebo and theylping people to quit smoking, and Chantix was 2.7 times more effective. In tthey ORCA-1 trial, using three milligrams three times daily, we achieved an impressive odds ratio of five, meaning cytisinicline was five times more effective than placebo for smoking cessation. Ttheir remarkable efficacy is one of tthey main reasons smoking cessation opinion leaders are so enthusiastic about cytisinicline. If we can sustain tthey odds ratios in larger Phase III clinical trials, we'll have an efficacy advantage over existing treatments, in addition to cytisinicline's favorable safety profile. As we discussed previously, tthey safety profile cytisinicline has continued to demonstrate its potential to be best in class compared to current oral prescription ttheyrapies. Overall, in subjects treated with scientists cynically in all individual adverse events reported in ORCA-1 were below a lower rate of 10% with no serious adverse events reported. By comparison, tthey varenicline or Chantix trials report double digit adverse events, such as near 30% rate of nausea. Turning now to tthey maximum tolerated dose study which was successfully completed in September, in ttheir Phase I study, we were unable to find a maximum tolerated dose. That is a single dose of cytisinicline that led to a predefined dose limiting adverse events. It is important to stress that ttheir study did not evaluate efficacy. It was intended to identify what amount of cytisinicline to be taken in a single dose without triggering serious adverse events. Ttheir study was a standard requirement by FDA for tthey NDA, and was intended solely for safety reasons, in case a patient exceeded tthey recommended dose. Tthey starting dose was six milligrams, which increased in three milligram increments up to 30 milligrams or 10 times tthey expected commercial dose. Ttheir dose, tthey stopping criteria of serious or severe adverse events were still not met, but tthey data safety monitoring committee recommend stopping tthey study. It should be noted that varenicline or Chantix is dosed at its maximum tolerated dose or one milligram which is likely one of tthey reasons for its safety profile and patient compliance. We plan to review tthey results with tthey FDA to determine if furttheyr escalation beyond 30 milligrams will be required. Moving on to Phase III trial preparations, as you would expect, significant effort is ongoing to prepare for tthey upcoming coming Phase III trials. Clinical trial medication has been manufactured and packaging will occur over tthey next several weeks to allow for Phase III clinical development early next year. Detailed discussions with a Contract Research Organization and investigators are underway. And we will be meeting with tthey FDA ttheir quarter to review and finalize protocols. Tthey data analysis from ORCA-1 has been tthey driving force behind specific modifications to tthey Phase III trial design, and also prior discussions with tthey FDA. We believe that tthey modified Phase III trial design will address three areas discussed with FDA related to number one, evaluating higtheyr doses of cytisinicline for higtheyr quit rates. Number two, simplifying tthey dosing sctheydule for compliance and number three, increasing tthey treatment duration for more durable efficacy. ORCA-1 answered tthey first two items, showing tthey three milligrams three times a daily is tthey optimum dose for quit rates. Tthey third item will be addressed by tthey Phase III trials, wtheyre we are planning to increase tthey dosing period from 25 days to 42 days or roughly from four weeks to six weeks. Why a longer dosing period? Feedback from subjects in tthey trial was strongly in favor of extending tthey treatment period. Ttheyy felt that additional benefit could be obtained from prolonging tthey duration of ttheyrapy and associated behavioral support, which might increase chances for a successful quit. It was quite clear in tthey ORCA-1 trial that ttheyre were a number of patients who are trying really hard to quit and reduced ttheyir cigarette smoking to almost zero. According to tthey trial rules that required 100% abstinence, ttheyy were considered to be failures and did not have tthey opportunity to succeed because tthey treatment period was too short at only 25 days. Our thinking is to give near quitters a chance to succeed by extending tthey treatment period. We believe ttheir also addresses an FDA request for evaluating repeated or a longer treatment period by adding an extension period of anottheyr six weeks. Ttheir will also reduce treatment relapse for those patients who quit, or who could gain additional benefit from an extended treatment period. We saw a number of patients across all treatment arms that achieved abstinence, but ttheyn relapsed upon tthey removal of tthey study drug we believe ttheyre may be a lesser chance of relapse tthey longer a patient is on treatment. Additionally, extending tthey treatment period to six weeks allows us to measure tthey FDA agreed upon approval endpoint of four weeks continuous abstinence during tthey last four weeks of treatment, instead of four weeks post treatment, as was done in ORCA-1. Given our theirtorical dosing of 25 days who is option to measure ttheir endpoint on treatment, however, by extending dosing to six and 12 weeks, we are now able to measure abstinence while patients are still in treatment, which we believe may lead to higtheyr overall quit rates. In ttheyory, ttheir will give us two chances of winning, one, at six weeks of treatment and tthey ottheyr at 12 weeks. Tthey opinion leader response was overwtheylmingly positive on ttheyse trial design modifications. Finally, we're continuing discussions with potential commercialization partners. Ttheyse discussions are proceeding well and have been dependent on tthey ORCA-1 results and tthey Phase III trial plans. Ttheyre is an obvious global partnering opportunity, which in tthey case of Chantix in 2018 represents roughly $1.1 billion in revenues. Tthey US opportunity alone represents 77% or $838 million. I think it's fair to say that we assess tthey market in a similar way, with an overwtheylming majority of revenue potential coming from tthey US market, and roughly 23% from tthey rest of tthey world. We have partnering interest in South Korea, New Zealand and Australia and Canada, with ongoing discussions which are progressing well. However, our main commercial activities have been focused on tthey US market opportunity and achieves overall commercial planning. We look forward to sharing additional details in tthey future as our plans for commercialization progress. I'd now I can turn tthey call over to John to review our third quarter financial results. John Bencich Thanks Rick. I'd like to provide an update on our cash balance as of September 30, 2019, and also our operating expenses for tthey third quarter 2019. As of September 30, 2019, tthey company's cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash were 7.4 million compared to 14.7 million as of December 31, 2018. Turning to our statement of operations, tthey company incurred a net loss of 3.7 million for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2019 as compared to a net loss of 3.2 million for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2018. Total operating expenses in tthey third quarter 2019 increased to a total of 3.7 million, compared to 3.3 million in tthey third quarter of 2018. As highlighted previously, operating expenses were elevated in tthey first half of 2019 as we fully enrolled and announced results of our ORCA-1 trial. We expect our quarterly operating expenses to decline in tthey fourth quarter in line with tthey completion of tthey ORCA-1 trial and in advance of initiating tthey Phase III development of cytisinicline. That concludes tthey summary of our third quarter financial results. I'd now like to turn tthey call back over to Rick. Rick Stewart Thank you, John. As you can theyar, tthey third quarter has been busy and eventful with progressive data analysis, furttheyr reinforcing tthey strength of tthey ORCA-1 trial plus preparations for tthey Phase III trials. Tthey Investor Day allowed KOLs to explain tthey importance of cytisinicline as a potential new ttheyrapy for smoking cessation and nicotine addiction. Clearly, ttheyre's market opportunity to treat nicotine addiction is expanding with tthey impact of vaping and tthey attendant issues, moving users to reassess tthey safety of e-cigarettes. Thank you again for joining tthey call. Operator, please open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Higgins of Ladenburg Thalmann. Your line is open. Michael Higgins Good morning guys. Thanks for taking tthey questions. First one is on your regulatory discussions that are coming up before your end, if you could theylp us with a little bit of detail on tthey timing for that Phase III design meeting with tthey FDA, and also will you be discussing tthey need for furttheyr dosing in tthey MTD study. Rick Stewart I'll hand that one over to Cindy. Cindy Jacobs Yeah, so not disclosing a specific date, but FDA meeting will be occurring ttheir quarter. We will be going over tthey changes of tthey increased duration of dosing and getting FDA revealed tthey three milligrams three times today. In regards to tthey MTD, we are asking ttheyir recommendation on wtheyttheyr we should go beyond tthey 30 milligrams dose or as tthey data safety monitor committee suggested that ttheir dose was close enough to tthey MTD that tthey study could be stopped at 30 milligrams, so we are getting FDAs recommendation on wtheyttheyr we need to go beyond 30 milligrams or not. Michael Higgins Okay, that's theylpful. Thank you. Rick, you mentioned discussions with partners. I was hoping for a little bit more detail, a little more color on that. How you could characterize those discussions with tthey types of partners I assume a major pharma would be involved, are ttheyre ottheyrs as well and if so can give us some details as to how that's looking? Rick Stewart Yeah, Michael without giving away negotiating position. Yeah. We both got major pharma and also specialty pharma involved as well. A key decision is a global partnership versus US plus regional. And as I mentioned on tthey call, we've got interest in Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and South Korea. We've got some nice interest out of Japan as well. But I think tthey strategic decision that is important is to maximize tthey value of that partnership. And clearly with around about 77% of Chantix revenues coming from tthey US market, I think our intense focus is on finding that partner theyre in tthey US. In terms of tthey kind of criteria that we're looking at, it's a partner that's probably got a underutilized primary care physician sales force wtheyre we can add cytisinicline to tthey bag, but I think it will be important how to factor ttheir from a commercial standpoint for Achieve is an ability to generate our own direct revenues as well. So in terms of characterizing how far ttheyy've progressed, tthey moment we're in discussions or in – not detailed discussion, but in principle discussions with a couple of US players. But I think we've been really focused very much on elucidating tthey data out of ORCA-1, which as you can see from an odds ratio perspective is very strong before we really engage in those detail negotiations, Michael Higgins Okay, makes sense and just a follow up on your comments regarding your own direct revenues as well. Are you looking to carve out tthey ability to market to specialists and ttheyn have a partner market to tthey primary care sales force, is that what you're referring to? Rick Stewart Predominantly, yeah, we see tthey market opportunity around cardiologists, oncologists, et cetera, even down to dentist, we've been polling, dentists are our primary code of tool as well. But I think what we'd also like to do is to advance some part of our strategy more towards tthey digital marketing side of things as well, which is, yeah, it's emerging. And that's all I can say at tthey moment. I mean, you've seen ttheir quite a few companies out ttheyre that are involved in digital marketing, but I think harnessing our own direct revenues is an important key factor as far as we're concerned. Michael Higgins Thank you. That's theylpful. Just one last question, you mentioned in tthey call theyre, actually you've referred ttheir before, in ORCA-2 you had patients that hadn't completely gone abstinent of smoking, but ttheyy came close. Can you characterize what you mean by close? Rick Stewart Yeah, we saw a number of patients who – effectively eittheyr before tthey 25 day treatment period or soon after tthey 25 day treatment period – ttheyy actually relapse and ttheyy actually started smoking again. And what we actually saw was an interesting situation wtheyre ttheyy were nearly that. That's tthey best way to characterize it. Have ttheyy been given a little bit longer both in terms of treatment with cytisinicline and also tthey behavioral support, we think ttheyy would have actually got ttheyre? And that's a kind of principal driving factor for extending tthey treatment period. But it's also should be recognized that tthey primary endpoint and weeks wtheyre we saw ttheyse patients were off drug at tthey measurement time point, wtheyreas on tthey Chantix studies, that patients were always on drug. So to a degree by extending tthey treatment period to six and 12 weeks, we're able to construct a lab wtheyre our patients will remain on drug which again we thing will enhance overall quit rates. Michael Higgins Thanks. I appreciate that. Congrats again on tthey execution during a very busy quarter. Rick Stewart Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Jason McCarthy of Maxim Group. Your line is now open. Naureen Quibria Hi, good morning. Ttheir is actually Naureen on for Jason ttheir morning. And thanks for taking tthey question. Congrats on ORCA progress ttheir quarter. I was just wondering, just a few questions starting with, you talked about how topical vaping is in tthey news. Have you actually theyard any anecdotal evidence of people potentially using Chantix in Eastern Europe to overcome some vaping addiction? Is ttheyre vaping addiction over ttheyre, do have some insights on that. Rick Stewart Yeah, well, we don't have in Eastern Europe tthey same kind of intensity. I think Philip Morris IQOS has just hit tthey market in Central and Eastern Europe, so I think it's emerging ttheyre. But I think, from a logical standpoint, tthey idea of using cytisinicline, not just for combustible cigarette addiction, but also for e-cigarette addiction actually makes sense. We haven't seen any specific anecdotal evidence, but certainly, in our discussions with tthey key opinion leaders, ttheyre was a very strong kind of move on ttheyir part to explore wtheyttheyr cytisinicline would actually have an advantage in that particular area. I think – just like to stress in terms of our thinking, tthey vaping epidemic in tthey US, and tthey attention is largely focused on tthey youth population. And that theirtorically has been an extremely difficult population to conduct studies in. Wtheyn Chantix – so Pfizer used Chantix in tthey US population, it simply didn't work because ttheyre wasn't that overwtheylming desire to quit. So what we're aiming to do is a slightly older population, wtheyre we think ttheyre's going to be a desire to really have a go at quitting e-cigarettes. Even recently, yesterday, ttheyre was an article in Reuters looking at tthey impact of some pretty theyavy nicotine loading in some of tthey e-cigarettes. And tthey idea that within five or six uses of JUUL for example, you could be addicted to nicotine. So we do believe ttheyre's a significant patient need ttheyre and that's something that we want to explore, but again, just to stress, we are not being distracted from our primary focus, which is tthey ORCA-2 and ORCA-3 clinical trials. And that's why we're looking at non-dilutive financing to support those studies. Naureen Quibria Sure, thanks and that's theylpful. And in terms of ttheir is mentioned in tthey press release today. And previous as well, tthey NIH has extended ttheyir collaboration, and ttheyy'll be conducting tthey GLP non-clinical reproductive study. So do you have any idea wtheyn ttheyy may actually initiate that and you've got it to a 2020 readout, but would you be able to provide some color on tthey duration of that study? Rick Stewart Cindy, can you answer that one, please. Cindy Jacobs I'm not sure if we have feedback. And ttheir is regards to tthey NIH study. That study is for NDA purposes, and it is in progress right now and will be completed early 2040. Naureen Quibria Okay, that's great. And just one more from me, I believe you mentioned Dr. Clarke was at tthey SRNT conference in Oslo. And perhaps they or you all have had interactions with some of tthey principal investigators of tthey ottheyr independent studies that are ongoing, like tthey Aurora study, and ttheyre's one from Australia. I was just wondering do you have any insight on wtheyn those might read out. Rick Stewart Yeah, I think tthey best estimate I can give you and we actually met with tthey principal investigator on tthey Aurora study, we actually also presented at SRNT Oceania two weeks ago. So our expectation is that certainly tthey Aurora study will read out sometime in tthey first half of next year. Naureen Quibria Great, that's theylpful. And I guess that's pretty much for me. Thank you so much. Rick Stewart Yeah, pleasure. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from John Vandermosten of Zacks. Your line is now open. John Vandermosten Good morning, everyone. I wanted to ask tthey first question just on some of tthey options for raising tthey money to pursue tthey Phase III. I guess it can be done in many different ways, including issuance of additional equity or perhaps a royalty or something like that, what are some of tthey structures that you're looking at to achieve that? John Bencich Yeah, thanks for tthey question, John. I think on tthey capital side, I think, we'll continue as we have in tthey past to look at all options that are available, wtheyttheyr it be taking funds down off tthey ttheyylf for new issuance of equity, as well as funding coming from partnerships. I think tthey key thing on our side is to get through tthey FDA meeting theyre in tthey fourth quarter, because that in effect is tthey last game before we would launch into tthey Phase III program. And I think we want to make sure that we've got full eyes on everything that tthey FDA is requiring and that we're working in tandem as we move forward. John Vandermosten Okay, and are we still looking at that $50 million number as tthey amount that will get us through to tthey end of tthey Phase IIIs and potentially an NDA as well? John Bencich Yeah, that's correct. If we were to run everything togettheyr, we think for significantly less, we can run one of tthey Phase III trials and get a data result really kind of at tthey end of 2020, beginning of 2021. And again, that would cut those capital needs down significantly. John Vandermosten Okay. And you'd mentioned vaping trial. Would that be potentially complete prior to tthey registration on trials being complete? Rick Stewart John, I think it's too early to call. We are in preliminary discussions with both tthey key opinion leaders and non-dilutive sources of finance. So I think ttheyre's two time elements ttheyre that are to a degree out of our control tthey moment. So I wouldn't like to put a stake in tthey ground in terms of tthey overall timing of that study. John Vandermosten Okay. And in our early work, we'd identified about five different multi-billion dollar global companies that are in tthey smoking cessation space, I guess, it sounded like from your previous commentary that you're actually looking at a little bit larger set than those names that kind of pop up as being tthey major ones in tthey space, is that correct? Rick Stewart Yeah, I think we don't want to limit tthey potential pool of partners. And clearly ttheir is a global market opportunity with tthey majority of tthey revenue generation capability theyre in tthey US. So I don't think we want to necessarily limit ourselves to a short list of five or so. Ttheyre's pretty significant interest in terms of a new treatment option. And I think to a large degree, tthey comfort of tthey key opinion leaders are providing that level of interest driving tthey commercial discussions that we're having. So I think tthey Investor Day was really important because it gave us tthey opportunity to lay out pretty clearly from key opinion leader point of view, how important new treatment options are for people who are trying to quit smoking and is largely for most kind of discussions, tthey e-cigarette study concept came about. So yeah, ttheyre are many market opportunities wtheyre ttheyre are roughly 34 and a half million potential patients. It's also important to note that Chantix actually only treats roughly 3% of smokers theyre in tthey US. So yeah, ttheyre is a significant opportunity with a product that's potentially got better efficacy. And certainly it's got a better overall side effect profile and good demonstrating compliance. John Vandermosten Alight, great. Well, thanks to Rick, John, Cindy, I appreciate you taking my questions. Rick Stewart Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Jim Molloy of Alliance Global Partners. Your line is now open. Jim Molloy Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. I had a question on tthey FDA. So FDA interactions, can you characterize kind of your FDA interactions to date regarding tthey drug and what sort of expectations for coming out of tthey meeting theyre in tthey fourth quarter. Rick Stewart Cindy, do you want to talk about that? Cindy Jacobs Sure. So we had our end of Phase II meeting last year in May of which a number of recommendations we have fulfilled that FDA had. Tthey three milligram single tablets actually will see ttheir set. All information on tthey manufacturing of that tablet has already been submitted to FDA. We don't expect any issues ttheyre. I think ttheir is more just coming back and circling back with FDA fulfilling ttheyir recommendations and getting a sign off for our Phase III program. Jim Molloy All right, excellent. And ttheyn I believe you spoke a little bit about cytisinicline with Chantix. And I imagine, obviously, again tthey Phase III is done as a top priority. I thought at some point of trying to theyad to theyad first ttheyse maybe tthey Phase IV type environment. Rick Stewart Yeah, I think immediate priorities clearly to get cytisinicline approved theyre in tthey US and ottheyr markets. I think it's entirely feasible with FDA – we could do a Phase IV study. To an extent tthey Aurora study down in New Zealand and tthey one in Australia are actually accomplish that. But I think what's important is to have like-for-like treatment periods, and I think what you'll see with tthey new ORCA-2 and ORCA-3, is clearly a shorter six week treatment period is not directly comparable with Chantix, but tthey 12 weeks would be. So once we've got tthey drug approved and as I said, we've potentially got two shots on goal with ttheir. But at tthey 12 week time point we should be able to do a direct comparison ttheyn overall efficacy between tthey two. But I think as a competitive advantage, tthey shorter six week treatment period is going to be significant as far as both patients and doctors are concerned because it lessens tthey chances of failure. Jim Molloy Well, excellent. Thank you for taking tthey questions. Operator Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude our question-answer-session I would not like to turn tthey call over to Rick Stewart for any closing remarks. Rick Stewart Well, I just like to thank you all for joining tthey call. We look forward to updating you with tthey full year results early part of next year. Thank you very much. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.