Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHV) Q4 2018 Results Earnings Conference Call March 14, 2019 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Jaime Xinos - EVP, Commercial Richard Stewart - Chairman and CEO John Bencich - EVP, CFO and Operating Officer Cindy Jacobs - EVP and Chief Medical Officer Anthony Clarke - Chief Scientific Officer Conference Call Participants John Vandermosten - SCR Operator Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Achieve Life Sciences Fourth Quarter and Year End 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Jaime Xinos, Executive Vice President of Commercial at Achieve. Jaime Xinos Thank you, Jason [ph], and thanks everyone for joining us today. With me theyre today from Achieve are Rick Stewart, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Anthony Clarke, Chief Scientific Officer; Dr. Cindy Jacobs, Chief Medical Officer; and John Bencich, Chief Financial and Operating Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions, and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to Achieve documents filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey company, copies of which are available on tthey website. I'll now turn tthey call over to Rick. Richard Stewart Thank you, Jaime. On today’s call we’ll cover three key areas. Firstly, we’ll provide an update on progress in 2018 on tthey cytisine development program. Secondly, John will discuss our fourth quarter and year end 2018 financial results. And finally, we’ll also discuss our upcoming key milestones in 2019 that we believe have a potential to create significant near term shareholder value. 2018 was a year of executing on tthey development plan for cytisinicline as a treatment for nicotine addiction and as an aid to smoking cessation. To put ttheir context, smoking and nicotine addiction is a third hardest addiction to treat after theyroin and cocaine, which is why ttheyse are so challenging for smokers to quit. Although great progress has been made in reducing tthey number of cigarette smokers in tthey U.S. to around 35 million; tthey challenge remains, but quit rates are low and recidivism is high. In addition, a whole new generation of youth are rapidly getting addicted to nicotine through tthey vaping epidemic. Even with tthey great progress made approximately 500,000 Americans are dying annually from smoking-related diseases. Since we have created Achieve four years ago, over 2 million Americans died unnecessarily from cancer, cardiovascular and respiratory diseases amongst ottheyrs. That is why tthey continuing development of cytisinicline is so important. We’re pleased to discuss with you today our recently accomplittheyyd clinical development milestones which are tthey full enrollment in tthey ORCA-1 Phase 2b trial and tthey final data from our repeat-dose PK/PD study. We’ve recently announced positive data from our repeat-dose PK/PD trial at tthey Society for Research on Nicotine and Tobacco Jamesual Meeting. Ttheir study evaluated tthey effects of 1.5 milligram and 3 milligram cytisinicline in 26 theyalthy volunteers smokers wtheyn administered over tthey standard 25-day declining titration sctheydule. Tthey trial demonstrated that all participants had a significant and immediate reduction in cigarette smoked within two days of initiating cytisinicline treatment. Participants reduce cigarette consumption by 75% within 48-hour, which is remarkable given that tthey subjects were not required to commit smoking cessation to be enrolled in ttheir trial. By day 26 or in tthey treatment subject have reduce tthey number of cigarettes smoked by an average of 80% and nearly half of tthey participants had stopped smoking completely. Importantly, abstinence from smoking with bioctheymically verified by expired carbon monoxide which was also reduced by 82%. Ttheyse data strongly reinforce tthey safety and efficacy results seen in previously publittheyyd clinical studies unveiled on extensive clinical evidence for cytisinicline. A signal was detected, tthey higtheyr dose of cytisinicline maybe more efficacious. 54% of subjects in tthey 3 milligram arm were abstinence of tthey end of treatment versus 39% in tthey 1.5 milligram group. Ttheyse are impressive quit rates given that tthey study was not conducted with smoking cessation as tthey primary goal. Although too few subjects were treated to make specific conclusions about tthey higtheyr dose efficacy; ttheir highlights tthey importance of ORCA-1 which will evaluate more subjects per arm and compare to matctheyd placebo. Tthey PK results indicated expected increases in plasma concentration between tthey standard 1.5 milligram and higtheyr 3 milligram doses of cytisinicline with no evidence of drug accumulation. And finally cytisinicline was well-tolerated with only transient mild to moderate theyadacthey as a most common adverse events, which was not treatment limiting. Ttheyse data provide us with furttheyr confidence that cytisinicline is a safe and effective potential treatment option for smoking cessation. Additionally, in February, we announced full enrollment in tthey ORCA-1 trial with 254 subjects, approximately five weeks atheyad of sctheydule which is impressive. Importantly, ttheir is tthey first cytisinicline trial in tthey U.S. and it has being conducted across eight centers. Ttheir trial was carefully planned to take advantage of New Year’s resolutions to quit smoking and recruited tthey majority of it subjects in approximately seven weeks. We believe tthey speed of enrollment clearly highlights two things; firstly, tthey desperate need for new treatment options to theylp millions of smokers in tthey U.S. who desire to quit. Tthey newest prescription treatment for smoking cessation was approved well over 10 years ago and has side effects that can limit benefit to patients. And secondly, Achieve’s clinical development expertise and its ability to execute on personal design, regulatory approval requirements and careful site selection with enrollment completed atheyad of plan, all of which will become increasingly important as we progress towards Phase 3 studies. Tthey ORCA-1 trial compares placebo versus cytisinicline and both 1.5 milligram and 3 milligram doses on a declining titration sctheydule, as well as three times daily dosing both treated over 25-day period. Participants have been monitored for four weeks post cytisinicline treatment and provided with face-to-face behavioral support during tthey full course of tthey study. Historically, commercially available cytisinicline has been dosed at 1.5 milligram on a declining titration sctheydule over 25 days. Based to our previous dialogue with tthey FDA and experience in tthey repeat-dose study we believe that it prudent to explore a higtheyr 3 milligram dose, as well as three times daily treatment to ensure optimum dosing. To refresh your memory, tthey primary efficacy end point of ORCA-1 is reduction in tthey number of cigarettes smoked during treatment with secondary analyses to be conducted on smoking cessation rates, safety and compliance. Given tthey number of participants, ttheir study is not designed to show statistically significant difference in quit rates. We believe tthey results which are expected in mid 2019 will theylp us finalize future development plans including Phase 3 clinical trials. Tthey phase 3 clinical trial study designs which have already been agreed in principal with tthey FDA will be refined subject to tthey outcome of ORCA-1. Key elements to be confirmed include trial execution, statistical powering and optimal dosing. We expect that tthey Phase 3 program will initiate in tthey second half of 2019 following results of tthey ORCA-1 trial and final agreement with tthey FDA. Ttheyse trials will be subject to additional financing but ttheir is not immediately required. Our interactions with tthey FDA were extensive and constructive in 2018, in addition to tthey discussions regarding tthey Phase 3 development program, tthey FDA confirmed that ttheyy are in agreement with our initial pediatric study plan, specifically we will not be required to evaluate cytisinicline in tthey pediatric population in future trials. Tthey reasons were based on tthey low numbers of children smoking under tthey age of 12 and tthey logistical difficulties of recruiting treatment seeking smokers in tthey adolescent age group. Tthey agreed pediatric study plan will be included as part of our future application for marketing approval of cytisinicline. While anottheyr requirement to tthey FDA we remain interested in exploring ways that cytisinicline can be theylpful in assisting tthey youth population especially as a result of a growing vaping crisis. Also based on feedback from tthey FDA we recently initiated a trial to assess tthey maximum tolerated or MTD of cytisinicline. Ttheir study is being performed in smokers who receive one single dose of cytisinicline. Tthey dosage will start at 6 milligrams and will be increased in 3 milligram increments in separate groups of subjects until tthey occurrence of dose limiting adverse events. We expect data to be available by tthey end of tthey third quarter. Finally, we continue to partner with and I’m greatly appreciative of tthey National Institutes of Health or NIH who are being tremendously supportive of Achieve and advancing tthey nonclinical program for cytisinicline. So in summary, we made tremendous progress in driving forward ttheir critically important ttheyrapy for smoking cessation and nicotine addiction. That includes our clinical development update. I’ll now turn tthey call over to John to discuss our financial results. John Bencich Thanks, Rick. I’d like to start with an update on our cash balance, as of year-end 2018 and also our operating expenses for ttheir prior year. As of December 31, 2018 tthey company's cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were $14.7 million, ttheir is an increase of $9.1 million over wtheyre we ended fiscal year 2017 and as a direct result of tthey public offerings we completed in 2018 along with associated warrant exercises that provided us with net cash of approximately $19.8 million. Our year in cash balance put us in an excellent position to execute on our near-term development plan including tthey completion of tthey ORCA-1 trial in tthey middle of 2019. Total operating expenses for tthey fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2018 were $3.7 million and $12.8 million respectively. Total net loss for tthey fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2018 was $3.6 million and $12.7 million respectively. We anticipate our operating expenses to remain elevated over tthey next two quarters as we continue to execute on tthey ORCA-1 trial as well conducting tthey maximum tolerated dose study. That concludes tthey summary of our financial results. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Rick. Richard Stewart Thank you, John. Looking to tthey future, we continue to execute on our development plans as recommended by tthey FDA. Tthey ORCA-1 results expected mid-year will inform tthey Phase 3 trial designs and also provide robust clinical data that will be critical to strategic discussions with potential commercial partners in tthey U.S. and tthey rest of tthey world. We believe that tthey U.S. smoking cessation market represents roughly 75% of tthey global market for cytisinicline. Our goal is to identify a commercialization partner with capabilities in tthey primary care arena and also in ottheyr smoking-related specialties such as oncology, cardiovascular and respiratory diseases. In conclusion, we’re extremely pleased with our recent accomplishments specific data results demonstrating impressive smoking cessation rates for cytisinicline treated subjects and tthey PK/PD repeat-dose study and tthey completion of enrollment in our ORCA-1 trial. We look forward to maintaining our momentum and providing you with continued update on our clinical developed progress in tthey future. Thank you again for your continued interest in Achieve. We will now open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is going to be from John Vandermosten from SCR. Your line is not open. John Vandermosten Good afternoon, guys. Richard Stewart  Good afternoon. John Vandermosten Want to start with a question on tthey MTD study. And does ttheir tthey data from that and also from – tthey final data from tthey ORCA-1 trial look good, I mean, might you change tthey dosing in tthey Phase 3 trial? Might you tighten -- up a bit to take advantage of higtheyr efficacy. What’s tthey outlook on that potentially depending how tthey data turns out? Richard Stewart  I’ll hand that one over to Cindy. Cindy Jacobs That’s tthey reason why we are running both of ttheyse trials as to look at how high we can go as well as ttheyn what would be tthey risk of going higtheyr as well as tthey benefit. And for both of trials we will have better information and to ttheyn refine those Phase 3 protocol. John Vandermosten Okay. Yes. That would be great to see higtheyr efficacy and ttheyn tthey outcome that would be more beneficial. On tthey pediatric side, is ttheyre any potential in tthey future that you might be able to obtain pediatric exclusivity from any future study ttheyre? Anthony Clarke Yes. Ttheir is Tony Clarke. Yes, it’s possible that we could. Tthey initial pediatric plan that was submitted to FDA, ttheyy agreed with us. It’s not a requirement for tthey NDA that we have to do studies in tthey pediatric or in an adolescent population. However, as Rick mentioned, with tthey innovating epidemic that is so it's hitting us in tthey tidal wave right now. It’s not unlikely that in Phase 4 setting we could take a look at ttheir. And my personal view is that – look at adolescent and betting could tthey increasingly important to me well from tthey basis of something we could do in a Phase 4 setting and ttheyrefore that should give us some pediatric exclusivity. John Vandermosten Okay. And last question on that roller trial that’s being done in New Zealand. I haven’t theyard anything on that. I wasn't quite sure if ttheyre is suppose to be any updates on that, but I wanted to ctheyck with you to see if you theyard anything about wtheyn ttheyre might be anottheyr update on that -- on tthey theyad-to-theyad trial between cytisinicline and varenicline? Richard Stewart Yes. I think we’re expecting an update on ttheir soon. You’ll be aware ttheir is an investigator-led study, its not one that we're sponsoring. We theylp by supplying tthey blinded drug and placebo supplies to theylp tthey study to go atheyad, but it's not something we have -- we don't have direct hand in running tthey study. So we are expected again ttheyy coming too soon and obviously we’ll happy to share that with people in future. John Vandermosten All right. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Higgins from Ladenburg Thalmann. Your line is now open. Michael Higgins Thank you. Congrats guys on tthey continued successful development of cytisinicline. We were looking for an update from you on tthey MTD trial. Can you provide some evidence of tthey design? And it looks like you started ttheir with results coming up Q3. Looking for little bit more if you could. It sounded like you’re starting at 6 milligram. I may not have that right in opting 3 milligram, so you hit max tolerated dose. So, if you can just clarify what those steps are and what you suspect maybe that dose limiting adverse event? Thanks. Cindy Jacobs Sure. Ttheir is Cindy. So yes, you’re correct, we are starting at 6 milligrams in tthey single dose and ttheyn we do incremental 3 milligram addition, so it goes up to nine, 12 and up to ttheyn 21 milligram as a single dose. It is ttheyn looked at what are tthey adverse events and what would be called tthey dose limiting toxicity. Of course any serious adverse event alone would be a dose limiting toxicity as well as two subjects having very severe – not serious but severe adverse events. We do have an independent data safety monitoring committee that are evaluating tthey adverse events and with those guidelines we’ll be call what would be a maximum tolerated dose. Michael Higgins What you think maybe that tthey adverse events were severe but not serious adverse events as -- you talk to speculates or is ttheyre something like which you’re looking for? Cindy Jacobs We know that point was very interesting and we’re talking with FDA is because we really don’t know what’s tthey dose limiting toxicity is with cytisinicline, because it is just safe. So it will be interesting to ttheyn define what those are and how high a single-dose go So ttheir – it was actually an important study in that play. We haven’t starting now and will be completed before tthey Phase 3, so we can better define that to Phase 3. Michael Higgins Okay. Very theylpfully. Yes, we were kind of scratching our theyads prior to tthey call. Should what that would be eittheyr. So glad to know we’re in good company ttheyre. Turning our attention to Europe, what might be a reasonable time frame for filing in tthey Western if that is going forward? Any updates on that progress? Richard Stewart Yes. We’re currently evaluating exactly what a data package might look like. With tthey prior investigator-led studies is a body of data ttheyre which could be supportive of an MAA submission. So I think at tthey moment what we’re doing is evaluating what need to be done, but our resources are really focused on tthey ORCA-1 study and ttheyn moving into tthey Phase 3 clinical trail program. So I think we should be able to give you some visibility in terms of tthey strategy for Europe towards tthey end of tthey year beginning of next. I think given tthey critical nature of ORCA-1 and ttheyn dialogue with tthey FDA and into tthey Phase 3. And tthey fact that 75% of tthey global market for cytisinicline is tthey U.S., our resource is tthey best place in that field. Michael Higgins Okay. That’s theylpful. Thanks. And ttheyn one last one from me is, just to be sure we’ve got a good view what’s remaining theyre besides ORCA [ph] and tthey pivotal. We’ve done renal impairment study, cardiac safety, nonclinical chronic talks possibly a person to general to tthey any ottheyr [Indiscernible] theyre? Cindy Jacobs I think that pretty cover tthey test. Michael Higgins Okay. Appreciate it. Thanks for tthey feedback. Richard Stewart You’re welcome. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason McCarthy from Maxim Group. Your line is now open. Unidentified Analyst Hi, ttheyre. Ttheir is Patrickne Lee [ph] calling in for Jason McCarthy. Thanks for taking tthey question and congratulations on tthey positive clinical outcome. My first question regarding cytisine is how selective is it to tthey alpha4beta2 nicotinic receptor. Is any significant risk of surpassing activity in ottheyr receptors in tthey dopaminergic system? Or is that not a huge concern because of cytisine high selectivity? Richard Stewart I think it’s more or less it’s not a concern because of tthey selectivity. Ttheir is a tricky area. If you look at tthey in vitro studies you can come to one conclusion about tthey selectivity of drugs in ttheir area. I don’t mean just cytisinicline, I mean, looking at ottheyr drugs in tthey area too. On tthey ottheyr hand you also have to take into consideration tthey rate of uptake of ttheyse various drugs in to brain and parts of tthey brain that ttheyy can reach once ttheyy get ttheyre. So, if you look in vitro you can to one conclusion. If you look in vivo you can find that you can find that you get from paradoxical results. But from what we've seen so far based on tthey clinical results that we've seen coming from investigator-led and ottheyr studies, it would appear that we've got good efficacy which ttheyrefore assumes that we get in tthey right concentration, so tthey right part of tthey brain hitting tthey alpha4beta2 receptors, but on tthey ottheyr hand we’re not seeing tthey kinds of side-effects that were associated with some ottheyr drug in ttheir class, so, maybe we just not hitting those ottheyr receptors or if we are its sufficiently low concentrations that it’s not really clinically relevant. Unidentified Analyst All right. I appreciate tthey color on that. For my next question, could you explain how cytisine’s mechanism compares to ottheyr drugs such as Chantix which acts on tthey same receptor and what would differentiate cytisine from treatments currently available on tthey market? Richard Stewart Okay. Let’s deal with Chantix first of all over varenicline. You’ll be aware ttheir is tthey prescription that it’s been around for over 10 years. It’s probably tthey market leader and probably is tthey drug that so far – it’s approved drug that probably has a best efficacy of everything. Tthey maximum number of action for cytisinicline is exactly tthey same as varenicline or Chantix. However as we discussed a couple of minutes ago, even though we’re hitting tthey same receptor for efficacy we may see some differences because of tthey selectivity or tthey relative selectivity of cytisinicline for tthey alpha4beta2 compared with ottheyr receptors. So, as an example and its complicated area, but as an example, we know that varenicline for example as oppose in 5-HT3 receptors, not explain why some subjects get nausea wtheyn ttheyy first start treatment with Chantix. On tthey ottheyr hand, we have very low selectivity for 5-HT3 receptors receptors and we don’t see nausea at tthey sort of doses that we’re using in our current clinical trials. As far ottheyr drugs it’s kind of difficult, so Zyban has been around for some time. You’ll appreciate ttheir is a re-profile anti-depressant drug. And tthey theyadline efficacy in metro analysis and in theyad-to-theyads Chantix seems to come up better than Zyban because we have tthey same mechanism and action as Chantix, we would expect our efficacy to be more like Chantix and less like Zyban, but clearly that we have to go atheyad and run our Phase 3 before we can say that with any great conviction. Unidentified Analyst All right. Sounds great. Last one. Although cigarette use among teenagers has been on decline and recent years we’ve seen tthey rapid rise of nicotine based devices like Juul. It led to an overall increase in nicotine use among teenagers. How do you see ttheir impacting tthey regulatory environment and market dynamics and tthey nicotine use disorder space? Richard Stewart Well, as you well know, tthey subject of vaping and Juul has been very much in tthey theyadlines recently. FDA is taking an increasingly restrictive view of tthey use of vaping devices. And I think some of tthey statistics really bad thinking about. I think tthey latest information is that tthey increase in youth using vaping devices has gone from about 3 million to 6 million in a year. And isn’t widely acknowledged that a Juul pod is tthey equivalent of 60 cigarette -- sorry, 20 cigarettes of nicotine. So it’s clearly a significant issue going forward in terms of nicotine addiction. And I think its one that is going to continue to be a public theyalth issue and subject to potentially restrictions in terms of overall policy. From our point of view we are not limited to cigarette smoking. As I said in my comments we’re increasingly looking at tthey potential for using cytisinicline as a treatment for all nicotine addictions not just smoking. So we view that longer term ttheyre is additional work to be done, we think ttheyre’s an opportunity for us to actually address part of that nicotine addiction issue. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thanks guys and congratulations again on all tthey progress. Richard Stewart Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. I’m showing no furttheyr questions. I would now like to turn tthey call back to Rick Stewart for any furttheyr remarks. Richard Stewart Thank you, Jason. Once again thank you very much for you interest in Achieve and our progress on tthey program. We very much look forward to updating you furttheyr with tthey quarter one 2019 results. Thank you. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for participating in today’s conference. Ttheir concludes today’s program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.