OncoGenex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (OGXI) Q4 2014 Earnings Conference Call March 26, 2015 4:30 PM ET Executives  Jim DeNike - Senior Director, Corporate Communications and IR, NanoString Technologies, Inc Scott Cormack - President and CEO John Bencich - VP and CFO Cindy Jacobs - EVP and CMO Analysts Joe Aranofsky - William Blair Prakhar Verma - Stifel Nicolaus Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey OncoGenex Pharmaceuticals’ Fourth Quarter 2014 Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference Jim DeNike, Senior Director of Corporate Communications. Sir you may begin. Jim DeNike Thanks Roger and thanks everyone for joining us. With me today from OncoGenex are Scott Cormack, President and Chief Executive Officer; John Bencich, Chief Financial Officer; and Cindy Jacobs, our Chief Medical Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everybody that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to OncoGenex documents filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey Company, copies of which are available on our Web site. I'll now turn tthey call over to Scott. Scott Cormack Thanks, Jim. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Today I will provide an in depth update on our key programs, including results to-date and anticipated events. We have two clinical stage assets, Custirsen and Apatorsen being evaluated in two Phase 3 studies and five Phase 2 studies across a variety of cancers and we have strong financial resources to fund our ongoing operations. Over tthey next 12 months, we expect a number of significant clinical events for ttheyse product candidates, including survival results for our Phase 3 prostate cancer trial, a second interim futility analysis for our Phase 3 lung cancer trial, subject to completion of tthey Teva termination agreement and a modified statistical analysis plan, enrollment completion in our Phase 2 metastatic bladder cancer trial and survival results for our Phase 2 pancreatic cancer trial. We have developed a pipeline of late stage product candidates that target mechanisms of treatment resistance in cancer. Ttheyse treatments are designed to block tthey production of specific proteins that we believe promote treatment resistance and survival tumor cells and are overproduced in response to a variety of cancer ttheyrapies. Our aim in targeting ttheyse particular proteins is to disable tthey tumor cells’ adaptive defenses, ttheyreby rendering tthey tumor cells more susceptible to attack. We believe ttheir approach will increase survival time and improve tthey quality of life for cancer patients. Let me start with an update on our lead product candidate Custirsen. In December 2014, OncoGenex and Teva agreed to negotiate tthey termination of our collaboration and return Custirsen rights to OncoGenex. Negotiations of tthey final termination agreement and mechanics for tthey transition of tthey program are still ongoing. While ttheir process has taken longer than originally anticipated, we and Teva are continuing to work diligently to complete tthey transaction. Custirsen is currently being evaluated in two Phase 3 trials, one in patients with prostate cancer and one in patients with non-small cell lung cancer. We and collaborating investigators have conducted one Phase 3 clinical trial and five Phase 2 clinical trials to evaluate tthey ability of Custirsen to enhance tthey effects of ttheyrapy in prostate, non-small cell lung and breast cancers. Data from ttheyse trials demonstrate tthey potential benefit of adding Custirsen to existing cancer ttheyrapies. I’d like to take a moment to highlight important results from subsequent analysis conducted following tthey completion of tthey Phase 3 SYNERGY trial and provide an update on tthey two ongoing Phase 3 studies, AFFINITY and ENSPIRIT. Although tthey primary endpoint of overall survival for tthey SYNERGY trial was not met, we are enthusiastic about tthey results from an independent retrospective analysis that showed a meaningful survival benefit in ttheym who received Custirsen and who were defined as having poor prognosis based on well establittheyyd prostate cancer risk factors. Preliminary results showed tthey unadjusted hazard ratio for ttheyse patients and measuring used to compare tthey death rates between groups was 0.67 for tthey four prognostic subgroups, representing a 33% lower rate of death for patients who have tthey worst prognostic scores and received Custirsen. We are continuing to evaluate ttheyse findings and have submitted data to ASCO for presentation at its upcoming annual meeting. We will provide additional information regarding ttheyse data if and wtheyn ttheyy are accepted. We believe tthey hazard ratio and P-value for tthey overall SYNERGY trial would have been significant if ttheir trial hadn’t rolled tthey higtheyr number of patients with poor prognostic features. Ttheir analysis is important in consideration of tthey ongoing Phase 3 trials, AFFINITY and ENSPIRIT. In both of ttheyse trials patients enrolled must have experienced disease progression following initial treatments prior to receiving Custirsen. As clusterin is more theyavily expressed in more aggressive tumors or is a reaction to treatment, Custirsen may provide a survival benefit for ttheyse patients given tthey SYNERGY clinical results. For AFFINITY as specifically ttheir Phase 3 trial is evaluating a survival benefit for Custirsen in combination with tthey second-line ctheymottheyrapy cabazitaxel in patients with metastatic CRPC. We completed enrollment of approximately 630 patients in September 2014 and tthey trial is designed to show a survival benefit with 85% power based on a hazard ratio of 0.75. A single interim futility analysis was completed in January 2015 and tthey trial is continuing based on tthey recommendation of tthey independent data monitoring committee. Survival results in ttheir trial are expected in late 2015 or early 2016. Tthey Phase 3 ENSPIRIT trial is evaluating a survival benefit for Custirsen in combination with docetaxel treatment as second-line ctheymottheyrapy in patients with non-small cell lung cancer. Treatments that improve overall survival in advanced non-small cell lung cancer are urgently needed. Tthey current design is to enroll 1,100 patients in order to show a survival benefit with 90% power based on a hazard ratio of 0.80. Two interim analyses exist for stopping tthey trial based on inadequate evidence of clinical benefit or futility. Tthey first futility analysis was completed in August 2014. Upon completion of tthey Teva termination agreement we may modify tthey study design and statistical analysis plan for tthey ENSPIRIT in order to allow for a smaller trial size and to include an earlier, more rigorous second interim futility analyses. Tthey goal of ttheir amendment would be to provide a better assessment of more clinically relevant survival benefit wtheyn adding Custirsen to second-line docetaxel or to terminate tthey trial early for survival futility. We would aim to complete tthey more rigorous second interim futility analyses by mid-2015, subject to completion of ttheyse modifications. Based on tthey improved survival benefit observed in poor prognostic patients treated with Custirsen in tthey completed Phase 3 SYNERGY trial, we’re optimistic about tthey ongoing AFFINITY and ENSPIRIT trials because tthey greater proportion of patients with poor prognostic features are being enrolled in ttheyse second-line Phase 3 trials. In light of tthey encouraging SYNERGY results in ttheir patient population, we may also prospectively evaluate those patients with poor prognostic factors within tthey ongoing Phase 3 AFFINITY and ENSPIRIT trials. I’d now like to provide an update on our proprietary candidate apatorsen and tthey ORCA program. Apatorsen is our product candidate designed to inhibit production of Heat shock protein 27, a cell survival protein expressed in many types of cancers including bladder, non-small cell lung, pancreatic, prostate and breast cancers. Hsp27 expression is stress-induced by many anti-cancer ttheyrapies. Over expression of Hsp27 is thought to be an important factor leading to tthey development of treatment resistance and tumor immune escape mechanisms, both of which are associated with metastasis and negative clinical outcomes in patients with various tumor types. Hsp27 can also function as an immunomodulatory protein by a number of mechanisms that include altering important membrane expressed proteins on monocytes and immature dendritic cells. Ttheir alteration results in tumor-associated immune cells that are not functional in identifying and killing cancer cells. Tthey induction of anti-inflammatory cytokines by Hsp27 may also play a role in down-regulating lymphocyte activation leading to additional unresponsive immune cells. Given its role we believe ttheir is a unique mechanism that could be synergistic with ottheyr ttheyrapies and as a result is generating considerable interest. We and collaborating investigators are currently conducting five randomized Phase 2 clinical trials that are being designed to evaluate tthey ability of apatorsen to enhance various treatments in patients with bladder, lung, pancreatic and prostate cancers. Tthey primary endpoints of ttheyse Phase 2 trials are survival or progression free survival outcomes in order to identify patient populations and indications for future company sponsored trials. It’s worth noting that statistically significant differences in ttheyse trials are unlikely due to small sample sizes. However tthey trials are designed to potentially support registration if tthey primary endpoints reach statistical significance. Let me start with tthey study of apatorsen and its potential role across tthey continuum of bladder cancer treatment, including both superficial and metastatic bladder cancer. Bladder cancer is a disease wtheyre limited treatment advances have been made over tthey last two decades. Ttheir represents a high unmet need for new treatments that extend survival given tthey overwtheylming number of patients who are diagnosed each year and progressed on current treatment. In December 2014, we announced results for our Phase 2 Borealis-1 trial of apatorsen in tthey treatment of metastatic bladder cancer. Subsequent analysis showed that tthey addition of 600 milligrams of apatorsen to standard of care ctheymottheyrapy resulted in a 50% reduction in tthey risk of death in patients with lower performance status. As I mentioned earlier, a similar result in patients with poor prognostic factors was observed in tthey Custirsen SYNERGY trial. Ttheyse two trial’s results confirm our belief that ttheyse product candidates, both of which targets stress-induced proteins, maybe most effective in patients with poor prognostic features. Turning to superficial disease, we completed a Phase 1 trial of apatorsen in patients with superficial disease or muscle invasive bladder cancer who had not yet undergone vasectomy or transurethral resection. Results of ttheir trial demonstrated that of tthey patients treated with apatorsen 38% had complete responses with no pathologic evidence of disease observed in polysurgical tissue following only four doses of apatorsen administered intravascularly over an eight day period. Tthey Borealis-2 trial is currently evaluating apatorsen in combination with docetaxel treatment in patients with advanced or metastatic bladder cancer who have disease progression following first-line ctheymottheyrapy. We expect enrollment in ttheir trial to complete in late 2015. Based on clinical results to-date, we are currently evaluating parallel development strategies for continued evaluation of apatorsen in both superficial and metastatic bladder cancer. Moving to pancreatic cancer, in December of last year, we announced completion of patient enrollment in tthey Phase 2 Rainier clinical trial evaluating apatorsen in combination with ABRAXANE and gemcitabine in patients with previously untreated metastatic pancreatic cancer. We expect to report survival results for ttheir trial in late 2013 or early 2016. Turning to our evaluation of apatorsen in lung cancer, apatorsen is currently tthey subject of two ongoing Phase 2 trials, Spruce and Cedar. We’ve recently announced completion of patient enrollment in tthey Spruce clinical trial evaluating apatorsen in patients with previously untreated advanced non-small cell lung cancer. Tthey trial will allow us to better understand tthey role of apatorsen’s potential to delay or prevent treatment resistance and improve survival outcomes. We expect to report primary results of tthey Phase 2 Spruce trial in tthey first half of 2015. In addition, tthey Cedar clinical trial is currently enrolling patients. Cedar is an investigator sponsored, randomized, open-labeled Phase 2 trial evaluating apatorsen in patients with previously untreated advanced sctheyma cell lung cancer. That completes tthey development program update. At ttheir time, I’ll turn tthey call over to John who will review our fourth quarter and year-end 2014 financial results. John? John Bencich Thanks Scott. We ended 2014 with approximately 47.1 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. Based on our current expectations, we believe our capital resources as of December 31, 2014, will be sufficient to fund our currently planned operations into tthey third quarter of 2016 and through tthey following milestones. Results from tthey Phase 3 AFFINITY trial expected in late 2015, early 2016, completion of patient enrollment in tthey Borealis-2 trial expected in late 2015, results from Rainier trial expected in late 2015 or early 2016 and results from tthey Spruce trial expected in tthey first half of 2016. Upon completion of tthey agreement with Teva to terminate our collaboration and based on tthey terms previously disclosed, we expect that we will receive a payment of approximately 27 million subject to certain adjustments. We believe that that payment from Teva togettheyr with our current cash and cash equivalents would be sufficient to complete tthey milestones just mentioned, as well as a modified second futility analysis on tthey ENSPIRIT trial. Additional capital will be required to fund completion of ENSPIRIT beyond tthey second futility analyses. Revenue for tthey fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2014 was 5.7 million and 27.1 million respectively. Ttheir compares with 8.6 million and 29.9 million respectively in tthey same period in 2013. Revenue earned in 2014 consists of reimbursable clinical trial, manufacturing and preclinical costs incurred by OncoGenex under tthey collaboration agreement with Teva. Total operating expenses for tthey fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2014, were 12.3 million and 56.6 million respectively. Net loss for tthey fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2014 was 5.7 million and 26.2 million respectively. In February of ttheir year, we announced tthey execution of a new lease agreement enabling tthey relocation of our Bottheyll, Washington theyadquarters, yielding significant savings through 2017. That concludes tthey prepared financial results discussion. I will now turn tthey call back over to Scott for closing remarks. Scott? Scott Cormack Thanks John. In conclusion with numerous trials across multiple tumor types, stages of disease and in combination with various ttheyrapies, we are in tthey midst of an exciting time as we are nearing key enrollment and data milestones. We believe we have sufficient financial resources to fund our operations into tthey third quarter of 2016 and an experienced and dedicated team that will enable us to achieve our goals. Thank you again for joining us today. And at ttheir time, I’d like to invite tthey operator to open tthey line for questions, Roger? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Samuel Xu with William Blair. Your line is open. Joe Aranofsky Hi, ttheir is Joe and I am sitting in for Samuel. I have a question about tthey Borealis-1 data. So based on tthey Borealis-1 data, do you have any idea wtheyn you would seek to initiate a Phase 3 trial on metastatic bladder cancer, and how do you plan on funding it? Would you seek to partner apatorsen before initiating a Phase 3 trial or would you -- is ttheyre some ottheyr idea in mind? Scott Cormack Hi, Joe thanks for tthey question. So tthey plans right now we have a fairly diverse development strategy for apatorsen with respect to tthey continuum of bladder cancer as we discussed in tthey prepared statements now having results for superficial disease, as well as tthey frontline metastatic setting. We’re looking at tthey development of a fairly broad development program that would cover both of those areas and ttheyn potentially tthey second-line setting dependent upon tthey results of Borealis-2 clinical trial. At ttheir point it’s probably a little bit early to say exactly wtheyre that direction is, as we typically do in contracts at partnering, we do shared results with potential partners with tthey view of sharing what we’re doing and hopefully securing partnerships for tthey future. But at ttheir point I don’t think we've got a direct path on how that would be. We still have some activities that we want to take specific protocols to regulatory authorities including of course tthey FDA and that would drive that strategy. So it’s kind of in those early stages of that part of tthey development program. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Steptheyn Willey with Stifel. Your line is now open.  Prakhar Verma Hi, ttheir is Prakhar Verma for Steve today. Thank you for taking tthey question. So, you talked about that you may prospectively define and evaluate patient population in both AFFINITY and ENSPIRIT trials. So can you comment on tthey criteria that you will be using for defining ttheir population or how does that would affect power for tthey overall population? Kind of go through tthey steps required for that, and also would it require regulatory approval for prospectively analyzing that population? Scott Cormack Yes so I’ll give you tthey first part and ttheyn I’ll turn on tthey back part for Cindy Jacobs our CMO to respond in a little bit more specifics for you. So, remember that ttheyre is probably already an enrichment in that or for that population in respect to both tthey AFFINITY trial and ENSPIRIT trial, just by tthey nature of tthey fact that ttheyse are second-line patients versus SYNERGY which was tthey frontline, so tthey fact that tthey target increases with exposure to treatment at tthey stage of disease. We should see a natural enrichment that comes from tthey population just because ttheyy are second-line that would have had progressed and failed off tthey frontline study. So with respect to tthey specifics and amendments that we’re looking at doing, I’ll pass that over to Cindy who can give you a little bit more background. Cindy Jacobs Sure, based on tthey SYNERGY data, that data showed seven prognostic features that defined a poor prognostic patient population within that trial. We’re looking at what those prognostic features might theylp define in tthey AFFINITY trial for prostate cancer. And looking at -- obviously ttheyre is precedence for doing perspective defining of poor prognostic population say maybe having three or four out of tthey seven prognostic factors. If we did do ttheir as far as tthey survival analysis that was a co-primary or in addition we would definitely be seeking regulatory consent and approval of how we were doing tthey analyses both in Europe and at FDA. Tthey ENSPIRIT is a little different because tthey patient’s population that is being accrued and that is an ongoing accrual right now, we’re watching it. Tthey patients are already have very many poor prognostic factors. So we may or may not be doing that. We really need to see a little bit more in tthey enrollment pattern of ttheir patient population which is already poor prognostic. Prakhar Verma And second question, can you provide an update on tthey Pacific trial? You have indicated that you may submit data at a medical meeting in ttheir year. Can you provide an update on that? Thank you. Cindy Jacobs Yes, actually that’s tthey investigator-sponsored trial with tthey Hoosier Oncology Group, and we did look at that. And although tthey patient enrollment is doing well it’s not quite complete, should be completed by tthey end of ttheir year. And so as tthey investigators we looked at assessing tthey data at tthey end of tthey year and hopefully presenting at a GU ASCO 2016. So wasn’t quite ready for preliminary results at ASCO or later on ttheir year. Operator Thank you. I am showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir. I would like to turn tthey call back to Scott Cormack for closing remarks. Scott Cormack All right, thank you very much. So we just want to close off by thanking you for joining and participating in our call ttheir afternoon. As indicated in tthey prepared statements and throughout ttheyre is an awful lot of activity going on over tthey next 12 months or so with tthey results from a number of trails starting to mature forward in both tthey Custirsen program and tthey apatorsen program it’s a very exciting time for us and we look forward to providing you updates as we go through tthey balance of tthey year with additional clinical results. Thank you very much for your time and attention. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. Ttheir does conclude today’s program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.