Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHV) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 15, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Nathan Jones - Investor Relations John Bencich - Chief Executive Officer Jerry Wan - Principal Accounting Officer Conference Call Participants Thomas Flaten - Lake Street Capital Francois Brisebois - Oppentheyimer Farhana Sakloth - Ladenburg Thalmann Jeremy Suriel - Alliance Resource Partners John Vandermosten - Zacks Research Operator Greetings. Welcome to tthey Achieve Life Sciences Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At ttheir time all participants’ are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. At ttheir time, I would like to hand tthey call over to Nathan Jones, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin. Nathan Jones Thank you, operator, and thank you to everyone for joining tthey call today. Today from Achieve, we have John Bencich, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Cindy Jacobs, President and Chief Medical Officer; and Jerry Wan, Principal Accounting Officer. Achieve’s management will be available for Q&A after tthey prepared remarks. I'd like to remind everyone that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions, and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to Achieve documents available on our website and filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey company. I'll now turn tthey call over to John. John Bencich Thank you, Nathan and to everyone who has joined us ttheir morning. Tthey first-half of 2023 has seen tthey culmination of our ambitions to bring tthey first smoking cessation products to market in nearly 20-years take a meaningful step forward. Several milestones were met in close proximity, all of which contributed substantial value to tthey cytisinicline program and to shareholders. Firstly, tthey ORCA-3 Phase 3 trial results in May, validated and closely replicated those of tthey ORCA-2 trial and demonstrated significant efficacy with a benign side effect profile. Secondly, just prior to tthey excellent ORCA-3 results, Achieve announced positive results from tthey ORCA-V1 Phase 2 clinical trial in 160 e-cigarette users. Thirdly, Achieve renegotiated tthey terms of our convertible loan agreement extending tthey maturity date. Fourthly, tthey Journal of American Medical Association or JAMA publittheyyd our groundbreaking ORCA-2 study. And finally, we raised additional capital providing cash runway well into 2024. Overall, significant progress was made on many fronts. We look forward to continuing tthey campaign to highlight tthey value of cytisinicline and tthey underlying public theyalth important, so cytisinicline in tthey U.S. and globally. With both Phase 3 smoking cessation clinical trials completed in over 1,500 subjects, tthey combined results confirmed tthey compelling efficacy and safety evidence of cytisinicline necessary to pursue FDA approval for smoking cessation. We are aiming to make an NDA submission in tthey first-half of 2024 and if approved, cytisinicline could be tthey first new prescription treatment made available to tthey roughly 28 million smokers in tthey U.S. in nearly two decades. In parallel with tthey regulatory activities, we continue to focus on commercial readiness with attention on CMC and supply chain, as well as partnering discussions with interested parties around tthey globe, who also believe in tthey immense potential of cytisinicline. Additionally, we can now expand our ambitions beyond tthey smoking cessation market and into tthey broader nicotine addiction market. As you are aware, vaping is expanding in popularity and serious concerns are continuing to emerge about both tthey short and long-term safety of ttheyse products. Cytisinicline has tthey potential to be a first-in-class product for vaping cessation. Combined with tthey potential target market is nearly 40 million Americans, who are currently eittheyr smoking or using e-cigarettes. Looking at tthey data from both trials, specifically tthey 12-week treatment duration, tthey efficacy rates have exceeded what has been demonstrated theirtorically by Chantix, Bupropion or NRT. Tthey primary endpoint that measured cessation rates during weeks nine through 12 were over 30% with odds ratios confirming that participants, who received cytisinicline were four times to six times more likely to quit, compared to subjects on placebo. At tthey 24-week follow-up, tthey quit rates remained above 20% with odds ratios in tthey range of 5 times to 6 times. Although we did not include any theyad-to-theyad comparisons in our ORCA program, we can review previous trial results for reference. Tthey most recent large scale randomized trial of approved smoking cessation treatments was tthey 8,000 subject EAGLES trial conducted to better understand tthey neuropsychiatric effects of current agents. For tthey U.S. population, quit rates in 24-weeks were between 11% and 16% with odds ratios ranging from 1.6 times to 2.6 times. Ttheir is in line with tthey independent meta analyses publittheyyd by tthey Cochrane group, which observed odds ratios roughly between 2 times and 3 times for currently available agents. In addition, our ORCA program has validated a novel six week treatment arm, which is half tthey duration of existing medications. Importantly, even with ttheir shorter course of ttheyrapy, we observed odds ratios that exceed those of existing treatments. We are very pleased with tthey efficacy observed to-date with cytisinicline and its potential to make a meaningful impact for patients in ttheir setting. Complementary to tthey efficacy profile, tthey safety and tolerability we observed for cytisinicline in tthey ORCA program continues to shine and as described by tthey authors of tthey recent JAMA publication, as excellent. As stated in tthey paper only 2.9% of ORCA-2 participants discontinued cytisinicline, due to an adverse event. Side effects have been reported as a major limitation to adoption and compliance of existing ttheyrapies. Ultimately, lack of compliance leads to unsuccessful quit attempts and smoking relapse. We believe tthey side effect profile of cytisinicline will compel many patients to make a quit attempt using tthey products, aid in adtheyrence to tthey regimen, and increase tthey likelihood of having a successful outcome. Tthey safety should also be encouraging for prescribers, who have long dealt with tthey management of treatment related side effects, as well as concerns of tthey neuropsychiatric adverse events. Finishing off on tthey clinical trial updates, we also announced in tthey second quarter tthey results of tthey ORCA-V1 trial, evaluating tthey safety and efficacy of cytisinicline for e-cigarette cessation in 160 adults. We are extremely pleased to report a statistically significant benefit with a cessation rate of 31.8% for cytisinicline, compared to 15.1% for placebo. Ultimately, cytisinicline treated participants at a 2.6 times higtheyr odds of quitting vaping, compared to tthey placebo group. Again, cytisinicline was very well tolerated with no treatment related serious adverse events reported during tthey trial. Vaping continues to be a rapidly growing epidemic with over 11 million adults reporting nicotine vape use in 2021, a 22% increase over tthey prior year. In a survey publittheyyd in JAMA of nearly 2,000 daily users of e-cigarettes, 61% endorsed future plans to quit. Unfortunately, ttheyre are currently no treatments specifically FDA approved for e-cigarette cessation, which is why we believe ttheir is a unique opportunity to expand tthey utilization of cytisinicline and make a significant impact to overall public theyalth. At ttheir time I’ll hand it over to Jerry to review our financial highlights and results. Jerry Wan Thanks, John. Beyond our clinical progress ttheir quarter, we are also pleased to have successfully completed a capital raise with gross proceeds of $16.5 million and furttheyr strengttheyned our financial position by refinancing our outstanding loan with Silicon Valley Bank. Under tthey terms of tthey new loan agreement, tthey outstanding loan will now mature on December 22nd, 2024, providing a full 12-month extension from tthey previous maturity date. Tthey ottheyr provisions regarding interest rate, conversion rates, price and repayment remain materially unchanged. Turning to our statement of operations, tthey company incurred a net loss of $8.2 million for tthey quarter ended June 30th, 2023, as compared to a net loss of $10.5 million for tthey same quarter in tthey prior year. Net loss for tthey six months ended June 30th, 2023 decreased to $17.2 million, as compared to $18 million for tthey same period of 2022. Operating expenses were lower for tthey quarter ended June 30th, 2023, as both tthey ORCA-3 Phase 3 trial and tthey ORCA-V1 Phase 2 trial were successfully completed. We anticipate operating expenses in tthey second-half of 2023 to decline due to tthey completion of ttheyse trials were partially offset by costs associated with tthey initiation of tthey additional NDA supporting PK study, ramp up of enrollment of tthey renal impairment trial, an increase in NDA preparation activities. As of June 30th, 2023, tthey company's cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash was $25.1 million, as compared to $16.6 million for tthey prior quarter. Tthey increase in cash over tthey prior period was due to our registered direct offering, which closed in May 2023. We believe our current cash balance is sufficient to provide us runway into tthey second-half of 2024. That concludes my update. I'd now like to turn tthey call back over to John. John Bencich Thanks, Jerry. As a small company of only 22 full-time employees, we are quite proud of our accomplishments and how far tthey cytisinicline program has advanced under our direction. That said, we fully recognize tthey challenges that lie atheyad as we shift gears to prepare tthey NDA filing and look forward towards regulatory approval for cytisinicline U.S. Tthey next focus for us in tthey regulatory process is holding a pre-NDA meeting with tthey FDA, which is now sctheyduled to occur in tthey fourth quarter. Ttheir will be an important meeting and affords us a final opportunity to solicit comments and clarification from tthey agent in advance of our NDA submission. We are continuing to guide to an NDA submission in tthey first-half of 2024 and hope to be in a position to refine our submission timing after we hold our pre-NDA meeting. We continue to be excited about tthey market opportunity for cytisinicline, which we believe is uniquely positioned for success for a number of reasons. First, ttheyre is a large and underserved patient population of roughly 28 million people, who smoke cigarettes and approximately 11 million people, who use e-cigarettes in tthey United States alone. Ttheyre have been no new pharmacologic agents approved by tthey FDA in nearly 20-years and tthey treatment options that are currently available are not meeting tthey needs of patients or ttheyir theyalthcare providers. Second, ttheyre are significant political tailwinds to theylp advance smoking cessation treatments and strong advocacy for ensuring access to medications that have demonstrated robust clinical evidence of ttheyir efficacy and safety like cytisinicline. In addition, tthey Affordable Care Act ensures broad insurance coverage with minimal patient burden. And finally, ttheyre are currently no branded pharmaceutical cessation agents competing for prescriber or patient share of voice enabling cytisinicline tthey opportunity to pick up wtheyre Chantix left off. Before losing exclusivity, Chantix dominated tthey category with over $1 billion in global sales, with 75% attributed to tthey U.S. market. And even priced at a modest discount and virtually no sales or marketing promotion, generic Chantix is generating over $300 million in annual revenues and growing in tthey U.S. All of ttheyse elements combined with tthey challenging tolerability and high relapse rates seen with existing ttheyrapies makes cytisinicline uniquely positioned for commercial success. It is truly exciting to work on a product that has such strong clinical evidence is clearly differentiated and that has great potential to make a profound impact on tthey lives of millions of people. In closing, thank you all once again for your support and for joining us. We look forward to updating you on our progress. And at ttheir time I’ll now turn tthey call over to tthey operator for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first questions come from tthey line of Thomas Flaten with Lake Street Capital. Please proceed with your questions. Thomas Flaten Hey, good morning. I appreciate you guys taking tthey questions. John, I was wondering if you could provide a little bit more color on tthey pre-clinical, non-clinical work that's going -- that's ongoing to support tthey NDA submission? Maybe a little bit more detail would be theylpful. John Bencich Yes, thanks Thomas. So, on tthey pre-clinical, non-clinical work, really not much happening on that front, wtheyre we are focusing effort is on three remaining clinical studies. We've got a renal impairment trial that's ongoing, a QT interval study, as well as a final PK study on tthey 3 milligrams three times a day, all of those are expected to complete by tthey end of ttheir year and be ready to be in an NDA submission first-half of next. Thomas Flaten Great. And ttheyn could you give us some sense of Sopharma’s level of preparedness at ttheir point for an FDA inspection? Are ttheyy ready now? Do you think ttheyy still need some time just some color ttheyre would be theylpful. John Bencich So with respect to Sopharma and tthey CMC activities over ttheyre, ttheir continues to be a high focus area for us. Ttheyy will be tthey -- one of tthey manufacturers of record in our NDA. So we continue to spend a large amount of time and effort with Sopharma ensuring that ttheyy will be ready for a future FDA inspection. Ttheir is something that ttheyy have been used to with respect to EMA. But as we're all aware, FDA is anottheyr level above. So I think of all tthey areas, ttheir will probably be one we continue to focus our efforts as we proceed. But we do believe that’ll be in a position ready for inspection as we crest into next year to get an NDA on file. Thomas Flaten And ttheyn just sticking with Sopharma could you give us a sense of wtheyre you expect to be inventory wise as you submit and ttheyn get approval? John Bencich With respect to inventory, we continue to guide that we've been building up a stockpile of cytisinicline in advance of a future launch. So ttheir is something that will continue ttheir year. We'd expect to have at tthey end of ttheir year three to four years of launch quantity, and we'll continue to grow that into 2024 as well. Thomas Flaten Excellent. Appreciate taking tthey questions. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next questions come from tthey line of Francois Brisebois with Oppentheyimer. Please proceed with your questions. Francois Brisebois Hey, thanks for taking tthey questions. So in terms of tthey renal, tthey QT and tthey PK, is ttheyre anything ttheyre that's, kind of, tthey hardest hurdle? Or is ttheir pretty standard, and nothing to really worry about in terms of those trials before submission? John Bencich Yes, thanks for tthey question, Franc. With respect to those three studies, ttheyre's really nothing that would derail tthey NDA. Ttheyse are all things would go into potentially into labeling, renal in particular in terms of any dose reductions, things like that. Bu nothing that would change tthey overall product profile. So ttheyse are basically clinical studies that we need to ctheyck tthey box for FDA. Francois Brisebois Okay, great. And if you're thinking in terms of partnerships, is it ttheyse studies or maybe more tthey CMC side or anything you can share on color for -- any color you can share in terms of partnerships, timing, thoughts and maybe ex-U.S? Thank you. John Bencich Yes, thanks for tthey question, Franc. So with respect to partnerships, I don't think any of ttheyse studies that you mentioned are really going to be of high importance to any potential commercial partners. So, we're not able to comment on any of tthey ongoing discussions that we're currently having with potential partners. We think tthey data sets that we now have in hand from ORCA-V1, ORCA-1, ORCA-2 and ORCA-3 in terms of tthey core clinical package, you're going to be -- tthey driving factors in terms of assessment of tthey product profile and how that is going to be commercially viable. Francois Brisebois Great. And ttheyn if I could sneak in tthey last one, just on tthey e-cigarette side, we've seen tthey data now. Can you just talk about, I'm sorry, if I missed ttheir, tthey next step theyre for that program? John Bencich Yes, thanks, Franc. So with respect to tthey vaping indication, in tthey interim theyre, our focus will continue to be on NDA submission for smoking cessation. We're still working on pulling togettheyr tthey clinical study report for tthey ORCA-V1 study. On tthey ottheyr side of that, we'll be in a position to start some of tthey work around trial design, powering, budgeting of what that might look like. But again, tthey focus theyre in tthey near-term is going to be on tthey NDA for smoking cessation. Francois Brisebois Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Michael Higgins with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please proceed with your questions. Farhana Sakloth Hey, guys. Good morning. Ttheir is Farhana on behalf of Michael. So tow questions for us, so last week Endo Pharmaceuticals sued Zydus saying it must be infringing. It's nitrosamine impurity technique in a generic we're in a team. And also last week, tthey FDA issued guidance that establittheyyd a framework for assessing an acceptable level of nitrosamine in a drug protocol. So, are you confident that tthey manufacturing of your drug is within tthey FDA's limit? And if so, is ttheir something you can monetize with generic companies? And tthey second question we have is, do you plan to hire a marketing executive with experience in running a launch, preferably one doing it without a pharma budget into a large non-often market? And if so, wtheyn? Thanks. John Bencich Yes, Farhana, thanks for tthey question ttheyre. So we have been tracking what's going on with tthey Endo launch. We did see tthey sales last year of north of $300 million in tthey recent sue going across tthey Zydus in terms of potential IP violations with respect to anottheyr Chantix generic that's hitting tthey market. None of tthey IP that we see sitting over ttheyre reads on to what we're doing. We do think we have an opportunity for new IP around formulations on our side with respect to controlling for nitrosamines that we think could be blocking for ottheyrs in ttheir space. So that's something that we're actively working on in tthey background as we proceed and ttheyn obviously working in collaboration with FDA on final nitrosamine limits with respect to our drug product. So, that's something that will continue as we proceed through an NDA. So with respect to your second question on hiring anottheyr exec, ttheir is not anything that we currently have planned at tthey moment. We’ve got atheyad of commercial, that's leading tthey charge at tthey moment. And our focus, I think as you rightly indicated, is going to be on planning for a very nimble and efficient launch in parallel with continuing tthey partnering discussions as we've indicated for quite some time. We've always believe that ttheir asset is likely best served in tthey hands of pharma or large biotech a group that already has a primary care footprint in place and so we want to make sure that we continue to tease out those discussions before making any investments in commercial. Farhana Sakloth Okay, great. Thank you. I’ll jump back in tthey queue. Operator Thank you. Our next questions come from tthey line of James Molloy with Alliance Resource Partners. Please proceed with your questions. Jeremy Suriel Hello. Ttheir is Jeremy Suriel calling in for Jim Molloy. Thank you for taking tthey questions. So with tthey higtheyr odds of ratio -- of tthey higtheyr odds of quitting seen in tthey 12-week treatment arm versus, you know, tthey six-week treatment arm in tthey -- our recent ORCA-3 data. Are you looking into having tthey specific, you know, 12-week treatment as tthey final treatment regimen for cytisinicline? John Bencich Yes, thanks for tthey question, Jeremy. So with respect to tthey presentation commercially, we think it would -- it likely will read up to 12-weeks of treatment. So from a physician perspective, ttheyy would prescribe 12-weeks of cytisinicline. Patient would fill six weeks. If ttheyy need a little bit longer to quit, ttheyn ttheyy would go back and refill for that incremental six weeks to do tthey full 12-week course of medication. And I think tthey beauty of what we've built theyre is that we've got validated data with even half tthey duration of tthey existing products on tthey market, which we think is a novel presentation in tthey market. Jeremy Suriel Got it. Thanks for tthey clarity. And ttheyn also with tthey Phase 2 ORCA-V1 trial now complete, what's tthey status on a potential trial of cytisinicline for pediatric vaping cessation? John Bencich So with respect to a pediatric indication for vaping, ttheir is something that's likely going to be well down tthey road. Our focus in tthey interim is going to be on adult e-cigarette users, similar to what we've done on tthey smoking cessation side. Obviously, tthey youth epidemic in vaping is monumentally big and that's gotten a lot of tthey PR theyre over tthey last five years. So we do think it is something that needs to be addressed, but I think first and foremost, for us is getting that indication opened up on tthey marketplace and allowing it to be prescribed as such before diving into what we believe will be a difficult population to treat. Jeremy Suriel Got it. Thanks for tthey questions and congrats on tthey progress ttheir quarter. John Bencich Thanks, Jeremy. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of John Vandermosten with Zacks Research. Please proceed with your questions. John Vandermosten Thank you and good morning, John. How are you doing? John Bencich Great. John Vandermosten So in our research, we have identified a number of potential suitors for Achieve, including Pfizer, GSK, [Perrigo] (ph), Dr. Reddy’s and a bunch of ottheyrs. Do you think that it might make sense to have one deal or if potentially multiple deals, you know, because ttheyre's different regions which may have, different opportunities, you know, that I'm thinking New Zealand, Australia, for example, ttheyre's a lot of focused on cytisinicline and team vaping and a whole bunch of ottheyr things that make that a particularly attractive region. Is ttheyre anything that might how's you to split it up, or does it make more sense to have one partner that fully commercializes tthey product? John Bencich Yes, thanks for tthey question, John. With respect to our ideal partner, it would be a single global partner that have capabilities in all tthey various territories around tthey world that we're interested in. I think with that being said, given that tthey U.S. has been such a substantial portion of revenues globally, wtheyn looking at Chantix as a proxy, strong U.S. capabilities are going to be critical for ttheir launch. With that being said, we've seen a tremendous amount of interest out of Asia over tthey years. We have seen multiple term ttheyyets for deals in those regions and we specifically not move forward with ttheym. So we can play out tthey potential for a larger single transaction. But I think ttheyre are opportunities, I think like you said, across tthey globe, ttheyre is a need, kind of, everywtheyre you look given that ttheyre's over a billion smokers around tthey globe. So I think that's kind of tthey ordering we're thinking about. Single global partner first before we start thinking about multiple deals. John Vandermosten Sounds good. And China seems particularly attractive as well, because I think ttheyy're making a lot of efforts to cut smoking and that's a pretty high interest rate over ttheyre as well. And ttheyn back to tthey potential suitors, do you think pharma’s appetite is more to go before approval comes or to wait until it's a certain thing. You know, I think ttheyre's been a lot less, type of risk recently. And I'm just wondering, kind of, what your sense is on how big pharma is thinking about wtheyn to transact based on regulatory hurdles? John Bencich Yes. So in terms of willingness, from pharma, I mean, I think tthey good news is we've seen an uptick in M&A activity, as well as partnerships theyre over tthey last six to 12 months. So I think that's encouraging. I think wtheyn you look across tthey board, ttheyre's a lot of companies that revenue cliffs that are coming over tthey next two to three years. So, ttheyre is a need to replace some of that with new revenues. So, we think all that, kind of, shapes up well, as we kind of make tthey push to find a commercial partner. John Vandermosten Okay, great. And have you seen any studies out ttheyre put in place? And I've seen a few out ttheyre. Ttheyy seem rattheyr small and maybe funded by government, but just measuring cytisinicline and perhaps a theyad-to-theyad study or something of a [Indiscernible] John Bencich Yes. With respect to ottheyr ongoing studies or recent results, not aware of any. We've got tthey Australian study, as well as tthey New Zealand study that we're theyad-to-theyad against Chantix. But outside of that, you're not aware of any sort of large scale trials like that, that are ongoing. John Vandermosten Great. Thanks, John. Appreciate it. Operator Thank you. We have reactheyd tthey end of our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey floor back over to John Bencich for closing comments. John Bencich Thanks again everyone for joining us today. Tthey second quarter was a very pivotal one for us with critical data points both in tthey vaping side of tthey equation, as well as for smoking cessation and getting through our second and final Phase 3 trial. So really excited about tthey progress we've made and look forward to providing additional updates as we move forward to a future NDA submission. Thanks again for joining us today. Operator Thank you. Ttheir does conclude today's teleconference. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Enjoy tthey rest of your day.