OncoGenex Pharmaceuticals (OGXI) Q1 2014 Earnings Call April 30, 2014 4:30 PM ET Executives Harold Specht Scott Daniel Cormack - Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director Harold Wyrick - Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President of Finance Cindy Jacobs - Chief Medical Officer and Executive Vice President Analysts Filippo Petti - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Chad J. Messer - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Steptheyn D. Willey - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Presentation Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey OncoGenex First Quarter 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Surea. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey call over to Harold Specht, Senior Director, Investor Relations with OncoGenex Pharmaceuticals. Please go atheyad, ma'am. Harold Specht Thank you, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. With me today from OncoGenex are Scott Cormack, Chief Executive Officer; and Harold Wyrick, VP of Finance. Also joining me on tthey call are Cindy Jacobs, Chief Medical Officer; and Jaime Welch, VP of Marketing and Corporate Communications. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to OncoGenex's documents filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey company, copies of which are available on tthey website. I'll now turn tthey call over to Scott. Scott Daniel Cormack Thank you, Harold. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. Earlier today, we announced our first quarter 2014 financial results, and a copy of tthey press release can be found on our website. Since most of you on today's call joined us earlier ttheir week to discuss results from our Phase III SYNERGY trial, we will keep our prepared remarks brief to make sure we have an opportunity to address any additional questions you may have today. As you know, on Monday, we announced that top line survival results in tthey Phase III SYNERGY trial indicate tthey addition of custirsen to standard first-line dose attacks on prednisone ttheyrapy did not consistently improve overall survival. Tthey adverse events observed were similar to custirsen's known adverse event profile. Tthey results of tthey SYNERGY trial are unexpected, given tthey large amount of preclinical and clinical evidence confirming custirsen's ability to suppress tthey cancer-protective protein, clusterin, and for long overall survival in CRPC patients. OncoGenex and Teva are performing a thorough analysis of tthey data to understand tthey potential factors that may have contributed to tthey results. I want to reiterate that we remain strong in our belief that targeting mechanisms and treatment resistance is a critical path forward in tthey fight against cancer, and we continue to actively pursue ttheir approach through tthey ongoing development of custirsen and our proprietary candidate targeting Hsp27, apatorsen. Before I turn things over to Harold for a review of our financials, I'd like to review our anticipated milestones for both custirsen and apatorsen. Our custirsen Phase III AFFINITY trial is designed to evaluate tthey potential survival benefit of custirsen in combination with cabazitaxel, a second-line ctheymottheyrapy, in approximately 630 men with metastatic CRPC. Patient enrollment to tthey AFFINITY trial began in August 2012, and we currently expect to complete enrollment by tthey end of 2014. We also recently announced that tthey FDA has granted Fast Track designation for custirsen in tthey AFFINITY trial. As we stated on our SYNERGY results call on Monday, clusterin is more theyavily expressed as a reaction to treatment. Ttheyrefore, custirsen may have increased benefit in more theyavily treated patients like patients in both tthey AFFINITY and ENSPIRIT trials that are designed to evaluate patients in a second-line treatment setting. Ttheyrefore, we believe tthey AFFINITY trial is extremely important for patients for whom life prolonging treatments are limited after ttheyy've developed resistance to docetaxel-based ttheyrapies. Our custirsen Phase III ENSPIRIT trial is also in a second-line setting and is ongoing. Ttheir international Phase III trial is designed to evaluate tthey potential of custirsen to improve survival outcomes in patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer, who have progressed after initial ctheymottheyrapy treatment. Patients are being randomized to receive second-line standard of care docetaxel treatment, with or without custirsen ttheyrapy. Importantly, we expect tthey first interim futility analysis for ENSPIRIT before tthey end of ttheir year. With regards to our proprietary program, apatorsen is currently being evaluated in a total of 7 Phase II clinical trials in bladder, lung, pancreatic and prostate cancers. We look forward to sharing with you results from our randomized Phase II Borealis-1 trial of apatorsen in tthey treatment of advanced bladder cancer in tthey second half of ttheir year. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Harold, for a review of our first quarter 2014 financial results. Harold? Harold Wyrick Thanks, Scott. We ended tthey first quarter of 2014 with approximately $37.6 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. We continue to believe that we have sufficient operating capital to fund our currently planned operations beyond tthey first quarter of 2015 and through tthey expected release of final results from tthey Borealis-1 trial and through tthey completion of enrollment in tthey AFFINITY and Spruce clinical trials in tthey second half of 2014. Revenue for tthey first quarter of 2014 increased to $11.7 million compared with $5.1 million in tthey same period in 2013. Tthey increase in 2014 as compared to 2013, was due to an increase in revenue earned through our strategic collaboration with Teva, as a result of patient enrollment and treatment in tthey AFFINITY trial. Total operating expenses for tthey first quarter of 2014 were $19.7 million compared with $13.4 million in tthey same period in 2013. Tthey increase in tthey first quarter of 2014, as compared to tthey first quarter of 2013 was predominantly a result of higtheyr clinical trial expenses associated with patient enrollment and treatments in tthey AFFINITY trial and tthey apatorsen investigator-sponsored trial. Net loss for tthey first quarter of 2014 was $8.6 million or $0.59 per diluted common share. Comparatively, net loss for tthey first quarter of 2013 was $6.7 million or $0.46 per diluted common share. Tthey net loss for tthey first quarter of 2014 included a noncash loss on revaluation of our warrant liability of $721,000, compared with a noncash gain of $1.4 million in tthey first quarter of 2013. I will now turn tthey call back over to Scott for closing remarks. Scott Daniel Cormack Thanks, Harold. In conclusion, we continue to believe that our approach of targeting proteins that contribute to treatment resistance is critical in tthey fight against cancer. Ttheyre are several exciting near-term milestones and our focus throughout tthey coming months will be tthey following: to announce Borealis-1 results in tthey second half of ttheir year; to complete tthey first interim futility analysis for ENSPIRIT; to complete enrollment of tthey AFFINITY trial of custirsen in second-line prostate cancer; and to support enrollment efforts of tthey 6 ongoing Phase II trials of apatorsen in 4 tumor types, including tthey completion of enrollment in tthey apatorsen Spruce trial in non-small cell lung cancer. We look forward to sharing more with you as ttheyse programs continue to advance. Thank you, again, for joining us today. And at ttheir time, I'd like to invite tthey operator to open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And I'm showing our first question comes from tthey line of Thomas Xu of William Blair. Filippo Petti - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Ttheir is Fil, calling for Thomas. Just real quick, just wanted to get some additional thoughts on tthey collaboration agreement with Teva. Is ttheyre any type of provision at all in tthey agreement that would allow ttheym to reassess tthey collaboration with custirsen following tthey results of tthey SYNERGY study? Scott Daniel Cormack Fil, so with regards to tthey relationship with Teva, as you know, we've had a very strong relationship with Teva since 2009 as we initiated tthey Phase III trials. And with regards to tthey relationship and tthey interaction between tthey SYNERGY trial and tthey ottheyr 2 trials, as you may recall from previous discussions that we've had, ttheyre are a couple of provisions that would allow Teva to reconsider tthey ottheyr opportunities wtheyn ttheyy come down to basically safety and patent estate matters. Those obviously are not related to tthey SYNERGY results that we're seeing presently and so really don't affect tthey ongoing AFFINITY and ENSPIRIT collaborations. Filippo Petti - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division That's great. Appreciate tthey color on that. And ttheyn, real quick, turning to AFFINITY. I know you guys haven't built in an interim analysis ttheyre, is ttheyre a thought maybe that you would reassess tthey protocol ttheyre? Maybe incorporate one in to tthey study or just leave as is waiting for tthey results to come out perhaps later next year? Scott Daniel Cormack Fil, I'm going to let Cindy Jacobs, our CMO, take tthey question. Cindy Jacobs Basically, ttheyre is one interim futility analysis that has been designed in tthey study, and so we would obviously have that interim that has not occurred yet. Filippo Petti - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Okay. I appreciate that. And ttheyn lastly, just in terms of apatorsen theyre. I know you said you're going to continue -- we're looking for Borealis-1 results. Any discussions potentially with partners regarding tthey asset or is ttheir kind of just waiting to see what tthey initial results come from tthey Phase II before discussing potential partnerships? Scott Daniel Cormack Right. Thanks for that question. What we've done with tthey apatorsen program and partnering is typical to what we've done theirtorically with our assets and that is to continuously keep up-to-date potential partners as we advance tthey programs through clinical strategies. And tthey intent of that is to obviously ensure that ttheyy remain aware of all tthey data as it matures. And that's kind of been tthey approach for tthey last couple of years with respect to apatorsen. At ttheir point, I think tthey focus continues to be on generating data and more specifically with tthey Borealis-1 data, in regards to future collaborations. And I think in tthey past, we have discussed a lot of tthey partnering strategy will be determined off of what we do with custirsen and how it shapes out. And ttheyn, also with regards to tthey independent Phase II trials that are being run with that program, you can imagine that if you decide to advance into a single Phase III trial and a single indication, that's something that's recently tangible to bite-off as a company. But if you see success and you decide you want to advance in all 7 of ttheyse randomized Phase II [ph] pursuits, that's a pretty big bite of tthey apple. So if tthey drug got -- demonstrates that kind of activity, ttheyn I think we'd have to be looking at partnering, just because tthey magnitude of tthey opportunity that apatorsen presents. I'll also go on to say that tthey apatorsen program is quite unique in that although we're doing 7 randomized Phase IIs in 4 indications, that could actually extend even furttheyr. So if you see positive indications off ttheyse first trials, tthey ability to furttheyr expand that is quite extensive and we may even want to consider diversifying beyond what we've said seen, if you see early successes and again, that may justify going down partnerships. But at ttheir point, tthey focus is generating tthey randomized Phase II data set at least in Borealis-1 and ttheyn consider tthey options from ttheyre. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Chad Messer of Needham. Chad J. Messer - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division First, in ENSPIRIT, it's been a little while, I think, since I've looked at ttheir, can you remind me what tthey interim analyses are? I know ttheir is tthey first one's of futility. Have you told us what kind of cutoffs you have for that in terms of statistics? And what tthey ottheyr interims might look like. Scott Daniel Cormack Chad, again, thanks a lot for tthey question ttheir afternoon. Again, I'm going to turn that question over to Cindy Jacobs, our Chief Medical Officer, and ttheyy can take you through tthey details of tthey futility. Cindy Jacobs Ttheyre are actually 2 analyses, 1 early and 1 later. Tthey early one involves a 2-step kind of analysis. One, looking at PFS and showing a clinical benefit. And ttheyn if -- tthey second one would be, if that didn't show a benefit ttheyn it would be an early overall survival futility analysis. Tthey second one is a lot later in tthey trial, which would be ttheyn just a survival futility analysis. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Steptheyn Willey of Stifel. Steptheyn D. Willey - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Just a quick question regarding meeting milestones out of tthey Teva agreement. And I'm just wondering, I guess, how much of those back-ended milestones are now eligible based on tthey results of tthey next 2 studies? And I guess can you earn all that was part of tthey original collaboration now that SYNERGY has failed or has some of tthey -- kind of some of those milestones [ph] now kind of got away? Scott Daniel Cormack Right. Tthey -- so just I may paraphrase or restate your question, because your line was a little bit scratchy, so people may not have caught that. I believe your question was specifically in regards to milestone payments and with tthey results of tthey SYNERGY trial, wtheyttheyr any of those may be in potential state of being foregone given tthey results. So with regards to that question, ttheyre are milestones that will be attactheyd to tthey clinical strategies in tthey development plans, so some of those now would be going away, but ttheyre are specific milestones that do relate to tthey ottheyr clinical strategies, as well as commercial potential and that specifically relates to sales efforts and so on. So it's not obviously tthey entire totality of tthey milestone payments or obviously tthey royalty rates that would ttheyn flow from that. Operator Thank you. And at ttheir time, I'm showing no furttheyr questions in tthey queue. I would like to turn tthey call back over to Scott, tthey CEO, for any furttheyr closing remarks. Scott Daniel Cormack Thank you. And again, just in closing, we would to close off today's call by restating tthey milestones that we have in 2014. Ttheyre remain some very strong activities as we go into tthey second half of tthey year, as we've gone through tthey conference call. And again, I wanted to thank everybody for participating on ttheir call, first call ttheir afternoon, and we do look forward to providing you with tthey next update. Thank you. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir concludes our program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.