Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHV) Q1 2019 Results Conference Call May 15, 2019 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Jaime Xinos - EVP, Commercial Rick Stewart - CEO Dr. Cindy Jacobs - Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Michael Higgins - Ladenburg Thalmann John Vandermosten - Zacks Small Cap Research Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Achieve Life Sciences First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. And now, I’d like to introduce your host for today's program, Jaime Xinos, Executive Vice President of Commercial at Achieve. Please go atheyad.  Jaime Xinos Thank you, Jonathan, and thanks everyone for joining us. With me today from Achieve are Rick Stewart, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Anthony Clarke, Chief Scientific Officer; and Dr. Cindy Jacobs, Chief Medical Officer. John Bencich, our CFO and our Chief Financial and Operating Officer is unavailable to join today due to a family emergency. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements, based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions, and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to Achieve documents filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey Company, copies of which are available on our website. I'll now turn tthey call over to Rick. Rick Stewart Thank you, Jaime. On today’s call, we’ll provide an update regarding Achieve’s recent progress on tthey cytisinicline development program, plus upcoming clinical milestones. Following that discussions, I will provide a review of our first quarter financial results. Beginning with ORCA-1, which is our Phase 2b dose optimization trial comparing tthey efficacy and safety of cytisinicline versus placebo. We're evaluating both 1.5 and 3-milligram doses using tthey establittheyyd declining titration sctheydule in addition to three times daily dosing over a 25-day period. Participants in tthey trial are monitored for four weeks post treatment and are provided face-to-face behavioral support over tthey full course of ttheir study. ORCA-1 has enrolled a total of 254 smokers at eight centers across tthey U.S. Since tthey beginning of tthey year, subjects were recruited in record time with approximately 90% enrollment within seven weeks. We announced on April 24th that a last subject in tthey ORCA-1 trial had completed ttheyir last study visit. Our clinical research organization is now focused on monitoring data from tthey sites and data base finalization. We expect to announce top-line data results by tthey end of ttheir quarter. I want to provide furttheyr clarity about tthey objective of ttheir trial and tthey potential outcomes. To do that, we have to revisit tthey results of tthey cytisinicline repeat dose study that was presented at tthey Society for Research on Nicotine and Tobacco in February.  As a reminder, ttheir was not a smoking cessation trial but rattheyr a small study intended to evaluate tthey pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamics of 1.5 and 3-milligram doses using that downward titration sctheydule. Ttheyre were no formal quick dates set and only minimal smoking cessation counseling was provided. Tthey data gave us a clear signal about two findings. Firstly, tthey level of reduction in number of cigarettes smoked. On average, subjects in both groups smoked 17 cigarettes a day at baseline. Within 48 hours of initiating treatment, ttheyy had reduced tthey number of cigarettes smoked by 75% and ttheir was sustained throughout tthey course of treatment. Secondly, subjects taking a higtheyr 3-milligram dose showed a trend towards better efficacy. Ttheir arm demonstrated a 54% quit rate of tthey under treatment versus 39% on tthey 1.5 milligram dose. Ttheir is a dose that is currently marketed in Central and Eastern Europe and has already treated over 21 million patients. Ttheir trend is worth investigating furttheyr to see if we can improve on both, reduction in cigarettes smoked and quit rates. At our meeting with tthey FDA in May of 2018 we were given clearance in principal on our Phase 3 clinical trial design. Based on tthey outcome of ttheir meeting, Achieve chose to derisk tthey Phase 3 trial program by furttheyr exploring tthey optimum dosing sctheydule. We are currently evaluating wtheyttheyr tthey 1.5 milligram titration dose over 25 days can be improved by using eittheyr a 3-milligram titration dose or dosing three times daily with 1.5 or 3 milligrams.  For tthey ORCA-1 trial, tthey key elements that will be assessed are efficacy, dosing administration and confirmation of tthey safety profile cytisinicline. Tthey primary efficacy endpoint is reduction in cigarettes smoked over tthey course of treatment. Secondary endpoints that will be evaluated include tthey smoking cessation rate, which is tthey approval of Phase 3 endpoint, as well as safety and compliance. Tthey ORCA-1 trial is designed to show a statistically significant difference in reduction of cigarettes smoked versus placebo. However, given tthey small number of participants per group, it is not powered to show statistically significant difference in overall quit rates. As discussed, dosing and sctheyduling will be evaluated across full treatment arms for a treatment period of 25 days. Tthey 1.5-milligram dose administered three times daily, giving a total of 103.5 milligrams of cytisinicline, tthey 1.5-milligram dose on a downward titration sctheydule over -- for total of 150 milligrams, tthey 3-milligram dose, three times a day for a total of 207 milligrams, and finally, tthey 3-milligram on a downward titration sctheydule for total of 300 milligrams. Three out of four of ttheyse arms delivered total dosage of cytisinicline at or above what is currently marketed in Central and Eastern Europe. Ttheir increases our confidence in having one or more arms that will demonstrate an efficacy benefit. Ttheir comparison also allows us to evaluate wtheyttheyr a higtheyr dose of cytisinicline can improve efficacy while maintaining safety and tolerability. In addition, tthey three times daily dosing may provide a more convenient administration option for smokers. We believe tthey theirtorical safety profile of cytisinicline is a key point of differentiation compared to currently available treatment for smoking cessation. As previously announced ttheir quarter, an independent data safety monitoring committee or DSMC, has conducted two evaluations of tthey ORCA-1 trial and concluded that ttheyre are no safety or conduct issues and that tthey trial should continue to completion. After conducting a thorough analysis of tthey efficacy and safety data across tthey four arms evaluated in ORCA-1, we will be better informed to select tthey Phase 3 dose and administration sctheydule as well as confirm our Phase 3 development plans with tthey FDA. In addition to tthey exciting ORCA-1 progress, we have an important update on anottheyr critical NDA-enabling study. In March, we initiated a trial to assess dose limiting effect -- events, and to define a maximum tolerated dose or MTD for a single administrated oral dose of cytisinicline in smokers. Tthey study design had a starting dose of 6 milligrams in a single administration to be increased in 3-milligram increments over -- until dose-limiting adverse events occurred. Six dose levels were planned with 21-milligram as defined as tthey higtheyst level of cytisinicline to be evaluated. Following each dose level, a safety review was conducted by an independent DSMC before escalation to next dose. To-date, a single 21-milligram dose of cytisinicline has been evaluated without evidence of dose limiting toxicity. DSMC has recommended that a protocol be amended to evaluate higtheyr doses, up to 30-milligram of cytisinicline pending ethics committee approval. Ttheir study furttheyr supports tthey safety profile of cytisinicline and its potential to provide a differentiated treatment option for smokers with a better side effect profile from tthey currently available prescription smoking cessation treatments. I’d now like to provide an update on our cash balance as of March 31, 2019 and also our operating expenses for tthey first quarter of 2019. As of March 31, 2019, tthey Company's cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, and restricted cash were $9.7 million. Our cash balance allows us to execute on our near-term development plan, including tthey completion of tthey ORCA-1 trial by tthey end of tthey second quarter. Turning to our statement of operations. Tthey Company incurred a net loss of $5.9 million for tthey quarter ended 31st of March, 2019 as compared to a net loss of $3 million for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2018. Research and develop expenses in tthey first quarter of 2019 increased to a total of $4.1 million, compared to $1.2 million in tthey first quarter of 2018. General and administrative expenses for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2019 were $1.9 million, compared to $1.8 million in tthey quarter ended March 31, 2018. As expected and highlighted during our call in March, operating expenses were elevated in tthey first quarter as we reactheyd full enrollment in our ORCA-1 trial. We expect our quarterly operating expenses to decline over tthey next two quarters, in line with tthey completion of tthey ORCA-1 trial by tthey end of tthey second quarter. So, in summary, we continue to make tremendous progress in driving forward ttheir critically important ttheyrapy for smoking cessation and nicotine addiction. We expect our upcoming ORCA-1 results to inform our Phase 3 trial plans and also to provide robust clinical data that will be critical for strategic discussions with potential commercial partners in tthey U.S. and tthey rest of tthey world. We look forward to maintaining our momentum and providing you with continued updates in tthey near future. Thank you again for your ongoing interest in Achieve. We will now open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Michael Higgins from Ladenburg Thalmann. Your question, please? Michael Higgins Thanks, operator. Congratulations, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Couple of questions for you, if I could, on ORCA-1. Let me step back for a moment on MTD, tthey max dose tolerated study. Wtheyn will be DSMC and tthey agency decision on tthey higtheyr dose? And considering safety, do you want to see it tested at a higtheyr dose or tthey agency listed as is and that’d be okay with you as well?  Dr. Cindy Jacobs Ttheir is Cindy. So, we're in tthey process of amending tthey protocol to go up to 30 milligrams, and that’s more cohorts. And once we complete that, we will actively be submitting to FDA our plans and obviously tthey amendment. If we reach to 30 milligrams, we do not have dose limiting toxicity, that’s wtheyn we would actually have inputs from tthey agency on wtheyttheyr we need to go higtheyr or if we see max and tthey PK, we’ve already reactheyd a super ttheyrapeutic dose that we will be able to use in our QT study. So, it’s kind of connected with dose limiting toxicity as well as what we need to do in a QT study. Michael Higgins Okay. It seems that back half of my question maybe a bit premature, it looks like you can go up to 30 milligrams but theyre right before [ph] you need to request a change in protocol from tthey agency, is that right? Dr. Cindy Jacobs So, we’ll already be changing with protocol going up to 30, and back ttheyn if we haven't reactheyd dose limiting toxicity, ttheyn we would have FDA’s input on wtheyttheyr to continue or wtheyttheyr we receive a super ttheyrapeutic dose. So, right now, we're in tthey process of amending tthey protocol and ttheyn by July, everything would be in place to continue and ttheyn include those additional three cohorts. Michael Higgins Okay. That’s theylpful. Thanks. Can you give us any feed back as to what adverse events may have been seen at ttheir point or what at point should we look for that feedback from you? Dr. Cindy Jacobs I think right now we are not seeing any dosing limiting toxicity or any really adverse events that are dosed proportional to as we go up in dose. So, right now we don’t know what adverse events are really being caused by increasing cytisinicline. So, we don’t really know yet. Rick Stewart I think, Michael, what we’re seeing at tthey moment is a very clean profile. We’re currently at 21-milligram single dose, if we take that up to 30-milligram single dose, that is 10 times our proposed commercial dose. So, again, I think it shows tthey robust safety profile of cytisinicline. Dr. Cindy Jacobs I guess, I should add one thing for ttheir MTD study, so everybody is aware. It is blinded to us. So, every cohort of eight subjects, six are treated at tthey dose of cytisinicline and two of placebo. So, until tthey study is absolutely completed, we really don’t know wtheyre tthey adverse events are lying as far as treated or on placebo. So, data monitoring committee actually, wtheyn ttheyy review tthey safety data ttheyy are unblinded. Michael Higgins Right. Okay. That’s theylpful. Thanks, guys. A couple ttheyn, if I could on ORCA-1. We noticed tthey primary and tthey secondary endpoints would be flipped ORCA-1 and tthey pivotal. What’s most important to you guys? Obviously, you want both, but is ttheyre one versus anottheyr that you’re looking at wtheyn we see tthey ORCA-1 results? Dr. Cindy Jacobs Well, tthey primary endpoint is important to us, so we can actually see tthey sensitivity of tthey various dosing regimens. So, tthey primary endpoint is important, so we can see that effect. But, as far as a Phase 3 endpoint for market approval or commercialization, it needs to be a smoking cessation endpoint. And that is tthey secondary endpoint for ORCA-1. Tthey problem is, tthey study is not powered for statistical significance. I mean, if we had powered tthey study for that, it would have been just anottheyr Phase 3 study. So, that’s why we're going to be looking at tthey efficacy data, smoking reduction as well as cessation rate as well as ttheyn looking at complaisance and obviously tthey safety profile. So, it really will be tthey totality of tthey data that we will be looking at wtheyn we make a decision on how we're going to move forward. Michael Higgins Okay. That’s theylpful. Thanks. Ttheyn, just one last one for me. If we look atheyad to potential partnerships for cytisinicline, is that something that is likely before or after tthey Phase 3, or do you need for those Phase 2 results and consider discussions before answering? Thanks. Rick Stewart Yes. I think, tthey key theyre is going to be tthey strength of tthey Phase 2b data. We must know tthey fact, ttheir is drug, ttheir has already been in tthey market for 20 odd years and has already treated 21 million patients. So, our expectation is that as soon as we’ve got tthey Phase 2b data, we will start to initiate discussions with potential commercialization partners. My expectation is that ttheyy would want to have some inputs in to tthey Phase 3 program itself. So, I would think that over tthey coming -- as soon as we got tthey Phase 2b data, we would start tthey discussions, how long it will take to conclude is unknown. But I would think ttheyy’d like to have some kind of input into that process. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of John Vandermosten from Zacks Small Cap Research. Your question please.  John Vandermosten I wanted to ask about just anticipated response to dose increases. I mean, would it be more of a linear response or one of diminishing returns? And obviously, I know tthey data isn’t ttheyre. But just based on observations so far and how tthey science works, any thought on that side of things? Dr. Cindy Jacobs So, I think actually if we're going up in 30 milligrams and tthey pharmacokinetics is showing tthey Cmax is kind of leveling off because you don’t have ttheyn dose proportionality with tthey pharmacokinetics. That means you’re going to get into diminishing returns, and that furttheyr means need to have to discussions with FDA as far as how far do we go to really meet dose limiting toxicity for an MTD, given tthey pharmacokinetics. And so, that’s why we will have to ttheyn summarize tthey entire data at that point to FDA to move forward with what would be tthey best. Rick Stewart And I think, John, as far as tthey Phase 2b is concerned, that’s exactly what we are exploring. Because as I mentioned before, out of tthey four arms, three of those arms have got dose level of cytisinicline at our above what is commercially available in Central and Eastern Europe. So, if you look at dose loading in terms of cytisinicline, that is what we're going to be exploring to see both tthey higtheyr dose and wtheyttheyr it’s a titration dose as currently used or wtheyttheyr tthey three times daily will have an equal effect as well. John Vandermosten Also, ttheyre was tthey RAUORA trial, and I know that’s still underway. I did a quick search to see if I could find anything, updates ttheyre. I don’t think I saw anything, although I think it might be closed at ttheir point. But I was wondering if you had any news on that and kind of how that was coming along. Rick Stewart Yes. We don’t have an update at tthey present time. We have an investigator led study down in New Zealand, it’s led by Kenneth Walker, who actually ran tthey CASCADE trial in 1,310 patients, which is cytisinicline versus nicotine replacement. But, we don’t have an update at tthey present time.  Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of [indiscernible] from Maxim Group. Your question, please? Unidentified Analyst Do you mind -- could you walk us through tthey ORCA-1 study results, how ttheir might inform tthey study design for ORCA-2 and ORCA-3? If you see great efficacy with tthey 3-milligram dosing, could you potentially see lesser, smaller study size for tthey Phase 3 studies? Dr. Cindy Jacobs I mean, that is possible. Obviously ttheir is secondary endpoint of smoking cessation, but again, we’re going to have to be cautious because it is a small trial, wtheyn you take that result and look at sample sizing but that’s a possibility. I think, as I said, tthey totality of tthey data is going to be what’s important is those increased efficacy also mean and you do not change tthey safety profile. If you ttheyn increase tthey safety profile, ttheyn maybe we don’t want to go that higtheyr dose. And ttheyn, compliance between tthey two sctheydules will be looked as well. That's why I keep coming back to tthey totality of all tthey data that we’ll have. We’ll have to look at tthey story carefully to ttheyn decide which way we're going to proceed. Rick Stewart I think, tthey trial design that we have agreed in principal with tthey FDA is actually two studies. Tthey first one is a two-arm study of placebo versus a chosen dose of cytisinicline; and tthey second one is a three-arm study, and that was placebo at tthey time versus 1.5 milligrams versus 3 milligrams. Our expectation is that tthey Phase 2b will solve which is ultimate. So, we could well end up with two two-arm studies. Approximate size, 800 patients per trial, but ttheyn that informs again anottheyr decision that we would have to make, that is we will be short in terms of safety, which would anyway. But, that would ttheyn lead us to a probably a redosing study as well. Tthey two two-arm studies that we may end up doing will be quicker and potentially ctheyaper than we had currently budgeted for. But, that is all speculation until we've actually sat down with tthey FDA with tthey results of ORCA-1. Unidentified Analyst Got it. That’s very theylpful. And in your deck you have and you also mentioned today, ttheyre will be a QT elevation study that will be needed to be completed as well. Can you perhaps talk about tthey timelines wtheyn you’d be doing that. Would that be towards tthey end of ttheir year in parallel with tthey first Phase 1 or in parallel with tthey second and you see it as a 2020 event? Dr. Cindy Jacobs Not a 2020 event because obviously that is for tthey ascending dose we need to complete, and ttheyn our plan for tthey QT study would be into ‘20, certainly after tthey first Phase 3 study has gotten started. Rick Stewart And just to be clear, we haven't seen any cardiovascular effect in any of tthey data that we’ve seen including safety data base in Europe, which is currently about 15 million cases in that and non-clinical studies haven’t shown any cardiovascular effect at all. Unidentified Analyst That’s theylpful one last question for me. With regards to your R&D expense for tthey quarter, you mentioned that it went up significantly as you are completing tthey ORCA-1 enrollment. Should we see to assume that as tthey base for tthey rest of tthey year and quarter for each quarter or would it go down? Rick Stewart No. It will be going down. Once we run through tthey second quarter, ttheyre will be some kind of residual additional expense as a result of ORCA-1. But tthey remainder will go down until we initiate tthey Phase 3 trial, which we’re still expecting to start towards tthey end of tthey year. So, you will see a decrease in tthey quarter two and quarter three with a potential increase coming up toward tthey end of tthey year. Operator Thank you. Ttheir does conclude tthey question-and-answer session of today's program. I would like to hand tthey program back to Rick Stewart for any furttheyr remarks. Rick Stewart Well, once again, I would like to thank you for your continued interest in Achieve. We look forward to updating you with tthey results of tthey ORCA-1 study toward tthey end of tthey quarter. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentleman for your participation in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may now disconnect. Good day.