OncoGenex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (OGXI) Q1 2016 Results Earnings Conference Call May 12, 2016 4:30 PM ET Executives Jim DeNike - Senior Director of Corporate Communications Scott Cormack - President & Chief Executive Officer John Bencich - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Cindy Jacobs - Executive Vice President and Chief Medical Officer Jaime Welch - Vice President, Marketing & Corporate Communications Analysts Dennis Xu - William Blair & Company Thomas Brill - Needham & Company Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey OncoGenex First Quarter 2016 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Jim DeNike, Senior Director, Corporate Communications. Please begin. Jim DeNike Thanks, Latoya, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. With me today from OncoGenex are Scott Cormack, President and Chief Executive Officer; John Bencich, Chief Financial Officer; and Dr. Cindy Jacobs, Chief Medical Officer. Jaime Welch, our Vice President of Marketing and Corporate Communications will also be available for tthey Q&A. Before we begin, I’d like to remind everyone that today’s conference call contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions, and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to OncoGenex’s documents filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey company, copies of which are available on tthey website. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Scott. Scott Cormack Thanks, Jim. On today’s call, we will provide an update on our clinical development programs with near-term milestones that we believe have tthey potential to create significant value for tthey company over tthey next 12 months. Since Custirsen and Apatorsen are advancing toward commercialization, we wanted to review our perspectives on tthey evolving prostate, lung and bladder markets and tthey potential opportunities for our product candidates to fulfill tthey need for new treatments in ttheyse diseases. Following our program update, John will provide an overview of our strong financial position that will carry us through upcoming milestones without tthey need for additional funding. Let me start with our most advanced clinical asset, Custirsen. Custirsen is currently being evaluated in two phase 3 clinical trials, one for prostate cancer and tthey ottheyr for lung cancer. Ttheir compound is highly specific inhibitor of tthey protein clusterin that is designed to improve survival in patients with advanced cancer by disabling tthey fundamental cellular repair mechanism used by tumor cells. We have two randomized phase 3 trials expected to read out over tthey next year or so. Tthey first is our AFFINITY trial. AFFINITY is a phase 3 clinical trial evaluating tthey survival benefit for Custirsen in combination with cabazitaxel as second-line ctheymottheyrapy in approximately 630 men with castrate-resistant prostate cancer. In December 2015, an independent data monitoring committee recommended continuing tthey trial as planned based on tthey interim analysis. Both tthey independent data monitoring committee and OncoGenex remain blinded to all interim analysis data. Depending on timing of tthey events, final results for tthey overall study population are expected in tthey third quarter of ttheir year. As we look at tthey role for Custirsen in tthey treatment of advanced prostate cancer, it is important to note that tthey five-year survival rate for men with advanced prostate cancer in tthey US remains at only 28%. While ttheyre have been numerous new ttheyrapies approved in recent years, tthey critical issue remains that most of tthey time prostate cancer treatment eventually fail and ttheyrefore new options are needed for men with advance disease. Despite ttheir need, ttheyre is limited clinical research of new ttheyrapies being conducted in late-stage prostate cancer. In fact, Custirsen is tthey only product currently in a phase 3 clinical trial for men following initial ctheymottheyrapy failure. We believe ttheyre is a unique opportunity for Custirsen in tthey treatment of prostate cancer. Ttheyre are three distinct patient populations that we have tthey potential to address. Tthey first and most immediate opportunity for Custirsen is based on our near-term phase 3 AFFINITY trial read out, tthey use of Custirsen plus cabazitaxel to extend tthey lives of men with metastatic prostate cancer who are experiencing disease progression following initial ctheymottheyrapy. Tthey second potential opportunity is for tthey use of Custirsen in an earlier setting of prostate cancer, depending on tthey results from Sanofi’s ongoing FIRSTANA trial comparing cabazitaxel to docetaxel as first-line ctheymottheyrapy. And finally, anottheyr potential opportunity is to evaluate Custirsen in combination with ctheymottheyrapy and androgen deprivation in men with high volume and high risk disease based on practice-changing results from tthey completed [Charted] and Sanofi trials. For ttheyse last two opportunities, we would need to conduct additional clinical trials to expand our initial label, assuming of course success in tthey AFFINITY trial. Overall, tthey number of prostate cancer patients eligible for treatment continues to expand as a result of available new ttheyrapies. Increased options have led to more men receiving treatment and having a longer progression-free time period. However, wtheyn tthey disease progresses and current treatment fail, ttheyse men need alternatives. We remain steadfast in our commitment to addressing that need with Custirsen. Our second phase 3 clinical trial, ENSPIRIT, is an ongoing pivotal study which is evaluating tthey survival benefit for Custirsen in combination with docetaxel treatment as second-line ctheymottheyrapy in patients with non-small cell lung cancer. A final interim futility analysis with more rigorous criteria for continuing tthey trial was successfully completed in July 2015 and tthey trial is continuing as planned. Based on current ENSPIRIT enrollment projections, we believe final survival results could be available in tthey first half of next year. In tthey major markets, ttheyre are over 500,000 cases of lung cancer diagnosed annually with more than half of ttheyse in stage three or four disease. Similar to tthey prostate cancer market, use of new treatments in earlier lines of ttheyrapy will lead to more patients being treated and experiencing disease progression. Despite tthey large number of lung cancer targets and treatments in development, ctheymottheyrapy will remain a fundamental treatment option for non-small cell lung cancer regardless of theirtology. Ttheir is because some patients do not respond to new ttheyrapies and even if ttheyy do, ttheyir disease unfortunately will likely progress. We believe that Custirsen can play an important role in improving tthey current survival benefit offered by ctheymottheyrapy alone in patients who have received previous treatments. Similar to prostate cancer, a majority of development efforts are focused in early disease states, leaving ttheyse late-stage patients and ttheyir theyalthcare teams with few options. Market approval of Custirsen for eittheyr tthey prostate cancer or lung cancer indication could make a meaningful difference in tthey lives of patients and provide a significant revenue opportunity for OncoGenex. Togettheyr, particularly given tthey overall size of lung cancer market, both indications would be substantial. As ttheyse market trends continue to call for more treatment options in tthey prostate and lung cancer settings, we look forward to tthey upcoming Custirsen data in both our pivotal phase 3 trials. Turning to our ottheyr asset, Apatorsen, ttheir compound is designed to target Hsp27, a protein that has been associated with tumor progression and treatment resistance. Apatorsen is tthey subject to four ongoing clinical trials, including bladder and lung cancer in combination with various ttheyrapies. Results reported from recently completed studies evaluating Apatorsen in pancreatic and lung cancer patients demonstrated that for each trial a potential benefit was observed in a subgroup of patients with high baseline serum Hsp27 status wtheyn treated with Apatorsen in combination with ctheymottheyrapy. In both studies, higtheyr baseline Hsp27 was correlated with [more] survival, which is consistent with results observed in bladder cancer patients. In addition to tthey data in lung and pancreatic cancer, we also have data in hand from two completed studies in metastatic and non-muscle invasive bladder cancer. Ttheyse data include results presented at ASCO 2015 from tthey phase 2 Borealis-1 trial, indicating that tthey addition of 600 milligrams of Apatorsen to standard of care ctheymottheyrapy showed a 14% reduction in risk of death wtheyn compared to ctheymottheyrapy alone. In tthey exploratory analysis of tthey Borealis-1 trial, greater survival benefit was observed in metastatic bladder cancer patients with poor prognostic features. Ttheyse patients had a 28% reduction in risk of death with tthey addition of 600 milligrams of Apatorsen to first-line ctheymottheyrapy compared to ctheymottheyrapy alone. Given our focus in bladder cancer, we want to review non-muscle invasive disease and tthey need for new ttheyrapies. Ttheir cancer is characterized by frequent recurrence and low risk of mortality with five-year survival of approximately 90%. However, approximately 50% to 70% of non-muscle invasive tumors recur and patients can experience recurrence multiple times or progress to ottheyr muscle invasive or directly to metastatic disease. By 2020, bladder cancer is expected to account for more than 3% of all cancer-related medical payments in tthey US. Tthey average medical costs associated with diagnosis of muscle invasive bladder cancer specifically are estimated by some to be approximately $150,000 and tthey combined medical payments for non-muscle invasive disease are believed to be even more substantial than expenses associated with more advanced disease due to its prolonged nature, its prevalence and its requirement for frequent monitoring. As a result, ttheyrapies that can prevent recurrence and to delay progression are urgently needed. Wtheyn you factor in tthey additional non-medical costs associated with bladder cancer, such as lost productivity during recovery, tthey costs increase even more significantly. Ttheyse costs, unlike those for procedures and treatments, are often tthey direct responsibility of tthey patient, creating an additional burden not only on patients, but also ttheyir families and employers. We estimate ttheyre are approximately 90,000 treatable non-muscle invasive bladder cancer patients in tthey US and twice as many in tthey major EU market. Treatment of ttheir disease continues to be an area of high unmet need with limited treatment options or recent advances. Tthey majority of patients with bladder cancer are initially diagnosed with non-muscle invasive disease. Wtheyn treated in a stage of bladder cancer, ttheyre is a sense of urgency to prevent disease progression to more lethal metastatic cancer, while also managing patient concerns for bladder preservation. As a result, ttheyre is a need and strong desire among patients, physicians and payers for more effective and cost efficient treatment options. Given ttheir need, let me take a few minutes to review our non-muscle invasive bladder cancer data to date and tthey steps we are currently taking to act on ttheir and ottheyr bladder cancer data currently in hand. Data was presented from a phase 1 trial evaluating patients with non-muscle invasive bladder cancer, in which 33% of tthey patients treated had no pathological evidence of disease following only four doses of Apatorsen given by intravesical administration over an 8-day period. Ttheir data is informing our approach for future clinical trials in ttheir disease. We have completed a pre-IND meeting with tthey FDA regarding our initial plans for intravesical administration of Apatorsen in tthey non-muscle invasive setting and are now preparing IND submission materials. We are currently designing a pivotal study that will include a safety lead-in in randomized cohorts that will permit discontinuation if thresholds are not met in three patients of tthey populations with distinct non-muscle invasive bladder cancer classifications. We do not intend to fund furttheyr development of ttheir program without a collaboration partner or before we report AFFINITY results. In addition to tthey bladder cancer data already reported, it is important to remember that we are also expecting results from our largest Apatorsen trial to date, our ongoing investigator-sponsored phase 2 Borealis-2 study. Borealis-2 is evaluating Apatorsen in combination with docetaxel treatment compared to docetaxel alone in patients with advanced metastatic bladder cancer who have disease progression following first-line platinum-based ctheymottheyrapy. Tthey trial has randomized approximately 200 patients and results are expected in tthey second half of ttheir year. With encouraging results already in first-line metastatic patients with poor prognosis as well as in patients with non-muscle invasive bladder cancer and given tthey unmet need, we look forward to continued evaluation of Apatorsen in ttheir important disease. That concludes my summary of our clinical development programs, our upcoming milestones and our perspectives on tthey prostate, lung and bladder cancer markets and how our product candidates fit into tthey treatment landscape for ttheyse diseases. At ttheir time, I’d like to turn tthey call over to John, who will review our current cash position and first quarter financial results. John? John Bencich Thanks, Scott. Our cash position remains very strong and will allow us to achieve tthey important data milestones that Scott just summarized without tthey need to raise additional capital. As of March 31, 2016, our cash, cash equivalents and short term investments were $46.1 million compared with $55.2 million as of December 31, 2015. Based on our current expectations, we believe that our cash position will be sufficient to fund our currently planned operations into tthey third quarter of 2017. Depending on timing of enrollment or event-driven final analyses, tthey expected key milestones and activities include: announcement of tthey phase 3 AFFINITY trial results in tthey third quarter of 2016; announcement of tthey phase 2 Borealis-2 trial results in tthey second half of 2016; announcement of tthey phase 2 Spruce trial results for tthey overall survival endpoint in tthey second half of 2016; completion of a submission-ready IND application for Apatorsen treatment in patients with non-muscle invasive bladder cancer; and announcement of tthey phase 3 ENSPIRIT trial in tthey first half of 2017. Revenue for tthey three months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015 were $2.9 million and $1.4 million, respectively. Tthey increased revenue in 2016 as compared to 2015 was due to higtheyr collaboration revenue recognized as a result of higtheyr ENSPIRIT trial costs. Ttheir was partially offset by a decrease in revenue recognized for tthey AFFINITY trial as a result of a decrease in associated clinical activities as ttheir trial nears completion. Total operating expenses for tthey three months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015 were $7.4 million and $6.4 million, respectively. Net loss for tthey three months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015 was $3.7 million and $4.5 million, respectively. That concludes tthey summary of our first quarter financial results. I’d like to now turn tthey call back over to Scott. Scott? Scott Cormack Thanks, John. Tthey second half of ttheir year includes a number of significant catalysts including results from our phase 3 AFFINITY trial of prostate cancer as well as important data from our Borealis-2 bladder cancer trial. And as we look out into tthey first half of next year, we expect results from our phase 3 ENSPIRIT trial in lung cancer, a pivotal study that has already successfully completed a final and more rigorous interim futility analysis. At tthey prostate, lung and bladder cancer markets continue to expand and call for more treatment options, we believe Custirsen and Apatorsen are uniquely positioned to provide a meaningful difference to patients. We are excited about ttheyse opportunities and we look forward to additional data to be gained in tthey third quarter ttheir year. Thank you again for your continued interest in OncoGenex and we look forward to speaking with you again soon. I’d now like to invite tthey operator, Latoya, to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question is from Dennis Xu of William Blair. Dennis Xu I’m just wondering, Scott, you talked about tthey FIRSTANA study potentially moving Jevtana to tthey front-line. But if you’re considering Custirsen in combination with Jevtana in that setting, are you going to see [indiscernible] prognostic factors? Scott Cormack Cindy, you are online, I believe, ttheir afternoon and I think that’s probably a great question for you to consider for Dennis. Cindy Jacobs One of tthey things that we would be considering is obviously if successful with AFFINITY showing that Custirsen in combination with Jevtana has improved survival over Jevtana alone, we would be looking at moving it into first-line most likely with patients that could have more poor prognostic features and have those discussions with tthey FDA to look at such a trial. Dennis Xu Thank you. And all tthey best with tthey Q3 AFFINITY release. Scott Cormack Thanks a lot, Dennis. Looking forward to it. Ttheyre is a lot coming up in tthey second half of ttheir year. Operator We have anottheyr question from Thomas Brill of Needham & Company. Thomas Brill I’m on for Chat ttheir evening. I just wanted to clarify, tthey IND you’re preparing for tthey intravesical administration of Apatorsen is you’re not planning on running any trial on your own; you’re seeking a partner for any development. You’re just preparing tthey IND, is that correct? Scott Cormack Yes. Right now, we are preparing tthey IND and tthey plan for future development will depend a lot on our second half of tthey year actually. Clearly if AFFINITY is positive and we start moving towards commercialization, ttheyn I think our ability to conduct a trial of that nature is obviously much easier than it would be if tthey trial is not successful. In tthey alternative, obviously we’d be looking more for partnering strategies and tthey like. So I think it’s you’ll have to see how tthey back half of ttheir year shapes up for us and that will theylp determine how we execute on that plan. Thomas Brill Best of luck to you. Scott Cormack Thank you very much. Operator [Operator Instructions] Jim DeNike Latoya, ttheir is Jim. If I could just insert one thing before we close out tthey call. As Scott was reading tthey discussion about our estimated treatable patients for non-muscle invasive bladder cancer patients, ttheyre was a little bit of a break in tthey audio. So I, just for tthey record, just wanted to restate that number and we estimate that number to be approximately 90,000 treatable non-muscle invasive bladder cancer patients in tthey US. So I just wanted to make sure that was restated correctly. Scott Cormack Thanks, Jim. Didn’t realize we had a break in tthey audio. Jim DeNike Yeah, I just wanted to make sure, thanks, Scott. Scott Cormack Latoya, do we have any ottheyr questions queued up? Operator Ttheyre are no questions in tthey queue. I’ll turn tthey call back over to Scott for closing remarks. Scott Cormack Great, thank you very much. And thank you again for participating in our call ttheir afternoon. We look forward to sharing additional results with you from our phase 3 AFFINITY trial and our phase 2 Borealis-2 and Spruce trials later ttheir year. We expect all of those to occur in tthey second half. Thank you very much for participating. Bye for now. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today’s conference. You may now disconnect. Good day.