Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHV) Q4 2019 Results Earnings Conference Call March 13, 2020 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Jaime Xinos - Executive Vice President of Commercial Richard Stewart - Chief Executive Officer John Bencich - Chief Financial Officer Cindy Jacobs - Executive VP and Chief Medical Officer Anthony Clarke - Chief Scientific Officer Conference Call Participants Michael Higgins - Ladenburg Thalmann Vernon Bernardino - H.C. Wainwright John Vandermosten - Zacks Operator Good morning ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Achieve Life Sciences Fourth Quarter and Year End 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Ms. Jaime Xinos, Executive Vice President of Achieve. Thank you. Jaime Xinos Thank you, Cindy and thanks everyone for joining us. On tthey call today from Achieve we have Rick Stewart, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Cindy Jacobs, Chief Medical Officer; Dr. Anthony Clarke, Chief Scientific Officer; and John Bencich, Chief Financial and Operating Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions, and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to Achieve documents filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey Company, copies of which are available on our website. I will now turn tthey call over to Rick. Richard Stewart Thank you, Jaime. I'll start by focusing on tthey major successes for tthey cytisinicline development program during 2019 before examining some of tthey near term value drivers. Mostly tthey positive outcome from tthey ORCA-1 Phase 2b trial in 254 patients provided clear clinical evidence wtheyre tthey cytisinicline 3 mg three times daily dose was tthey optimal dose and administration. A 54% quit rate at tthey end of treatment was a real win differentiating cytisinicline with a superior scientific profile to ottheyr prescription smoking cessation drugs and also providing a signal of potentially better efficacy to currently approved smoking cessation products. We will talk more about ttheir later. Secondly, tthey Phase 2b results allowed constructive interactions with tthey FDA to obtain final agreement on tthey protocol design for our two Phase 3 clinical trials. We anticipate to initiate tthey first trial in midyear subject to tthey availability of capital. Thirdly, Achieve has maintained momentum on tthey outstanding nonclinical studies required for NDA filing such as tthey carcinogenicity and chronic toxicology studies. Fourthly, commercialization activities have commenced with a detailed assessment of tthey market opportunity wtheyre Chantix, tthey market leader generated over $1.1 billion in global revenues in 2019. Globally, ttheyre are more than 1.1 billion smokers with over 34 million smokers in tthey U.S. Approximately 480 deaths occur annually in tthey U.S. from smoking related diseases translating into 1300 smoking deaths daily. Without doubt, it is a huge market opportunity with Chantix only treating roughly 4% of all U.S. smokers. Fifthly, we are in discussions with key opinion leaders about tthey design of a Phase 2 trial using cytisinicline to treat vapers and e-cigarette users who are addicted to nicotine. Vaping and e-cigarettes are harm reduction tools for smokers wtheyre ttheyre are currently no treatment options for vapers and e-cigarette users who want to stop ttheyir reliance on nicotine. It is estimated that ttheyre are approximately 11 million vapers and e-cigarette users in tthey U.S. alone and tthey proportion who want to stop will find it difficult because of nicotine addiction. Tthey 2019 controversy over severe lung illness in some vapers has only exacerbated tthey situation. We've engaged with FreeMind, a consultancy which identifies non-dilutive funding sources to assist in raising financing for ttheir trial. Achieve will potentially be tthey first mover to proceed with indication in e-cigarette users and vapers wanting to control or stop nicotine addiction. And finally, Achieve successfully raised additional capital to fund tthey continued progress of tthey non-clinical and clinical program. On today's call, we will focus on three near term value drivers. Firstly, an overview of tthey new ORCA-1 cytisinicline analyses presented ttheir week at tthey Society for Research on Nicotine & Tobacco or SRNT Carlual Meeting. Ttheyn I will provide an update on future trials including tthey outcome of our FDA discussions, our plans for Phase 3, as well as an exploration of cytisinicline for e-cigarette users and vapers. And finally John will review tthey financial results from tthey fourth quarter and year end 2019. An overview of new analyses was presented to tthey SRNT conference by Dr. Mitctheyll Nides of LA Clinical Trials yesterday. Tthey slides are now available on tthey Achieve website. Dr. Nides was tthey principal investigator for tthey ORCA-1 Phase 2b trial and was also an investigator for multiple Chantix trials. As I said earlier, tthey ORCA-1 study evaluated 250 full smokers at eight clinical trial locations in tthey U.S. and smokers receiving 3 mg three times daily at 25-day treatment period experienced impressive quit outcomes. Smokers in ttheir cytisinicline arm demonstrated a 54% abstinence rate at week five or compared to 16% who were placebo and a 30% four-week continuous abstinence rate compared to 8% for placebo. Ttheyse statistically significant results obviously indicate that a treatment effect was observed in smokers who were treated with cytisinicline. Tthey new analyses presented ttheir week explored two important items. Wtheyttheyr or not factors such as demographics, smoking habits, prior quit attempts or clinical trial location have an impact on cytisinicline treatment effect and furttheyr bioctheymical verification or scientific proof that smokers who said ttheyy did quit actually did. We conducted ttheyse additional analyses so that we could be assured that cytisinicline is effective regardless of demographics or smoking theirtory and to furttheyr confirm by additional bioctheymical verification cytisinicline's effectiveness as an aid to smoking cessation. Tthey analyses of external factors or effects to mollify analyses results indicate that cytisinicline benefit was consistently observed across a wide variety of criteria. Meaning, cytisinicline theylped smokers quit regardless of demographics such as age or gender, regardless of how many years or packs a day ttheyy had smoked, how many times ttheyy tried to quit previously and importantly regardless of what prior treatments ttheyy had utilized in prior quit attempts including Chantix, Zyban, or nicotine replacement ttheyrapy. Additionally, ttheyse data also confirmed that treatment benefit was not influenced by clinical site location. It is important to note that tthey participants in tthey ORCA-1 trial represented a theyavy smoking population with a long duration and extensive prior quit attempts. Tthey average smoking theirtory of subjects was 32.1 years, smoking an average of 18 cigarettes per day. Additionally, subjects had an average of 4.5 quit attempts without a prescription or over-tthey-counter ttheyrapies. Despite ttheyse compounding factors, cytisinicline demonstrated consistently impressive quit rates. Moving on to tthey analyses of our bioctheymical verification of smoker reported quitting. Both exhaled carbon monoxide or CO and serum cotinine are bioctheymical products from cigarette smoking that were measured for objective bioctheymical outcomes in tthey ORCA-1 trial. Ttheyse two measures, CO in particular, are tthey gold standard in smoking cessation trials to bioctheymically confirm smoking cessation. Ttheyy are accepted by tthey FDA and tthey use of standards for currently approved smoking cessation ttheyrapeutics. In tthey 3 mg three times a day arm, tthey self reported 74% reduction in cigarettes smoked was matctheyd by a similar 80% reduction in CO. Ttheir was tthey higtheyst level of CO reduction in tthey study and provided objective verification of tthey 74% reduction in tthey number of cigarettes smoked. In contrast, tthey placebo group had a self reported 62% reduction in cigarettes smoked but ttheyre was a mismatch with only a 38% decline in CO. Ttheir indicated eittheyr a significant underreporting of tthey actual number of cigarettes smoked or smoke is over compensated by deep inhalation of cigarette smoked and holding smoke in ttheyir lungs for longer. In addition to tthey CO efficacy measurement tthey new analyses also demonstrated cytisinicline bioctheymical efficacy by measuring serum cotinine. Consistent with tthey CO analyses, all subjects in tthey cytocine treated arms had a statistically significant reduction in serum cotinine levels by tthey end of tthey study treatment, wtheyreas tthey placebo group did not. Ttheyse new data points provide additional significance so through tthey ORCA-1 trial results. Cytisinicline was successful in a population of theyavy smokers with a long smoking theirtory who had made a number of prior quit attempts. Ttheir is regardless of age, gender, race or geographic location of tthey trial sites. Also cytisinicline showed significant reduction in tthey exhaled CO and in tthey serum cotinine levels in comparison to placebo treated patients. Ttheyre was a benefit to all cytisinicline treated smokers, not just confirmed quitters. Ttheir is important because it provides evidence for tthey better outcome could have potentially been achieved if tthey treatment had been longer than 25 days. Turning to future plans and an update on tthey Phase 3 clinical trial program. In tthey fourth quarter of 2019 we theyld discussions with tthey FDA to finalize our Phase 3 clinical trial protocol and overall development program for cytisinicline. Tthey three key items were agreed with FDA. Firstly, and most importantly, tthey FDA agreed with tthey overall Phase 3 trial design utilizing tthey simplified cytisinicline dosing of 3 mg administered three times daily and with an extended treatment period of six and 12 weeks. No changes were required for tthey proposed primary and secondary analyses. Tthey FDA agreed with evaluating our longer treatment was appropriate which as I outlined just now could lead to even better efficacy outcomes. Secondly, tthey FDA also agreed that tthey use of tthey newly developed single 3 mg cytisinicline tablet in tthey Phase 3 program was acceptable. Thirdly, tthey FDA agreed that tthey single 30 mg high dose of cytisinicline in a maximum tolerated dose trial was sufficient. As a reminder, ttheir was a standard safety study required for tthey NDA to ensure no serious side effects if cytisinicline is taken beyond tthey recommended dose. Tthey fact that we did not reach any serious or severe adverse effects at 10 times tthey 3 mg recommended dose reinforces tthey safety profile we have seen with cytisinicline theirtorically. To be clear, we have no intentions of testing doses higtheyr than 3 mg in our Phase 3 trials. Overall we are extremely pleased with tthey outcome of our discussions and with our collaboration with tthey FDA review teams. We are confident that tthey Phase 3 trial designs are well poised to address three key factors. Number one, tthey evaluation of tthey high end 3 mg dose of cytisinicline given only three times daily which was tthey best performing cohort in tthey ORCA-1 trial. Number two, tthey simplification of tthey dosing sctheydule leading to ease of use for smokers and number three, tthey extension of tthey treatment duration to six and 12 weeks expected to yield better and more durable efficacy results. Tthey extension of tthey dosing period to six weeks in tthey Phase 3 trials could have significant benefits. It will allow us to measure tthey primary endpoint of four weeks continues abstinence while patients are still receiving cytisinicline treatment. Ttheir was not possible with a 25-day treatment period in tthey ORCA-1 trial. As documented in tthey literature measuring efficacy while patients are on treatment typically results in higtheyr quit rates. Ttheir approach is consistent with theirtoric Chantix Phase 3 clinical trials. Significant effort is now ongoing to prepare for tthey upcoming Phase 3 trials. Tthey interim chronic toxicology report is under review and expected to be submitted to tthey FDA in April. Clinical trial medication has been manufactured and packaged. Contract research organization has been selected and clinical site selection is underway. Shifting towards ottheyr opportunities in nicotine addiction, Achieve's proposed Phase 2 clinical study to evaluate tthey potential for cytisinicline as a nicotine addiction cessation treatment of vapers and e-cigarette users has received significant attention. Tthey number of tthey e-cigarette users continues to grow and is reported in tthey Alanls of Internal Medicine in 2018 has reactheyd nearly $11 million users in tthey U.S. alone of which nearly half are around tthey age of 35. While e-cigarettes and vapes have theirtorically been viewed as safer than combustible cigarettes, ttheyse products must sustain nicotine addiction and ttheyir long term safety remains unproven. We believe cytisinicline could theylp address ttheir emerging issue. We have initiated an agreement with FreeMind, an organization that assists life science companies with non-dilutive financing opportunities. Ttheyir key focus is to theylp us identify sources of funding for future scientists clinically in vaping trials. In parallel, we've launctheyd a market research program including an initial study of 500 subjects to evaluate vaping and e-cigarettes user demographics, behaviors, and perceptions on addiction and quitting. Tthey outcome is expected to inform clinical development activities, commercial assumptions and patient selection for future clinical trials. I'll now turn tthey call over to John for review of tthey fourth quarter financial results. John Bencich Thanks Rick. I would like to provide an update on our cash balances as of December 31, 2019 and also our operating expenses for tthey fourth quarter of 2019. As of December 31, 2019 tthey company's cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash were $16.7 million compared to $14.7 million as of December 31, 2018. Our year-end cash balance reflects tthey proceeds from our December financing which provided incremental cash net of transaction costs of approximately $12.3 million. Turning to our statement of operations, tthey company incurred a net loss of $3.2 million for tthey quarter ended December 31, 2019 as compared to a net loss of $3.6 million for tthey same quarter of 2018. Total operating expenses in tthey fourth quarter of 2019 decreased by approximately $0.5 million over tthey fourth quarter of 2018. As highlighted previously, operating expenses decreased in tthey second half of 2019 as we finalized our ORCA-1 trial. We expect our quarterly operating expenses to remain low in advance of initiating tthey Phase 3 development of cytisinicline. That concludes tthey summary of our fourth quarter financial results. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Rick. Richard Stewart Thank you, John. Finally, I want to talk about Achieve's commercialization plan. Our goal is to maximize tthey value of direct revenues to Achieve and to its shareholders. Ttheyre is an obvious global partnering opportunity which in tthey case of Chantix in 2019 represented roughly $1.1 billion in revenues. Tthey U.S. opportunity alone represents over 80% of tthey world market or nearly $900 million. We assess tthey global smoking cessation market in a similar way, with an overwtheylming majority of revenue potential coming from tthey U.S. market and roughly 20% from tthey rest of tthey world. Our expectation is that cytisinicline will be cost effective with potentially better efficacy and a superior side effect profile in currently available prescription smoking cessation drugs. In terms of future commercialization, we believe ttheyre are multiple categories of potential target prescribers, including smoking cessation clinicians, specialists in ottheyr diseases, such as oncology, cardiovascular and respiratory, and primary care physicians. Increased access to smoking cessation medications and counseling continues to expand. For example, a number of states have permitted tthey prescribing of smoking cessation ttheyrapies by pharmacists, and retail pharmacies in tthey U.S. are now implementing behavioral counseling and prescribing in-stores. Tthey approach to each of ttheyse stakeholders is changing rapidly with improved access via digital technology and reduction in reliance on large-scale traditional sales forces for tthey primary care channel. Achieve's commercial strategy reflects ttheir changing environment. Ultimately we expect Achieve's commercial approach to be a combination of digital marketing and highly targeted personal promotional efforts. Our recent discussions with potential U.S. and international partners reflect ttheir dynamic. So in summary, Achieve is now Phase 3 ready with a drug that has already treated over $21 million patients to date in Central and Eastern Europe with over 2000 patients in two large-scale investigator led Phase 3 trials, both and which were publittheyyd in tthey New England Journal of Medicine and a compretheynsive clinical development program. Cytisinicline will address tthey market with 34 million smokers in tthey U.S. and over 1.1 billion globally. Thank you again for joining tthey call. Operator, please open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Michael Higgins from Ladenburg Thalmann. Michael Higgins Good morning guys, how are you? Richard Stewart Very well, thank you, Michael, keeping well? Michael Higgins Good. A couple of questions for you if I could. Can you give us a bit more feedback on your discussions with governmental groups on potential e-vaping study and some feedback for us on tthey potential study design, number of patients, sites which you are looking to get on to that study? Thanks. Richard Stewart Okay, Cindy do you want to answer that one? Cindy Jacobs Yes, actually we're just finalizing that protocol with our key opinion leaders. I think it's fair to say that it is going to be a double-blind, randomized study. Tthey evaluation for safety will look very similar to our Phase 3 studies in smokers. Tthey efficacy components will be similar as well as far as looking at not only vaping abstinence or vaping cessation for four weeks, but weekly monitoring as far as cotinine and ttheyy being over a 12-week period. Michael Higgins Okay, that's very theylpful. CO as well I assume? Cindy Jacobs Yes, we are looking at CO because ttheir study right now is looking at vapers only. So we are monitoring for any vapers that might go back to smoking as far as CO levels. Michael Higgins Got you, okay. Would it also have tthey six and 12-week period like ORCA-2? Cindy Jacobs All subjects would be at 12 weeks, but you can look, we are looking at it at tthey six-week as an independent endpoint as well as tthey 12 weeks. Michael Higgins Okay, that's interesting. Okay, thanks. And ttheyn a question on we are hoping to see some results ttheir spring. I understand tthey principal investigator would like to hold those for a conference. Is it possible to get some topline results out ttheir spring? Richard Stewart Yes, I think that's going to be tough one. You might remember Michael, ttheir was conducted in New Zealand in a principally Māori population. And I think ttheyre were some processes that need to be gone through with tthey patient population down ttheyre. So our expectation is, it is going to be coming out in tthey fall. Michael Higgins Okay. SRNT-E I assume? Richard Stewart Correct. Michael Higgins Okay. Tthey last one from me and ttheyn I'll turn it back in tthey queue. Tthey news said tthey course is 119 and I was theyaring one of tthey reasons may be tthey reason that Mainland China has had some much more detrimental impact from tthey virus that ttheyir smoking rates are much higtheyr in women and ttheir is a respiratory disease. Any evidence that e-vaping may have an effect on one's ability to become severely affected by COVID-19? Richard Stewart Yes, I mean - I think it's very early days to be able to call definitively. I think ttheyre has been a lot of debate around tthey fact that tthey mortality rate of a man in China is somewhat higtheyr than tthey women's population, I think it's about a 70/30 split. I don't think it can be translated more widely yet. But certainly, tthey Mayor of New York on Sunday I believe was talking about tthey impact of smoking and vaping on eittheyr tthey prevalence of COVID-19, and/or tthey severity of it. Tony, do you want to talk a little bit about tthey kind of underlying pathology related to that? Anthony Clarke Yes, sure. I mean, ttheir is a moving field. I mean, literally on a daily basis with new stuff is appearing from researctheyrs, but my understanding is ttheir. Wtheyn ttheyy look back at what happened with SARS in China, it did seem to affect males more prevalently than females. And one of tthey arguments presented at tthey time is ttheyre is a huge disparity in tthey number of smokers compared with non-smokers. In ottheyr words, tthey males smoke a lot more than females ttheyre in China. And that was kind of people looked at it and said, well, that's kind of interesting, but I wonder if that's tthey real reason, or if it is something else? What's happened since ttheyn is that we now understand that ttheyre are two reasons how ttheyse COVID viruses get in, we inhale ttheym, and tthey area of tthey lungs, as we all know, is like several football fields, it's massive. That's one way. Tthey ottheyr thing that seems to have happened that we've discovered is that tthey H2 receptor, ttheir is an angiotensin converting enzyme to receptor is also expressed in tthey lung. And it seems to be tthey protein that ttheyse viruses latch on to. And tthey interesting thing theyre that literally is coming out just in recent days is that it appears that ttheir new COVID-19 uses a similar mechanism. So it seems to bind to tthey H2 receptor. And tthey reason that's important is because nicotine seems to cause an increase in tthey expression of H2 receptors in tthey lungs. In ottheyr words, smokers and also vapers could also express a lot more of ttheir receptor and ttheyn maybe leave ttheym more prone to tthey virus taking hold if ttheyy inhale it. And I think ttheir is really important because a lot of tthey press in tthey last couple of years have been saying it's safer to vape than it is to smoke. Well, certainly in terms of a lot of tthey stuff that's been smoked that might be true in cigarette smoke. But now we're seeing that if it is nicotine that causes ttheir, ttheyn, vapers are just as much at increased risk of ttheir virus taking hold of smokers. So it's a moving field, but it's looking really interesting. It's tthey first time I think, that we've seen a real problem that is specific to kind of vaping, wtheyreas previously everyone was saying vaping is safe. Michael Higgins Yes, that makes sense. Ttheyre is a lot of overlap with tthey SARS virus and COVID-19. SARS 2 virus as ttheyy're calling it. Richard Stewart Yes. Q – Unidentified Analyst It has tthey same receptor binding motif, same H2 receptor, same tthey critical residues. Richard Stewart Yes. Michael Higgins So and that's also why ttheyy're bringing out a lot of what's worked in SARS theyre for COVID-19. We'll see more of an impact in Q… Richard Stewart Ttheyre is stuff appearing on a daily basis with ttheir. So that's my latest understanding, you know repeated working out so fast. Michael Higgins I appreciate that. Thanks guys. Richard Stewart You're welcome Operator Your next question comes from Vernon Bernardino from H.C. Wainwright. Vernon Bernardino Hi guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. And congrats on tthey progress and getting closer to tthey Phase 3 looking forward to that initiation with cytisinicline. I'm intrigued by Michael's question on tthey vaping and tthey doctor's answer on H2 and nicotine role in increasing expression. But first, I'd like to ask as far as tthey discussions with KOLs on vapers use two things. Do ttheyy see that because one of tthey things about tthey cytisinicline is perhaps as we all know tthey studies show that if some patients for example, some subjects in tthey Phase 3 studies in tthey past had been on tthey trial longer ttheyy been achieved, ttheyy could have stopped smoking. Is ttheyre a dynamic like that that is seen in vapers use and do you foresee something like that? I know that you're going to look at all ttheyse, but you're also going to be able to look at six and cessation durability after that, but is ttheyre anything like that as far as tthey thinking in a study in vapers use? Richard Stewart Cindy? Cindy Jacobs Well, I'm not sure I'm understanding tthey question, but ttheir study is really looking at individuals who are vaping that want to quit vaping. So we'll be selecting for those individuals who really want to control, reduce ttheyir nicotine addiction, as well as potentially stopping vaping in ttheyir control of nicotine addiction. We're also doing a survey and I don't know Jaime, if you'd like to kind of just overview as far as understanding more tthey population of vapers. Obviously, ttheyre's not been studies really looking in ttheir regard of vapers for stopping vaping with unlike something like cytisinicline. So we are kind of on tthey cutting edge theyre and looking at ttheir population and moving forward, but we are very committed to looking at ttheir as an added or additional indication to our smoking cessation with FDA. Vernon Bernardino Okay, so to backtrack a little bit ttheyn on wtheyn vapers use ttheyse devices to try to quit smoking, how does it compare as to tthey length of time it takes versus ottheyr smoking cessation products, including Chantix? Cindy Jacobs I'm not sure that, actually no, I don’t have that information at hand. Jaime Xinos As Cindy mentioned, we're conducting a survey with 500 vapers that's ongoing at ttheir time, and we're trying to get at some of those answers, because we all have that same question. Are ttheyse cessation methods that ttheyy're using vaping for or are ttheyy use, do ttheyy actually want to come off of nicotine all togettheyr? And what is ttheyir willingness to try alternative strategies beyond vaping or e-cigarettes to do that. So I think part of tthey survey that we are currently fielding would probably give us some of that insight. Vernon Bernardino Okay, and so tthey research on ttheym is early, but as far as what direction is being taken? What are some of tthey near term questions that perhaps need to be answered as far as tthey research on nicotine H2 and coronavirus? Richard Stewart That that is a tough one. Yes, I think. I think tthey numbers are too, ill-defined right now. You know, tthey first instance of coronavirus was really identified in November. And whilst at tthey current time we're getting data coming in from China. Tthey real question is, how reflective is that data or what is going on, say in tthey U.K. and tthey U.S.? Ttheyre is certainly some degree of evidence that in fact, tthey smoking and vaping population is perhaps, and I'm only saying perhaps more susceptible to coronavirus, and perhaps is getting most of ttheyir symptoms. And I think that's what Bill de Blasio was really getting at Sunday in their conference call, that ttheyse are only perhaps, because we simply don't have enough data points. But it - certainly given tthey impaired nature of smokers and to a degree vapers' lungs, it is entirely logical that those two would be potentially evidence with more data. Vernon Bernardino Okay, and ttheyn last question before I get back in tthey queue. How do tthey lungs compare people who had a severe response to coronavirus versus those with tthey issues of vapers who felt ill with ttheyse approved type of products? Richard Stewart Again, I don't think ttheyre is an update. I mean, I think most recently, I mean, as Tony said, we're seeing new data on a day-to-day basis. And certainly - as recently as yesterday ttheyy were identifying that x-rays are potentially a better tool for diagnosing COVID-19 in patients. And certainly what you're seeing is not only what you're seeing in tthey U.S., but ttheir glass effect that people are talking about is a clear characteristic of COVID-19. Now, again, what we are looking at tthey moment publications coming out of principally China in people, males in particular, who are older and have been substantial smokers. Does that actually correlate with tthey experience in Italy, wtheyre again, you have an elderly patient population perhaps and ottheyrs strong smokers? So I think tthey diagnostic tools that we're talking about for COVID-19 are developing on a virtual daily basis. So, yes, what we expect to see is moving forward, starting to get a better understanding of tthey impact of smokers versus non-smokers, vapers versus non- vapers, but clearly ttheyre is a message that is coming out from various sources in tthey U.S. in terms of start to look at those populations as more at risk than non-smokers. Vernon Bernardino And how many people in China use vaping products? And ttheyn I'll get back in tthey queue. Thanks. Richard Stewart Yes, relatively few. If you take smoking population of roughly somewtheyre between 70% and 80% of tthey Chinese population, yes I think you're looking at somewtheyre in tthey 15% to 17% actually use vaping devices, and principally ttheyre are dual users as well. Vernon Bernardino Okay, thank you very much. I appreciate you indulging my follow ups. Richard Stewart Okay. Operator Your next question comes from John Vandermosten from Zacks SER. John Vandermosten Good morning. Regarding tthey FreeMind work that's only related to tthey vaping study, right? It's not going to be funds from that relationship are going to be used more broadly? Richard Stewart Cindy? Cindy Jacobs Yes, correct. John Vandermosten Okay. And I assume that ttheyy're looking for things like grants from government or private groups. Is that mostly tthey source that ttheyy would theylp you from? Cindy Jacobs Yes. That’s correct. John Vandermosten Okay. And ttheyn anottheyr question on measuring for that vaping trial carbon monoxide and cotinine levels, I assume that carbon monoxide is only related to smoking, right? I mean, if ttheyy were just vaping you wouldn't be able to detect it from carbon monoxide? Cindy Jacobs Yes, so I think, we'll still be monitoring for CO obviously for any cigarette, reverting back to cigarette smoking or increasing cigarette smoking. John Vandermosten Got it. And ttheyn cotinine, that's tied to nicotine. I'm not quite sure of that. Maybe you could just give me a sentence or two on how that's fits into tthey vaping and also with smoking? Cindy Jacobs Yes, so cotinine is a metabolic product of nicotine, so nicotine ttheyn goes into cotinine and ottheyr things. So you can measure cotinine in tthey serum, or in ttheir case, we're going to be looking at it in saliva, and it's with a specific lab that's connected with Neal Benowitz and their research and a quantitative saliva cotinine testing. So we can actually measure ttheyn changes in cotinine levels, which would relate to changes in nicotine. John Vandermosten Okay, and is tthey same amount of nicotine. You know, I'm wondering if tthey same amount of nicotine is different wtheyn you're trying to measure it between smoking and vaping because wtheyn smoking is theyated up quite a bit more than it is vaping? Cindy Jacobs Well, I think tthey amount of nicotine wtheyttheyr it is in smoke or in vaping, tthey cotinine levels will be a direct measure of how much nicotine tthey body or in tthey lungs that nicotine has gone. So I'm not sure that I know exactly tthey answer to your question, but that's why it's very important to have a quantitative assay for cotinine, which a lot of ttheyse assays are just yes, no, ttheyy have ttheyn a lower limit of detecting cotinine. But that's why we're really looking at a research lab at a quantitative level for cotinine to look at various aspects of changing in ttheir study over tthey 12 weeks. John Vandermosten Okay, and you said earlier that tthey FDA accepts both carbon monoxide and cotinine for tthey normal studies that would be done for cytisiniclineand regular smoking, right? So ttheyy already recognized that as an endpoint? Cindy Jacobs Absolutely. John Vandermosten Okay, and just final question on, it looks like you guys presented yesterday morning at tthey SRNT conference, any feedback from that at all in terms of audience response or anything in response to tthey presentation of that data? Cindy Jacobs Well, at least we know that ttheyre were individuals ttheyre and ttheyre was about - ttheyre was over 30 individuals ttheyre in tthey meeting room. I guess that's one thing that surprised us. It was given by a video and auditory with Dr. Mitctheyll Nides due to tthey obviously tthey reduction in travel. John Vandermosten Okay, thank you guys for tthey answers. Richard Stewart Okay. Operator Your next question comes from Michael Higgins from Ladenburg Thalmann. Michael Higgins Good morning, guys, a couple follow ups if I could. From tthey max tolerated dose study tthey 30 mg dose, wtheyre ttheyre any notable adverse events? Were ttheyy in line with what would be expected, say nausea, abnormal drains [ph]? Cindy Jacobs Yes, so at tthey higtheyst dose of 30 mg we did finally see nausea and vomiting in 2/6 individuals, which even though ttheyy were moderate adverse events, that's wtheyre FDA agreed with us that we didn't need to press farttheyr in ttheir patient populations, and that was tthey expected adverse events. We just expected it at a lot lower levels, and it took 30 mg to actually see that. Michael Higgins So you didn't see it at 27 or earlier? Cindy Jacobs Well, you saw some nausea maybe sporadically throughout tthey trial, but it was tthey combination of 2/6 individuals that not only had nausea, but actually had vomiting that was ttheyn tthey trigger to say, okay, ttheir dose is ttheyn what would be in close to, if not ttheyre at tthey maximum tolerated dose for ttheir patient population, certainly did not fulfill tthey criteria, tthey protocol, which was any one severe adverse event. Ttheir was moderate, but that's wtheyre ttheyn tthey Data Safety Monitoring Committee, ourselves, and FDA agreed to stop tthey trial and say it was adequate. Michael Higgins Right, understood. Yes, those are awkward studies. [Indiscernible] Now we have ORCA-1 being reviewed a bit furttheyr. I was wondering, I think ttheir is an old question. Tthey adverse events in tthey down titration on considering tthey patients are getting so much more drug, you know if tthey adverse events that we see in tthey table theyre from yesterday's slide again theyre, since ttheyy're higtheyr down titration did ttheyy happened earlier in tthey study wtheyn ttheyy were at a higtheyr dose it would seem to make sense? Cindy Jacobs Ttheyy were sporadic, but ttheyre was a slight increase as far as earlier, but it wasn't evident. It wasn't something that we felt was a significant time onset. But again, if you're only looking at onset of adverse events in like, three to six individuals or so it's really hard to call out any difference in time onset, so we'll have to look at that. Obviously, we won't have tthey titration arms in tthey Phase 3. But looking at time onset for tthey 3 mg three times a day we'll have a better chance of really evaluating that in tthey Phase 3 studies with some hundreds of subjects. Michael Higgins Right. Thank you. Rick, you mentioned some, you know some comments on ORCA-2 design. I didn't catch what you had said on tthey secondaries. Can you give us some feedback as to what tthey secondary points are looking like? Richard Stewart That's one for Cindy again? Cindy Jacobs You want me to take it. So tthey secondary endpoints are really looking at longer term follow up at tthey 24 weeks or six months for smoking cessation. And it's also looking at comparison of relapse, looking at if ttheyre is a reduction in overall relapses, if you had six weeks of treatment versus 12 weeks of treatment. Michael Higgins Got you. Okay, interesting. Thank you. Any update for us on tthey NCCIH funded non-clinical reproductive study, has that been completed yet? Cindy Jacobs Yes, it has. We have actually, we are reviewing tthey report and that it will be probably submitted at tthey similar time, if not at tthey same time as our 13-week more chronic toxicity studies to FDA in April. Michael Higgins Okay. Is tthey started work to a gating factor being and in vaping, non-dilutive funded events? Is that what we're waiting for? It sounds like sites are being activated and set up and drug product is being ready. It's not really ready. Can you give us an update as to what tthey gating factor we would be seeing? Cindy Jacobs Rick, do you want to take that? Richard Stewart Yes, sure. Let me make sure I understood tthey question Michael. So, wtheyn I go is tthey vaping study gated by tthey start of tthey Phase 3, is that right? Michael Higgins Is tthey standard Phase 3s gated by e-funding - or sort of funding for tthey e-vaping study? Richard Stewart Now, tthey start of tthey Phase 3 is entirely independent. We are talking with FreeMind that vaping study will start wtheyn we've got non-dilutive financing. In tthey meantime, we've got tthey smoking cessation Phase 3s, which are currently in tthey setup phase. As I said, we're in site selection right now. Tthey actual timing and tthey start of tthey Phase 3 is somewhat dependent on tthey availability of capital, but ttheyy are actually independent. Michael Higgins Okay, thank you. Ttheyn just sort of one last one last one theyre. And Jaime you alluded to some of ttheir with tthey 500 patient survey. Just trying to get a better handle on tthey quit rates among those that have smoked for 30 years and are traditional smoking cessation patients versus tthey e-vapers. Ttheyre is 11 million or e-vapers out ttheyre versus 34 million cigarette smokers, but on a quit rates or wanting to quit rattheyr, rates similar or different and you may not have that data but just trying to get a sense for it theyre. Thank you. Jaime Xinos Yes, I can say from tthey survey that is one of tthey questions that we're looking to address. We've segmented tthey population that we're interviewing into dual users, never smokers, and prior smokers. So people who have a quit, so I expect that we'll get different answers from those audiences and that's kind of tthey point of conducting tthey research is to determine wtheyre ttheyy come togettheyr and wtheyre ttheyre's maybe some commonalities versus differences in ttheyir quit behavior and ttheyir quit journey. We're also really looking to understand as we did in our smoking survey earlier and about 1100 smokers, what is ttheyir willingness to try something new if ttheyy have an option? And really what is ttheyir perceived level of addiction, and are ttheyy looking to quit or are ttheyy fine just being vapers or e-cigarette users for tthey expected future? So I think those questions will really theylp us to build out a forecast and also understand who we should be bringing into our trial, because we obviously want people who are motivated to quit to be enrolled in tthey clinical trials, ottheyrwise tthey results are not going to be as we would hope. Michael Higgins Right. Wtheyn do you expect to get ttheyse survey results and do you need ttheym to define tthey statistical assumptions in tthey e-vaping quit study? Jaime Xinos We do not need tthey results for anything directed towards tthey Phase 2 at ttheir time, and we expect to have ttheym in tthey next several weeks. Michael Higgins Great. I appreciate all tthey feedback and all tthey questions. Thanks again, guys. Jaime Xinos Thank you. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Rick Stewart. Richard Stewart Well, I'd just like to thank you all for joining Q4 2019 and full year results conference call and we look forward to talking to you in tthey near future. Thanks a lot. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect and thank you for your participation.