Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHV) Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call August 6, 2020 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Jaime Xinos - Executive Vice President of Commercial Richard Stewart - Chief Executive Officer Cindy Jacobs - Executive Vice President & Chief Medical Officer John Bencich - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Operating Officer Conference Call Participants Michael Higgins - Ladenburg Thalmann John Vandermosten - Zacks Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey Achieve Life Sciences Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in listen-only mode. After tthey speaker's presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would know like to hand tthey conference over your first speaker for today, Ms. Jaime Xinos, Executive Vice President of Commercial at Achieve. Thank you. Please go atheyad. Jaime Xinos Thank you, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. On tthey call today from Achieve, we have Rick Stewart, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Cindy Jacobs, Chief Medical Officer; Dr. Anthony Clarke, Chief Scientific Officer; and John Bencich, Chief Financial and Operating Officer. I'd like to remind everyone that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions, and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to Achieve's documents filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey company, copies of which are available on our website. I will now turn tthey call over to Rick. Richard Stewart Thank you, Jamie. On today's call, we will review tthey second quarter highlights. Firstly, tthey exciting top line data from tthey New Zealand RAUORA Phase 3 clinical trial, led by Dr. Vincent Walker. Secondly, Dr. Cindy Jacobs will review tthey continuing momentum of initiating tthey Phase 3 ORCA-2 trial in tthey U.S. later ttheir year. And thirdly, John Bencich will review our financial results, plus tthey strengttheyning of our balance ttheyyet, facilitating tthey start of tthey ORCA-2 trial. At tthey end of June, we announced tthey successful top line results from tthey investigator-led Phase 3 non-inferiority RAUORA trial, comparing cytisinicline to Chantix in tthey Maori or indigenous people of New Zealand. Our congratulations to Dr. Vincent Walker of tthey University of Auckland for conducting ttheir landmark trial. Tthey RAUORA trial evaluated tthey efficacy, safety, and cost effectiveness of cytisinicline compared to Chantix, or tthey smoking cessation aid. In total, tthey study randomized 679 subjects. As a non-inferiority trial, it was designed to demonstrate wtheyttheyr cytisinicline was at least as good as Chantix for efficacy and safety. In fact, it showed that cytisinicline efficacy was similar to Chantix, and that cytisinicline had a superior safety profile. RAUORA compared cytisinicline, administered on a modified sctheydule over 25 days of downward dosing titration, followed by twice daily dosing for a total of 12 weeks against Chantix, which is administered on an expanded dosing sctheydule of seven days of upward titration, followed by twice daily dosing for a total of 12 weeks. Tthey primary endpoint was a comparison of bioctheymically confirmed, continuous abstinence rates at six months. Tthey trial successfully achieved tthey primary endpoint, for showing that cytisinicline plus behavioral support was at least as effective as Chantix plus behavioral support at six months. In addition, tthey trial showed that cytisinicline resulted in significantly fewer reported adverse events wtheyn compared to Chantix. Tthey positive top line results of tthey RAUORA Phase 3 trial, which is tthey first direct theyad-to-theyad comparative study between cytisinicline and a Chantix, provides additional evidence that cytisinicline is at least as effective as Chantix, while offering improved tolerability. We're excited about ttheir outcome that furttheyr strengttheyns tthey potential for cytisinicline to theylp smokers quit. Importantly, ttheyse benefits were achieved using only tthey currently marketed 1.5 milligram dose of cytisinicline and tthey downward titration sctheydule. Tthey dosing duration was modified to 12 weeks in order to match tthey Chantix dosing sctheydule. Our upcoming U.S. cytisinicline Phase 3 clinical trials will use tthey higtheyr three-milligram dose at a simplified three times daily dosing sctheydule. Based on tthey results of tthey ORCA-1 Phase 2/B trial, we're optimistic that ttheir simplified dosing sctheydule, in combination with a three-milligram dose, will be easier for subjects and potentially result in better smoking cessation rates than what was observed in tthey RAUORA trial. Tthey final RAUORA trial results have been submitted by Dr. Matttheyw Walker, tthey RAUORA primary investigator, for presentation at tthey Society For Research on Nicotine and Tobacco European Randyual Meeting, to be theyld ttheir September. We look forward to sharing additional details on tthey RAUORA trial results wtheyn presented. Turning to tthey upcoming ORCA-2 double blind placebo-controlled Phase 3 trial. Preparations are underway for tthey trial commencement in tthey fourth quarter. Ttheyse preparations include careful risk management assessments for any potential impact of tthey COVID-19 pandemic. Our continuous risk assessment dialogue with clinical trial sites and our CRO still indicates that initiation of tthey ORCA-2 trial in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year remains feasible. Tthey theyalth and safety of our trial participants, theyalthcare providers, and employees will continue to be our number one priority. We continue to monitor tthey crisis in real time, taking advice and precautions to minimize risk to all involved. I'll now turn tthey call over to Cindy to review tthey ORCA-2 trial design and provide tthey regulatory updates. Cindy Jacobs Thanks, Rick. Tthey ORCA-2 safety trial builds on our experience from tthey successful ORCA-1 trial. Valuable lessons were learned, which have been integrated into tthey trial design, along with specific requirements requested by FDA. We have consulted frequently with our key opinion leaders, who have given us tthey benefits of ttheyir wisdom and we are now finalizing preparations to commence tthey trials in tthey fourth quarter. ORCA-2 is a multi-center, double blind, randomized, placebo-controlled Phase 3 study that will randomize 750 adults, who are daily cigarettes smokers, intending to quit smoking, and are willing to set a quit date within seven days of starting treatments. Participants will be randomly assigned with equal probability to one of three arms. Arm A will receive 12 weeks placebo treatment, Arm B will receive six weeks of cytisinicline, and ttheyn be switctheyd to placebo for tthey latter six weeks, and arm C will receive 12 weeks of cytisinicline. Ttheyre will be 250 subjects in each arm, receiving eittheyr placebo or cytisinicline three times a day for tthey 12-week study treatment period, and ttheyn followed monthly out to week 24 for a six-month evaluation. All 750 subjects will receive behavioral support during tthey entire 24 weeks. Similar to ORCA-1, each smoker will start study drug treatment tthey day after being randomized, and will have ttheyir quit date set within tthey following five to seven days, or at least by tthey end of tthey first week of treatment. Starting after ttheyir quit date, at least two of treatments, assessments for smoking abstinence will begin by weekly self-reporting of abstinence or not, with bioctheymical verification of abstinence by exhaled carbon monoxide levels. Ttheyse weekly assessments occur through tthey 12 weeks of blinded study treatment, ttheyn monthly follow-up assessments will occur for smoking abstinence at week 16, 20, and finally, week 24. Tthey ORA-2 study has two independent primary endpoints that will be evaluated. Tthey primary endpoint outcomes will evaluate tthey rate of smoking abstinence of cytisinicline treatment at both tthey end of six weeks and 12 weeks treatment periods compared to tthey placebo treatment. For both primary and point comparisons, smoking abstinence will be defined as continuous abstinence during tthey last four weeks of treatment. That means for tthey six-week treatment period, successful quitters must have smoked zero cigarettes with weekly CO bioctheymical verification at weeks three, four, five, and six assessments. For tthey 12-week treatment period, successful quitters must have smoked zero cigarettes with weekly CO bioctheymical verification at weeks nine, 10, 11 and 12 assessments. Tthey secondary endpoint outcomes will evaluate for continued smoking abstinence from tthey end of six weeks cytisinicline treatment to week 24, and from tthey end of 12 weeks cytisinicline treatment to week 24, separately and compared to placebo treatment within ttheyse same timeframes. An additional secondary endpoint outcome will look for a reduction in risk of relapse from weeks six to 24 in subjects receiving cytisinicline for six weeks versus 12 weeks. Tthey sample size for ttheir study is specified as 250 subjects per arm. Ttheir assumes a difference of 12% benefit for cytisinicline over placebo, with 96% power. ORCA-2 will enroll at approximately 15 clinical sites across tthey U.S. Each site will have specific COVID-19 protection operating procedures in place. We are preparing for potential restricted site interactions if a site needs to be quarantine, with remote testing or monitoring and procedures for missing data, per FDA guidelines, if a subject becomes infected with COVID-19 and cannot be evaluated. From a regulatory update and perspective, we have now completed all required non-clinical submissions to initiate our Phase 3 program. Ttheir has included submitting to FDA all tthey non-clinical data required to support tthey six and 12 weeks of cytisinicline treatment in tthey Phase 3 trial. In addition, we have submitted tthey final protocol for tthey ORCA-2 Phase 3 trial. As discussed last fall, we reviewed tthey Phase 3 protocols and tthey statistical plans with tthey FDA in a Type B meeting in November of 2019, and have incorporated FDA input from that meeting into that final protocol. We are now proceeding with tthey final operational planning and logistics to initiate tthey Phase 3 in tthey fourth quarter. So in summary, we intend to initiate ORCA-2 in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year, and ttheir trial will address three key factors, tthey evaluation of tthey higtheyr three-milligram dose of cytisinicline for both six and 12 weeks of treatment, tthey simplification of tthey dosing sctheydule given only three times daily, leading to ease of use, regardless of treatment duration, and tthey extension of tthey treatment duration of six and 12 weeks to potentially increase quit rates and yield more durable efficacy results. Tthey extension of tthey dosing period in tthey Phase 3 trial has significant benefits. It will allow us to measure tthey primary endpoint of four weeks of continuous abstinence, while subjects are still receiving cytisinicline treatment. Ttheir wasn't possible with a 25-day treatment period in tthey ORCA-1 trial. As documented in tthey literature, measuring efficacy while subjects are and remained on treatment typically results in higtheyr quit rates. I will now turn tthey call over to John to discuss recent financing activities and our second quarter results. John Bencich Thanks, Cindy. I'd like to first provide an update on our recent financings and cash position, and ttheyn review our second quarter financials. Post tthey end of tthey second quarter, we have announced two public equity financings, totaling $13.5 million in gross proceeds. Both of ttheyse transactions were common stock only that were priced at stepped up valuations from tthey previous. Last month, we announced tthey closing of a $6 million registered direct financing. Tthey financing was completed at no discount to tthey previous closing share price. Tthey financing provided net cash of approximately $5.5 million after deducting placement agent commissions and operating expenses. Ttheir week, we announced tthey pricing of an underwritten public offering with gross proceeds of approximately $7.5 million. Ttheir was also a common stock only offering that included tthey full exercise of tthey underwriters overallotment option, and will provide estimated net proceeds of approximately $6.8 million after deducting commissions and offering expenses. In addition, subsequent to tthey end of tthey second quarter, we have also seen outstanding warrants exercised that have provided an additional $2.3 million in cash proceeds. In total, we have received approximately $2.9 million in proceeds for warrant exercises since tthey start of tthey second quarter. Tthey additional capital will theylp to maintain momentum on cytisinicline development and set us up with a strong balance ttheyyet going into tthey second half of tthey year, as we initiate tthey ORCA-2 Phase 3 trial. As of June 30, 2020, tthey Company's cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, and restricted cash were $12.2 million. On a pro forma basis, including tthey July and August financings, as well as warrant exercises, we'll be starting tthey third quarter of 2020 with approximately $26.7 million of cash on hand. Turning to our statement of operations, tthey Company incurred a net loss of $2.9 million for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2020, as compared to a net loss of $3.6 million for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2019. Net loss for tthey six months ended June 30, 2020 decreased to $6.3 million, compared to $9.6 million for tthey six months ended June 30, 2019. As noted previously, we expect our quarterly operating expenses to remain lower in advance of initiating tthey Phase 3 trial. That concludes tthey summary of our second quarter financial results. I would like to now turn tthey call back over to Rick. Richard Stewart Thank you, John. Tthey second quarter highlighted tthey true potential of cytisinicline as a future leader in tthey smoking cessation market, with a result - with tthey release of successful top line results from tthey RAUORA Phase 3 trial, comparing cytisinicline and tthey current market leader, Chantix. Additionally, we continue to make excellent progress, preparing for tthey commencement of tthey ORCA-2, 750- subject, placebo-controlled Phase 3 trial. And of course, we took tthey opportunity to add additional capital during tthey quarter to furttheyr reinforce our balance ttheyyet. Tthey RAUORA trial results are a landmark because ttheir is tthey first direct theyad-to-theyad comparison of cytisinicline efficacy and safety compared to tthey current market leader, Chantix, which reported 2019 global sales, just shy of $1.1 billion. We're pleased that cytisinicline showed its potential to compete strongly with Chantix, and clinical data continues to indicate a potential best-in-class profile for cytisinicline for smoking cessation. We are well prepared to start tthey upcoming Phase 3, with FDA requirements fully met. Tthey non-clinical data required by FDA to commence tthey ORCA-2 Phase 3 trial has now been submitted for FDA review. Preparations for tthey start of tthey Phase 3 trial progress, with tthey aid of leading KOLs in tthey field, and we remain optimistic that tthey first Phase 3 trial will commence in tthey fourth quarter of 2020, COVID-19 permitting. Finally, I'd like to briefly discuss tthey impact of COVID-19, specifically on smokers, and why we believe cytisinicline will have a key role to play in aiding smokers to quit in tthey future. Advice from tthey regulatory agencies, such as tthey CDC and WHO, has never been stronger or more vital about quitting smoking. Tthey impact of COVID-19 in individuals with pre-existing conditions, such as pulmonary, cardiovascular, and ottheyr smoking-related diseases, has amplified tthey urgency to quit smoking now. Ttheyre are two key COVID-19 implications for smokers. Firstly, tthey impact of cigarette smoking on lung theyalth is incredibly damaging, and believed to lead to more susceptibility to tthey COVID-19 virus and more severe symptoms. And secondly, it appears that smoking rates are on tthey rise, as a result of changing social dynamics, reports of vaping-related lung disease, and tthey banning of flavored vape products. Ttheyre has never been a more critical time for smokers to quit for good, and we believe cytisinicline can play an important role in theylping ttheym do so. Thank you again for joining us today. That concludes our prepared remarks, and we will now open tthey line for questions. Please open tthey line. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] First question is from tthey line of Michael Higgins of Ladenburg Thalmann. Your line is open. Michael Higgins Hi, guys. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Congratulations on tthey continued progress. We seem to be going along as planned theyre, despite tthey challenges of tthey year. Question for you as we look atheyad to SRHE confidence or SRHEE, that's being posted online ttheir year. How should we look for KOLs and ourselves to learn about prior results, given tthey online format conference? Are expecting a webinar specific to ttheyse results to be provided for tthey Q&A portion? How should we plan for ttheir? Thanks. Richard Stewart I'll have that one over to Cindy. Cindy Jacobs Well, we know tthey SRNT-E meeting will be virtual. So we expect that Vincent will be narrating theyr slides in detail for that presentation. I think we have discussed wtheyttheyr we would have a webinar afterwards. And it's interesting that you asked that question because that would be ttheyn something we could do afterwards within that month time period, very similar to what we did with tthey ORCA-1 results. Michael Higgins I see. So kind of an analyst day, post tthey SRNT-E presentation? Cindy Jacobs Yes. We'd have to work that in with Vincent's sctheydule as well. Obviously, it's a little bit more problematic wtheyn you're looking at tthey New Zealand. But yes, we've talked about how sadly some of us might have to be doing ttheir in tthey middle of tthey night. Michael Higgins All right, well, obviously, we're hoping for during tthey day for ourselves. Cindy Jacobs Yes, tthey East Coast definitely. I think West Coast people that will be in tthey middle of tthey night, my guess is. Michael Higgins Understood. I feel your pain. Any progress for us on tthey EVFA [ph] study that you can relate to us? Didn't theyar a lot on that in your prepared remarks, but obviously, that's something we're all following as well. Thanks. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from tthey line of John Vandermosten of Zacks. Your line is open. John Vandermosten Good afternoon, guys. And thanks for taking my questions. And also, congratulations on tthey capital raise. Great to see that almost $30 million balance you have ttheyre. And if I remember correctly, I think that it was allocated about $15 million for tthey ORCA-2, and ttheyn anottheyr $15 million for tthey second, if I if I'm remembering correctly. But can you just give me a sense of how much more capital you'll need to finish off both of tthey trials, given your current status on tthey cash side of things? Richard Stewart John, do you want to do that one? John Bencich Yes. Absolutely. Thanks for tthey question, John. And yes, your memory is correct. Tthey Phase 3 trial is approximately a $15 million study, which I think as we described on tthey call, having close to $27 million on tthey balance ttheyyet puts is in a great position to execute on that trial. And tthey second Phase 3 will be approximately tthey same capital requirements. John Vandermosten Okay, great. So, you're pretty close to having what you need to finish ttheir off. That's great news. Let's - so just an update on wtheyn we might see a generic competitor for Chantix. I think we might have discussed ttheir last time, and I think ttheyre was just a little uncertainty on how much tthey patent protection was providing for ttheym. What is tthey latest view on that in terms of a Chantix competitor or Chantix generic coming out? Richard Stewart Yes, I'll take that one. What we're looking at tthey moment is really tthey expiry of tthey more important patent looks like it's around about May, June of 2022. So we're not actually - plus ttheyre's going to be additional protection from a pediatric extension. So we're anticipating seeing some generic competition, probably early part of 2023. John Vandermosten Okay, got it. Thanks for that. That's great. That's great. And ttheyn you mentioned ttheir, Rick, just a little bit about changes in smoking behavior. I mean, has ttheyre been any observations of how that has changed as tthey Coronavirus has started? I mean, people have picked up a lot of different habits. I think people have been drinking more alcohol. But I don't know about trends for smoking. I know ttheyre's been a big theyalth trend as well. But have you seen any data out ttheyre on actual smoking and how that might have changed since March of ttheir year to present? Richard Stewart Well, it's really a shift from vaping back into cigarette smoking. We've all we've always maintained that in terms of risk reduction or harm reduction, vaping is around about 95% improvement versus cigarette smoking. But I think with some of tthey lockdown pressures that people have experienced, plus some of tthey issues and concerns around tthey lung disease associated with vaping, we've seen people who were attempting to quit move back towards cigarette smoking. So yes, ttheyre is data out ttheyre, which is supporting tthey idea that it's more in that area. I mean, ttheyre are 11 million vapors right now. Roughly half of those are youth. But it's tthey ottheyr half who were perhaps more reformed smokers, who now seem to be moving at least back towards cigarette smoking. John Vandermosten Okay, interesting. Interesting shifts ttheyre. And last question on tthey on tthey vaping study that you guys were working on. Any progress ttheyre? And any closer to getting that grant money for tthey study in that area? Richard Stewart Yes, I mean, it's a highly competitive process. And frankly, we didn't make tthey cuts as far as tthey NIH is concerned. But we continue to believe that a vaping study will add substantial value, and we're seeking alternative funding sources. So it's an area that we're significantly interested in. Our KOLs are interested in pursuing that. But our capital is focused on tthey Phase 3 clinical trials. So we're looking at alternative sources of grant funding for that vaping study. John Vandermosten Okay, great. Thank you. I'll get back in queue. Operator I am showing no furttheyr questions. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference back to Mr. Rick Stewart, CEO of Achieve. Richard Stewart Well, thank you again for joining tthey call and your continuing interest in supporting Achieve. And we look forward to talking to you again with our third quarter results. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.