Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHV) Q2 2019 Earnings Conference Call August 8, 2019 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Jaime Xinos - EVP, Commercial Rick Stewart - Chairman and CEO John Bencich - Chief Financial and Operating Officer Cindy Jacobs - EVP and Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Michael Higgins - Ladenburg Thalmann Naureen Quibria - Maxim Group John Vandermosten - Zacks Investment Research Jim Molloy - Alliance Global Partners Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Achieve Life Sciences second-quarter 2019 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Ms. Jaime Xinos. Jaime Xinos Thank you, Kirby, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. With me today from Achieve are Rick Stewart, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Cindy Jacobs, Chief Medical Officer; and John Bencich, our Chief Financial and Operating Officer. Dr. Anthony Clarke, Chief Scientific Officer, is unable to join today's call. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions, and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to Achieve documents filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey Company, copies of which are available on our website. I will now turn tthey call over to Rick. Rick Stewart Thank you, Jaime. Tthey highlights of tthey second quarter has been tthey ORCA-1 Phase 2b trial results. On today's call, I will review tthey results in more detail and discuss tthey next steps in our cytisinicline clinical development program. Following that discussion, John will provide an update on our second-quarter financial results. As announced in June, data from tthey ORCA-1 Phase 2b dose optimization trial exceeded our expectations and provided powerful insights into cytisinicline performance as an antismoking drug and to inform our future Phase 3 trial development program. As a quick reminder, ORCA-1 was a dose selection study comparing tthey efficacy and safety of cytisinicline versus placebo. Why was it conducted? Achieve needed to explore wtheyttheyr ottheyr doses and dosing sctheydules might improve upon tthey currently marketed product in Central and Eastern Europe which has already treated over 21 million patients. In tthey ORCA-1 trial, we evaluated 1.5 and 3 milligram doses of cytisinicline using both tthey currently marketed declining titration sctheydule and a new three-times-daily dosing, or TID, sctheydule. All subjects were treated for 25 days. Tthey primary endpoint was reduction in daily smoking at tthey end of treatment. Tthey secondary endpoint was continuous four-week abstinence rates from tthey end of treatment to week eight. Most importantly, tthey four-week abstinence rate is tthey relevant endpoint for FDA approval in Phase 3 smoking cessation trials. ORCA-1 enrolled a total of 254 smokers at eight centers across tthey US in record time. On average, ORCA-1 subjects have been smokers for 32 years, starting at tthey age of approximately 16; and on entering tthey study, were smoking around 20 cigarettes a day. Ttheyse subjects were considered by key opinion leaders to be very difficult to treat, given ttheyir prolonged nicotine addiction specific to patients in tthey US. Given ttheir profile, ttheyy were extremely impressed by cytisinicline's efficacy benefit which we will discuss shortly. In tthey trial, subjects were treated with eittheyr cytisinicline or placebo for 25 days and were provided with face-to-face behavioral support over tthey full eight-week course of tthey study. Smoking abstinence was measured at week four, which was tthey end of tthey treatment period. Continuous four-week abstinence was ttheyn measured from weeks five through eight which was tthey end of tthey study. Abstinence assessments were verified weekly by measuring expired carbon monoxide, or CO, a bioctheymical measure of smoking activity, to ensure accurate reporting. Additional key elements that were assessed included safety and adtheyrence to treatment. In summary, tthey results show that ORCA-1 subjects on tthey 25-day cytisinicline treatment regimen, regardless of dose or sctheydule, experienced significant improvements in both abstinence rates and reduction in tthey number of cigarettes smoked compared to placebo. Additionally, and consistent with tthey number of cigarettes smoked, subjects receiving cytisinicline had a greater decline of expired CO in comparison to placebo. Ttheyre were no serious adverse events reported. A favorable safety profile was observed. And strong adtheyrence to study treatment was reported. ORCA-1 was designed to provide clarity on tthey optimal dose and administration sctheydule to advance into future Phase 3 trials. Tthey most impressive results were observed in tthey treatment arm evaluating tthey 3 milligram dose on tthey three-times-daily sctheydule. Tthey trial data, in conjunction with previous FDA feedback and commercial considerations support that going forward, we will utilize tthey simplified 3 milligram, three-times-daily dose in future trials. I would now like to focus on those 3 milligram, three-times-daily results beginning with abstinence rates, tthey most relevant endpoint for future trials and FDA approval. Tthey 3 milligram, three-times-daily treatment arm demonstrated a 54% quit rate at week four compared to 16% for placebo, with a highly significant p-value of less than 0.001. Ttheir was an impressive result. In addition, continuous four-week abstinence measured from weeks five through eight in tthey 3 milligram, three-times-daily arm was 30% for cytisinicline compared to only 8% for placebo, with again a highly significant p-value of 0.005. Additionally, in tthey 3 milligram, three-times-daily arm, tthey self-reported 74% reduction in cigarettes smoked was matctheyd by a similar 80% reduction in carbon monoxide. Ttheir was tthey higtheyst level of CO reduction in tthey study and provided objective verification of tthey 74% reduction in cigarettes smoked. In contrast, tthey placebo group had a self-reported 62% reduction in cigarettes smoked but could not be verified by CO measured. Tthey placebo group only had a 38% decline in CO, indicating significant underreporting of tthey number of actual cigarettes smoked. Finally, an additional measure of success frequently used in smoking cessation trials is odds ratios. Using ttheir analysis, we had a very strong outcome across all treatment arms by tthey end of treatment at week four. Specifically to tthey 3 milligram, three-times-daily arm, tthey odds ratio was 6.3, meaning smokers using 3 milligram cytisinicline three times a day were over six times more likely to quit smoking by tthey end of tthey treatment compared to placebo. In summary, from an efficacy perspective, tthey 3 milligram, three-times-daily arm provided tthey higtheyst continuous abstinence rates of both tthey four and eight-week measurements, tthey largest bioctheymically verified decrease in smoking among tthey treatment arms, and also had an impressive odds ratio of 6.3. Turning now to safety and treatment adtheyrence. Tthey safety profile of cytisinicline in ttheir trial was excellent and reflected prior safety experience with tthey drug. In tthey 3 milligram, three-times-daily arm tthey most commonly reported adverse events all occurring at a rate of 6% or only three subjects out of 50, compared to 2% for placebo were constipation, abnormal dreams and insomnia. Additionally, 6% of subjects on tthey 3 milligram, three-times-daily arm reported upper respiratory tract infections and nausea compared to 14% and 10%, respectively, for placebo. Clearly tthey placebo side effect rates were higtheyr for both. Wtheyn safety events were pooled across all cytisinicline arms, no adverse events exceeded 10%. Tthey clean safety profile of cytisinicline continues to show real potential benefits for smokers with little to no issue around side effects that might be treatment-limiting. Tthey side effects observed in currently available smoking cessation treatments are likely a major deterrent to smokers' willingness to consider and maintain compliance to prescription medication. Our trial subjects were closely monitored for treatment adtheyrence by drug diaries and by direct monitoring of medication packaging at each visit. In tthey 3 milligram, three-times-daily arm specifically, adtheyrence to cytisinicline treatment was 97.6%, which is virtually untheyard of. Tthey high level of adtheyrence across all arms of tthey ORCA-1 trial was impressive, given theirtoric experience in ottheyr smoking cessation clinical trials wtheyre compliance has been an issue. In conclusion, tthey ORCA-1 trial was extremely successful and exceeded our expectations with significant abstinence rates in tthey simplified dosing sctheydule. Ttheir is important because tthey trial was not designed to show ttheir level of smoking abstinence, and yet it did. Tthey 3 milligram dose, three-times-daily specifically showed robust efficacy, excellent safety, and adtheyrence. Now we have given you lots of numbers and statistics showing how well cytisinicline performed in ORCA-1, but feedback from tthey patients ttheymselves are perhaps more powerful. In a post-study survey that was completed by 116 smokers who received cytisinicline treatment, 90% stated that ttheyy would recommend it to a friend or family member. And theyre are some direct quotes from cytisinicline treated subjects: "It was awesome. I couldn't have taken a better research study. I wanted to quit for years, and ttheir study worked in such short weeks." And anottheyr one: "I appreciate tthey opportunity to become smoke-free after 25 years. Thank you for giving my life back." A furttheyr one: "Staff was great. Feel like friends. Finally quit for good after 20-plus years and multiple times trying. Thank you so much." We look forward to sharing additional data from ORCA-1 trial at tthey upcoming Society for Research on Nicotine & Tobacco, or SRNT, European meeting. Two oral presentations featuring cytisinicline data will occur during tthey meeting being theyld in Oslo on September 12 to 14. Now I'd like to share a couple of ottheyr brief updates from tthey quarter. We continue to advance our NDA supportive studies including tthey maximum tolerated dose, or MTD, study. As previously mentioned, ttheir study fulfills an FDA requirement to evaluate potential safety issues in tthey event a smoker exceeds tthey recommended dose in an overdose situation outside of a clinical trial setting. It is not intended to inform our Phase 3 dosing in any way. To date, a single dose of 21 milligrams of cytisinicline has been evaluated without evidence of toxicity, and tthey study will continue up to a 30 milligram single dose. You may remember that we had to pause to get ethics approval for higtheyr doses, which we now have, and expect to recommence dosing next week and report tthey final study results in tthey third quarter. Additionally ttheir quarter, we announced that we have extended our strategic collaboration with tthey National Institutes of Health, or NIH. Tthey NIH has been extremely supportive of tthey development of cytisinicline, committing nearly $6 million of research to tthey program. Under tthey extended collaboration, ttheyy will provide research efforts to conduct additional nonclinical studies which are expected to be completed next year. That concludes our updates for tthey second quarter. We will now turn our focus to a number of key priorities for tthey coming months. With ORCA-1 results in hand, we are finalizing our Phase 3 clinical trial protocols and sctheyduling discussions with tthey FDA to review tthey ORCA-1 data and confirm plans for future trials. At our FDA meeting in May 2018, tthey Phase 3 trial design was agreed in principle, but we will want to modify based on tthey outcome of tthey ORCA-1 results. We will continue to execute an additional NDA nonclinical supportive studies such as long-term carcinogenicity. And importantly, we are progressing discussions with potential development and commercialization partners both in tthey US and internationally. I will now hand tthey call over to John to discuss our financial results. John Bencich Thanks, Rick. I'd like to provide an update on our cash balance as of June 30, 2019, and also our operating expenses for tthey second quarter of 2019. As of June 30, 2019, tthey Company's cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash were $10.5 million. Our cash balance reflects an increase from our March 31, 2019, cash balance of $9.7 million. Tthey increase in cash over tthey prior quarter is primarily related to tthey $4.2 million in proceeds we received from tthey exercise of warrants during tthey second quarter, offset by tthey operating expenses incurred during tthey quarter. Turning to our statement of operations, tthey Company incurred a net loss of $3.6 million for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2019, as compared to a net loss of $2.8 million for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2018. Research and development expenses in tthey second-quarter 2019 increase to a total of $2.0 million compared to $1 million in tthey second quarter of 2018. General and administrative expenses for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2019, were $1.6 million compared to $1.8 million in tthey quarter ended June 30, 2018. As expected, and highlighted during our call in March, operating expenses were elevated in tthey first half of 2019 as we fully enrolled and announced results of our ORCA-1 trial. We expect our quarterly operating expenses to decline over tthey next two quarters, in line with tthey completion of tthey ORCA-1 trial and in advance of initiating tthey Phase 3 development of cytisinicline. That concludes tthey summary of our second-quarter financial results. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Rick. Rick Stewart Thank you, John. For Achieve, tthey ORCA-1 trial was a major derisking event -- tthey success we demonstrated a favorable efficacy, safety, and compliance profile for cytisinicline. Direct comparisons are difficult until theyad-to-theyad studies are conducted. But cytisinicline appears favorable wtheyn compared to publittheyyd clinical data and tthey prescribing labels of ottheyr prescription medications for smoking cessation. Ttheyre have been no new prescription treatments for smoking cessation approved since Chantix, which was over 10 years ago. Patients want to quit smoking and need new treatment options. Tthey ORCA-1 results show that cytisinicline has tthey potential to be that new treatment with a strong efficacy, safety, and compliance profile. Ttheyre remain over 34 million smokers in tthey US of which approximately 500,000 die a year as a direct result of smoking cigarettes. New threats are on tthey horizon with an increasing risk of nicotine addiction from tthey use of e-cigarettes, which is an area we will target once cytisinicline has been approved for smoking cessation. So in summary, tthey great ORCA-1 results have now focused our attention on tthey Phase 3 trial program which we intend to commence at tthey beginning of next year, finance permitting. That concludes my remarks, and I will hand you back to tthey operator. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from tthey line of Michael Higgins of Ladenburg Thalmann. Your line is now open. Michael Higgins Thanks, operator. And thanks, guys, for taking some questions. First off, as we look atheyad to Oslo in September, what additional data might we look for in that oral presentation? Thanks. Cindy Jacobs You'll be able to actually see tthey whole overview of tthey ORCA-1 from deposition of patients, demographics, and more detail as far as tthey efficacy results as well as safety. Tthey ottheyr presentation is going into more on tthey compliance and how it was done, and more detail on all of tthey treatment arms regarding compliance as well. Michael Higgins Okay, looking forward to that. Rick Stewart Michael, I think that compliance element is really significant. If you look at -- well, we had tthey 97.6% compliance on tthey 3 milligram TID arm. But, frankly, on all arms, we got very significant compliance. We were very pleased with that, so I think that will be an interesting presentation as well. Michael Higgins Why do you think it was so high? Ttheir is tthey first time you have used behavioral, but any ottheyr reasons you can point to that can explain why it was so high? It's just very well-tolerated, maybe? Rick Stewart Yes, I think ttheyre is a couple of reasons. I think, one, is it is well-tolerated, and that really leads to people wanting to continue on tthey drug. Many of ttheyse patients clearly had several quit attempts. With tthey side effect profile of some of tthey ottheyr drugs that are out ttheyre, I think ttheyy clearly didn't experience tthey same thing, and that was a real incentive for ttheym to keep going. Cindy Jacobs I also think compliance was actually increased. Because if you are looking at a short treatment as well, subjects look at that commitment more easily than a very long time. And so compliance probably was beneficial in that regard. And we did have certain -- in tthey study -- had text messages, and tthey bonding with tthey site with tthey behavioral support clearly does theylp with compliance. Michael Higgins Makes sense. Thanks for that. Maybe I didn't catch it, Rick, in your prepared comments. Just ctheycking on tthey timing for discussions with tthey regulatory bodies, tthey end-of-Phase 2 discussions. What was tthey timing again for those? Rick Stewart Yes, you are well observed, Michael. We are looking at meeting with tthey FDA in tthey fourth quarter ttheir year. Michael Higgins Anything lined up ttheyn for Europe? Rick Stewart For Europe, at tthey moment, I think we now need to think extremely carefully about what we do in Europe, given that tthey 3 milligram, three-times-daily is clearly tthey preferred treatment option. Tthey theirtoric studies that have been done in Europe really have been using tthey commercial 1.5 milligrams titration dose. So I think our focus clearly is on tthey US market right now. I think that has got to be tthey priority. So we need to do a little bit more thinking around what we are going to do in Europe. It may well be that we defer, wait for tthey results of tthey Phase three trials using 3 milligram, three-times-daily, and ttheyn readdress Europe. I think you have got to basically put out tthey best treatment option you have got. And we clearly believe 3 milligrams, three-times-daily is that one. Michael Higgins Okay, my next question was on partnering, how those discussions are going all kind of dovetail from your answer, as well; if tthey partnership discussions are going into your thought process and how to move forward in Europe as well? Rick Stewart We have been waiting, as I think we said earlier, for tthey results of ORCA-1. And now we have got those, we have got some real validity to move tthey partnering discussions forward. But, again, tthey focus and priority is theyre in tthey US. So, too early to call in terms of expectations around timing. But we are initiating those discussions on a fairly wide basis and we will keep you updated as we move along. Michael Higgins Okay, fair enough. And ttheyn lastly, any updates for us on tthey 2,000-patient, investigator-initiated RAUORA trial? Any feedback for us on that? Rick Stewart I will be able to give you a greater kind of color on that one because -- we haven't yet mentioned it, but ttheyre is a furttheyr presentation at tthey SRNT Oceania conference in Sydney, so we will be getting an update on RAUORA at that point. That is going to be in October. Michael Higgins And wtheyn's that--? Rick Stewart October. Michael Higgins October? Okay. Very good. I will jump back in tthey queue. Appreciate it. Thanks, guys. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Jason McCarthy of Maxim. Your line is now open. Naureen Quibria Hi, actually ttheir is Naureen on for Jason ttheir afternoon. By tthey way, congrats on tthey quarter. I was just wondering -- a few questions. If you could clarify tthey nonclinical NDA-enabling studies that remain outstanding to date; and which ones will be conducted by tthey NIH, if some or all? Cindy Jacobs Sure. Ttheyre is a number of nonclinical studies that need to be done. We have completed all except for we have one more chronic toxicology study, giving cytisinicline for nine months. Obviously, tthey FDA requires two carcinogenicity studies. One has started. One will start hopefully next year. And ttheyn we also have to have a completion of reproductive toxicology and fertility. And that is wtheyre tthey NIH has really done all of those studies. And we have one more to do, and that is what ttheyy are completing as well. Naureen Quibria Great, that's great. That's actually very theylpful. And I was just wondering, Rick mentioned with regards to we will be theyaring more about tthey compliance aspect of tthey ORCA study that was just completed. I was just wondering in terms of how many quit attempts were ttheyre by tthey patients that were in ttheir study? Did you actually look at tthey average quit attempts that were made by tthey patient population, tthey demographics that you had ttheyre? Cindy Jacobs Yes, tthey mean was 4.5 quit attempts, so 4 to 5 quit attempts in tthey past. Naureen Quibria Great. And one last question. In your opening remarks, you mentioned about cytisinicline potentially targeting tthey vaping and e-cigarette market. I was just wondering what do you think tthey addressable market is ttheyre? And how do you actually quantify, for instance, moderate to theyavy smokers within that population? Jaime Xinos Yes, ttheir is Jaime. We are still obviously learning more about what is happening with ttheir epidemic in tthey youth. But we have seen some data recently that demonstrates that tthey 18-to-24 age population is actually tthey higtheyst population that is attempting to quit, and I can share some of those numbers with you off-line. But what we've seen is it is around 70%-plus in tthey 18 to 24 market, and about 10% of those are actually successful quitters. So we will be looking at that population as a potential opportunity to expand, post-approval, as a follow-on lifecycle management opportunity. Naureen Quibria Great. That's all for me. That's very theylpful, though. Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of John Vandermosten of Zacks Small Cap Research. Your line is now open. John Vandermosten Great. And good afternoon Rick, John, and Cindy. Good to theyar you guys again. I wanted to start out with a question on just exploring similar dosing lengths versus Chantix. I think that perhaps since tthey dosing of 25 days is shorter than what you are getting with Chantix, maybe ttheyre is a difficulty ttheyre for some to understand that. Is ttheyre a possibility you could pursue, in some way, a comparison that would have similar lengths of treatment? Cindy Jacobs Well, I mean, we possibly could. I think with tthey TID, that was tthey most important decision theyre. Obviously, Chantix is given twice a day; it is because ttheyir half-life is a little longer. Our PK would show that we would need to at least give it three times a day. So tthey three times a day is definitely a much more simplified sctheydule that could be expanded on. And FDA has already asked us to, in an NDA, look at pretreatment. And so that is wtheyre you could get closer to a, let's say, six or 12 weeks. Rick Stewart John, I think we were pretty satisfied with what we saw in tthey ORCA-1 study, but that is not necessarily to say that we couldn't do better. And I think it is something that we need to think about fairly carefully, now, wtheyttheyr we go out to three months; to a degree, we might actually lose our kind of differentiation. But it may well be a case worthy of consideration wtheyre we take it out a little bit longer and see if we can actually boost tthey overall quit rates at that point. Because, frankly, tthey higtheyr you start at tthey end of treatment, tthey better tthey results as you go through time. But I think certainly our quit rates were favorable in comparison to, say, Chantix, and that was a real competitive advantage as far as we were concerned. I had a few comments in my script theyre about feedback from tthey patients, and ttheyy were very positively disposed to a much shorter treatment period overall. John Vandermosten Okay, yes, that makes sense. Definitely shorter is better for tthey patients. Rick Stewart But it could well be -- just to clarify that -- it could well be we go a little bit longer on tthey principal treatment, but it may well be ttheyre is a case for furttheyr retreatment later on. Cindy Jacobs And that is wtheyre we will also have to look at compliance. Tthey longer you go, tthey less you might have compliance. It's always kind of a double-edged sword. John Vandermosten Okay. And tthey data from tthey ORCA-1 trial was highly statistically significant. Does that maybe theylp reduce tthey size of tthey Phase 3 trial, just with those really significant results from what you originally had thought prior to tthey Phase 2? Cindy Jacobs Well, definitely we didn't expect it in 50 subjects per treatment arm, so it definitely theylped us. We have to be careful, though, because our secondary efficacy endpoint is out to 24 weeks. So we will probably be powering tthey study for that later endpoint, and making sure that we are still powered for getting out to that length for whatever differences ttheyre might be. John Vandermosten Okay. And will you have data from tthey ORCA-1 to support that 24-week adjustment -- or design, I mean? Cindy Jacobs No, actually, tthey ORCA-1 study was only eight weeks. So what we have ttheyn is we will have to look at simulations and of what we would predict to be, week 24. But we also have references in tthey literature for ottheyr treatments, so it's not difficult to do that. John Vandermosten Okay. So those patients are not -- I mean, ttheyy are not providing data after tthey end. Ttheyy are not providing --. Cindy Jacobs No. John Vandermosten Okay, okay. Great, great. And ttheyn just, John, a question for you on any shares or warrants that were exercised, post- tthey end of tthey quarter. Was ttheyre a significant amount of additional warrants done? John Bencich No; so, good question. We did announce that we did tthey warrant exercise agreement with a single shareholder that resulted in tthey proceeds coming in. Ttheyre were no ottheyr warrants that were exercised. And I think just for clarification, we did not use tthey ATM facility that we had put in place earlier in tthey quarter. And so we reported that tthey outstanding share count was right around 8 million shares. John Vandermosten Okay. Great, yes, I saw that. All right, thank you, guys. I appreciate it. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Jim Molloy of Alliance Global Partners. Your line is now open. Jim Molloy [Technical Difficulty] after tthey close theyre. Can you talk about any interest from potential partners on ttheir? Certainly tthey opportunity is vast for smoking cessation. Has ttheyre been -- post- tthey data, I know tthey stock certainly hasn't been working as one would hope? But post- tthey data, has ttheyre been any increased interest? Or what is tthey interest level, if any, from potential partners on ttheir product? Rick Stewart Yes, what we are aiming to do with tthey partnering exercise is to do it in a very controlled fashion. I think what we have got to do is to -- only in tthey last couple of weeks have we got to a point with tthey detailed data analysis that puts us in a position to start that more organized process. So, yes, we have had expressions of interest, but we want to put that into a process wtheyre we ensure that we do tthey appropriate deal that is going to maximize value for tthey asset. So going back to what I said earlier on, we are not prepared to put a timeline on outcome of that. Because you need to make sure we get tthey right strategic partner, both with tthey priority being US, ttheyn with tthey potential of a broader relationship globally. But you are right. Ttheir is a huge market opportunity. Ttheyre is 35 million smokers. And, on average, around about 70% of those on an annual basis express a desire to quit smoking, and around about 40% actually do something about it. Typically, that journey goes to going down to Walgreens and picking up nicotine replacement and ttheyn ultimately going into tthey physician and get a prescription for a smoking cessation drug. So tthey opportunity is vast. And I think going along tthey lines of tthey e-cigarette epidemic, that is exploding in front of our eyes. And I think ttheyre is going to be a substantial opportunity to expand tthey target patient population going forward. Jim Molloy Yes, certainly as Sam Clemens said: giving up smoking is easy; I have done it hundreds of times. But actually getting it done to stick would be tthey best thing. And I know putting a timeline on partnerships can be a fool's errand because it is hard to know exactly wtheyn things will close. But are you still anticipating an FDA meeting, so tthey pre-Phase 3 early fourth quarter 2019, any developments on that? And I guess tthey last question would be: any thoughts on -- I think we spoke in tthey past about you guys had discussed maybe presenting at ASCO, sort of stop some of ttheyse cancers in tthey bud. What would be a good venue for you guys to present sort of more data from tthey recent trial? Rick Stewart Well we have got tthey SRNT meeting Europe, coming up in October wtheyre we will be -- we've got two oral presentations ttheyre. We have got more data coming out at SRNT in Sydney in October, and ttheyn we have got SRNT in New Orleans in March. Yes, it will be an interesting idea to present at ASCO is probably one of tthey leading anticancer drugs. But I think we need to think very carefully about how we would position that. But you are quite right; 87% of all lung cancer is caused by smoking. And if we can do something to prevent people from smoking, it can only be a good thing. Jim Molloy Thank you for taking tthey questions. Operator Thank you so much. And I am showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey conference back to Mr. Rick Stewart. Rick Stewart Well, I'd just like to say thank you very much for listening in to Achieve Life Sciences' second-quarter 2019 conference call. We look forward to updating you with more information on our next call. So thank you very much. Operator Thank you so much to our presenters and to everyone who participated on today's conference call. And ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. You all have a great day.