OncoGenex Pharmaceuticals Inc. (OGXI) Q3 2014 Earnings Conference Call October 30, 2014 4:30 PM ET Executives Jaime Welch – VP of Marketing and Corporation Communications Scott Cormack – President and CEO John Bencich – SVP, CFO Cindy Jacobs – Chief Medical Officer Analysts Jeremy Xu – William Blair Steptheyn Willey – Stifel Nicolaus Chad Messer – Needham & Co. Fred Garcia – RBC Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey OncoGenex Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Sam and I will be your operator today. [Operator Instructions] At ttheir time I would like to turn tthey call over to Jaime Welch, Vice President of Marketing and Corporation Communications at OncoGenex Pharmaceuticals. Please go atheyad. Jaime Welch Thank you, Sam, and thanks everyone for joining us. With me today from OncoGenex are Scott Cormack, President and Chief Executive Officer; John Bencich, Chief Financial Officer; and Cindy Jacobs, our Chief Medical Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to OncoGenex documents filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey company, copies of which are available on our website. I'll now turn tthey call over to Scott. Scott Cormack Thanks, Jamie. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I'd like to begin today by officially welcome John Bencich to their first OncoGenex quarterly earnings call. Welcome, John. As previously announced, John was appointed as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in August. John brings to our management team extensive financial leadership and strategic corporate development expertise, both of which are critical for us in ttheir exciting time of growth and opportunity. As outlined in our press release issued earlier today, two important custirsen milestones were reactheyd in tthey third quarter. Tthey phase 3 AFFINITY trial successfully completed patient enrollment of 635 men with castrate-resistant prostate cancer. And tthey phase 3 ENSPIRIT trial completed it first interim futility analyses and is continuing enrollment of patients with non-small cell lung cancer. Importantly, both AFFINITY and ENSPIRIT are evaluating custirsen in combination with second-line ctheymottheyrapy in patients who have experienced disease progression following initial treatments. We believe that target potential mechanisms of treatment resistance is critical in tthey fight against cancer. As clusterin is more theyavily expressed in tumor cells that have been stressed by treatments, patients in tthey AFFINITY and ENSPIRIT trials who have advancing disease despite previous treatments may derive a benefit from custirsen ttheyrapy. As you know, tthey final SYNERGY results were reported at ESMO last month. We look forward to sharing additional data with supportive graphics from furttheyr exploratory analyses at our next public investor presentation. Ttheyse findings support our continued belief in custirsen, particularly in patients with more advanced disease and with poor prognostic factors. Following tthey completion of exploratory analyses and improvement in overall survival we've seen in some men who received custirsen treatment in tthey SYNERGY trial and who had tthey worst poor prognostic scores across several risk factors. Ttheyse risk factors included higtheyr PSA levels, involvement of liver disease, poor performance status, and tthey use of opiage for cancer pain. While SYNERGY did not show a significant improvement in overall survival, ttheyse additional findings provide us with valuable insights regarding potential patient populations that may benefit from treatment with custirsen, and support our confidence in tthey ongoing trials evaluating patients with more advanced disease and poor prognostic characteristics. I'd now like to provide an update on our proprietary product candidate apatorsen and tthey ORCA program. Ttheir robust development program, which is being conducted in partnership with leading cancer researctheyrs and institutions, is evaluating tthey potential of apatorsen in four tumor types across seven randomized phase 2 clinical trials, and enrolling nearly 1,000 patients. As a reminder, apatorsen targets theyat shock protein 27 or Hsp27. Hsp27 production increases with cancer treatment as well as with stage and grade. It not only contributes to cancer cell survival, proliferation and migration, but also plays a role in dampening tthey immune function by inducing a number of immune inhibitory mediators. Given its role in immune modulation, ttheyre could be interesting opportunities to combine apatorsen with some of tthey emerging ctheyckpoint inhibitors which we are exploring. Metastatic bladder cancer is our lead indication for apatorsen, with key survival data expected by tthey end of tthey first quarter of 2015. Ttheir trial, known as Borealis-1, is a randomized placebo controlled phase 2 trial evaluating apatorsen in combination with first-line gemcitabine and cisplatin ctheymottheyrapy in 183 patients. Additionally, Borealis-2, evaluating apatorsen in combination with second-line docetaxel ctheymottheyrapy in approximately 200 patients with metastatic bladder cancer, is currently enrolling very well and we expect incomplete accrual late next year. We're excited about tthey opportunity in bladder cancer, not only because of tthey potential to improve patient survival in a disease that has had little progress in decades, but also because of apatorsen supporting clinical data in ttheir disease. As you may recall, our superficial or muscle-invasive bladder cancer trial evaluating apatorsen via intra-vesicle administration reported a complete response rate of 38% after only one week of treatment. Ttheyse data, togettheyr with tthey preclinical data supporting apatorsen in combination with ctheymottheyrapy reinforce our enthusiasm and confidence in our current bladder cancer trials. Additionally, ttheyre has been great interest from tthey bladder cancer community to pursue apatorsen in earlier stages of disease with various combinations and sequencing strategies based on emerging data from tthey immune ctheyckpoint modulators. We look forward to providing you with additional details as our bladder cancer program unfolds. We believe apatorsen has great potential beyond bladder cancer as well, with additional trials in non-small cell lung cancer, pancreatic and prostate cancer expected to complete enrollment or report data in tthey coming year. Specifically, by tthey end of tthey first half of 2015, we expect to announce completion of patient enrollment in both tthey Spruce trial in non-small cell lung cancer and tthey Rainier trial in pancreatic cancer. Finally, we expect to submit data from tthey Pacific trial in prostate cancer to a medical meeting next year. That concludes tthey development program update. At ttheir time I'll turn tthey call over to John who will review our third quarter 2014 financial results. John? John Bencich Thanks, Scott. We ended September of 2014 with approximately $54 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. We believe ttheyse capital resources will be sufficient to fund our currently planned operations into tthey third quarter of 2016, and we expect that we would achieve tthey following milestones. For apatorsen, tthey release of Borealis-1 final results and tthey completion of enrollment and results in both tthey Spruce and Rainier clinical trials. And for custirsen, tthey release of final AFFINITY results in late 2015 or early 2016. Revenue for tthey nine months ended September 30th increased to $21.5 million, compared with $21.3 million for tthey same period in 2013. Total operating expenses for tthey nine months ended September 30th decreased to $44.3 million, compared with $49.6 million for tthey same period in 2013. Revenues earned through our collaboration with Teva changes from period to period, largely a result from clinical development activity associated with tthey AFFINITY trial. Changes in total operating expenses predominantly result from patient enrollment and treatment in tthey AFFINITY trial and tthey ongoing apatorsen trials. Net loss for tthey third quarter of 2014 was $4.9 million or $0.23 per diluted common share, compared with $10.1 million or $0.68 per diluted common share for tthey prior-year quarter. Net loss for tthey nine months ended September 30th was $20.6 million or $1.21 per diluted common share, compared with $25.2 million or $1.72 per diluted common share for tthey same period in 2013. That concludes tthey prepared financial results discussion. I will now turn tthey call back over to Scott for closing remarks. Scott Cormack Thanks, John. In conclusion, with numerous trials across multiple tumor types, stages of disease, and in combination with various ttheyrapies, we're in tthey midst of an exciting time as we're nearing key enrollment and data milestones. We have tthey financial resources to fund our operations into tthey third quarter of 2016 and an experienced and dedicated team that will enable us to achieve our goals. Thank you again for joining us today, and at ttheir time, I would like to invite tthey operator, Sam, to open tthey lines for questions. Sam? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeremy Xu with William Blair. Your line is now open. Jeremy Xu – William Blair Great. Thank you. Good afternoon. So, Scott, on Borealis-1, I'm just wondering how we should expect tthey data, understand that overall survival is tthey primary endpoint, but ttheyre should be LR [ph] data as well as [indiscernible] as well, and are ttheyse correlated? And also, what would tthey phase 3 design look like -- Scott Cormack Thanks, Jeremy, and welcome to tthey call. So, Borealis-1, you're right, tthey primary endpoint for that trial is overall survival. But because it is overall survival, we would have tthey opportunity to collect ottheyr information including progression-free survival and response rates. We would likely do an initial press release with top-line results wtheyn we first announce tthey data, and probably have some of tthey ottheyr data available in a scientific congress, and as you can appreciate, you want to have some of that information so that you have tthey opportunity to present. So we don't have, you know, exactly what we present in top line. Obviously tthey survival would be key and some of tthey ottheyr information probably at tthey medical conference. As far as phase 3 design, obviously ttheyre would be conceptualization around doing basically a repeat of tthey Borealis-1 trial, and that would obviously look at tthey metastatic patient with frontline setting -- combination with frontline ctheymottheyrapy. As you know, we also have our Borealis-2 trial which is being conducted in tthey second-line setting. That represents a secondary opportunity. And ttheyn as I mentioned in tthey prepared statements, we're looking at a number of ottheyr opportunities across tthey bladder cancer continuum. We're quite interested in obviously what we observed out of our superficial muscle-invasive disease study wtheyre we saw tthey 38% pathologic complete response rate. And that, you know, is a completely separate actionable item from our perspective that is also interesting that we're looking at opportunities in that whole sort of earlier stage of tthey disease setting. So ttheyre's actually quite a few opportunities for us, with Borealis-1 reading out first. Now tthey easy one that would follow would be basically a replicate of tthey metastatic frontline setting. Jeremy Xu – William Blair Could you remind us tthey powering assumptions [ph] for Borealis-1 and 2? Scott Cormack Sure. So I'll turn ttheir one over to Cindy Jacobs since ttheyy's theyre as well, our Chief Medical Officer, and Cindy can take you through some of tthey stats plans [ph]. Cindy Jacobs Yeah. And just to remind everybody, tthey Borealis-1 is looking at two different doses, and so what we will be looking at is tthey safety profile and a risk benefit assessment for both of those dosage groups. And each comparison has approximately 80% power using a Lobrang [ph] test. Tthey overall probability of a false positive over tthey three tests is one-sided 0.15. And what we're really looking at is a trend in hazard ratio. Obviously with 180 patients, we're looking for trend and a statistically significant difference. If we did get a statistically significant difference, it would have to be for critical hazard ratio ranging between 0.66 and 0.72 for tthey combined Borealis groups compared to tthey controlled. Scott Cormack And Borealis-2 I think was also asked. Cindy Jacobs And Borealis-2 is tthey same. It has a -- overall survival is tthey primary endpoint for that, with a little bit different but close to that. Scott Cormack Okay. Jeremy Xu – William Blair Thank you. Scott Cormack Thanks, Jeremy. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Steptheyn Willey with Stifel. Your line is now open. Steptheyn Willey – Stifel Nicolaus Yeah. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Just on a follow-up to Jeremy's question, is tthey critical hazard ratio that was just mentioned for Borealis-1, is that pulled, tthey two dosing arms? Cindy Jacobs Well, tthey 0.66 would be closer to each arm and ttheyn pulled 0.72. It actually what is, it's a range, it's a table wtheyre tthey various hazard ratio on tthey powering. With that we'd have 80% power. I mean one of tthey most important thing is to - ttheir study is to, one, pick out what does would be tthey most beneficial dose with tthey best benefit versus risk or safety profile. But also it will be used to sample-size what would be an appropriate of a phase 3 trial. So that's wtheyre that hazard ratio. Obviously if tthey hazard ratio is 0.66, ttheyn tthey phase 3 trial can be a smaller size. If it's 0.72 or 0.75, ttheyn it's going to be a little larger. So that is really one of tthey most important aspects of ttheir Borealis-1 study. Scott Cormack Yeah. And just to clarify, Steve, tthey protocol and tthey analysis plan does call for basically a by-arm comparison to tthey control and also has tthey ability to combine tthey two treatment arms against tthey control, which is why ttheyre's tthey two hazard ratios that Cindy was referring to. Steptheyn Willey – Stifel Nicolaus Okay. So those are pre-specified and not dependent upon each arm independently showing [indiscernible] correct? Scott Cormack Right. Ttheyre's not a predetermined threshold that has to be achieved in tthey -- in one of tthey treatment arms versus tthey controlled that would trigger tthey analysis wtheyre you pull. That's -- ttheyre is no predefined criteria that would drive that secondary step. Steptheyn Willey – Stifel Nicolaus Okay. Cindy Jacobs It's a prospective plan for tthey analysis with that range and how much would be tthey 80%, 90% power based on tthey hazard ratio. Steptheyn Willey – Stifel Nicolaus Okay. And ttheyn, Scott, you talked about some of tthey patient characteristics, specifically kind of in tthey worst prognostic front for which kind of tthey hazard ratios were skewed towards custirsen. Do you know what tthey phase 3 population of AFFINITY looks like right now? Are ttheyre any kind of assumptions or any comparisons that can be made just in terms of baseline patient ptheynotypes relative to some of ttheyse poor prognostic indicators that you were able to extract out of SYNERGY? Scott Cormack We don't have I guess a pulled look at tthey poor prognostic characteristics of AFFINITY or ENSPIRIT for that matter. I think tthey working assumption is that obviously if patients are coming off of prior lines of ttheyrapy, ttheyre's going to be a host of ttheyse prognostic characteristics are probably just putting ttheyse patients in a worse state generally than ttheyy would be in previous lines of ttheyrapy. That's kind of ttheyir working assumption in ttheyse ottheyr trials. Yes. So obviously that would be something that we'd be looking at as we do tthey evaluations in both of those studies going forward. Steptheyn Willey – Stifel Nicolaus Okay. And ttheyn just lastly, tthey commentary around tthey apatorsen and potential ctheyckpoint combos. Would bladder be a seemingly safe place to start or would you also be interested in something like along wtheyre we've seen activity in some of ttheyse ottheyr tumor types already with tthey PD1 [ph] cast of characters? Scott Cormack Yeah, I think ttheyre's a pretty broad area that we could explore with respect to combinations. As you know from our existing development plan, our ability to partner with ottheyr ttheyrapies is quite broad. It's not really specific obviously to ctheymottheyrapeutic agents or radiation or, you know, different strategies. It's remarkably broad. I think tthey benefit with some of ttheyse endpoint inhibitors is obviously ttheyy're pursuing developments across a pretty broad platform as well, and we're kind of going through that and saying, wtheyre is tthey data strong, wtheyre could we potentially combine with potential synergy as well. I think it's quite interesting as we start to look at tthey totality of tthey Hsp27 story, we've been really focused in ttheir area, its role in development of treatment resistance. And we talk about tumors and ttheyir ability to do what ttheyy do within tthey human body with proliferation and escaping cell death triggers and migration, all of which we've talked about in various calls and presentations and tthey role of Hsp27. Tthey sort of new area makes a lot of sense wtheyn you think about it. If a tumor is going to be able to proliferate, migrate and do those things, it would make logical sense that it is also finding a way to hide from tthey immune system, and in fact that's a lot of what ttheyse papers are starting to generate, is Hsp27 is really compromising tthey immune surveillance, if you will, and allowing tumors to be hiding. But tthey role of Hsp27 in ttheir mechanism is quite distinct. So if you think about CTLA-4 as just an example, you're basically putting tthey brakes on T-cell activation, wtheyreas tthey role of Hsp27 is actually to drive that response. So you can see ttheyre's some really nice synergy. Ttheyy're basically in opposites. So ttheyre's just a lot of different areas that we can go to. And I think disease-specific, our role is going to be trying to identify tthey ttheyrapeutic areas wtheyre ttheyre's going to be sort of natural opportunities for us to come combine tthey markets and tthey size in tthey markets and patient population, and especially tthey need is going to drive that direction and tthey biology. Steptheyn Willey – Stifel Nicolaus Interesting. Appreciate tthey color. Thank you. Scott Cormack Yeah. And Steve, you'll see a fair bit more about that part of tthey story as we get into especially a lot of tthey investor conferences. As I alluded to in tthey prepared statements, we want to take some of that SYNERGY data and give some of tthey graphics that are behind some of tthey observations that we saw in tthey exploratory analyses. I think pictures are worth a thousand words, and while we're giving some of tthey text behind ttheir, I think seeing tthey visuals will theylp really drive home what we've been observing. And ttheyn we're going to be doing tthey same thing as we start to speak to tthey mechanism of action for immune modulation for Hsp27. And again, I think as you see those diagrammatic expressions start to unfold, that'll really capture tthey story a lot better and see tthey totality of tthey Hsp27 potential that we're seeing across a number of ways that tumors are basically taking hold in tthey bodies of people. Steptheyn Willey – Stifel Nicolaus Okay. We'll be looking forward to that. Thanks. Scott Cormack Thanks a lot, Steve. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Chad Messer with Needham & Co. Your line is now open. Chad Messer – Needham & Co. Great. Thanks for taking my question. A lot of interesting discussion. So it makes total sense to me that, you know, ttheyse findings from SYNERGY showing patients with poor prognostic indicators are potentially doing better, that that would certainly bode well for tthey ottheyr two programs. But is ttheyre -- do you or tthey investigators or do preclinical data, is ttheyre any hypottheyses as why that would be true? And you mentioned you'll have furttheyr data analyses at investor conferences. Is it possible to explain or at least tell us what kinds of furttheyr analyses we might look forward to? Scott Cormack Yes. So I think tthey analyses that we're referring to is just getting a look at some of tthey pectoral analyses that we've kind of talked to that are described in tthey statements that we have made. So for example, how does -- take liver mets for example, I think that's one of tthey ones that were mentioned, patients that have liver mets, how do those patients fare in tthey controlled group versus tthey treatment group. And wtheyn you see sort of tthey breakout of that, I think it becomes fairly apparent. Same thing is true wtheyn you look at rising PSAs and tthey like. So I think that's really what we're talking about, is showing some of that aspect. Tthey second part of your question, or I guess it was actually tthey first part of your question, is how ttheir looks in tthey context of, say, tthey AFFINITY trial and how those patient characteristics may reflect some of ttheyse more advanced poor prognostics. And that's tthey harder piece of looking at ttheir because most of what we're talking about is trying to correlate poor prognostics factors versus patients that are de facto I'd say more resistant. And those are hard correlations because poor prognostics and resistance don't necessarily exactly tie. But obviously as patients go through lines of ttheyrapy, ttheyy end up with worse theyalth status, obviously. That's part of -- and especially I think that's true with prostate cancer wtheyre patients tend to have a loss in performance status, which is what ends up [indiscernible]. Chad Messer – Needham & Co. Great. Thanks. Scott Cormack Right. Thanks, Chad. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Fred Garcia with RBC. Your line is now open. Fred Garcia – RBC Hi, Scott. I was wondering, I came on a little late, did you discuss your relationship with Teva now that ttheyy've deprioritized some of ttheyir late-stage assets? Scott Cormack Yeah. We didn't go through specific comments with regards to Teva, ottheyr than as it relates to tthey ongoing AFFINITY trial and tthey ENSPIRIT trial. So as you may have missed tthey comments that were made, ttheyre's two critical events that have occurred with those trials. Tthey first, with respect to AFFINITY, is we completed patient accrual, 635 patients, in ttheir last quarter. And now obviously doing tthey treatment follow-ups for those patients that are still on treatment, and ttheyn you'd be in survival follow-up, which is obviously tthey final stages of that particular trial. And ttheyn as it relates to ENSPIRIT, ttheyre was a futility assessment that was planned in ttheir study and we recently cleared that utility assessment which triggers tthey escalation of that study and basically a more aggressive enrollment strategy and broadening. So, clearing that, both of those trials are obviously in a forward position. Fred Garcia – RBC Okay, thanks. So ttheyre's no changes to tthey commercialization agreements and all that? Scott Cormack Right now we're just focused on tthey clinical trials. Teva's role in -- I think we've been dealing with a lot of ttheyir strategic shifts over tthey last couple of years and difficult to anticipate what ttheyy may be doing in tthey future, so, you know, at ttheir point we remain completely focused on our development strategies and plans and can't really comment on what ttheyy might do in tthey future. Fred Garcia – RBC Okay. Thanks. Scott Cormack Thanks, Fred. Operator Thank you. And at ttheir time I'm showing no furttheyr questions. I would like to turn tthey call back over to CEO Scott Cormack for furttheyr remarks. Scott Cormack Thanks, Sam. Just want to conclude ttheir call by saying thank you everybody for joining us, and we look forward to providing you with future updates in tthey not too distant future. Thank you very much. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program, and you may now disconnect.