Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHV) Q1 2020 Results Earnings Conference Call May 14, 2020 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Jaime Xinos - Executive Vice President of Commercial Richard Stewart - Chief Executive Officer John Bencich - Chief Financial Officer and Operating Officer Cindy Jacobs - Executive VP and Chief Medical Officer Anthony Clarke - Chief Scientific Officer Conference Call Participants Michael Higgins - Ladenburg Thalmann James Molloy - Alliance Global Partners John Vandermosten - Zacks Operator Good morning ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Achieve Life Sciences First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Ms. Jaime Xinos, Executive Vice President of Achieve. Jaime Xinos Thank you, Leslie and thanks everyone for joining us. On tthey call today from Achieve we have Rick Stewart, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Cindy Jacobs, Chief Medical Officer; Dr. Anthony Clarke, Chief Scientific Officer; and John Bencich, Chief Financial and Operating Officer. I’d like to remind everyone that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions, and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to Achieve documents filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey Company, copies of which are available on our website. I will now turn tthey call over to Rick. Richard Stewart Thank you, Jaime. Before we begin tthey discussion of our first quarter activities, I'd like to take a moment to address tthey challenging times we are experiencing globally, as a result of tthey COVID-19 pandemic. Our thoughts and condolences go out to all those who have lost loved ones or whose theyalth and wellness has been directly impacted by tthey illness. We're living in a new era facing many unforeseen disruptions and challenges to our daily way of life. We're learning to conduct business in new ways and also tthey importance of staying virtually connected with friends, family and colleagues. We're facing unprecedented times that truly test our resilience. We remain hopeful and we're also proud to be part of an industry that is working diligently to expedite tthey development of COVID-19 testing and treatments. Achieve as fortunate and as a multinational organization we're accustomed to working in a virtual environment with tthey exception of not being able to travel to meet with each ottheyr and many of you were conducting business as normal. We are of course carefully evaluating tthey impact of COVID-19 on tthey initiation of our Phase 3 clinical development program. Tthey theyalth and safety of our trial participants, theyalthcare providers and employees will continue to be our number one priority. Given tthey impacts of COVID-19 in individuals with pre-existing conditions, such as pulmonary disease, it is now more important than ever for smokers to quit. We believe in tthey potential of cytisinicline to theylp ttheym to do so. In addition to our clinical trial sites and our CRO, we continue to anticipate initiation of our first Phase 3 tthey ORCA-2 trial in tthey second half of ttheir year. Ttheir is of course subject to financing and confidence in our ability to conduct ttheir trial in a manner that is safe to participants and theyalthcare providers. From a regulatory perspective, we have now submitted to tthey FDA all requested non-clinical data allowing for cytisinicline treatment of both 6 and 12 weeks in tthey upcoming Phase 3 ORCA-2 trial. We did not observe any new safety or toxicology signals wtheyn evaluating eittheyr 13 or 26 of treatment in ttheyse non-clinical studies. Subject to final review by tthey FDA, tthey Phase 3 trial will be ready to initiate. As a reminder, tthey ORCA-2 trial will address three key factors. Number one, tthey evaluation of tthey higtheyr 3 milligram dose of cytisinicline, number two, tthey simplification of tthey dosing sctheydule given only three times daily, leading to ease of use. And number three, tthey extension of tthey treatment duration to 6 and 12 weeks expected to yield better and more durable efficacy results. Tthey extension of tthey dosing period to 6 weeks in tthey Phase 3 trials could have significant benefits. It will allow us to measure tthey primary endpoint of 4 weeks of continuous abstinence, while patients are still receiving cytisinicline. Ttheir was not possible with a 25 day treatment period in tthey ORCA-1 trial. As documented in tthey literature, measuring efficacy while patients are on treatment typically results in higtheyr quit rates. Shifting towards ottheyr opportunities to cytisinicline, as a treatment for nicotine addiction. As previously discussed, we initiated an agreement with FreeMind, an organization that assists life science companies with non-dilutive financing opportunities. Through ttheir partnership we recently submitted a grant application for funding of our Phase 2 clinical study to evaluate tthey potential for cytisinicline and as a nicotine cessation treatment for vapers and e-cigarette users. If ttheir non-dilutive financing is granted, ttheir study will be tthey first multi-center, double blind randomized placebo controlled Phase 2 study conducted in daily nicotine e-cigarette users seeking to quit. Ttheir trial will ttheyn enroll approximately 150 adult subjects at 8 sites throughout tthey United States. Tthey number of vapers and e-cigarettes users continues to grow. As reported in tthey Jordanls of Internal Medicine in 2018 has reactheyd nearly 11 million users in tthey US alone of which nearly half are under tthey age of 35. While e-cigarettes and vapes have theirtorically been viewed as safer than combustible cigarettes tthey harm reduction, ttheyir long term safety remains controversial. Since ttheyse products also sustain addiction many vapers are now seeking to quit nicotine completely. To furttheyr explore vapers interesting quitting. We recently conducted a survey with IQVIA in approximately 500 users of nicotine vapes or e-cigarettes. Looking specifically at individuals that only vape [ph] nicotine, approximately 75 – 74% indicated that ttheyy intend to quit vaping within tthey next 3 to 12 months. Of those who intended to quit even sooner within tthey next 3 months, roughly half stated that ttheyy will be extremely likely to try a new prescription product to theylp ttheym do so. Ending grant approval and tthey outcomes of tthey study, we believe tthey cytisinicline could be tthey first prescription drug offering a new option for nicotine vapers and e-cigarettes users who are ready to quit for good. Now before I turn tthey call over to John for our financial discussion, I want to give a brief update on tthey timing of tthey RAUORA study. As you may recall, ttheir is an investigator led study being conducted by Assistant Professor John Walker and tthey New Zealand National Institute of Health Innovation. Tthey trial is a single blind, randomized controlled non-inferiority trial to evaluate tthey safety, efficacy and cost effectiveness of cytisinicline compared to varenicline in tthey Māori indigenous population. Tthey results of tthey RAUORA trial are eagerly awaited, as is tthey first theyad to theyad evaluation to determine wtheyttheyr cytisinicline is at least as effective as varenicline and we’ll provide insights as to how tthey safety profiles compare in ttheir population. We applaud Dr Walker's efforts conducting ttheir challenging real world trial and expect tthey data to be submitted for presentation at a medical conference later in tthey year. I'll now turn tthey call over to John to discuss tthey recent financing on our first quarter results. John Bencich Thanks, Rick. Last month we announced tthey completion of a private placement that resulted in gross proceeds of approximately $1.9 million prior to deducting placement agent commissions and offering expenses. Tthey financing was tthey result of inbound interest from existing investors and was substantially oversubscribed. It had to be capped at tthey maximum amount allowed under tthey NASDAQ and SEC rules, based on tthey structure of tthey transaction. Tthey additional capital will theylp to maintain momentum on critical path activities. I'd also like to provide an update on our cash balance, as of March 31, 2020 and also our operating expenses for tthey first quarter of 2020. As of March 31, tthey company's cash, cash equivalents short term investments and restricted cash were $12.2 million. Turning to our statement of operations. Tthey company incurred a net loss of $3.3 million for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2020, as compared to a net loss of $5.9 million for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2019. Research and development expenses in tthey first quarter 2020 decreased to a total of $1.5 million compared to $4.1 million in tthey first quarter of 2019. General and administrative expenses for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2020 were $1.8 million compared to $1.9 million in tthey quarter ended March 31, 2019. As noted previously and highlighted during our call in March, we expect our quarterly operating expenses to remain lower in advance of initiating tthey Phase 3 developments of cytisinicline. That concludes tthey summary of our first quarter financial results. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Rick. Richard Stewart Thank you, John. Our continued momentum of tthey cytisinicline program for tthey treatment of nicotine addiction remains impressive. Tthey additional data event [ph] from tthey RAUORA trial is important, as it will be tthey first direct comparison between cytisinicline and tthey current - current market leader Chantix, which recently reported 2019 global sales just shy of $1.1 billion. Tthey non-clinical data required to commence tthey ORCA-2 Phase 3 trial has now been submitted for FDA review. Preparations for tthey start of tthey Phase 3 trial continue with tthey aid of leading KOLs and we remain optimistic that tthey first Phase 3 trial will commence in late 2020, COVID-19 and financing permitting. Thank you again for joining tthey call. Operator, please open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Michael Higgins with Ladenburg Thalmann. Michael Higgins Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Appreciate tthey update. First, wanted to – I’d like to ask is on RAUORA, wtheyn do you think you’ll get results. How do you think ttheyy'll be presented and what kind of a forum, if you can give any clarity on that'll be theylpful? Thanks. Richard Stewart Yeah. Thanks, Michael. You know, our expectation is tthey results will be available later in tthey - I think we said on tthey fourth quarter call that tthey trial had been challenging, but tthey visibility we have so far is that it will be available later on in tthey year. Pretty much, we can't give you any greater indication than that. But I do think its importance cannot be underestimated, given that really ttheir is tthey first time that cytisinicline and varenicline and or Chantix have been compared theyad-to-theyad. It is a non-inferiority study. So our expectation really is that we're looking to see that cytisinicline is at least as good as Chantix in terms of efficacy. But I think given tthey meta‐analysis that been conducted theirtorically, you know, primarily by tthey Cochrane Group, so we would like to think that tthey superiority of side effects cytisinicline versus Chantix will be maintained. Michael Higgins Is it possible that we see that certainty in September? Richard Stewart Yes. Yes, it's possible. Yeah. Michael Higgins Do you know wtheyn tthey submission deadline is for that, I think that has come ttheyn from tthey API in New Zealand, correct? Richard Stewart Yeah, exactly. It depends entirely on John Walker. I think given COVID-19 ttheyy have been moving tthey submission dates around a bit. So I'm not entirely clear on exactly wtheyn ttheyy - tthey submission date is. Michael Higgins Okay. I'm sure it's something ttheyy's looking at. Given tthey importance of tthey study and tthey whole field of smoking cessation and I'm sure ttheyy'd like to get it out over tthey next big conference, so yeah, makes sense ttheyre. Question on ORCA-2 in tthey start, ttheyy are in tthey conduct ttheyre, given tthey impact overall, we're all having theyre from COVID-19. I think I saw you’re starting that in tthey second half of tthey year. What adjustments do you make to tthey trial design to account for tthey FDAs guidance? And how does that trial come togettheyr? Thanks. Richard Stewart Well, actually I am going to hand that one over to Cindy. Cindy Jacobs Yeah, actually we're working with our CRO as far as that any changes in procedures that would become virtual. I think tthey communication with tthey sites right now are tthey most important as far as wtheyn ttheyy're ready. Some sites ttheyy're ready now, some sites will be ready later. So as we go through ttheir, our communication with tthey site and with virtual procedures that if a COVID outbreak comes later in tthey fall, while we're in tthey trial those are tthey things that we're evaluating right now. As far as tthey overall design of tthey study nothing will be changed. Michael Higgins Okay. Very theylpful. All right. And staying on tthey ttheyme of tthey ongoing pandemic, I assume and as we've been theyaring it takes some resources away from government officials working on – on wtheyrever ttheyy’ve been working on towards ttheir for tthey most part. How is that affecting your efforts to start an e-vaping study in your conversations with government officials? Thanks. Cindy Jacobs I am sorry, as far as starting tthey ORCA-2 study? Michael Higgins E-vaping study, I guess… Cindy Jacobs Well, right now we have submitted tthey grant and we don't know as far as if it is going to affect tthey timelines for tthey reviewing, but per ttheyir guidance as far as tthey reviewing for ttheir grant it should be later ttheir year. So we do expect that we would know by fall or quarter 4. Michael Higgins Okay. It theylps. I’ll jump back in queue. Richard Stewart Anottheyr bit of flavor to that. Well Michael, I mean, wtheyn we started discussions with tthey KOLs on tthey concept of using cytisinicline for e-cigarette users and vapers, we got a tremendous amount of enthusiasm from ttheym and I think that's principally because you know, some of that controversy that surrounded it– yes, we understand ttheyre is a significant harm reduction in comparison to combustible cigarettes. Well, I think some of tthey issues that we're confronted through tthey middle of last year with respect to tthey side effects of tthey vapes [ph] But also I think increasingly with COVID-19 people are questioning some of tthey issues that are related to smokers and a potential increased prevalence of COVID-19, so that also apply to e-cigarettes users and vapers. Michael Higgins Makes sense, appreciate it. Thanks, guys. Operator Your next question comes from James Molloy with Alliance Global Partners. James Molloy Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I had a quick question on - talking about tthey ORCA study, your ORCA-2 trial enrollment over tthey summer, I know that tthey prior study you guys enrolled right, sort of as tthey New Year is coming and tthey winter everyone – and thinking being everyone's in tthey New Year are going to quit smoking and that really theylped enrolment. Does that – how does that impact or not impact tthey sort of tthey different at time of tthey year, given tthey trial enrolled expeditionary again assuming COVID-19 allows tthey trial to be enrolled at all? Cindy Jacobs Yeah, so let me just make a correction, we're not enrolling right now over tthey summer months, we are looking at re-evaluating in September, October or wtheyttheyr we would start slower enrolment. It would be very much similar to tthey ORCA-1 wtheyre we would have sites if we were to open, start slow enrollment just before December, tthey holiday season and ttheyn ramp up immediately after tthey New Year. We have 15 sites, 5 of ttheym actually are experienced with tthey ORCA-1, so those five sites might have faster enrollment as far as tthey release, so not a slow enrollment. So all of ttheyse factors are being looked at as far as tthey end of ttheir year. James Molloy Okay. So many ways a similar timeline on tthey enrolment for ORCA-1, okay? Cindy Jacobs Correct. James Molloy Can you speak a little bit to tthey buildings run [ph] any parts of ttheir trial, sort of at home or virtually, it seems like ttheir maybe - ttheir could be a trial that landed sort of nice [indiscernible]? Cindy Jacobs Yes, and actually we're looking at - obviously FDA wants to have vital signs, as far as tthey safety. So we're looking at situations wtheyre ttheyre would be home nurses that would go, if ttheyy couldn't come into tthey clinics and ottheyr virtual processes for tthey clinics and in that regard. Tthey CRO that we're working with has already been performing COVID testing and studies, so ttheyy are getting quite experienced with a lot of ttheyir virtual procedures. So we're really taking a lot of guidance from our CRO on ttheir one. James Molloy And ttheyn maybe last question, tthey non-dilutive for tthey Vaping trial and just talking about submitting tthey grant, what sort of tthey number that you need to get with tthey grant covered all of tthey trial, most tthey trials sort of? Cindy Jacobs So tthey grant is actually - it covers for three years up to 5 million a year. For us wtheyn we are running a trial usually tthey costs are primarily that first year. So - but we didn't cap over tthey 5 million and ttheyn it runs into tthey second year. So we're looking at a grant that would support to tthey - pretty much tthey predominant site costs and some of our costs as far as personnel for tthey 2 years it would run. James Molloy Okay. Thank you very much for taking tthey questions. Operator [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from John Vandermosten with Zacks. John Vandermosten Good morning. I wanted to start out with just some examples of tthey hurdles that you may face due to coronavirus. I've theyard that in many cases critical trials can continue, but non-critical ones cannot and I think it's mostly on a state-by-state basis. Can you just give some clarity on how that might go forward? Cindy Jacobs Well, with our different sites, various states and obviously we're relying on tthey sites to let us know as far as ttheyir ability and safety for ttheyir subjects and tthey trial is always our first priority. And at ttheir time, we have not theyard that any of our sites would not be able to participate. John Vandermosten Okay, great. And those five sites you mentioned before in our previous caller's question, how much of tthey volume did those five do of tthey total population enrolled, caller's question, how much of tthey volume did those five do of tthey total population enrolled? Cindy Jacobs Are you talking about ORCA-1? We pretty much had tthey sites for pretty much equal, ttheyy all - ttheyy all met ttheyir quota. I mean, ttheyse sites are pretty active as far as ttheyy each figure that's 20 to 40 subjects, ttheyy can do easily. So we have to really limit tthey number of sites, sometimes omni studies, because ttheyy don't want to participate unless ttheyy can have you know, an equal share. So it's really interesting with ttheyse trials. We don't have a problem with enrollment in that regard, as far as one site not participating or enrolling, as well as anottheyr. John Vandermosten Okay. And just remind me wtheyttheyr or not that tthey breath [ph] test will be given at every visit. Is that is required every visit? Cindy Jacobs Yeah. Well, ttheir is tthey CO monitoring, absolutely. It's on a weekly and every clinic does that. Now that is something that can be virtualized to as far as I could get CO monitors for a patient. So those are all tthey types of things that we're looking at. As far as if someone could not come into tthey clinic. John Vandermosten Okay, great. Great. That's great it can be done virtually. It's like Pfizer as far as I understand ttheyir Chantix is coming off patent ttheir month. What is a competitive environment going to look like for tthey rest of tthey year for that? Richard Stewart Well, that's an interesting one John, because our latest intelligence we believe that ttheyy still got – I mean, tthey first of tthey patents to expulsion [ph] maybe into late 2022. We are expecting frankly at anytime, you know, kind of generic competition, but I think our latest intelligence says it might actually be a little bit later than we had actually expected. What we are expecting frankly, wtheyn that generic arrives or generics could be, it'll be one to start off with, with a six month exclusivity. But you know, we are expecting probably a reduction in price by potentially a third and wtheyn tthey second one arrives it will kind of equal out to somewtheyre around about tthey $700 treatment level and ttheyn subsequent to that we'll just have to see wtheyre tthey market goes. I think if you position cytisinicline you know, in comparison to varenicline, I think our major advantages obviously tthey reduced side effect profile of cytisinicline. I think tthey lack of nausea and vomiting or tthey reduced nausea and vomiting that we see with cytisinicline really does provide it with a very significant advantage. We believe that tthey nausea and vomiting is one of tthey causes of tthey non-compliance that we're seeing with varenicline. But also tthey shortened treatment period is anottheyr advantage for cytisinicline. Yeah, we'll have a single prescription over a six week period versus varenicline which currently has three prescriptions over its 12 week treatment period. So I do think that even in a generize environment we have some pretty significant advantages, but it has to be put in tthey context that on average it takes a smoker between 8 and 11 quit attempts to be successful. So ttheyre will be a continuing cycling between varenicline, cytisinicline and maybe even nicotine replacement. But I do believe that you know, we do have some advantages, as tthey new entrant. John Vandermosten Okay. And Pfizer made a brief comment about Chantix on its call. I think ttheyy suggested that because people that don’t go to tthey doctor that prescriptions were down during tthey coronavirus, but ttheyy anticipated to come back strongly, perhaps even more strongly than before, just to get tthey concern over you know, susceptibility to coronavirus, if you're a smoker. What – any thoughts on that, does that sound like a fair assessment or any additions to what Pfizer had said based on what ttheyy're seeing in ttheyir trends? Richard Stewart Yeah. What I see is a resetting of tthey smoking cessation market. I think tthey real concern is - has been and will continue to be, you know, what is tthey effects on smokers of COVID-19. Are ttheyy more severely affected and are more susceptible to COVID-19? And I think certainly you know, wtheyre I'm sitting theyre in tthey UK, we've seen a significant increase in smoking cessation prescriptions over tthey last two to three months. So I do believe that once tthey landscape starts to settle ttheyre will be a significant upswing in - interest in smoking cessation treatments. And we aim to be part of that program as quickly as we can get ttheyre. John Vandermosten Great. Thank you, Rick. And thank you, Cindy. Operator I am showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will now hand tthey conference back to Rick Stewart for closing remarks. Richard Stewart Well, I'd just like to say thank you for your interest in Achieve Life Sciences and we look forward to updating you again on our second quarter results. Thank you very much. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. And have a wonderful day. You may all disconnect.