OncoGenex Pharmaceuticals Inc. (OGXI) Q3 2015 Earnings Conference Call November 12, 2015 4:30 PM ET Executives Scott Cormack - President and CEO John Bencich - VP and CFO Cindy Jacobs - CMO Jim DeNike - Senior Director, Corporate Communications and IR Analysts Randy Xu - William Blair Steptheyn Willey - Stifel Nicolaus Chad Messer - Needham & Company Operator Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey OncoGenex Third Quarter 2015 Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference maybe recorded. I’ll now turn tthey call over to your host Jim DeNike. Please go atheyad. Jim DeNike Thanks Jason, and thanks everyone for joining us. With me today from OncoGenex are Scott Cormack, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Bencich, Chief Financial Officer and Dr. Cindy Jacobs, our Chief Medical Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everybody that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to OncoGenex documents filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey Company, copies of which are available on tthey Web site. I'll now turn tthey call over to Scott. Scott Cormack Thanks, Jim. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us. Following tthey close of tthey third quarter, we find ourselves in a pivotal time for tthey company, as we await tthey first AFFINITY data readout by tthey end of ttheir year and a number of ottheyr significant readouts over tthey next 12 months. On tthey call today, I will provide an update on our Custirsen and Apatorsen clinical programs and preview anticipated milestones through tthey end of ttheir year and into 2016. John will provide a review of our financial results for tthey third quarter and we’ll conclude tthey call with questions. Let me start with Custirsen program and tthey first of two important milestones from our Phase 3 AFFINITY trial. Tthey AFFINITY trial is evaluating tthey survival benefit of Custirsen in combination with docetaxel treatment as second line ctheymottheyrapy in men with metastatic castrate-resistant prostate cancer. Tthey first of two analysis to be conducted will determine tthey ability of Custirsen to extend survival in a prospectively defined subgroup of men who are at increased risk for poor outcomes. Ttheir group is comprised of men having two or more of five common clinical features, including poor performance status, elevated PSA, elevated LDH, decreased theymoglobin, and tthey presence of liver metastasis. Ttheir patient selection criteria was developed in collaboration with study investigators and key opinion leaders following analysis that are identified patients who significantly benefit from Custirsen in tthey Phase 3 synergy trial. Being able to prospectively identify ttheyse patients, we provide guidance for physicians to determine which patients are most appropriate to receive Custirsen and may also lead to earlier product registration. In order to reach a statistically significant survival benefit in tthey subgroup, we’re required to reach a hypottheysized hazard ratio of 0.69 with tthey clinical hazard ratio being less than or equal to 0.78. Following discussions with both FDA and EMA earlier ttheir year, we’re confident in our ability to proceed with plans for regulatory submission for tthey subgroup population based on tthey patient selection criteria. Again, we expect to have ttheyse data by tthey end of ttheir year. At tthey same time is tthey final analysis for tthey subgroup, interim analysis for both utility and efficacy are sctheyduled to occur in tthey intent to treat or entire patient population, of tthey AFFINITY trial. If ttheir interim analysis shows early efficacy, we’d proceed with an NDA filing for tthey entire trial population. If tthey early efficacy interim analysis does not show a highly significant difference, tthey study will continue as planned with final results expected in tthey second half of 2016. To reiterate, tthey subgroup and ITT are separate analysis for survival benefit. In tthey event of tthey subgroup analysis as positive, we’d proceed with discussions with tthey FDA on an IND filing. A growing body of evidence points to tthey roll of clusterin plays in blocking tthey effects of many known ttheyrapeutic agents. Preclinical studies have shown that tumor cells that over express clusterin are likely to display more aggressive behavior and respond less well to ctheymottheyrapy, radiation or hormone ablation ttheyrapy. At tthey 2015 European Cancer Congress or ECC meeting Vienna ttheir past September, we presented data that look to serum clusterin levels from men in tthey SYNERGY trial who had metastatic CRPC. Tthey analysis show that Custirsen treatment significantly lowered serum clusterin levels from baseline in men with metastatic CRPC. In addition, ttheyse data showed that serum clusterin reductions during Custirsen treatment resulted in higtheyr two-year survival rates in those patients who were at increased risk for poor outcomes. Of those patients with lower serum clusterin levels, tthey data also showed a correlation to an overall survival benefit for Custirsen-treated patients who were at increased risk. We believe ttheir data supports tthey important benefit Custirsen may bring to ttheyse patients. Before I turn to an update on our second product candidate, Apatorsen, I’d like to review tthey current status of tthey Phase 3 ENSPIRIT trial. ENSPIRIT is evaluating tthey ability of Custirsen in combination with docetaxel treatment as second line ctheymottheyrapy to extend survival in patients with non-small cell lung cancer. A protocol amendment to tthey statistical design and analysis plan of tthey ENSPIRIT trial was submitted to approved by all regulatory agencies in participating countries. We believe ttheir amendment specifically detailing tthey revised statistical thresholds, are more appropriately aligned to tthey interest of both treating clinicians and ttheyir patients, because tthey statistical threshold for efficacy is more aligned to clinical relevance. Based on current ENSPIRIT enrollment projections, we believe final survival results could be available in tthey second half of 2016. I’d now like to move to our ottheyr lead product candidate, Apatorsen. Apatorsen is designed to inhibit tthey production of Hsp27. Over expression of Hsp27 is thought to be an important factor leading to tthey development of treatment resistance and is associated with metastasis and negative clinical outcomes in patients with various tumor types. We are studying Apatorsen across multiple cancer indications and in tthey past quarter had two important updates for metastatic bladder cancer program. Patients living with advanced metastatic bladder cancer typically have poor prognosis with very limited ttheyrapeutic options. At tthey ECC meeting, we presented additional analysis of data from tthey Borealis-1 trial, confirming that patients with advanced bladder cancer identified is having increased risk for poor outcomes also had increased baseline levels of serum theyat shock protein 27, as well as increased circulating tumor cells. Tthey study showed that baseline Hsp27 and circulating tumor cell levels were additional risk factors for survival outcomes. Ttheir data furttheyr validates tthey subgroup classifications for poor versus good prognostic risks in tthey Borealis-1 analysis, which showed that patients with advanced disease were specific poor prognostic risk factors experienced a clinical benefit with Apatorsen. Ttheyse data have also been accepted for an oral presentation at tthey upcoming European Multidisciplinary Meeting on Urological Cancers on November 14 in Barcelona. Our second Phase 2 Apatorsen trial metastatic bladder cancer called Borealis-2, completed patient enrollment in tthey third quarter. Tthey investigator-sponsored, randomized, Phase 2 trial has met tthey target enrollment of 200 patients and will evaluate over all survival with Apatorsen in combination with docetaxel in patients with advanced or metastatic bladder cancer who have disease progression following first-line platinum-based ctheymottheyrapy. Borealis-2 is sponsored by tthey Hoosier Cancer Research Network and its being conducted at 27 sites across tthey United States. We expect to announce ttheyse results in 2016. Our Spruce trial is an investigator-sponsored, randomized, placebo-controlled Phase 2 trial in patients with previously untreated advanced non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer. Tthey aim of tthey trial is to determine if adding Apatorsen to carboplatin and pemetrexed ttheyrapy can extend progression free survival outcome compared to carboplatin and pemetrexed alone.  Additional analysis or expected to improve tumor response rates, overall survival, safety, tolerability, and tthey effective ttheyrapy on Hsp27 levels. Patients who were at increased risk for poor outcomes will also be prospectively evaluated. Ttheir trial was initiated in August 2013 and patient enrollment was completed in February 2015. Our primary progression free survival end point data is expected in tthey first quarter of 2016, we’ve continued to overall survival follow-up. We have two additional investigator-sponsored Phase 2 trials in ORCA program. Our Spruce-2 trial in untreated advanced squamous non-small cell lung cancer broadly called Cedar is currently enrolling patients. Tthey specific trial is being conducted in men with castrate-resistant prostate cancer who are experiencing a rising PSA while receiving Zytiga. Tthey trial is also continuing enrollment to patients. That concludes my update on our recent product candidate developments. I’ll now invite John to provide an overview of our financial results for tthey third quarter of 2015. John? John Bencich Thanks, Scott. As of September 30, 2015 our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments increased to $65.9 million from $47.1 million as of December 31, 2014. Our ending cash and investment balances for tthey third quarter reflects an increase of $5.7 million from our June 30, 2015 balances and includes proceeds raised from tthey previously announced financing, looks like in Park Capital. Based on our current expectations, we believe that our cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments will be sufficient to fund our currently planned operations into tthey first quarter of 2017, which may include announcement regarding Custirsen announcing affinity trial results including final results of tthey poor prognosis subpopulation by tthey end of ttheir year and final analysis for tthey ITT population in tthey second half of 2016, depending on timing of tthey event-driven final analysis. In announcing ENSPIRIT trial results, which could be available in tthey second half of 2016. Regarding Apatorsen, announcing Spruce trial results for tthey PFS primary end point in tthey first quarter of 2016, announcing Borealis-2 trial results in 2016 and continuing enrollment in tthey Spruce-2 trial and completing enrollment in tthey Pacific trial. Revenue for tthey three-months ended September 30, 2015, increased to $6.7 million from $4.8 million for tthey three months ended September 30, 2014. Revenue for tthey nine months ended September 30, 2015 decreased to $12.1 million from $21.5 million for tthey nine months ended September 30, 2014. Revenue for tthey current period reflects tthey recognition of tthey proceeds we received from Teva as advanced reimbursement for Custirsen related development expenses. We expect tthey deferred revenue balance from tthey advanced reimbursement from Teva to be fully recognized in tthey first half of 2016, as we continued tthey development of Custirsen. Total operating expenses for tthey three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 were $11.4 million and $27.4 million, respectively, compared to $12 million and $44.3 million for tthey three and nine months ended September 30, 2014, respectively. Tthey reduction in operating expenses in 2015 is primarily related to lower clinical trial costs for tthey AFFINITY and Borealis-1 trials as a result of patients completing treatment.  Ttheir reduction was partially offset by higtheyr ENSPIRIT trial costs as we became tthey sponsor in tthey study. Net loss for tthey three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $4.6 million and $15.1 million, compared with $4.9 million and $20.6 million for tthey three and nine months ended September 30, 2014, respectively. That concludes my discussion of our financial results. I’ll now turn tthey call back over to Scott for closing remarks. Scott? Q - Scott Cormack Thanks John. Ttheir is a exciting time in tthey Company’s theirtory with AFFINITY Phase 3 data expected by tthey end of tthey year and several key data milestones occurring throughout 2016. And as John just discussed, we’re well positioned financially to achieve ttheyse milestones and we are preparing for success. Thank you again for joining us today and at ttheir time I’d like to invite Jason, our operator to open tthey line for questions. Jason? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Randy Xu with William Blair. Your line is open. Randy Xu Yes. Hi, good afternoon. Just curious about tthey interim analysis of AFFINITY in tthey entire ITT population. Scott, can you talk about tthey futility and efficacy analysis little bit more in detail and how ttheyy’re treated statistically? Scott Cormack Sure. Thanks for tthey question, Randy, and good afternoon. I’ll turn ttheir one over to Cindy, our CMO who is participating in ttheir call as well and ttheyy can give you some more detailed explanation of both of those analysis. Cindy? Cindy Jacobs And so for both of those analysis ttheyy were requested by FDA to be done at tthey same time as we did tthey final analysis on tthey poor prognostic subpopulation. And we really haven’t disclosed tthey details of interim analysis, so I won't be able to go into those details, but it was both for tthey FDA request and at tthey same time. So we really are looking at tthey early efficacy interim which obviously has a very high bar for that to hit early efficacy. Scott Cormack So it provides an opportunity Randy essentially for an early stop on efficacy if that were seen in tthey ITT population. And as Cindy alluded, as you could expect it is -- it does have a fairly high bar statistically to achieve that. Randy Xu Okay. So you would conduct ttheir utility for us and ttheyn once that’s met go for tthey efficacy? Cindy Jacobs Actually both tthey interim analysis are going to be done at tthey same time. Randy Xu Thank you. Scott Cormack Thanks, Randy. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Steptheyn Willey with Stifel. Your line is open. Steptheyn Willey Hi. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Just wondering at ttheir point if you know, I guess, what percentage of patients enrolled into AFFINITY meet that poor prognostic criteria that you’ve signed out of tthey entire patient population? Scott Cormack Out of tthey entire patient population? Yes. Thanks Steve, again I appreciate tthey call and good afternoon. Again since Cindy is online and in that various datasets and tthey analysis from a statistical perspective I can turn ttheir one over to Cindy who can respond to that question specifically. Cindy? Cindy Jacobs Sure. We do not -- I mean we do not know tthey analysis. I mean we still view it as going to be two-thirds of tthey population wtheyn we were doing some estimates. I’m looking at still that -- right at that 60%, 63%, but we don’t know specifically until we get tthey final analysis from our independent statistical group. Steptheyn Willey Okay. And can you remind us what tthey percentage of patients that fell into tthey poor prognostic in SYNERGY was? It was a little bit lower, correct? Cindy Jacobs Yes, that was -- well we did tthey first analysis with tthey scape score and that was by default 50% because it was tthey median and ttheyn wtheyn we did tthey two to five it was about 41%, 42%. Steptheyn Willey Okay. So tthey delta ttheyre between I guess tthey two to five in SYNERGY and two to five in AFFINITY just reflects tthey back of ttheir -- ttheyre’s a patient population that’s removed from an ottheyr line of ttheyrapy? Cindy Jacobs Correct, I mean and tthey reason why we’re kind of still estimating about two-thirds is because even if you look at performance status in tthey SYNERGY it was about 30% of tthey patients have what would be a more poor performance status and 50% in tthey AFFINITY. So right ttheyre you can see tthey difference and ttheyn you’re adding in tthey ottheyr four risk factors as well which those patients in AFFINITY should have worse prognostic status than tthey SYNERGY patients. Steptheyn Willey Okay. I think that’s all I have. Thanks for taking tthey question. Scott Cormack Great. Thank you, Steve. Operator Our next question comes from Chad Messer with Needham & Company. Your line is open. Chad Messer Great. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Tthey hazard ratio is 0.69 you said for ttheir high-risk population, I’m sure you’ve given it before. But can you remind me what tthey hazard ratio is for tthey whole ITT population? Scott Cormack Sure. And again thanks a lot for tthey question and good afternoon, Chad. Cindy, you’re on a role, so we’ll turn back to you again for tthey data [ph]. Cindy Jacobs Sure. For tthey ITT population that hazard ratio, ttheyy hypottheysized hazard ratio did not change, it remained specified at 0.75. It was tthey -- looking at tthey poor prognostic group that we specified it at 0.69 as ttheyy review it. If we have efficacy in ttheir patient population it would be at a lower hazard ratio of 0.65 -- 0.69. Chad Messer Okay. I mean, obviously like you guys looking at tthey data, do you mean you’ve got a shot with tthey total population, and ttheyn maybe an earlier shot with tthey high-risk -- I’m just wondering about tthey bizarre situation if high-risk misses and we go on to tthey ITT, what that would mean? Intuitively, I guess that would mean high-risk wasn’t as good of a indicator as we thought. Is that a fair assumption or is ttheyre an ultimate way to look at that? Scott Cormack Yes, I think -- Chad, I think that’s a really good question and one that’s worth articulating a little bit more. From what Cindy had just said about tthey statistics, ttheyre is obviously a higtheyr bar placed on tthey poor prognostic subgroup population. So ttheyre is a situation wtheyre you could have for example just missed that from a hazard ratio perspective wtheyre you could still get it from tthey ITT because you do have a higtheyr bar on that subgroup population and that is obviously a risk reduced in that trial. Just to add one more ottheyr point, Chad tthey ottheyr point I guess on that is both of ttheyse from our perspective and I think from a regulatory perspective do both achieve clinical relevance as well. So it’s not like tthey poor prognosis is at a level that would be relevant and tthey ITT population is something that is less than relevant. I think it a fair statement to say that both are highly relevant from a clinical perspective as well. Chad Messer Yes, now I agree. I know its early afternoon over ttheyre, but tthey sun is set theyre. So -- I’ve got a glass that I’m raising to SYNERGY and best of luck to you guys. Scott Cormack Thanks a lot, Chad. Very much appreciate it, and we too are looking forward to that data. It’s coming up on us pretty quickly now. Operator Our next question comes from Randy Xu with William Blair. Your line is open. Randy Xu Hi. Thank you for taking a follow-up. I just want to make sure in tthey press release subject you’re going to give -- you will talk about a final analysis of tthey poor prognostic group, but you also talk about tthey interim analysis results of tthey whole entire population. Scott Cormack Yes. So ttheyre is -- ttheyre is I guess, we’ll -- I’ll start with tthey first part of ttheir and ttheyn we’ll move into a second part that perhaps Cindy can talk to as far as some additional detail for you. So it depends obviously on tthey outcome of tthey trial. If tthey trial is positive, we would be providing top line results consistent with what you would normally see with survival kind of indicators in ttheyre and preserving enough information that we could still present at an appropriate scientific congress, even like at ASCO or one of those kinds of congress. So in a positive situation you would see on tthey poor prognostic population that kind of a top line result announcement. Ttheyn if you flip it, if we are unfortunate enough to see a non-positive outcome, ttheyn we won't be able to disclose anything with respect to tthey poor prognostic group because we don’t know it. As Cindy had articulated, I think in tthey previous question, because we’re continuing tthey trial for tthey ITT population we need to remain blinded as sponsor of tthey trial in that particular event. So all we’ll be able to say is we didn’t hit tthey statistical threshold for that poor prognostic group and we will continue, and ttheyn once we get to tthey requisite events for tthey ITT population ttheyn obviously we don’t want tthey trial. Cindy, maybe you could add something else onto that. Cindy Jacobs I know, I think you did a good job. I mean for all three of ttheyse analysis we’ll be reporting wtheyttheyr it crossed tthey criteria or not. Obviously for tthey interim you could have, that it’s not futile, that study is continuing or tthey early efficacy which would require a highly significant p-value. So even if you had for tthey ITT a hypottheysized hazard ratio of 0.72 versus our hypottheysized 0.75, it would have to be highly statically significant. It may not reach that highly statically significant bar because it’s quite high. So even though we don’t meet tthey early efficacy that doesn’t mean that tthey final analysis would not have a chance. Scott Cormack Right. Cindy Jacobs Got atheyad. Scott Cormack Sorry, I was just going to say tthey ottheyr thing to mention, because I don’t think I mentioned in tthey first piece is, in tthey situation even with a positive poor prognosis in a situation wtheyre we haven’t hit tthey early efficacy, we won't know tthey results of tthey ITT population in that scenario eittheyr. So again, its eittheyr going to be as continuing or not with respect to tthey ITT on an early [indiscernible] and its only under an early stop that we would know any details in that circumstance for tthey ITT population. Cindy Jacobs And even with tthey poor prognostic patients, I mean obviously that’s a high bar to have a hypottheysized hazard ratio of 0.69. So ttheyse are all done to really move forward earlier than tthey ITT final analysis if we hit one or both of those. Scott Cormack Right. Cindy Jacobs Or eittheyr one actually. Scott Cormack Very good. Thanks, Randy. Operator Our next question comes from Steptheyn Willey with Stifel. Your line is open. Steptheyn Willey Yes, thanks for taking tthey follow-up. Just a curiosity question I guess on Spruce, I know that you -- I guess regarding to PFS data, first quarter of next year, but ttheyn I’m presuming that ultimately survival will be kind of tthey key determining us to wtheyttheyr or not you decide to go forward with that study, is that correct? Scott Cormack So tthey primary on it Steve is PFS, that is tthey primary endpoint for tthey trial. From a corporate perspective obviously we’re going to have tthey PFS data atheyad of tthey survival trial, and we would look at tthey PFS and I think we would start guiding our efforts according to tthey PFS in tthey interim. But you’re right, I mean a registration endpoint for long remains survival and so we would still want to see what that looks like to make an ultimate decision. But I guess in a scenarios wtheyre we saw a positive PFS, Cindy and team would be rapidly encouraged to start protocol rating and development of tthey Phase 3 strategy, how is that for foreshadowing Cindy. And ttheyn obviously wait for tthey survival results to see wtheyre we go, because that ultimately is going to be your design of tthey trial and I think we would like to see survival numbers so that we can pre-plan sample sizing so on because up until you know what that is, it would be estimated. But having tthey reality of tthey Phase 2 experience I think would be theylpful. Tthey ottheyr side of that equation is if it doesn’t hit on PFS, wouldn’t probably go through tthey effort of pre-writing protocols and so until we saw tthey arrest, but ttheyre’s certainly our circumstances in diseases like lung cancer wtheyre PFS does not translate to survival. And because survival is your primary approvable endpoint, we would basically just wait for tthey next flip to see if ttheyre’s a survival benefit in tthey absence of a PFS advantage. Steptheyn Willey So I guess to ask tthey question just in tthey context of, you theyar I think some of tthey -- tthey initial penetration rates, that kind of Bristol and Merck are speaking to post introduction of PD-1 and to kind of second line lung and it seems like those -- those two drugs have become fairly entrenctheyd. So I’m just kind of wondering if you think that it’s going to be really hard to kind of elucidate some kind of OS benefit now in second line lung with tthey introduction of ttheyse fairly active ttheyrapies post first-line. Scott Cormack Yes, so with respect I guess to tthey ctheyckpoints, ttheyre’s first I guess a market question and ttheyn secondly is; does that affect our trial? Now from a market perspective I think looking at tthey dataset first from tthey ctheyckpoints, first its obviously very clear that ttheyse are not cures for lung cancer and patients will progress through that ttheyrapy as well as ottheyr ttheyrapies and ttheyre remains a desperate need to do something for those patients. So I don’t think from a market perspective that changes. Ttheyn I think with respect to tthey non-squamous population ttheyre’s probably different opportunities depending on tthey theyalth status of that group as well. So wtheyttheyr you’re taking good versus poor prognostic patients, I think ttheyre is a delineation in that patient group actually with tthey ctheyckpoints that may represent a different opportunity. Tthey broader question ttheyn comes down to, do tthey present trials or tthey interim of those drugs and tthey tail-end of ttheir trial have potential to complicate tthey OS. That’s always an interesting question, wtheyn you have a new agent that comes in that makes a potential survival benefit in tthey landscape that could be getting post ttheyrapies, that’s something ttheyy’ll obviously have to look at and we’re obviously sensitive to it given tthey SYNERGY theirtory. But I think given lung cancer and how quickly ttheyse patients pass away, I think a fair number of those patients probably will have been treated through before ttheyse agents would have become available to ttheym. So I think we’ll have to look at it and I don’t have tthey numbers on top of my theyad or that we’ve even looked at of how many patients will have -- received ttheyse agents as a subsequent ttheyrapy, but its something we’ll have to look at in tthey context of tthey results. Steptheyn Willey Okay. Thanks for tthey follow-up. Scott Cormack Thanks so much, Steve. Appreciate tthey questions. Operator And I’m showing no furttheyr questions. I will now turn tthey call back over to Scott Cormack for closing remarks. Scott Cormack Right. Thank you very much, Jason. Thank you very much for participating in today's call. Clearly our excitement level is increasing substantively as we approach now tthey first of tthey two analysis tests that we’ll be conducting on AFFINITY, that’s a very near-term objective that is occurring ttheir year, very excited about that. And ttheyn as we roll into 2016, we start to post material events for us as we go through a number of our clinical trials and starting to see results from tthey efforts of our clinical development plan until it will be not only an exciting time as we come to tthey close of ’15 but certainly through ’16 as well. I’m looking forward to furttheyr communications and updates with all of you on tthey phone and participating by website. Thank you again very much for participating on today's call. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude today's conference. You may all disconnect and everyone have a great day.