Albertsons Companies Inc. (NYSE:ACI) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call April 12, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Vivek Sankaran - Chief Executive Officer Juan McCollam - President, Chief Financial Officer Ryan Plaisance - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations  Conference Call Participants Robbie Ohmes - Bank of America Edward Edward - Wells Fargo John Heinbockel - Guggentheyim Partners Ken Goldman - JP Morgan Scott Mushkin - R5 Capital Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Erica Eiler - Oppentheyimer Benjamin Short - Barclays Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research Brandon Ctheyatham - Citi Michael Montani - Evercore ISI Operator Welcome to tthey Albertsons Companies fourth quarter and fiscal year 2021 earnings conference call, and thank you for standing by. All participants will be in listen-only mode until tthey Q&A session. Ttheir call is being recorded. I would like to hand tthey call over to Ryan Plaisance, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Treasury, and Risk Management. Please go atheyad. Ryan Plaisance Good morning and thank you for joining us for tthey Albertsons Companies’ fourth quarter and fiscal year 2021 earnings conference call. With me today are Vivek Sankaran, our CEO, and Juan McCollam, our President and CFO. Today Vivek will share insights into our fourth quarter results as well as review our progress against our strategic priorities. Juan will ttheyn go into tthey financial details before Vivek and Juan provide a discussion on our priorities and outlook for fiscal 2022. I would like to remind you that management may make statements during ttheir call that are or could include forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements are not limited to theirtorical facts but contain information about future operating or financial performance. Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to be materially different from those anticipated. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in tthey forward-looking statements are and will be contained from time to time in our SEC filings, including on Forms 10-Q, 10-K, and 8-K.  Forward-looking statements we make today are only as of today’s date and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any such statements as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. Please keep in mind that included in tthey financial statements and management’s prepared remarks are certain non-GAAP measures and theirtorical financial information includes a reconciliation of net income to adjusted net income and adjusted EBITDA. With that, I will hand tthey call over to Vivek. Vivek Sankaran Thanks Ryan. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today. In tthey fourth quarter, our teams continued to drive top tier operating and financial performance. We want to recognize and thank all of our retail distribution and manufacturing teams for ttheyir commitment to and care of our customers and ttheyir communities. We are proud of tthey compassion, humility and passion for excellence ttheyy have shown in an exceptionally challenging environment over tthey last two years. In Q4 2021, ID sales increased 7.5% and 19.3% on a two-year stack. We also gained unit and dollar market share in food and MULO on both a one and two-year basis and maintained our number one or number two position in 68% of tthey 121 MSAs in which we operate. In addition, we delivered adjusted EBITDA of approximately $1.1 billion and adjusted EPS of $0.75 per share, well atheyad of our expectations. During tthey quarter, we continued to see a rebound in store traffic and tthey benefits from our digital and omnichannel investments, including tthey expansion of drive up and go and additional micro fulfillment centers bringing our total MSCs to seven. Omnichannel households spent three times more than in-store only shoppers, and during Q4 omnichannel households grew by nearly five times versus tthey fourth quarter of 2019. In addition, as our investments drove increased customer engagement and retention, Q4 2021 digital sales increased 5% year-over-year and 287% on a two-year stack basis. In tthey Just For You loyalty program, benefit enhancements continued to accelerate membership growth which increased 18% year-over-year to nearly 30 million members and is up approximately 45% or over 9 million members since tthey fourth quarter of 2019. Actively engaged members, defined as those redeeming coupons and fuel up grocery rewards also continued to increase, and tthey retention rate of ttheyse members remained over 90% at tthey end of tthey year. Remember that on average, actively engaged members spend four times more than non-actively engaged customers. I will now recap our progress against tthey four key strategic priorities that drove our better than expected Q4 and 2021 results. Driving in-store excellence is tthey foundation that enables everything we do, and our commitment to enhancing our customers’ experience contributed meaningfully to tthey 18% year-over-year growth in our Just For You members and market share gains. From an inventory and productivity perspective, we simplified tasks and automated production planning in our fresh departments, resulting in higtheyr in-stock conditions and more time for customer interactions. For example, in tthey deli we installed auto slicers and stackers and implemented production planning tools that increased product availability while reducing shrink and improved customer service. Ttheyse changes contributed to tthey better than expected results in fresh. During tthey fourth quarter, fresh ID sales outpaced center store by 280 basis points year-over-year and over 500 basis points versus two years ago. In addition, we continued to invest and modernize our store fleet, including adding and upgrading self ctheyckout which is now available in over 1,800 stores, and optimizing tthey layout and design to improve tthey customer shopping experience. We completed 236 remodels and opened 10 new stores in fiscal 2021.  In own brands, we introduced 837 new products and increased adoption in lower penetrated divisions, driving strong growth and improved margins. Q4 sales penetration reactheyd 25.6% with tthey strongest performance in floral, deli and meat. During tthey year, own brands was awarded four Private Label Manufacturing Association awards and one recognition from Store Brands Magazine for innovation in private brand marketing.  Our next priority is tthey acceleration of our digital and omnichannel capabilities to fuel our growth and increase customer engagement, satisfaction and retention. In loyalty, we launctheyd in upscale our new unified mobile app, or UMA. Eighty-seven percent of our digital orders were being placed in tthey UMA by tthey end of tthey fiscal year. We also introduced meal planning that offers recipes, including those that address dietary preferences such as vegetarian or gluten-free. Customers can seamlessly add all recipe ingredients to ttheyir shopping list or immediately purchase ttheym in tthey UMA.  In drive up and go, we reactheyd our goal of over 2,000 stores serving 99% of our households. In online delivery, we expanded third party partnerships to offer more choices and accelerate tthey speed of delivery, and in both drive up and go and online delivery, we reduced costs per order by adding five additional MFCs and three-way rooms, reconfiguring our picking software and staffing models and improving our forecasting algorithms. In digital, we are beginning to capitalize on our rich and proprietary data, recently launching tthey Albertson’s Media Collective, or AMC. AMC offers new and existing business partners a robust in-store marketing platform that reactheys our extensive customer network and leverages our strong market share especially in tthey 68% of markets wtheyre we hold tthey number one or number two share position. We expect AMC to be a leading growth and profit driver over tthey next several years. Increasing productivity, our next priority, allowed us to continue to fund future growth and offset inflation. In tthey second year of our three-year $1.5 billion savings program, we enhanced our pricing and promotion capabilities, furttheyr rationalized indirect spend, and expanded our national buying initiatives. We expect to achieve our targeted $1.5 billion in savings by tthey end of fiscal year 2022 and we will not stop ttheyre. Later on ttheir call, we will discuss tthey next phase of our perpetual productivity engine beyond fiscal year ’22. Our fourth priority is strengttheyning our talent and culture and supporting tthey communities we serve. In 2021, we continued to acquire and develop talent to transform tthey culture to harness local ownership, leverage scale, and support our new omnichannel imperatives. We also recognized tthey front line teams for embracing ttheir cultural transformation while delivering exceptional service to our customers by awarding a discretionary thank you payment in tthey fourth quarter. Our senior leadership team also focused on amplifying our diversity, equity and inclusion strategy. We are continuing to make progress at tthey senior levels of tthey company and are benefiting from tthey experience and diversity of thought that each of ttheyse leaders is bringing to tthey table. In pharmacy, our teams worked tirelessly to provide COVID vaccinations to tthey communities we serve. To date, we have administered over 12 million vaccinations. In ESG, we increased investment and furttheyr developed our goals in tthey areas of climate action, waste reduction and circularity, community stewardship, and diversity, equity and inclusion. Later ttheir month in conjunction with Earth Day, we will announce ttheir compretheynsive set of goals publicly. We are very pleased with tthey progress we have made against all our strategic priorities and ttheyre remains significant theyadroom and a strong foundation to build on in 2022.  I will now turn tthey call over to Juan to cover tthey details of our fourth quarter and fiscal year results. Juan McCollam Thank you Vivek, and good morning everyone. It’s great to be theyre with you today. Our fourth quarter ’21 results were strong across all key metrics. Identical sales were up 7.5% and up 19.3% on a two-year stacked basis, with momentum continuing into Q1 2022. Retail price inflation as well as market share gains contributed to ttheyse results.  Gross margin rate was 28.7% in Q4 2021. Excluding fuel, tthey gross margin rate was flat compared to last year. Productivity, improved COVID-related pharmacy margins, and a favorable product mix were offset by tthey rate impact of increased product costs driven by tthey current inflationary environment and higtheyr supply chain and LIFO expenses.  Selling and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales were 24.9% in Q4 2021. Excluding fuel and a favorable pension adjustment, SG&A decreased 30 basis points compared to last year. Ttheir decrease was primarily driven by lower COVID-19 related expenses and tthey benefit of productivity initiatives. Ttheyse decreases were partially offset by market driven wage rate increases, a discretionary appreciation payment to our frontline associates, expenses related to tthey acceleration of our digital and omnichannel capabilities, and higtheyr depreciation.  Q4 2021 adjusted EBITDA was $1.074 billion compared to $917 million last year. Ttheir increase was primarily driven by tthey flow through from our 7.5% ID sales increase and tthey margin benefits related to administering COVID-19 vaccines. Q4 2021 adjusted EPS was $0.75 per fully diluted share compared to $0.60 per fully diluted share in Q4 2020. Turning to full year fiscal ’21, ID sales were near flat and up 16.8% on a two-year stacked basis. We also delivered adjusted EBITDA of $4.398 billion as our productivity initiatives and margin benefit from COVID-19 vaccines fueled strategic investments and substantially offset product, wage and ottheyr inflationary theyadwinds. Full year adjusted EPS came in at $3.07, nearly three times our 2019 adjusted EPS of $1.04. I’ll now discuss fiscal ’21 cash flow and capital allocation. Strong earnings and temporary reductions in working capital drove better than expected cash flow. Capital expenditures in fiscal ’21 were $1.6 billion with tthey majority of investments being made in tthey modernization of our store fleet and tthey building of our digital and technology platforms, both of which we expect will continue to fuel our transformation as we enter 2022. We also returned $207 million to our shareholders through common dividends and repaid $330 million in outstanding notes. Net debt leverage at tthey end of fiscal ’21 was 1.2 times compared to 1.5 times in fiscal 2020 and 2.9 times in fiscal 2019.  I’d now like to provide an update on our recent labor relations activities. We have continued to settle labor contracts that provide an overall wage and benefit package that rewards our existing team members for ttheyir significant contributions and strengttheyns our competitive positioning in tthey markets we serve. During tthey fourth quarter of 2021, we settled retail contracts in Denver, Portland, Montana, Idaho, Oregon and tthey mid-Atlantic. Thus far in tthey first quarter of 2022, we have also reactheyd tentative settlements in both norttheyrn and souttheyrn California with retail contracts in Seattle, Las Vegas, Shaw’s and Jewel left to be negotiated ttheir year. I will now turn tthey call back over to Vivek to discuss our fiscal 2022 priorities.  Vivek Sankaran Thank you Juan. As we look forward to fiscal ’22, we are entering tthey next phase of our transformation strategy: Customers for Life. Our belief and tthey evidence is that wtheyn we are at our best in tthey brick and mortar and digital worlds, our customers never leave us and spend more of ttheyir wallet with us. Customers for Life is built around ttheir belief that satisfied customers create outsized lifetime value and that everything we do should enable more stickiness. Customers for Life is anchored on placing tthey customer at tthey center of everything we do with tthey ultimate goal of supporting our customers every day, every week, and for a lifetime. We want our customers to interact with us daily, not only to shop but sometimes to simply consume relevant content about food or plan meals, or find information to inspire ttheyir wellbeing. Our business model is pivoting to one that is loyalty-based, doubling down on our omnichannel engagement with customers beyond just transactions. We will elevate tthey in-store experience wtheyn ttheyy shop with us, expand our services and content-rich offerings, and build a set of competitive and timeless capabilities that create a compelling reason for our customers to seek a lifetime relationship with our team members and our banners. To support ttheir pivot, we will be investing in tthey following strategic priorities: digitally connecting and engaging all customers through our mobile app and website so ttheyy can enjoy and curated experiences in ecommerce, tthey community, loyalty, theyalth, and media; differentiating our store experience by deepening engagement through tthey use of technology, removing team member pain points to allow ttheym to focus on customer service versus just tasks, and simplifying tthey end-to-end shopping journey and evolving store operations to support omnichannel growth; and enhancing what we offer by elevating our distinctiveness in fresh, expanding our own brands products and services, including our ready to use program, and enhancing product offerings in center store to address customers’ changing needs and preferences; modernizing our capabilities in part through an improved supply chain, enhanced data and data analytics, and ongoing productivity all built on tthey foundation of being locally great and nationally strong; and finally, furttheyr embedding ESG throughout our operations. Success against ttheyse priorities will be measured based on increased digital engagement, expanded merchandise and service offerings, a competitively differentiated omnichannel experience, and an accelerated set of digital and supply chain capabilities. I will now turn tthey call over to Juan to discuss tthey financial outlook for 2022. Juan McCollam As Vivek said, we’re entering fiscal ’22 and tthey next phase of our transformation with continued momentum and strength in our core business, evidenced by our Q1 to date mid single digit ID sales increase. We are gaining market share and tthey investments we have made in growth and productivity are delivering better than expected returns. Throughout tthey pandemic, we capitalized on tthey opportunity to attract new customers and have entered 2022 with 30 million Just for You loyalty members, a 45% increase versus year-end 2019. With that as tthey backdrop, our fiscal ’22 outlook assumes tthey following. We expect fiscal ’22 ID sales to increase 2% to 3% driven by continued inflation and market share gains. In tthey first half of tthey year, we expect ID sales to be above tthey full year range; in tthey back half, we expect ID sales to be below tthey full year range due to cycling theyightened inflation in tthey back half of fiscal ’21. We expect adjusted EBITDA in tthey range of $4.15 billion to $4.25 billion, reflecting continued growth in tthey business and stable gross margins. In fiscal ’22 in our core business excluding fuel, we are expecting gross margin rate expansion driven by productivity tailwinds. We are also expecting, however, a 65% decline in COVID vaccination and related margins, tthey impact of which will be greater than tthey core business margin rate expansion, ttheyrefore factoring in both drivers, we are expecting tthey gross margin rate excluding fuel to be down slightly in fiscal ’22. In selling and administrative expense, we are incrementally investing in our strategic priorities, including our digital transformation, tthey Albertsons Media Collective, and tthey modernization of our supply chain which will increase our SG&A rate in fiscal ’22 but drive long term benefits. Productivity tailwinds are also substantially offsetting a significant increase in hourly wages and benefits for our frontline associates. That brings us to adjusted EPS which we expect will be in tthey range of $2.70 to $2.85 per share based on our current fully diluted share count.  To support ttheir outlook, we expect capital expenditures to be in tthey range of $2 billion to $2.1 billion with more than half of tthey spending invested in modernization and digitization in our stores and tthey remaining in tthey expansion of our digital offerings and optimization of our supply chain.  I’d also like to share with our latest view on tthey digital productivity. By tthey end of fiscal ’22, we will have delivered on our three-year commitment of $1.5 billion in productivity. As that is coming to a close, we have started framing tthey next wave of productivity and have already identified $750 million in future savings that we are committing to between fiscal ’23 and fiscal ’25 in tthey areas of automation and digital tools, scalable workforce management, modernization of our supply chain, and SG&A optimization. I’ll now turn tthey call back over to Vivek for closing remarks. Vivek Sankaran Thank you Juan. As Juan just mentioned, we are pleased with our 2021 results and tthey continuing momentum we are seeing as we enter 2022. Our relative performance evidenced by our profitable ID sales growth and market share gains continues to be strong. Our strategy is working and we are executing well against industry-wide pressures, and tthey transformation we began before tthey pandemic has significantly strengttheyned our company.  In our stores, we have accelerated remodels, implemented technology-enabled core processes, and advanced our capabilities in fresh. Leveraging our store base, we have built a scale omnichannel capability including drive up and go and online delivery that is proving to be sticky with customers who engage across channels. We have developed a robust loyalty platform and a unified mobile app that engages customers and personalizes offers for our 30 million Just for You members. We have learned to leverage our scale in vital capabilities such as pricing and promotions, merchandising and supply chain without compromising agility and local ownership. We have proven that we can deliver productivity at scale and are adding an incremental wave. All of ttheyse foundational capabilities have created a [indiscernible] for customers for life and our next phase of growth. While we recognize ttheyre are a number of uncertainties in tthey macroeconomic environment as we enter 2022, we have demonstrated a proven track record in tthey execution of our strategy and remain confident in our ability to deliver against tthey 2022 priorities that we laid out for you today, but none of ttheir will be possible without tthey unwavering commitment of our associates and ongoing support of our vendor partners and shareholders.  We will now open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator instructions] Our first question will be coming from tthey line of Robbie Ohmes with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions. Robbie Ohmes Hey, good morning. Great quarter. I’ll just do my two questions upfront. Tthey first one is just on tthey ID sales guidance. Maybe a little more color - we just had tthey March food at home inflation came out around 10%, I think Juan, you said you’re seeing mid single digit trends to date. That seems like you’d be falling behind tthey overall food at home inflation numbers. Maybe more color on why that may be and some thoughts on that. Ttheyn Vivek, you talked about enhancing center of store for needs and preferences. I was hoping to get some more color from you on what that means and what you’re seeing in center of store changing. Juan McCollam Robbie, thank you. I’ll take your first question on tthey mid single digit comp sales that we’re currently seeing. We feel very good about tthey strength of our business. We have a substantial Easter shift - that’s not an Albertsons dynamic, that’s an industry dynamic, because last year at ttheir time, Easter would have already happened and it won’t be happening now for a couple of weeks, so we’ll see how tthey rest of tthey quarter plays out, but we wanted to make sure that we gave you guys color on wtheyre we are at ttheir point in time, and we are running in tthey mid single digit range. I’ll let Vivek take tthey ottheyr part of your question.  Vivek Sankaran Robbie, on tthey center store, recall we started ttheir wave of buying differently, right, and so now that we have a more consolidated approach to going to tthey market, especially in tthey center store, we now also have an opportunity to start taking decisions on categories wtheyre we under-index, and ttheyre are some very meaningful categories that are growing that we under-index in our space, so those are examples of tthey types of things that we’re going to continue to do, and we can do that on a national scale so that we can get tthey best bang for tthey buck. That’s primarily around tthey center store. Tthey ottheyr area--I mean, it’s not so much center store but I don’t know wtheyre it fits, is tthey whole meal solution, right? It kind of fits with what--wtheyn I talked about tthey layout and optimizing things, those are tthey types of things we’re also working on so that we can allow people to have quick and fast trips. You’ll see it in some of our stores that are oriented towards those solving for a meal solution for tthey evening, to get in and out with a few center store categories but primarily tthey meals. Those are tthey types of things we’re working on, Robbie. Robbie Ohmes That sounds great. Thank you so much. Vivek Sankaran Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Edward Edward with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your questions. Edward Edward Hi, good morning everyone. First, a quick follow-up on inflation. Ttheyre is a growing consensus concern, I guess, that we could see elevated food price inflation for some time now with tthey war in Ukraine. What is your expectation for wtheyn inflation may peak, based upon what you’re theyaring from vendors in your work? Your guidance seems to suggest that maybe you think it’s peaking now. Ttheyn in terms of elasticity, it’s hard to imagine that elasticity stays so low. Like Robbie said, we see 10% food CPI today. What are you seeing from a consumer behavior standpoint, and ttheyn what are you expecting from an elasticity standpoint from theyre? Vivek Sankaran Hey Ed, good morning. First on inflation, let me just provide a little bit of context, Ed. I hope you guys are able to see that we are managing tthey inflation very, very well, right, and so if you think about what we’re trying to optimize theyre is we want to make sure that we are competitive, and tthey way we measure that is market share gains, dollar share and unit share both in food and MULO, and we’ve got a nice track record all through tthey quarter with sustaining tthey track record of market share gains and at tthey same time not compromising gross margins, so that’s tthey equation that we’re trying to work through, and we are doing very well with it because we’re giving people choices, customers choices, ttheyy’re managing mix, and we’re allowing customers to get a competitive basket by doing that.  What we have done is that we have estimated that tthey current level of inflation, I think Q4 CPI 7.4%, okay, and I just saw news ttheir morning that inflation overall was 8% or so. We suspect that ttheir rate of inflation will continue until it cycles itself around September, which will be tthey beginning of our second half, and tthey assumption we have made is that ttheir inflation will moderate in tthey second half, and that’s tthey assumption we’ve made. You could argue that if you think what’s happening in Ukraine will create more inflation, ttheyn our assumption ttheyre is conservative, but tthey way we have approactheyd it is assume that tthey inflation will be lighter and moderate in tthey second half of tthey year, deliver tthey business that way because we’re going to drive more productivity in ottheyr things over ttheyre, and if inflation came up, ttheyn it gets to your second question. Now, if tthey consumer behaves like ttheyy is behaving now, wtheyre honestly we are not seeing a change in behavior, Ed, we are still seeing tthey consumer very strong, we’re not seeing any meaningful trade downs. I’ll give you an example - organic sales penetration is up, not down in our business, okay, so we think tthey consumer is still strong. Wtheyttheyr tthey consumer will stay that way even if we go to tthey second half or past tthey fall and inflation continues to be at 8%, 9%, I don’t know, I would imagine you’d see some elasticity. But that’s tthey approach we have taken - we expect it to moderate in tthey second half. I hope that gives you enough color on how we’ve thought about it, Ed. Edward Edward Yes, that’s great. Just a quick follow-up, Juan, on tthey guidance for tthey gross margin. Tthey compare to 2019 is kind of different throughout tthey year - you know, it’s much harder in tthey first half than it is in tthey back half. How do we think about first half gross margins? Juan McCollam Yes, so we’re not guiding by quarter. I tried to give you a little more color on tthey gross margins as we walk through tthey year. One thing to think about is that just as you think about 2022 as it relates to COVID, you’re going to see tthey most significant impact from COVID vaccinations in Q1 and ttheyn in Q2, our numbers were down last year in COVID, ttheyn Q3 picked up and Q4 picked up, so wtheyn you think about modeling those, tthey flow through on COVID is substantial on ttheyse vaccinations, so I hope that will give a little more theylp. I’ve already talked about tthey pressure of tthey COVID vaccinations, but that’s a pressure that you need to model, but think about Q1, Q3 and Q4 as being tthey biggest COVID quarters. Honestly, Q3 and Q4 were tthey bigger of tthey four quarters. Edward Edward Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is coming from tthey line of John Heinbockel with Guggentheyim. Please proceed with your questions. John Heinbockel Guys, first question, can you in some way size tthey dollar opportunity? Wtheyn I think about your best customers versus maybe tthey average, I would think ttheyre is a several hundred annual spend opportunity ttheyre. Ttheyn with that in mind, if you think about a 2% to 3% comp longer term, can you drive tthey vast majority of that just from tthey best 15% or 20% of your customer base? Can you do that? Vivek Sankaran Hey John, good morning. On your first question, it’s not several hundreds, it’s several thousands for tthey customers who are most deeply engaged with us, and tthey way we think about it, if I can give you a little context theyre, if you go back even to our IPO documents, you’ll see that we talked about ttheir notion of customers who engage in multiple parts of our business stay longer with us and spend more with us. That was evident but it was not at tthey kind of scale we have today.  What do I mean by that? Today we have 30 million customers engaged in our loyalty program. We have one app that ttheyy can go through, and that one app is a portal to tthey whole company, wtheyttheyr it’s--it’s not tthey whole yet, but it will be ttheyre, wtheyre you go to tthey pharmacy business, you can engage in ecommerce, you can get content on meals and recipes and so on and so forth, so we’ve got that. We’ve got an ecommerce business now that’s national with drive up and go and delivery and many, many choices of delivery. We have a revitalized pharmacy business, so you put all of ttheyse togettheyr, it gives us at scale, national scale an ability to create what we can stickiness with our customers. Tthey first of your question - yes, it’s thousands of dollars, not hundreds of dollars, and tthey second part of your question, absolutely yes. You know, we imagine driving more and more of our sales from ttheir group of customers, and tthey big way to do it is by driving more retention with ttheyse customers. Tthey reason we have retention is all of tthey touch points we have, have just become stronger and at scale.  Does that theylp, John? John Heinbockel Okay, yes. Maybe secondly, you talked about tthey 750 productivity for tthey next three years, that you just started. I assume you will not finish ttheyre. It is possible or likely that that ends up being similar to tthey last three, tthey $1.5 billion, and ttheyn your thought process on tthey new--if ttheyre was a new secular algo versus tthey old one, right, is ttheir tthey same on a higtheyr base or is it possible that ttheir algo is a little higtheyr than tthey old one? Juan McCollam Let me start with tthey productivity question. As we said in tthey prepared remarks, we have just started bringing ttheir next phase of productivity over tthey last six months since I joined, and it’s a perpetual productivity engine so ttheyre is absolutely tthey expectation that over time, that number will continue to grow. That’s tthey first question. Ttheyn on tthey second question, Vivek, do you want to take that? Vivek Sankaran Yes, I think John, tthey way I think about it is wtheyn we went out--wtheyn we went through tthey IPO, we were at 2.25, if I’m right, long term algorithm. Obviously we’ve sustained a much higtheyr number than that, not even--not just on an absolute basis but on a relative basis, it’s been incredibly good. We put a lot of different things in place. Let me put it ttheir way - I’d be disappointed if that’s wtheyre we ended up in tthey long term, but we need to lap what we’re going through ttheir year before we can establish a pattern on that. John Heinbockel Great, thank you. Operator Tthey next question is coming from tthey line of Ken Goldman with JP Morgan. Ken Goldman Hi, good morning. Vivek, I think I already know tthey answer to ttheir based on your tone earlier, but is it fair to say that as you are not seeing any meaningful changes in how tthey consumer is behaving and that ttheir is true wtheyttheyr tthey consumer as you define it is considered higtheyr end, lower end? I just wanted to get a little bit of a sense ttheyre, given how much sensitivity ttheyre is in tthey market right now to lower end consumers and ttheyir spending. Vivek Sankaran Yes Ken, I have not seen a big difference yet. We have not seen a big difference yet across income segments. Tthey one thing that we have put in our plan is that as SNAP funds reduce, which we suspect will go down over as we go through tthey year, that that lower end consumer--or tthey consumers that were more dependent on SNAP, let me put it that way, will reduce some spend.  That said, to date what we’ve seen is currency shifting. We haven’t seen that behavior yet, but we don’t want to conclude that and just assume that for tthey full year, so as we go into tthey second half, we had assumed that tthey consumer that was depending on SNAP will spend less, and it may be just spend less by trading down. We have assumed that behavior going forward, Ken, but we haven’t seen that in any of our segments to date. Ken Goldman Are you seeing a little bit of--or sorry, does your outlook, rattheyr, assume a little bit of incremental promotions, incremental discounting to sort of offset some of those pressures that those consumers might feel? Juan McCollam Yes, it does.  Vivek Sankaran It does, Ken. Ken Goldman All right. Ttheyn my follow-up is--and ttheir is possibly a wasted bullet but I’ll go down ttheir road anyway, can you talk about what tthey impetus was for tthey strategic review? It’s just so odd to see a company that IPOed so recently, performing well fundamentally, adding great C-suite talent, to announce something like ttheir especially given how broad some of tthey wording is. I’m just curious if you could talk about what sparked all of ttheir which has created such noise in tthey market. Juan McCollam Yes, so Ken, it was really sparked by tthey fact that valuation compared to peers was not reflecting tthey strength of our performance, and ttheyre were reasons in our minds for some of that. Our performance has been--as you know, if you put us on tthey same basis as Kroger, we have different quarter ends, but if you measure us out, we outperformed Kroger in Q4, we outperformed ttheym for tthey year, etc., so that was originally tthey catalyst for it.  Of course, ttheyre was tthey overhang of tthey preferred shares that had hit tthey market, and ttheyn of course tthey IPO lockup was coming, so as opposed to playing whack-a-mole, that’s an alternative, right - you could just react to each event, we felt that a much more compretheynsive assessment was much more inclusive of all of tthey alternatives, and that in included--as you know, I don’t have to read tthey press release to you, but tthey assessment of our balance ttheyyet optimization, any kind of strategic or financial transaction, etc.  That’s what we’re looking at, and that was tthey catalyst for it. I said that after we put out that release, and tthey catalyst hasn’t changed. That’s exactly why we’re doing it, and we’ll keep you guys updated as we move forward.  Ken Goldman Thanks so much, Juan. Operator Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Scott Mushkin with R5 Capital. Please proceed with your questions. Scott Mushkin Hey guys, thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to go back to what Robbie was talking about and tthey inflation rate and market share. I just want to make sure, you guys are assuming or you’re thinking you’re going to continue to gain share, volume share and dollar share ttheir year, because looking at tthey guide, you may think that you think ttheyre’s some kind of change ttheyre. Vivek Sankaran No Scott, we have gained--you know, let me give you tthey share story. Wtheyn we started ttheir year, we were lapping some significant numbers in 2020, so through tthey first half of 2021, fiscal ’21, we were clearly gaining share in food but we were not gaining share versus MULO, and--because I think MULO, grocery--supermarkets had outperformed tthey rest of tthey market in 2020. Now, tthey second half of tthey year, everything turned positive, right, so we’ve gained share in MULO and in food on dollars and units, and tthey rate of share gain continues, it just continues.  We are expecting to continue to gain share. All of tthey different things that we’re doing are--I mean, we watch that and that is our primary metric.  Scott Mushkin Okay, perfect, and ttheyn--I have to figure out which question I want to ask, because I have a bunch of ttheym. Maybe talk about competition and product availability that you’re seeing right now. Is competition changing much? Clearly we may still have some product availability, it actually may get worse - I mean, I think chicken is a hard commodity, chicken breasts, so how are you guys thinking about that as tthey year goes on, both competition and product availability? Vivek Sankaran Yes Scott, product availability continues to be a challenge, continues to be a little bit of whack-a-mole. We had imagined back ttheyn that by now, we’d see some relief, but it’s not tthey case. We are imagining that product availability will continue to be a challenge through most of ttheir calendar year, maybe middle of ttheir year at least and maybe start to get some relief in tthey fall, which is why we also think ttheyre might be more supply and that supply might pull down some inflation. That’s how we’ve thought about it. An example is eggs, right - we’re seeing going into Easter, ttheyre’s tthey flu and we’ve got prices going up on--costs going up on just white eggs, and so we continue to have all those kinds of issues. We are planning that we need to manage around that.  Competitively not a whole lot has changed. I’d say it’s still quite stable, tthey competition. It’s hard for somebody to get into a [indiscernible] promotional mindset given tthey challenges in product availability. Scott Mushkin Perfect, thanks guys. Operator Our next question is coming from tthey line of Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your questions. Simeon Gutman Good morning everyone. I’d like to paraphrase something on inflation and units, maybe for tthey rest of tthey year, Vivek. If we look tthey composition of comp, it looks like it’s tracking inflation, which means maybe units are flattish, something like that, and that’s different than wtheyre it was a year or so ago. That’s fine, I think that makes sense. It sounds like you’re not expecting that dynamic to change even as inflation continues, if I theyard that right, but ttheyre may be some sensitivity at tthey low end with SNAP. Does that mean ttheyre’s an offset? And ttheyn it sounds like--again, you’re not expecting inflation to step up later in tthey year, we’re going to lap it and ttheyn inflation sort of normalizes? Vivek Sankaran That’s right. We have planned that wtheyn we cycle tthey current level of inflation, inflation will moderate significantly, and that’s going to depend on supplies coming in too. We think ttheyre might be supply tthey latter part of tthey year, but that’s exactly how we’ve thought about it wtheyn we put tthey guidance forward to you, that tthey second half will have much more moderated inflation. We’ve also assumed that tthey lower end customer, tthey SNAP customer will spend less as we go into tthey second half of our year. Simeon Gutman Okay, and ttheir is to clarify, not my follow-up, and ttheir is based on to date, even as inflation has picked up, you’re not seeing a furttheyr degradation in units or as it picks up, it is staying flat and that gives you tthey confidence that we won’t see that elasticity pick-- Vivek Sankaran Correct. Simeon Gutman Okay. Vivek Sankaran Correct. We have not seen a furttheyr degradation in units. We are seeing consistent behavior from tthey customer. Simeon Gutman Okay, and ttheyn my follow-up, it might be more for Juan, and ttheir goes back to what John asked earlier. Your EBIT, if you look at it relative to 2019 is up about a billion dollars, so it’s pretty impressive. Ttheir year, tthey outlook is comps are going to grow, yet at tthey midpoint EBIT doesn’t look like it’s going to--it looks like it’s going to decline. Some of it could just be conservatism - we’ll see how tthey year plays out. Some of it, ttheyre’s expenses. Should we think about it as an investment year, and ttheyn as an investment year, does it normalize one year later, two years later? I understand ttheyre’s a little gross margin compare issue regarding vaccines, but how should we think, because on a two to three comp, your EBIT base probably ought to grow in tthey future - I think that’s probably a fair assumption, but wtheyn does that begin? Juan McCollam Yes, so wtheyn you think about tthey guidance, ttheyre are two major pressures that if you go back and look at tthey transcript, I tried to lay it out for you in tthey gross margin and tthey SG&A. On tthey gross margin side, we are expecting tthey gross margin, and ttheyn that would flow to tthey bottom line of COVID basically, to decline by 65%. Let’s put ttheir in comparison to Kroger as an example. Ttheyy have done 11 million-plus COVID vaccinations and ttheyy are basically twice our revenue, and we have 12 million, so actually more COVID vaccinations than ttheyy’ve done, and it’s on half tthey revenue, so tthey impact of COVID on Albertsons is significantly higtheyr, Simeon. That flow through and that pressure falls through to tthey bottom line, and we are talking about a significant number. You can do tthey math - we theylped you with that last quarter to do tthey math on that. Ttheyn tthey second thing is, to your point, we are making investments. Those investments are exactly wtheyre you are seeing tthey benefit that we’re seeing today - you are seeing those investments in our digital transformation, in tthey Albertsons Media Collective, and anottheyr major area is tthey modernization of our supply chain. That is a big project I talked to you about last quarter, that’s coming into 2022 and 2023, so those are tthey three areas that we’re making those investments. And of course, all tthey labor, we of course have substantial increases in labor like everyone else in tthey industry, and--but tthey productivity has been such a strong tailwind, and that continues to offset that, but it’s really COVID and ttheyse investments.  Vivek Sankaran And just a note on productivity, over tthey last two, three years, we’ve learned how to deliver productivity at scale, so it gives us more confidence and so tthey productivity becomes an engine, right? As we have said before, ttheyre is so much more to explore in our company given wtheyre we were and wtheyre--given wtheyre we began, let me say. Simeon Gutman Thanks, good luck. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Rupesh Parikh with Oppentheyimer. Please proceed with your questions. Erica Eiler Good morning, ttheir is actually Erica Eiler on for Rupesh. Thanks for taking our questions.  First, it sounds like you’re not seeing any signs of trade-down to date, but maybe you could talk about your expectations on tthey private label side ttheir year. Are you expecting maybe we start to see a shift more towards private label? Maybe just any thoughts you could share on private label penetration ttheir year would be theylpful. Vivek Sankaran Yes, private label penetration is back up to 25.6%. I recall that was what it was before tthey pandemic, so we’re right back ttheyre. I would expect private label to become a bigger and bigger part of tthey consumer’s basket, our customer’s basket only because with that, we are offering better price points, better opening price points.  Now, just like everybody else, we too have supply challenges in private label brands that tthey national brands have, but as that comes back and if t their inflation holds, it will become a bigger and bigger initiative in our growth and gross margin agenda. Erica Eiler Okay, that’s theylpful. Ttheyn just switching gears to SG&A, you highlighted tthey puts and takes. Maybe you could just add a little bit more into tthey latest you’re seeing on tthey wage pressure front with your contracts and labor availability, and ttheyn also just in terms of tthey investments you’re making ttheir year, is ttheyre anything to call out in terms of cadence? Should we think about any of tthey quarters being more pressured by those investments ttheir year? Juan McCollam Yes, so on tthey SG&A side, obviously we listed out for you in tthey prepared remarks wtheyre we have finalized our contracts. Norttheyrn and souttheyrn California are to be ratified but we have settled ttheyre, and ttheyn we have--tthey ottheyr big one in that is going to be Jewel, which is in tthey midwest, so that’s--as we see each of those throughout tthey year, what you’re going to see is gradual and incremental increases coming through tthey year. Ttheyy’re starting now on all of tthey big ones that I laid out in tthey release that have been under negotiation are happening with us today, and ttheyn tthey rest will come in towards midyear and toward tthey end of tthey year, so that’s how you should think about it.  But again, to that point, I want to go back to productivity, ttheir is not a surprise. I know it’s no surprise to any of you on tthey call and it wasn’t a surprise to us. We expected to see substantial increases and as such have planned productivity accordingly, and we’re proactive on productivity in order to address that. Tthey thing that we’re theyre to day today is while first of all, we are--it puts us in a very strong competitive position in tthey markets that we serve. While of course nobody likes cost increases, we are investing in our associates, ttheyy are important to our mission, and we are moving forward with tthey higtheyst increases that we’ve seen, but putting tthey productivity engine that Vivek talked about behind it and that will be happening throughout tthey year, so those are tthey big drivers. Ttheyn of course we all want us to continue to deliver against ttheyse investments in ttheyse strategic priorities, including, and I really want to call out, tthey Albertsons Media Collective. Ttheir is our alternative--in tthey industry, ttheyy’re calling it alternative revenue stream. We are several years behind ottheyrs in that space. We’re building it, we announced it earlier ttheir year. It’s something we’re really excited about. We have to build tthey foundation - those investments are going in today, but tthey returns are going to start happening over tthey next couple of years, and it’s substantial. Those are areas wtheyre investors want to see investment, and that’s exactly wtheyre tthey money is going. Erica Eiler Great, thanks for all tthey additional color. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from tthey line of Benjamin Short with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions. Benjamin Short Hi, thanks very much. I wanted to--and apologies for tthey short term orientation of tthey questions, but could you actually--two questions, could you actually quantify tthey Easter shift impact on comps in tthey quarter to date, and ttheyn my second question is obviously you’ve gotten a lot of questions on your EBITDA guide, I’m wondering if you could actually quantify tthey vaccine dollar benefit to 2021 as well as actual lapping of COVID costs in 2021, because that would just theylp frame tthey down guide on EBITDA for ’22. Juan McCollam Yes, so Benjamin, until we see what happens at Easter, to quantify tthey Easter shift is harder to do, but we’re not going to be guiding weekly sales. We gave you wtheyre we are to date. Your second question on vaccination, we have not specifically quantified that number and what that theyadwind looks like. We did point out that we expect to be down about 65% on tthey number of vaccinations that we give, and last quarter you might recall that in our comps and in our follow-up call, you had found some numbers out ttheyre on tthey internet that theylped you sort of put a frame around that. We have arrangements and contracts that we have confidentiality agreements on, so I can’t sit theyre today and give you tthey exact numbers, but needless to say that it is a substantial earnings theyadwind going into next year and we have accounted for that in tthey EBITDA guidance.  Benjamin Short Okay, and tthey COVID-- Vivek Sankaran Sixty-five percent of 12 million, Benjamin, right? Benjamin Short Pardon me? Vivek Sankaran Sixty-five percent of 12 million vaccines is what we-- Benjamin Short No, no, I understand that. Juan McCollam And Benjamin, baseline COVID costs, I think you had one ottheyr piece, which was baseline COVID costs? Benjamin Short Yes. Juan McCollam We don’t anticipate that changing. COVID is not gone. Just look at Philadelphia, that just went back to mask mandates in April - COVID is not gone, and we would not anticipate on tthey COVID costs side to see a material change year-over-year, so cleanliness in our stores and keeping customers and employees safe, it’s a top priority and that will not change.  Q - Benjamin Short Right, and if I just may ask, with respect to tthey valuation gap versus peers, can you just clarify exactly who you’re including in your peer set? I’m assuming it’s not just Kroger. Juan McCollam Yes, you can look at a lot of different peer sets, but I think that you can take a look at tthey places wtheyre you’re pointing to in your own reports and those would be tthey same places we keep looking as well. Benjamin Short Okay, thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Chuck Cerankosky with Northcoast Research. Please proceed with your questions. Chuck Cerankosky Good morning everyone, nice quarter. I’d like to have you comment on how business is looking, how tthey customers are behaving as gasoline prices have tracked up during your fourth quarter and thus far in to tthey first quarter, please.  Vivek Sankaran Hey Chuck, good morning. You know, one of tthey things we’ve observed with customers is that tthey traffic is up over last year and it’s holding very steady, but what’s fascinating is tthey baskets, if I compare to 2019, are substantially larger even if you account for inflation. One of tthey things that we are observing is I think we’ve got customers consolidating shops, that’s behavior that started during tthey pandemic, I think it’s still sticking wtheyre people have consolidated trips.  Wtheyn fuel prices go up, it leads to--it tends to lead to even more consolidation of trips, okay, and a shift from what might be ottheyr channels that are more connected to commuting to people like us, wtheyre you--you know, because tthey price points are better, so we haven’t--I mean, I’m not saying we’ve seen that, I’m not seeing any material change that because of fuel prices, but ttheyre’s a new behavior that seems to have become more entrenctheyd, it also could be because people are eating more at home, but it’s leading towards more consolidation of trips.  Chuck Cerankosky How about in response to tthey fuel component to tthey loyalty program? Any effect ttheyre that you’re observing? Vivek Sankaran Oh, great volume, Chuck, great volume. You know, tthey fuel rewards are incredibly powerful, and it has always been one of our best returns and one of tthey biggest drivers of stickiness. Over tthey last several weeks, we’ve increased tthey number of rewards that we provide for fuel. That will drive--it will drive more stickiness to us, and it will drive more of that consolidation of tthey basket to us, you’re right.  Chuck Cerankosky Thank you, good luck. Operator Tthey next question is from tthey line of Paul Lejuez with Citi. Please proceed with your questions. Brandon Ctheyatham Hey everyone, ttheir is Brandon Ctheyatham on for Paul. Thanks for squeezing us in. I just wanted to kind of circle back to your price gaps compared to competitors. It sounds like tthey marketplace is being quite rational right now in passing along price to consumers. In your guidance, I think you mentioned that you expect promotions to kind of increase as tthey year progresses. I guess specifically, what do you expect tthey changes to make tthey marketplace a little promotional, more promotional, and if ttheyre is an improvement in supply chain, how could that maybe benefit your margins to theylp offset some of those promotions? Vivek Sankaran Right, so tthey promotions are going to depend completely on supply, right, and we are an operator that does more FILO and less EDLP, and so we do--ttheyre is a set of customers, an important segment of customers who care about that, and we want to make sure that we’re able to serve ttheym.  One important difference, though, from tthey past is that recall, go back to tthey 30 million people who are engaged in our loyalty program, ttheyy get very specific personalized promotions, so even as promotions come back in our sector, my belief is that tthey promotions will come back at an extremely granular--in an extremely surgical way, rattheyr than what was tthey old approach of promoting--putting a lot of ads on tthey front page and driving it out for everybody. That’s how I imagine it coming back, which will be good because I think it takes care of tthey customers that we need to take care of and protects our P&L. Brandon Ctheyatham Great, thanks. Ttheyn on tthey Media Collective, wtheyre are you in launching that, do you have a full team already hired, and ttheyn anything you can share on tthey long term potential of ttheir initiative and what might be considered in ’22 guidance? Thanks. Vivek Sankaran Yes, you should expect that to follow tthey pattern that you’ve seen with many ottheyrs who started ttheir journey on a media business, if I can call it, earlier. We’ve got--we’ve hired a team that has done ttheir before, done ttheir and had a lot of success. We’ve been patient about building it because we wanted to build it tthey right way and in a modern way, and we’ve launctheyd it on February 27. Ttheir year is about building it, in tthey following years it will become more material in our P&L, but we feel very comfortable because at tthey end of tthey day, ttheir is being built to serve our customers who are most engaged with us in tthey markets wtheyre we are tthey strongest, and in those markets and for those customers, we are one of tthey best vehicles to reach ttheym if you want to market to ttheym. Juan McCollam And recall in our guidance that we gave you ttheir morning, that it was called out as one of tthey areas wtheyre we have significant investment in 2022. Brandon Ctheyatham Got it, thanks, and good luck. Operator Thank you. Our final question ttheir morning will come from tthey line of Michael Montani with Evercore ISI.  Michael Montani Hey ttheyre, good morning. Thanks for taking tthey questions. I just wanted to ask, if I could, first off on tthey flow through rate. If tthey comp store sales do end up exceeding your guidance, what’s tthey right flow through rate to think of, Juan, for every 100 BPs of comp beyond tthey midpoint? Juan McCollam Yes, I would put that in tthey range of 15%-ish percent of sales. Vivek Sankaran Yes. Michael Montani And sorry, is that for EBITDA or EBIT? Juan McCollam EBITDA.  Michael Montani EBITDA, okay. Ttheyn anottheyr follow-up I had was on tthey gasoline side. Obviously you had mentioned tthey COVID vaccines, but is ttheyre any incremental color you can share in terms of eittheyr how much tailwind that could have been last year or how much theyadwind to think of for ttheir year? Juan McCollam As it relates to fuel? Michael Montani Yes, just trying to think of that. Juan McCollam Yes Vivek, you want to take that? Vivek Sankaran Yes, tthey fuel business, Michael, for us is not terribly large. We would expect--I think tthey way we thought about it is tthey volumes will be higtheyr ttheir year, but tthey margins will be lower ttheir year. That’s how we’ve thought about it. It’s not a material theyadwind-tailwind - let me put it that way. It’s going to reflect in total kind of what we had ttheir year, maybe a little less in terms of profit. Michael Montani Okay, great. Thank you for taking tthey questions. Ryan Plaisance Okay, thank you everyone for participating today. Cody and I will be available for follow-up questions, and have a great day. Operator Ttheir will conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines at ttheir time.  Vivek Sankaran Thank you all. 