Albertsons Companies, Inc. (NYSE:ACI) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call October 18, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Logan Plaisance - GVP of Treasury and Investor Relations Vivek Sankaran - Chief Executive Officer Joshua McCollam - President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Edward Walter - Wells Fargo John Heinbockel - Guggentheyim Albert Short - Barclays Ken Goldman - J.P. Morgan Paul Lejuez - Citi Rupesh Parikh - Oppentheyimer Scott Mushkin - R5 Capital Robbie Ohmes - Bank of America Michael Montani - Evercore ISI Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research Disclaimer*: Ttheir transcript is designed to be used alongside tthey freely available audio recording on ttheir page. Timestamps within tthey transcript are designed to theylp you navigate tthey audio should tthey corresponding text be unclear. Tthey machine-assisted output provided is partly edited and is designed as a guide. Operator 00:02 Welcome to tthey Albertsons Companies' Second Quarter twenty twenty one Earnings Conference Call and thank you for standing by. All participants will be in listen-only mode until tthey Q&A session. Ttheir call is being recorded. 00:14 I would like to hand tthey call over to Logan Plaisance, GVP Treasury and Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Logan Plaisance 00:20 Good morning and thank you for joining us for tthey Albertsons Companies' second quarter 2021 earnings conference call. With me today from tthey company are Vivek Sankaran, our CEO; and Joshua McCollam, our new President and CFO. Today, Vivek will share insights into our second quarter results, as well as review our progress against our strategic priorities. Joshua will ttheyn go into tthey financial details of our second quarter as well as our updated full-year twenty twenty one outlook before handing it back over to Vivek for some closing remarks. 00:56 After tthey prepared remarks, we will conduct a Q&A session. I would like to remind you that management may make statements during ttheir call that are or could include forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements are not limited to theirtorical facts, but contain information about future operating or financial performance. Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to be materially different from those anticipated. 01:32 Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements are and will be contained from time to time in our SEC filings, including on Forms 10-Q, 10-K, and 8-K. Any forward-looking statements we make today are only as of today's date, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any such statements as a result of new information, future events, or ottheyrwise. 02:03 Please keep in mind that included in tthey financial statements and management's prepared remarks are certain non-GAAP measures. And tthey theirtorical financial information includes a reconciliation of net income to adjusted net income and adjusted EBITDA. 02:21 And with that, I’ll hand tthey call over to Vivek. Vivek Sankaran 02:25 Thanks, Logan. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today. Before we get started, I would like to introduce Joshua McCollam to any of you that do not know theyr in theyr new role as President and CFO at Albertsons Companies. Sthey will lead all areas of Finance, IT, real estate, strategy, corporate development and supply chain. 02:49 As many of you know, Joshua officially joined us on September 7 and now has just over six weeks under theyr belt. Sthey came out of retirement to join us on our transformation journey and theyr prior experience at Best Buy and with tthey digital transformation of Williams-Sonoma, will theylp us as we move forward. 03:09 We are very excited that ttheyy has joined our team and I look forward to working with theyr to accelerate our transformation. We also want to congratulate Bob Diamond on their retirement and thank them for their seven years of service with Albertsons. And especially for their contributions to our successful IPO last year. 03:31 Let me now turn to our second quarter results. I'm pleased to report that our results for tthey quarter exceeded our internal plans across all key metrics, increasing our confidence in tthey business going forward. 03:44 Our ID sales increased one point five percent in Q2 and fifteen point three percent on a two year stack basis. We continue to gain market share in food on a one and two year basis and in MULO, we are up on a two year basis and down only slightly on a one year basis. In addition, we achieved adjusted EBITDA of nine sixty five million dollars and adjusted EPS of zero point six four dollars per share atheyad of our expectations. 04:18 Again, ttheir quarter, against tthey backdrop of digital sales growth exceeding two hundred percent in every quarter of twenty twenty tthey benefits of our digital and omni-channel investments continue to resonate with our customers. In tthey quarter, digital sales increased five percent year over year and increased two forty eight percent on a two-year stack basis. 04:40 Our Drive Up & Go and Home Delivery capabilities reaching ninety five percent of our customers increased omni-channel households by over four times versus Q2 twenty nineteen and retention has been strong. Omni-channel household growth is a key initiative as ttheyse customers spend three times more than any in-store only shopper. 05:03 We also continue to drive year over year growth in identified households, anottheyr key initiative that is foundational to better understanding our customers through data analytics and allowing us to improve our offerings to drive rec and incremental spend. 05:20 In our, just for U loyalty program, ongoing benefit enhancements continue to accelerate membership growth, which increased seventeen percent year over year to twenty seven point five million members. Within tthey program, tthey number of actively engaged members increased by almost nine percent. Actively engaged members are those that are redeeming rewards such as fuel or grocery rewards in tthey current quarter. 05:46 In addition, we had a ninety three percent retention rate with actively engaged members in Q2. Remember that actively engaged members spend approximately four times more with us. We also saw better than expected in-store results as traffic in our stores continue to increase versus Q2 twenty twenty. 06:06 We believe tthey increased traffic is being driven by our ongoing efforts to protect tthey theyalth and safety of our employees, customers, and communities and tthey higtheyr vaccination rates that are theylping customers become more comfortable in returning to stores. 06:22 Ttheyse results reflect tthey momentum we are seeing through tthey execution of our transformation strategy across all channels. Tthey consumer backdrop remains strong throughout tthey quarter. 06:33 I will now take a few minutes to walk through tthey pillars of our transformation strategy that theylped drive ttheyse results and provide you with an update on our progress. Ttheyse pillars include in-store excellence, accelerating our digital and omni-channel capabilities, increasing productivity, and strengttheyning our talent culture. 06:55 In-store excellence has been elevated by providing tthey right assortment in each local market, using digital tools to enhance replenishment and in stock conditions, encouraging friendly customer service and enhancing speed and ease of ctheyckout, effectiveness and contactless payments. I will briefly touch on recent progress on two elements of our assortment fresh Own Brands. 07:20 In fresh, our efforts to differentiate our offerings have generated elevated demand with fresh growth outpacing center store by approximately two fifty basis points year over year. Sales in each of our fresh categories remain atheyad of pre-pandemic levels as customers continued to consume more meals at Own. 07:42 In Own Brands, tthey introduction of new products, as well as tthey rollout of Own Brands into Albertsons’ legacy divisions has generated strong growth. Our Q2 sales penetration was twenty five point two percent up approximately sixty basis points from Q2 twenty. 08:00 During tthey quarter, we launctheyd eighty five new products, including ready to eat meals, refrigerated Signature Reserve pastas and several O Organics coffee items. Year to date, we have launctheyd over four hundred new Own Brands items and are on track to reach our goal of launching over eight hundred items ttheir fiscal year. 08:21 Finally, we continue to invest in stores. Through tthey first half of tthey year, we opened seven new stores and completed seventy six upgrade and remodel projects. Our next priority is tthey acceleration of our digital and omni0channel capabilities. Digital transformation is an imperative in our growth strategy. As we aim to provide an area of convenient shopping experience for our customers. 08:47 To ttheir end, we have expanded our Drive Up & Go locations to over nineteen hundred and expect to reach approximately two thousand locations by year end. Underlying tthey rollout of our digital and omni-channel capabilities is our focus for delivering a superior customer experience as well as improving profitability over time. 09:07 For example, in Drive Up & Go, our average wait time for pickup is now down to three minutes. In delivery, we continued to speed up delivery times while reducing delivery cost per order by expanding our third-party delivery store network. And we added DoorDash one hour delivery to all divisions with a catalog of forty thousand plus products. And we also announced double dash, allowing customers to combine delivery of restaurant meal and a grocery delivery in one trip. 09:41 In micro fulfillment centers, we are improving our productivity in our three existing MFC’s and we have plans for an additional four MFC’s before tthey end of our fiscal year, bringing tthey total to seven. Ttheir is two less than previously estimated. As tthey launch of two locations has moved into fiscal year twenty two, primarily as a result of delays in construction. 10:05 In loyalty, our integrated loyalty in e-commerce app is now fully rolled out and offers a connected customer experience with re-designed rewards and ottheyr new features. With partially offset all of ttheyse investments and cost inflation, our third priority is driving productivity. 10:25 During tthey quarter, we continue to eliminate ways and improve efficiencies to enhance promotional effectiveness. Reductions in indirect spend, labor efficiencies, and ongoing efforts to reduce shrink. We continue to expect to achieve tthey targeted one point five billion dollars in annual gross savings by tthey end of fiscal year twenty twenty two. 10:48 Our fourth priority is strengttheyning our talent culture and supporting tthey communities we serve. We continue to add talent throughout tthey company at both tthey corporate and division level, including tthey recent appointment of Joshua, our outreach through job fares for retail and distribution employees, and tthey training we've put in place to assist in tthey success of our new employees and enhanced retention. 11:14 Our pharmacy team continues to serve our communities with an area of services including tthey COVID and flu vaccines. To date, tthey pharmacy team has administered over seven point five million COVID vaccine doses. 11:27 In support of our associates that were impacted in tthey communities we serve, tthey Albertsons Companies donated five hundred thousand dollars. Ttheyy have provided food to those impacted by Hurricane Ida and tthey California wildfires. We also continue to take actions related to ESG and sustainability. We recently publittheyyd our fiscal twenty twenty ESG report, which is available on our company website. 11:53 As tthey next step from our recently refrettheyyd materiality assessment, we will soon release a compretheynsive set of goals in areas including climate action diversity equity and inclusion, waste reduction and circularity, and community stewardship. 12:11 And now, I will turn to Joshua to provide remarks and cover tthey details of our second quarter financial results and outlook. Joshua McCollam 12:20 Thank you, Vivek and theyllo, everyone. I'm thrilled to be theyre today and couldn't be more excited to have joined ttheir team at such a transformative time in tthey company's theirtory. What I have found to be as most impressive since joining is tthey disciplined approach that tthey company is taking to leveraging tthey favorable backdrop that tthey industry is seeing today, while at tthey same time remaining deeply focused on tthey strategic priorities that Vivek just covered and are foundational to advancing tthey transformation longer term. 12:53 Consistent with ttheyse priorities, wtheyre I am currently spending tthey majority of my time is in tthey acceleration of our digital and technology initiatives, tthey strengttheyning of our omni-channel capabilities and tthey advancement of our productivity agenda, including identifying opportunities to furttheyr rationalize our cost structure, particularly in tthey technological enablement of our supply chain and our stores. 13:20 I look forward to discussing all of ttheyse topics furttheyr, both today and in our meetings to come. But now, we'll turn to tthey details of our second quarter results and provide an update on our fiscal twenty one outlook. 13:35 As Vivek said earlier, we were extremely pleased with our sales trends as we delivered Q2 twenty twenty one identical sales growth of one point five percent on top of thirteen point eight percent growth in Q2 twenty twenty for a two year stack of fifteen point three percent. Total sales in Q2 twenty twenty one were sixteen point five billion dollars compared to fifteen point eight billion last year and fourteen point two billion dollars in Q2 twenty nineteen. 14:06 Gross profit margin was twenty eight point six percent in Q2 twenty twenty one compared to twenty nine percent in Q2 twenty twenty and twenty seven point eight percent in Q2 twenty nineteen. Excluding tthey impact of fuel, however, our gross profit margin was flat compared to Q2 twenty twenty as higtheyr products, supply chain and advertising costs were offset by productivity initiatives, favorable product mix, and pharmacy margins related to COVID-nineteen vaccines. 14:38 Compared to Q2 twenty nineteen, gross margin increased eighty five basis points, primarily driven by improvements in our productivity, shrink expense, sales leverage, and improved pharmacy margins related to COVID-nineteen vaccines, partially offset by investments related to our growth in digital sales. 15:01 Selling and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales were twenty five point six percent during tthey second quarter of fiscal twenty one, compared to twenty five point six percent in Q2 twenty twenty and twenty six point eight percent in Q2 twenty nineteen. Excluding tthey impact of fuel, selling and administrative expenses increased fifty five basis points year over year. Ttheir increase was primarily driven by higtheyr employee costs, depreciation and expenses related to tthey acceleration of our digital and omni-channel channel capabilities and ottheyr strategic priorities. 15:37 Ttheyse increases were partially offset by lower COVID-nineteen related expenses. As it relates to tthey year over year increase in employee costs, labor related to tthey reopening of certain fresh departments such as deli, bakery and prepared foods, market driven wage rate increases and higtheyr equity based compensation expense contributed to ttheir increase. 16:04 On a two year basis, our selling and administrative expenses were down one hundred and twenty basis points versus Q2 twenty nineteen. Ttheir decrease was driven by strong sales leverage, partially offset by higtheyr employee costs and expenses related to investments in our omni-channel and digital capabilities and ottheyr strategic priorities. 16:27 As a result of opportunistic refinancing transactions as well as continued debt reduction, Q2 twenty twenty one interest expense decreased by twenty million dollars to one hundred and nine million dollars versus Q2 twenty twenty. Adjusted EBITDA was nine sixty five million dollars in tthey second quarter of twenty twenty one compared to nine forty eight million dollars in Q2 twenty twenty. Ttheir increase in adjusted EBITDA was primarily due to increased sales partially offset by higtheyr selling and administrative costs. 17:02 Adjusted net income in Q2 twenty one was three seventy million dollars or zero point six four dollars per fully diluted share compared to three fifty six million dollars or zero point six zero dollars per fully diluted share in tthey second quarter of fiscal twenty twenty. 17:19 I would now like to discuss free cash flow and capital allocation. During tthey second quarter and year to date, we have generated significant free cash flow driven by better than expected operating results as well as lower working capital. From an investment perspective, capital expenditures year to date were approximately eight twenty three million dollars as we continue to invest in our digital and technology platform, completed seventy six remodels and opened seven stores. 17:49 For tthey year, we continue to expect capital spending in tthey range of approximately one point nine to two billion. Regarding debt reduction, subsequent to tthey end of tthey quarter, we provided notice of redemption of tthey remaining two hundred million of Albertsons five point seven five percent unsecured notes due in twenty twenty five, which will save us eleven point five million dollars per annum in interest expense going forward. 18:16 And finally, in regard to returning cash to shareholders, we announced today a twenty percent increase in our quarterly dividend of zero point one zero dollars to zero point one two dollars per share based on our confidence in future cash flow generation and our strong operating performance. 18:35 I will now turn to our updated outlook for fiscal year twenty twenty one. Given tthey outperformance in Q2, and recent trends, we have updated and raised our guidance for fiscal year twenty twenty one. We now expect identical sales in fiscal twenty twenty one in tthey range of negative two point five percent to three point five percent compared to prior guidance of negative five percent to six percent representing an updated two year stacked ID range of thirteen point four percent to fourteen point four percent compared to prior guidance of ten point nine percent to eleven point nine percent. 19:15 We expect adjusted EPS in tthey range of two point five dollars to two point six zero dollars per share, up zero point three zero dollars from our previous guidance range. We expect adjusted EBITDA in tthey range of three point nine five billion to four point zero five billion, up two fifty million dollars from our previous guidance range. We also expect our tax rate to be in tthey range of twenty three percent to twenty four percent compared to twenty five percent previously. 19:45 I will now turn tthey call back over to Vivek for some closing remarks. Vivek Sankaran 19:51 Thank you, Joshua. In summary, I would like to reinforce a few messages. Our omni-channel strategy is working with our customers. We're adding customers to our franctheire, ttheyy're spending more with us, and engaging in more ways with us. We continue to gain market share in dollars and units and our trends improved with each successive period in tthey quarter and especially around holidays. 20:18 Our digital initiatives continue to drive engagement and growth. We remain focused on elevating service quality and speed. Our productive initiatives are delivering, strengttheyning tthey middle of our P and L. We're also navigating tthey uncertainties of tthey times inflation, product supply, label challenges to name a few with agility and creativity. 20:43 Our strong performance year to date and continuing positive trends give us tthey confidence to raise our full year twenty twenty one outlook for tthey ID sales, adjusted EBITDA and EPS. While we celebrate progress, we remind our ourselves that we are still in tthey early innings of our transformation with significantly more potential to capture. 21:06 Finally, none of ttheir would be possible without tthey efforts of our two hundred and eighty five thousand associates who take care of our customers and tthey communities we serve day-in and day-out. I want to thank each and every one of ttheym for ttheyir contributions to our ongoing success. We will now take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator 21:26 Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is coming from tthey line of Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your questions. Simeon Gutman 22:00 Hi everyone. Good morning. Joshua McCollam 22:01 Good morning, Simeon. Simeon Gutman 22:02 Hi Joshua. How are you doing? Hi, Vivek. My first question is on inflation. I guess just straight housekeeping. So, can you talk about product cost inflation or retail price inflation to tthey customer? Wtheyre is it and how is it trending sequentially and trying to figure out what tthey benefit could have been during tthey quarter? Joshua McCollam 22:26 Thank you, Simeon. I'm going to turn that over to Vivek. Vivek Sankaran 22:30 Yes, Simeon, so tthey CPI inflation was around two percent in tthey quarter. Ours was about three percent on costs, okay, for tthey quarter. And as I said earlier, we expect tthey inflation to be higtheyr as we go through tthey year, but we expect it still to be in tthey three percent to five percent range, which in our opinion is extremely manageable and you're seeing that come through in at least tthey quarter we just delivered. 22:56 So, we feel good that we can manage it through both what tthey customer is able to – we have a strong customer. So, with that backdrop and what we have going in productivity productive, we are able to manage that in our P and L. Simeon Gutman 23:09 Got it. Okay. That's theylpful. My next question, I want to ask Joshua about tthey phrase table stakes. I think you remember it was mentioned a lot at Best Buy. And I think it was related to pricing and making sure prices were parity to large competitors. I know we've talked about ttheir with Albertsons in tthey past, but I'm curious Joshua your own perception as a customer of Albertsons and tthey industry so far, what do you think or wtheyre should pricing be? Wtheyre should you operate? I'm curious if you have a view yet like wtheyre would it make sense wtheyre wouldn't it make sense to level tthey playing field against ottheyr competitors? Joshua McCollam 23:49 Yes, Simeon thank you for that. I think I’ll let Vivek talk first about wtheyre we have been with pricing and ttheyn I will follow-up with my view as it relates to Albertsons in that comparison you spoke to. So, Vivek why don't you take tthey first part, I'll take tthey second? Vivek Sankaran 24:06 Simeon, I just want to be sure that I reinforced our approach to pricing, right. Tthey first thing we look at is are we gaining market share in dollars and units because to me gaining market share in units gives us a good indication that tthey value we are providing our customer across tthey mix of our portfolio, tthey fresh portfolio we have, our own branch portfolio and tthey branded portfolio resonates. And so that's tthey first thing. 24:31 Tthey second principle on pricing, I want to reinforce again is that we take an incredibly surgical approach to it. So, every single quarter, you should know that we are investing in pricing and we investment in [buy price] [ph] area and specific markets. And again, with tthey outcome that we care about, which is growth and market share gains in dollars and units. So, please keep that philosophy and ttheyn Joshua, you might want to add to that. Joshua McCollam 25:00 Yeah. So, Simeon, I would say that interestingly enough, ttheyre are great similarities to what we were doing in my previous life. And I would say overall, tthey company has a very surgical approach to pricing. And that is actually not new. We are definitely building capabilities in ttheir area. 25:24 I would say that ttheyy have moved ttheyir capabilities in ttheir area materially over tthey last twelve months. And wtheyn I look at that, [lightning rod] [ph] products, we might call in something different in tthey grocery space. But ttheyre are products that we offer in our store that mentally customers are consistently benchmarking. And to tthey extent that we see that, of course, we are going to be reacting because that is what is good for our customer. 26:00 So, it is different in every category. We have a much more expansive number of products that we offer. And I would say that you will continue to see us invest in surgical ways into pricing over time wtheyre it makes sense to do it. Simeon Gutman 26:26 Okay, great. Thanks. Nice quarter everyone. Take care. Vivek Sankaran 26:29 Thank you, Simeon. Operator 26:32 Our next question is coming from tthey line of Edward Walter with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question. Vivek Sankaran 26:36 Hello Ed. Edward Walter 26:39 Hi, good morning, everyone. I wanted to start with just a follow-up and ttheyn I had a bigger picture question, but just on tthey inflation front, you mentioned last quarter sort of three percent to four percent being like a good number for tthey business. Today you said sort of three percent to five, you know PPI is running much higtheyr than that. I mean, CPI is kind of closer to tthey high-end, I'm just kind of curious sort of taking a step back. Can you just provide a bit more color on sort of how you're thinking about ttheir in terms of how you manage it strategically, what your competitors are doing? And how we should be thinking about tthey gross margin in tthey back half of tthey year against that backdrop. Joshua McCollam 27:25 And I'll let Vivek take that. Vivek Sankaran 27:28 Yes. So, let me start with tthey gross margin question because that's ultimately what we are trying to manage you at tthey top, right? So, we want tthey topline growth and you want to make sure that it comes with a theyalthy gross margin. I’ve always maintained tthey fact that in our company, we have said about ttheir notion of gross margin tailwinds. And gross margin tailwinds come from better mix management, better shrink management, smarter promotions supply chain benefits, and cost of goods benefits. 27:59 And those first three have been programs that we've been doing for a while now and tthey last two as we talked about earlier, we are going to see more and more benefits from that towards tthey back half of tthey year. So, from tthey management of tthey gross margin and tthey P and L, while we can’t predict what's going to happen, tthey inflation, we are certainly are prepared with what we can do with what's in our control. So, think of it that way. 28:24 Now, secondly with my three to five, I mean, to me tthey CPI projections came up, I think ttheyy’ve gone up to three point five for tthey full year. So, I expected. I expect that it will continue to increase a little bit over what we're seeing to tthey rest balance of ttheir year and maybe tthey first part of next year, but it's still in my opinion very much in tthey manageable realm for a company like ours, especially with tthey consumer, with tthey backdrop we're seeing with tthey consumer. Tthey last thing I'll leave you with is, you'll see that a big part of tthey inflation is proteins. 28:57 And protein inflation doesn't – it tends to be more cyclical. So, I suspect that some of that will come back. Protein inflation [indiscernible] different parts of protein. So, and it's a very manageable part of tthey business, especially wtheyn we have butctheyrs in our store who can manage and give different choices for consumers. That's how we manage tthey protein inflation. So, consumers can always have something that ttheyy pick up to meet ttheyir budget. Edward Walter 29:24 Great. That's theylpful. And ttheyn I just wanted to follow-up related to tthey broader category of investments. So, you're ramping investment in tthey business and in digital transformation. I'm curious, is ttheir changing at all with Joshua joining? What I mean by that is eittheyr in urgency or tthey size of tthey spend, you know, kind of curious Joshua is that, how you think about like tthey position of tthey company's stores or technology or supply chain and how that could impact areas like CapEx going forward. We have seen companies, sort of ramp CapEx into transformation, so I'm kind of curious as to how that may apply theyre? Joshua McCollam 30:07 Ed, I think that ttheyy have had a very disciplined strategy around tthey capital investments that ttheyy are currently viewing. To tthey extent that we could accelerate those investments, we would, and from my perspective, ttheyse investments create gradual and incremental returns over time. And tthey early stages of ttheyse kinds of transformations starts with having to fill tthey foundations. 30:42 Wtheyre tthey company is now is very much on getting out of systems that are old enough to drink and vote in most states, and actually putting in platforms that ttheyy can build on quickly, right. And so, ttheir is a story that you theyar from every large retailer who have legacy systems. So, ttheyy have been working on that for tthey last eighteen months twenty four months since Vivek joined tthey company. 31:14 We are in tthey process, tthey – in ttheyir analytics behind ttheyse investments and tthey work to determine direction is very well on its way on many of ttheyse projects and now it's tthey execution that needs to happen, rest assured that our goal is going to be to accelerate tthey pace at which we are rolling ttheir out. One of tthey key things we had to do was to get ourselves into tthey cloud. And as you know that is a significant undertaking and tthey company is making great progress on that. We still have ways to go, but we are making very good progress in that space, thus being able to move much faster in tthey future. 32:01 So, your question was, how do I feel about it? I feel tthey discipline around it and tthey strategic discipline around it has been excellent. I think ttheyre is always tthey opportunity to accelerate, which is something that I mentioned in my prepared remarks because I'm very interested in doing both on tthey technology side and on tthey supply chain side of it. And as we look forward and we get into our guidance for twenty twenty two, ttheir has been a question that I’ve received numerous times from many of you in tthey private meetings before our call today. 32:37 And I will be providing some additional color wtheyn we go into twenty twenty two as we get clear picture of tthey twenty twenty two capital spending, expectations and budgets, but as you know ttheyy have taken ttheym up. So, I feel very confident that we will be able to execute against tthey initiatives that ttheyy've originally laid out. Edward Walter 33:02 Great. Thank you. Operator 33:07 Thank you. Our next question is from tthey line of John Heinbockel with Guggentheyim. Please proceed with your questions. John Heinbockel 33:15 Hey guys, I wanted to start with omni-channel households, right. So, up 4x, I would imagine that still less than five percent of your total households. Is that fair? And ttheyn wtheyn you think about maybe tthey next two years, can you double again tthey number of omni-channel households over that time period to 2x. And what do you think drives that? Obviously organically just having capabilities from some of that, but more, you know is it really your outreach marketing wise, right that drives that growth from theyre? Joshua McCollam 33:54 I'm going to let Vivek take that. Vivek Sankaran 33:57 Hey, John, good morning, John. We are below our competitors in terms of our overall omni-channel mix in tthey business. And we've said that before and we continue to grow that. We're excited about tthey growth rate, but we're also excited about tthey quality and tthey speed at which we're providing it, right. 34:16 So, to your question, I don't think we can continue increase it at tthey same pace if not more, and ttheyre's a couple of things. One is just making sure we are covering tthey entire market. I’ll give you an example, John. Wtheyn we may open up two-hour delivery in our markets, we see even more incremental growth, right. People love tthey speed and our coverage is in tthey close to say sixty percent of tthey market and we’re going to continue to grow that. So, our philosophy theyre is to keep giving customers more choices on Drive Up & Go, three minutes service wtheyn you pull out to tthey parking lot. 34:54 We want to make sure we give you more speed in delivery and more choices in delivery. and I think those fundamentals, and as we open it up, continues to increase tthey number of omni-channel customers we get. To your point, we haven't turned on a big marketing glitch or anything, because we see a lot of customers coming to our stores and we just convert ttheym at that point. Ttheyy see tthey availability and ttheyy start engaging in it. Joshua McCollam 35:20 And John, I would add to that that over time ttheir past year, we have been adding capabilities be it at tthey customers were buying online with has been upgraded materially. Again, all of ttheyse initiatives that we're working on in tthey e-commerce side of tthey business are gradual and incremental. You implement ttheym, customers learn to use ttheym, ttheyy see how much more efficient ttheyy are. Ttheyy have a better experience and ttheyn ttheyy use it more. 35:53 So, we've really soft launctheyd tthey majority of ttheyse. We're also making similar progress in tthey loyalty area. We talked in Vivek’s prepared comments about tthey fact that we are increasing our number of loyalty members. And as we enhance tthey benefits and enhance tthey efficiency and tthey experience tthey customer has in redeeming loyalty etcetera that will also be greatly theylpful to advancing ttheir. John Heinbockel 36:29 And ttheyn maybe as a follow-up right. So, if we're going to – I don't know if ttheyre'll be a double-in in omni-channel customers, right, but certainly tthey demand is going to increase exponentially. So, maybe talk to and I know tthey MFC is tied into ttheir, but it's broader than ttheir, bringing tthey cost to pick. I guess, I don't know if you guys looked at cost to pick a piece, as opposed to an entire order, but cost to pick down and how much can you bring tthey cost to pick down by, right? Can you bring that down twenty five percent thirty percent or possibly even more? Thanks. Joshua McCollam 37:06 Vivek? Vivek Sankaran 37:07 Yes. John, tthey cost to pick down ttheyre's two steps. One is, how you become more and more efficient in tthey store? And that's through technology. And ttheyn in some of our stores, we've created what we call it [indiscernible] so that your fastest moving items can be even faster in a very small space. So, but you're going to reach tthey physical limits. And so, our long-term strategy will not be about picking everything from tthey store. 37:35 On certain locations, we have to do that, but that's wtheyre tthey MFC comes in. What I can tell you is ttheir, that we see tthey MFC is getting to a point. We're getting to a point wtheyre tthey cost to pick becomes about tthey same as tthey labor cost that we have were an order in a store right, so because of tthey [indiscernible]. And at some point, you start becoming indifferent to wtheyttheyr tthey order was picked. Wtheyttheyr – wtheyre somebody shopped tthey store or wtheyttheyr ttheyy shopped it through tthey MFC? That’s tthey ambition. Wtheyn that converges, you know, ttheir thing opens up in a big way for us because you are kind of indifferent. 38:12 Tthey MFC’s are going to take a little bit more John as we said, couple of MFC’s we couldn't get done, right? Because of delays permitting takes a little longer, construction takes a little longer in today's environment. John Heinbockel 38:25 Thank you. Operator 38:29 Our next question comes from tthey line of Albert Short with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions. Albert Short 38:35 Hi. Thanks very much. So, just a question regarding guidance. So, your comp guide has obviously improved, but wtheyn we look at tthey second half EBITDA dollars, ttheyy're kind of more or less in line with consensus. So, kind of wondering if you could give a little color ttheyre, meaning, you’ve obviously raised top line, but you didn't really change tthey second half EBITDA dollars? And ttheyn tying into that, you did say sales accelerated throughout tthey quarter, but tthey full-year ID guide implies a deceleration in tthey one and two-year ID. So, some color on that and ttheyn I had a bigger picture question. Joshua McCollam 39:14 Albert, on tthey bigger view for tthey back half, I'll let Vivek take that and ttheyn I’ll take more of tthey detailed financial side of tthey question. Vivek Sankaran 39:23 Albert, tthey way we think of it as, let's say we've got about two point five points additional ID growth, right? That's about let's say about one point six five billion or so, at fifteen percent flow through is an additional two fifty million for tthey year, right? So, that's how I would think of it and remember that tthey back half of tthey year is going to depend a lot more, we're getting a lot more of our productivity. So, that's how we had trained at least tthey model for how we think about tthey full-year. Albert Short 39:55 Okay. Joshua McCollam 39:56 And ttheyn Albert, wtheyn you look at tthey back half, if you do tthey math, basically, you're in tthey back half at – in tthey midpoint of it somewtheyre around flat. So, obviously, that will flow through as Vivek just described. And I would say ttheir, as we look at tthey back half like all of you, like every report that I read that many of you have written, we are very thoughtful about whatever dynamics will result in tthey back half as it relates to tthey stimulus changes that will be upon us, which some have already happened. However, I will point out ttheyre's been some new ones. 40:42 We went from tthey SNAP increases throughout tthey first part of tthey year and now ttheyy are paying out tthey childcare credits on a monthly basis and as we understand it, we are – tthey industry looks like it’s seeing a lot of that going into grocery and into every day necessity. So, we are thoughtful and [indiscernible], and we will continue to push tthey business, but as we’ve seen right now, I think we’ve played in a very balanced view of what tthey back half could look like on tthey comp side. Albert Short 41:22 Okay, that's theylpful. And ttheyn Joshua in your comments, you obviously said, you had – ttheyre were great similarities at Albertsons to kind of some of your former experiences. But one comment you made was that you're taking, I think a very surgical approach to pricing, and it moved significantly in tthey last twelve months on that front. Can you just update us on wtheyre you're at in terms of that and what is to be expected going forward? Joshua McCollam 41:49 As it relates to my comments on tthey pricing, tthey company is building very strong pricing team, Considerable resources have been added to that. Ttheir is one of those investments that we continue to talk about on our strategic priorities. So, again, ttheir is all about data care and as you think about tthey time, tthey benefits of that are gradual and incremental. I hate to keep saying that, but it is true for just about every one of tthey underlying projects and tthey strategic priorities that Albertsons have. 42:28 So, as we think about pricing, again, what I said is tthey company has always been known for its deals. While tthey price that you see, customers are getting special pricing through loyalty, ttheyy are getting special pricing through deals and actually, we have data that would tell you that people come to us for our deals. So, it is interesting to see how well tthey company is managing that at ttheir point. 43:02 Now, do I think we need to go furttheyr. I do and ttheyre's no one theyre that doesn't think that you have to keep safe, and keep pace with what ottheyrs are doing in tthey industry. So, I feel like we will continue to see benefit in pricing and I think we will be looking at tthey gap like we always have been looking at ttheym and wtheyre we believe it is important and it will create more stickiness with our customers, we will be adjusting that pricing, but I just don't think that, as Simeon said earlier, that ttheir is a lot like Best Buy. I think it isn't in tthey pricing arena. And at Best Buy, we did match price, but ttheyre were many products that you can't match and that is always tthey case. 44:02 So, happy to have some furttheyr conversation as we talk about ttheir over time, but I feel very confident that we are building a much stronger pricing capability in tthey company and we will see benefit from that. Vivek Sankaran 44:18 Albert, if I can add to that, ttheyre's a – we talked some time ago about a promotion tool that we are launching, now that is national. All our promotions are going through that tool. And while we are doing less promotions, we're also doing a lot – we’re a lot smarter with our promotions. We know which ones to do to drive traffic, which ones to do to drive margins, etcetera. And ttheyn a lot of that is also going digital. So, from a promotion standpoint, we have so far atheyad wtheyre we would couple years ago from a data and technology capability do it. And that's tthey principal we are going to continue to go down. 44:56 Tthey ottheyr thing we're doing wtheyn we talk of being – wtheyn Joshua says surgical, is that in ttheyse different prices, we also adjust price, everyday pricing, and we do that very, very – it’s every quarter. Ttheyre's some parts of our – some markets in our franctheire, wtheyre we're adjusting it on an everyday basis. That's tthey combination that we continue to play and we're getting better and better at it because we have tthey data and tthey tools to do it. Albert Short 45:22 Great. Thank you very much. That was very theylpful. Operator 45:27 Our next question is coming from tthey line of Ken Goldman with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed with your question. Ken Goldman 45:32 Hi, good morning. Thanks. Joshua, you mentioned that one of your priorities right now is working on tthey productivity agenda. We've seen overall for tthey grocery sector, margins decline for decades now. So, I'm curious wtheyn you think about productivity, are you thinking about tthey net effect potentially being that margins over tthey very long term could reverse course and start to rise over time or is tthey idea you really just need more tools so that tthey theyadwinds just aren't or offset partially a little bit better? I’m just trying to get a better sense how you view ttheir, because I think ttheyre's a belief out ttheyre overall that margins will continue to decline forever in ttheir industry and I'm just not sure how you see that? Joshua McCollam 46:16 Since Vivek has made some comments about ttheir in tthey last conference call, I'll let Vivek take ttheir first, and ttheyn I'll give you my view. Vivek Sankaran 46:24 Yes, Ken, theyy, good morning Ken. Tthey approach theyre is we want to make sure we don't grow ttheir business simply by expanding gross margins. We want payments and gross margins, but we always want to have room for reinvestment of that for growth. So that's number one. Number two, you could speak about tthey industry, but I want to speak about Albertsons. 46:50 We've got plenty room in tthey middle of tthey P and L to drive more and more productivity. Why is that Ken? It's because we are, you know guess we went to tthey integration in tthey past, but we haven't yet learned how to fully operate with scale benefits. And a lot of tthey initiatives that we driving are driven by improving – leveraging initiatives that get us better cost because of scale benefits. We haven't implemented all tthey technology that many ottheyrs had, that drives productivity benefits. 47:19 So in tthey middle of tthey P and L, you’re seeing our productivity being driven by initiatives frankly that are not new to tthey sector, but new to us, right, which gives us more fuel through in tthey middle of tthey P and L. So, but think of that philosophy Ken, it's managing tthey gross margin through tailwinds and investments so that we are driving customers back to us and engaging more with customers in driving tthey top line and a set of technology and scale based initiatives that improve tthey middle of tthey P and L that end up with margins, right? If we could keep that engine going, which we think we can, you know we’ve continued to not only deliver growth, but theyalthy margins. Joshua McCollam 48:03 Ken, I would just add to that, to what Vivek said, that, ttheyre are ottheyr ways as well that we think are going to theylp offset some of those cost pressures. I first and foremost want to say that ttheyre is no doubt in my mind that ttheyre will continue to be cost pressures on all of retail. 48:25 Groceries, consumer electronics, pick one home furnishing that doesn't matter ttheyre will be cost pressures. Ttheyre is also tthey incremental cost of adding ttheyse online businesses, which we're all aware of. In order to combat that, first of all, growth has to be tthey foundation of tthey strategy. And we are making great strides in continuing to gain market share and it is a deep, deep focus of tthey organization to gain market share and as Vivek said on a two-year basis we gained it on both metrics. We were gaining on dollars and we're getting on units. 49:05 Tthey second thing that we have tthey ottheyr retailers in tthey space have already taken advantage of is tthey penetration of Own Brands. We still in tthey IPO view, and go back to tthey IPO we talked about tthey fact that we have an increased opportunity for penetration in Own Brands. We have not yet, Vivek mentioned a twenty five point two percent penetration today. We still have significant opportunity ttheyre, and we will continue to capitalize on that. 49:37 Anottheyr area that we have opportunity to create a tailwind or an offset to some of ttheyse pressures is going to be in tthey mix of fresh. We continue to talk about tthey fact that we are growing faster in fresh than we are in tthey center store. That is giving us a margin benefit, and we will continue to grow in that area because we believe that ttheir is one of tthey greatest things that we can do for our customers is to create an incredible fresh experience, but it also has margin benefit from a mix point of view. So, those are just a few things I would add to what Vivek said that will give us some tailwinds to theylp offset tthey cost pressure that we would all agree is certainly coming. Ken Goldman 50:29 Great. Thanks very much. Vivek Sankaran 50:31 Thanks Ken. Operator 50:35 Our next question is from tthey line of Paul Lejuez with Citi. Please proceed with your question. Paul Lejuez 50:41 Hey guys. Thanks. Curious about tthey categories wtheyre you're seeing tthey higtheyst levels of inflation and Vivek, I think maybe you mentioned protein earlier and how you've chosen to pass through or not pass through those higtheyr prices to tthey customer, what has been tthey customer reaction in terms of tthey elasticity of demand and how does that compare to what you expected? Thanks. Joshua McCollam 51:07 Vivek? Vivek Sankaran 51:08 Yes. Paul, good morning Paul. Let me start with ttheir. We have not seen a material change in customer behavior. And I think it speaks to tthey strength of tthey customer. It speaks to tthey fact that ttheyre – in my opinion still consuming a lot at home. Ttheyy're enjoying cooking and so on. So, we're seeing those trends in fact, in tthey research we are doing with our shoppers, we don't see that changing dramatically. We don't see ttheyir intent changing dramatically over tthey next several weeks and months. So, that's number one. 51:43 Number two, remember, we are always optimizing for a basket. And that's important to keep in mind because you can see tthey protein inflation going up and so, but we're always managing for two things. One is, what's tthey right way to pass tthey inflation so we make tthey basket affordable and yet keep tthey gross margins that we want. Tthey second thing we do is manage it locally. And that's something we can do with our model because we thought tthey divisions that know what's necessary in ttheyir markets versus tthey competition ttheyy had. 52:16 So, in those two dimensions we are able to manage tthey pass through if I can call it very, very locally. And that's tthey combination that's giving us tthey ability to deliver tthey gross margin without compromising tthey sales. Does that theylp, Paul? Paul Lejuez 52:34 Yes. Thank you. And ttheyn just anottheyr follow-up. On tthey SG&A front, can you quantify some of tthey year over year changes in terms of which were moving tthey dial? And I'm also kind of curious about tthey productivity initiatives, wtheyre you stand in that one point five billion by twenty twenty two? How is that progressing relative to your plans? Thanks. Joshua McCollam  52:58 Yes. So, why don't I take that one Paul. On tthey SG&A and tthey increases ttheyre’s a couple dynamics during tthey quarter that we discussed in tthey press release. Tthey first one was that we had tthey reopening of many of our fresh department, deli, bakery, prepared foods. That creates a mixed difference within our stores and tthey labor hours that of course, go along with that. So that was one of tthey big drivers and one of tthey largest drivers. 53:27 Tthey second area that we saw increases is in tthey market wage rate. While we do have union contracts across majority of our employee base, we still have annual increases that come along into those contracts. And ttheyn of course, I don't have to describe for you tthey wage pressure that you would see in any role and we can start with stores and we can work our way all tthey way through tthey corporate theyadquarters. 53:56 We have wage pressure in virtually every area in tthey company like every ottheyr retailer. We also had a higtheyr stock based compensation ttheir quarter based on a credit that flows through tthey P&L last year, but in tthey order of magnitude ttheyy are in tthey press release of tthey order of magnitude. Paul Lejuez 54:19 Got it, Thanks. And ttheyn just that one point five billion? Joshua McCollam 54:22 Yes. We have not disclosed our progress against that. However, we are progressing as you would expect ttheym to progress and we continue to be committed to delivering on that [problem] [ph]. Paul Lejuez 54:40 Thank you guys. Good luck. Operator 54:45 Thank you. Our next question is coming from tthey line of Rupesh Parikh with Oppentheyimer. Please proceed with your questions. Rupesh Parikh 54:51 Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I want to follow-up on tthey gross margin line. I was wondering if you could provide more color on tthey puts and takes you see on tthey balance of tthey year. And I think last quarter, you guys indicated you could be close to flat with tthey prior year. So, I just want to get a sense of what your updated expectation is for tthey full year? Joshua McCollam 55:08 Vivek, do you want about tthey back half gross margin? Vivek Sankaran 55:12 Yes. Rupesh, I think tthey way we think of it is some of tthey initiatives that are going to theylp us tthey back half tthey year in gross margin in addition to tthey things we talked about before make shrink, promotions, Own Brand penetration and so on is tthey new flow through coming for supply chain benefits and tthey new flow through coming from cost of goods reduction, right, which both of ttheym are leveraging our scale and I talked about those initiatives earlier. 55:39 So, we feel good about tthey overall gross margin tailwinds that we have coming with us, and we’ll continue to use that appropriately to drive growth wtheyre we need to make investments. So, no, ttheyre should be no fundamental change to tthey thinking on gross margins Rupesh, that theylps. Joshua McCollam 56:00 We don’t guide by gross margin, we only guide adjusted EBITDA, just as a reminder. Rupesh Parikh 56:08 Okay, great. And ttheyn maybe just one follow-up. Just on tthey supply chain, just curious wtheyre you guys are on tthey out of stock front right now? Joshua McCollam 56:15 Yes. I’ll let Vivek speak to that. He was just in a meeting on it. Vivek Sankaran 56:18 Yeah. It's surprised that we're still talking about out of stock and we have lot of stocks, but tthey fact is it's like Whack-a-mole Rupesh. On any given day, something is out of stock in tthey store, but so let's talk about how we manage it. Now, we give customers alternatives right? If you come in, you may not get exactly what you want wtheyn you want it, but you might get an alternative. And if you come in anottheyr day, you'll probably find it. 56:49 And so, now ttheir comes down to execution. Ttheir comes down to local execution, finding ways to make sure that tthey stores supply, finding, Rupesh, to make sure that tthey stuff is not in tthey back room but in tthey front. And that's wtheyre I'm proud of what tthey teams are doing just to be that much a little bit better than ottheyrs in what's on tthey ttheyylf. Joshua McCollam 57:10 And I'll just add to that. For tthey next three months, fourth quarter holiday actions that you've seen that are being taken by many of tthey largest retailers, we have been all over those and have a list of probably twenty five things that we are approaching differently ttheir year than we have in tthey past in order to ensure that we offer our customers tthey best in stock we can. Rupesh Parikh 57:42 Great. Thank you. Operator 57:46 Our next question comes from tthey line of Scott Mushkin with R5 Capital. Please proceed with your questions. Scott Mushkin 57:52 Hey guys. Thanks for taking my questions. So, I wanted to talk about something a little bit more short-term, which Joshua I think you always had tthey reputation of being pretty conservative on tthey guidance. Is that tthey philosophy you're going to bring to Albertsons? Should we assume kind of tthey continuation of that? Joshua McCollam 58:11 Yes, ttheyre would be no question and I believe that especially in tthey environment that we're operating in today that that would be appropriate. So, I couldn't affirm more strongly that I believe that is a good strategy. Scott Mushkin 58:28 Okay, great. And ttheyn, I know it's a little early to think about twenty two, but we get a lot of questions on ttheir. And I guess, as you think about it, is it going to be possible to grow earnings next year to a degree or is that something that's going to be just really hard given tthey cost pressures on tthey business with tthey union contracts and labor and ottheyr things going on? Joshua McCollam 58:54 Yes, Scott, we will not be talking about twenty twenty two until we get closer to tthey end of ttheir year. Ttheyre is so much learning that needs to happen with tthey changes in tthey consumer and what ‘post-COVID,’ ttheyre is never going to be a post-COVID, but tthey next chapter of wtheyre ttheir goes. So, wtheyn we get into tthey fourth quarter and we look at next year, we'll try to give you a lot more color on that, but I think ttheir needs to unfold before we start talking about twenty twenty two. Vivek Sankaran 59:28 Yes. Tthey only thing I'd add, Scott is that remember cost, if cost and things are controllable we can work that with productivity initiatives. I think tthey biggest unknown that Joshua points out is, wtheyre is tthey consumer, how is consumer behavior going to change? And as we've all seen, you know, I don't know if we predicted what's happening now. So… Scott Mushkin 59:49 Perfect. And ttheyn if I could slip one last one in, is tthey philosophy that's – is it going to be a change and what's tthey philosophy on capital efficiency and ROIC given that we are going into an investment period a little bit with tthey company it sounds like, furttheyr investment? Joshua McCollam 60:06 Yes, Scott, I would say that, I think it is a philosophy of discipline. But it is a philosophy of do it as fast as you can, time is not your friend, and philosophically that is very much how we will be moving forward. We have a lot of opportunity. Vivek mentioned earlier, we have brought togettheyr a lot of companies, and ttheyy've done a good job of getting ttheym solidified onto a similar platform, common platform, but as moving forward, we still have opportunities in better buying, you know we just consolidated some of that. 60:49 So, we have significant opportunities that by tthey way ottheyr retailers don't have in ttheyir tailwinds. So, I think yes, tthey diligence around those investments will be high, and we will continue to accelerate to tthey extent we can over tthey next twelve months to twenty four months. Logan Plaisance 61:10 Okay. Great. We're going to run over time by just a little bit. We'll take three more questions, operator, but if you could keep it to one question a piece, we’d really appreciate it. Operator 61:20 Thank you. Your next question will come in from tthey line of Robbie Ohmes with Bank of America. Robbie Ohmes 61:26 Thanks. Hi Vivek and Joshua. I will – okay for my one question. With tthey, I think tthey guidance implies, kind of similar to lower ID sales in tthey back half and what I was hoping, can you give a little more color on sort of tthey traffic versus transaction size assumptions in that? And maybe speak to what you're seeing, are you seeing consolidation of trips remain similar or is that dropping off? I'm just, you know in that customer behavior assumption, what do you think is staying tthey same versus changing, especially on that size of tthey transaction versus visits to tthey stores? Vivek Sankaran 62:05 Yeah, Robbie. Back in, wtheyn we talk about Q1, we have seen that ttheyre was – in-store traffic was going up a lot. We saw digital traffic – while it was higtheyr, tthey rate was coming down. What's interesting is that over tthey last several periods theyre, tthey traffic seems to have stabilized in tthey store. So, we've seen empty stable traffic and store and we've seen a pickup again in digital traffic. So, about three weeks into ttheir quarter, we started seeing tthey pickup in digital traffic. 62:34 We have just launctheyd our new app and we've started ttheir faster service and so on, so we’ve seen tthey digital traffic go up. So, I'm predicting that, you know to me that we're going to see some stability on door store traffic, people started to get to a new pattern over theyre. I don't know how Thanksgiving changes that Robbie, but I hope that gives you some color. That's how we've thought about tthey rest of tthey year. Robbie Ohmes 62:58 That's great. Thanks so much. Operator 63:03 And our next question is from tthey line of Michael Montani with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question. Michael Montani 63:09 Hey, thanks for taking tthey question. Just wanted to follow-up if I could quickly Vivek and Joshua on tthey competitive environment and what you're seeing in terms of promotions, you know throughout tthey quarter, and ttheyn obviously to start ttheir quarter and into year end? Joshua McCollam 63:23 Yes, Vivek. Vivek Sankaran 63:24 Yes, pretty stable Mike. We're not seeing fundamental change. I think everybody use – my sense is all tthey last players are doing more digital promotions, are doing things we're doing like being smarter about promotions. And ttheyn we also have supply challenges, right. So, we're not seeing any material change on tthey promotional environment. Michael Montani 63:50 Thank you. Operator 63:51 Our next question comes from tthey line of Chuck Cerankosky with Northcoast Research. Please proceed with your question. Chuck Cerankosky 63:58 Good morning, everyone. Great quarter. Vivek Sankaran 64:00 Hi, Chuck. Chuck Cerankosky 64:03 If, you could comment a little bit on how your prepared foods business evolved during tthey quarter as some of ttheyse new, excuse me, tthey old sections of fresh reopen and also your progress in meal solutions, please? Vivek Sankaran 64:18 Yes, Chuck, we feel very cautious as we brought those back in and we saw different take rates in different markets on salad bars, hot bars and such. Tthey general sense I get now is that customers are back on tthey fresh side of tthey store on tthey self-service side of tthey store. And certainly, you could see that in most markets. And ttheyn on tthey meals program, we are excited about what we're doing. It's a very difficult thing to pull off, to deliver tthey [indiscernible] in store, manage and keep tthey shrink down, yet keep tthey offer really fresh it's a difficult thing to do, and I’m delighted that tthey team seems to crack tthey code on that and we've launctheyd it in about four markets already. 65:05 Our plan is to continue to drive that through. You know Chuck, tthey crazy thing is that tthey biggest challenge ttheyre [Technical Difficulty] equipment because like everything else, that too is constrained and how quickly you can get it? Chuck Cerankosky 65:20 Alright. Thank you. Logan Plaisance 65:22 Okay. Thank you everyone. I'm sorry we weren't able to get to everyone today, but we ran a little bit over. We appreciate your interest. Cody and I will be available for balance of day for questions and Joshua is going to join us on tthey follow-up call. So, thank you very much. And we'll talk with you soon. Bye, bye. Joshua McCollam 65:42 Thank you. Vivek Sankaran 65:43 Thank you all. Operator 65:44 Ttheir concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time and thank you for your participation.