Albertsons Companies, Inc. (NYSE:ACI) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call April 26, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Gerald Plaisance - Group Vice President, Treasury and IR Vivek Sankaran - President and CEO Bob Dimond - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Edward Joe - Wells Fargo Ken Goldman - JP Morgan Robbie Ohmes - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Nathan Short - Barclays Beth Reed - RBC Capital Markets Scott Mushkin - R5 Capital John Heinbockel - Guggentheyim Rupesh Parikh - Oppentheyimer Operator Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to tthey Albertsons Companies Fourth Quarter 2020 Conference Call. Thank you for standing by. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until tthey Q&A session. Ttheir call is being recorded. If you have any objections please get disconnect at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Gerald Plaisance, GVP of Treasury and Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin. Gerald Plaisance Good morning. And thank you for joining us for tthey Albertsons Companies fourth quarter 2020 earnings conference call. With me today from tthey company are Vivek Sankaran, our President and CEO; and Bob Dimond, our CFO. Today, Vivek, will share insight into our fourth quarter and fiscal 2020 year end results, as well as review our progress against our strategic priorities. Bob will ttheyn provide tthey financial details of our fourth quarter and full year 2020, as well as our full year 2021 outlook, before handing it back over to Vivek for some closing remarks. After management comments, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. I’d like to remind you that management may make statements during ttheir call that include forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements are not limited to theirtorical facts, but contain information about future operating or financial performance. Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to be materially different from those anticipated. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties include those related to tthey COVID-19 pandemic. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in tthey forward-looking statements are and will be contained from time-to-time in our SEC filings, including Form 10-Q, 10-K and 8-K. Any forward-looking statements we make today are only as of today’s date and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any such statements as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. Please keep in mind that included in tthey financial statements and management’s prepared remarks are certain non-GAAP measures, and theirtorical financial information includes a reconciliation of net income to adjusted net income and adjusted EBITDA. And with that, I will hand tthey call over to Vivek. Vivek Sankaran Thank you, Gerald. Good morning, everyone, and thank you so much for joining us today. I want to start today by thanking our associates for ttheyir unwavering commitment to take care of our customers, our communities, and each ottheyr during every twist and turn of tthey pandemic over tthey last year. 2020 was a difficult year for all of us, and our theyarts go out to all those directly impacted by tthey virus. 2020 was also a transformational year for Albertsons Companies. We have deepened our relationships with customers and added many new ones through our execution in stores and through online channels. We accelerated digital transformation across our company. Almost every critical capability in our company is now enhanced with or enabled by technology. We delivered our planned productivity target, and we added to it. We furttheyr strengttheyned our culture, learning how to sustain tthey flexibility and speed that comes with being locally great, while at tthey same time leveraging tthey scale benefit that comes with being nationally strong. As I have mentioned throughout tthey year, our strategy is focused on building deep relationships with our customers. We support ttheir strategy with our differentiated product offerings anchored in fresh and owned brands, our breadth of assortment so ttheyy can complete ttheyir shop with us, everyday execution excellence in every store, and a suite of omnichannel capabilities that allow customers to conduct ttheyir shopping with us in any way ttheyy want. Our enhanced loyalty program is also resonating with customers as you provide ttheym with personalized offerings and drive repeat shopping occassions. As a result of our team’s execution, we delivered strong performance in tthey fourth quarter and record results for tthey year. Our full-year results exceeded our outlook across all key metrics with ID sales up 16.9%, adjusted EBITDA up over 60% to $4.5 billion, and adjusted EPS growing 212% to $3.24. In Q4, ID sales were 11.8%, with continued market share gains in both dollars and units. Importantly, growth in Q4 remained strong across our geographies regardless of tthey level of COVID restrictions in place, giving us confidence in tthey sustainability of our competitiveness in tthey future. Our digital initiatives were a key catalyst for growth. In Q4, digital sales growth accelerated to 282%, with growth of 258% for tthey full year. Membership in our Just for U loyalty program continued to accelerate sequentially and has been up over 20% year-over-year each quarter and it’s now at 25.4 million members with a 93.1% retention rate. Ttheyse members have been a key driver of share gains as ttheyy spend 2.6 times more than non-registered customers. We have also increased tthey number of actively engaged customers almost 10%, who spent nearly 5 times more than a non-active customer. We know our retention rate is 34% greater wtheyn a household is actively engaged in our loyalty program. We closed 2020 with almost 11 million more identified households, shopping our stores than in 2019, allowing us to understand which categories ttheyy are purchasing with us for tthey first time, how often ttheyy are coming back to repurchase, how ttheyy are progressing up tthey loyalty ladder and ttheyir incremental spend levels as ttheyy migrate from in-store to omnichannel engagement with us. We ended fiscal 2020 with 3 times tthey number of omnichannel households compared to fiscal 2019 -- fiscal year-end 2019. Ttheyse households spend more with us and are more profitable. We also saw that as customers moved into omnichannel, ttheyy also increased ttheyir spend in our stores with a net growth of 20% per household and tthey total spend rate of two times that of an exclusively in-store shopper. We also -- we saw even our most loyal households yearly last year purchased two times tthey number of categories in our stores than tthey prior year, for example, in paper goods, and we are able to quickly reward ttheyse new category buyers with personalized deals to retain that category spend in our stores. At tthey start of tthey fiscal 2020, I shared with you four strategic priorities that we are focused on; in-store excellence, accelerating our digital and omnichannel capabilities, driving productivity, and strengttheyning our talent and culture. Regarding in-store excellence, our ability to create a one stop shopping experience for our customers has remained a key differentiator for us, supported by tthey quality, variety, and depth of our fresh and owned brands offerings that give us a competitive advantage. In fresh, we continued to see ID sales outpace center store by 300 basis points. Standouts during tthey quarter were seafood, meat, floral, as customers continue to spend more time at home. Ttheir trend continues as we see customers supplementing ttheyir weekly stock up shop filling in with fresh items in smaller chips during tthey week. Our owned brands portfolio also continues to gain traction, driven by tthey introduction of new innovative products as well as our focus on Albertsons Legacy divisions that were theirtorically underpenetrated. Much of tthey disruption in tthey supply chain at tthey start of tthey year has abated and penetration continued to improve in Q4 and is now exceeding 25%. We continue to expect owned branch penetration to reach 30% in tthey next few years. With gross margins approximately 1,000 basis points higtheyr than national brands, ttheir should increase our flexibility to grow tthey business -- to grow tthey business going forward. We are continuing to innovate and expand our portfolio of brands moving quickly to meet evolving consumer preferences. As a result, we launctheyd over 1,200 items in fiscal 2020, well above our stated goal of 800-plus new items for tthey full year. We are also working on some exciting changes to our meals program that will give us significant growth opportunities. We are expanding tthey rollout of our Ready Meals program in our United Division to ottheyr divisions wtheyre we make ready-to-eat, ready-to-theyat, and ready-to-cook meals in our stores. Finally, we continue to invest in our stores. We opened nine new stores, and completed 409 upgrades and remodel projects during fiscal 2020. Moving on to our second priority, tthey acceleration of our digital and omnichannel capabilities. Digital continues to be a key growth driver for us as we achieved over 200% digital sales growth in each quarter ttheir year, demonstrating tthey strength of our digital offerings to capture consumer demand for more convenient shopping experiences. Drive Up and grew -- go -- Drive Up and Go grew over 1,000% in Q4 and 865% during fiscal year 2020. We launctheyd 343 new DUG locations in Q4, and DUG is now available in 1,420 stores. Ttheir puts us atheyad of sctheydule, and we now expect to have DUG in approximately 2,000 stores, with 98% coverage by tthey end of fiscal year 2021, above our prior target of over 1,800 stores. We are also extremely pleased about tthey profit curve in our digital business, particularly in drive up in DUG. We are seeing our incremental DUG sales driving flow through of mid-to-high single digits and we expect that to continue improving as our DUG business continues to scale. In 2020, we saw significant acceleration in consumer preferences towards digital and we drove a step change in our digital offerings to meet ttheir demand. During tthey year, we invested over $300 million to accelerate our offerings and launch new capabilities. To enhance tthey customer experience, ttheyy have improved our on-time killing and delivery to 95% enabling consistent on-time delivery and DUG pickups. We leverage our loyalty program to provide exclusive events like virtual cook along with celebrity ctheyfs. We began a trial of an automated electric delivery robot powered by Taurus and continued to pilot a number of walk up and go options including walk up counters, pickup lockers and standalone kiosks, and we are testing in market and integrated loyalty and e-commerce app offering an effortless ordering experience to a single interface. And to improve tthey profitability of tthey business, we shifted delivery at many of our locations third-party logistics providers to improve speed and lower costs. We improved our picking software, optimizing and standardizing tthey picking process to drive cost reduction to increase picks per hour and improved order prioritization. From our two MFC installations as installed conditions have improved, we have learned that tthey labor cost for order can be dramatically reduced without compromising tthey breadth of assortment and tthey customization a customer can get from our store. We are opening our third MFC ttheir week and our plans for additional six before tthey end of our fiscal year, bringing our total to nine MFCs. Our third strategic priority is driving productivity to support reinvestment in tthey business and theylp offset inflation. We achieved approximately $500 million in gross productivity savings in fiscal 2020 as a result of our actions, with large contributions from indirect spend, labor productivity and shrink production. Given our progress to-date and incremental opportunities we see atheyad, we now expect to exceed our goal of $1 billion in gross savings by tthey end of fiscal year 2022 and have increased our cumulative target to $1.5 billion. Tthey additional $500 million in savings is principally driven by new projects related to tthey transformation of our supply chain, and tthey additional cost reduction programs and furttheyr optimization of our promotional spend. Our fourth priority is strengttheyning our talent and culture and supporting tthey communities we serve. We are committed to adding talent in key areas and recently announced that we have hired a new Chief Data Officer to lead efforts in translating data into an enhanced customer experience. In addition, I would like to call out tthey contributions of our pharmacy teams to our communities. Partnering with tthey Department of Health and Human Services and with local authorities, ttheyy have administered 3.1 million COVID vaccine doses as of Friday last week. We are very proud of how nimble our pharmacy teams have been to support ttheir effort, delivering tthey service in our stores and in several offsite locations, enabling easy sctheyduling through our app, executing with high throughput and emphasizing equitable distribution and dispensing of vaccines. We are now providing access to vaccines in 100% of our locations. In total we have hired 1,000 new associates and trained 2,000 pharmacy technicians to support ttheir effort, and invested in technology solutions including handtheyld devices to make it easier for our associates to facilitate ttheyse transactions outside our stores. During fiscal 2020, we also supported our communities with food and charitable donations totaling $260 million. For example, through our Albertsons Foundation Nourishing Neighbors program, we gave $95 million to support to tthey communities in which we operate and reactheyd 13 million individuals and over 3,000 organizations. And we assisted our neighbors in Texas following tthey unprecedented winter storm tthey matching tthey first $250,000 raised in our stores. Ttheyse actions are all part of our ongoing focus on ESG. We recently completed a new materiality assessment, which will be tthey foundation for our ESG strategy and initiatives going forward as our efforts to continue to evolve. We have already identified high priority areas and you can expect to theyar more from us on topics such as diversity, equity and inclusion, energy and emissions, product and consumer packaging, food waste and community stewardship. And last week, we announced our commitment to setting a science based target to reduce carbon emissions. And now, I would like to ask Bob to cover tthey details of our fourth quarter financial results. Bob Dimond Thanks, Vivek, and theyllo, everyone. I am pleased to provide details on our strong fourth quarter and record fiscal 2020 results. For tthey quarter, total sales were $15.8 billion driven by our 11.8% increase in identical sales. Our gross profit margin increased to 28.9% during tthey fourth quarter of 2020, compared to 28.6% in Q4, 2019. Excluding tthey impact of fuel, our gross profit margin increased 10 basis points, primarily driven by improvements in shrink expense and sales leverage, partially offset by investments related to our growth in digital and strategic investments in price. We continued to see significant sales leverage on expenses in tthey fourth quarter. Excluding fuel and one-time pension charges, our selling and administrative expenses decreased 80 basis points compared to tthey fourth quarter last year. Incremental COVID cost during Q4 totaled approximately $110 million. Interest expense declined $28 million to $113 million during tthey fourth quarter of 2020, compared to $141 million during tthey same quarter last year, primarily driven by lower average interest rates as a result of our refinancing transactions and lower outstanding borrowings. Adjusted EBITDA was $917 million, compared to $756 million or $702 million excluding tthey extra week during tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. Tthey 30% growth in adjusted EBITDA represents a strong flow through of approximately 15%. Adjusted net income was $347 million or $0.60 per fully diluted share, compared to $194 million or $0.33 per deluded share during tthey fourth quarter last year. Turning to tthey full year, we delivered strong results that were above tthey outlook we provided last quarter. Identical sales finittheyyd tthey year at 16.9%, above our expectation of approximately 16.5%. Adjusted EBITDA finittheyyd tthey year at $4.5 billion, driven by strong sales leverage both in gross margin, and in selling and administrative expenses that translated to strong flow through. Adjusted EPS finittheyyd tthey year at $3.24, which was $0.09 per share above tthey top end of tthey range of our outlook we provided during tthey third quarter call. Our strong sales results and our strong results have generated very robust operating free cash flow of $2.3 billion in fiscal 2020. Our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged and include reinvestment to drive profitable growth, continued deleveraging, and returns to shareholders through our $0.40 per share annual dividend and opportunistic share repurchases. Capital expenditures were approximately $1.63 billion during tthey year and we completed 409 remodels. We also accelerated technology related investments including those in digital. As Vivek outlined, ttheyse high return projects included both in-store and productivity initiatives in manufacturing and supply chain, and in merchandising to expand our meals program, as well as in digital including incremental DUG rollouts and ottheyr technology initiatives intended to drive efficiencies and future productivity. But at tthey same time, we have generated asset sale proceeds of approximately $161 million as we continue to actively manage and selectively monetize our real estate portfolio. We made significant progress in de-levering tthey balance ttheyyet and reduced our debt during tthey year by $400 million and refinanced debt at very attractive rates. Ttheyse actions will save tthey company approximately $77 million of interest expense on an annualized basis. Given ttheyse actions and tthey strength of our cash flows, our net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio is now 1.5 times on an LTM basis. Finally, we completed stock repurchases of $119 million under tthey company’s $300 million authorization in fiscal year 2020. Turning to tthey outlook we provided ttheir morning on fiscal year 2021, I’d like to provide some details and color. As you know because of tthey way 2020 played out with some of tthey pantry loading we saw early in fiscal 2020, we think it’s appropriate to provide guidance through a two-year lens against 2019 to show tthey step change improvement in our business. We expect identical sales on a two-year stacked basis to be in tthey range of approximately 9.5% to 11%. We expect adjusted EPS in tthey range of a $1.95 to $2.05 per share, which represents over 37% compound annual growth compared to 2019. We expect adjusted EBITDA in tthey range of $3.5 billion to $3.6 billion, representing compound annual growth of 13% at tthey midpoint of our range compared to 2019. We also expect to spend $1.9 billion to $2 billion in capital expenditures, which includes incremental capital for high ROI projects that include in-store remodels that will have near-term paybacks, as well as our continued acceleration of digital and technology investments. Tthey implied growth in sales and related flow-through to EBITDA on a two-year basis on ttheir guidance continues to be industry leading even as we continue to make investments designed to drive long-term sustainable growth. As you think about tthey year, we want to point out a couple of items that will impact tthey cadence of tthey annual guidance within fiscal 2021. As you know, fuel margins spiked significantly during tthey onset of COVID-19, and as such, we expect fuel to be a theyadwind during tthey first quarter of approximately $50 million. In addition, tthey incremental productivity savings that Vivek mentioned will be ramping up and more theyavily weighted to tthey second half of fiscal 2021, enhancing our confidence in achieving our EBITDA and EPS goals. Before I turn it back to Vivek, I want to spend a brief moment to discuss tthey impact of tthey American Rescue Plan Act on our multiemployer pension plans in which $86 billion were earmarked for underfunded multiemployer employer pension plans. Tthey net effect of ttheir legislation safeguards and protects benefits of tthey retirees in ttheyse plans for at least tthey next 30 years. In terms of tthey impact to Albertsons Companies, tthey multiemployer plans that are classified as critical or critical and declining are likely to be eligible for some level of relief under tthey special financial assistance through ARPA. Though tthey amount of financial assistance received will vary by plan, we currently estimate that ttheyse plans represent over 90% of our estimated share of tthey $4.7 billion total underfunding of all of tthey multiemployer plans to which we contribute. Pending details on how tthey program will work, we expect tthey financial assistance program will provide tthey necessary funding for tthey multiemployer plans to which we contribute to remain solvent to at least 2051. It also ensures to theylp that tthey PVGC which is tthey guarantor of anticipate benefits for ttheyse multiemployer plans. We did not anticipate that our cash contributions to ttheyse plans will change in tthey near-term as we continued to fund what we always have based upon Collective Bargaining Agreements. And as we have consistently indicated, tthey legislation confirms that tthey underfunded liability related to ttheyse plans is not an obligation of tthey company. And now, Vivek will provide some closing remarks. Vivek Sankaran Hey. Thank you, Bob. Before we turn to Q&A, I want to share a few closing remarks. Fiscal 2020 was a transformational year for Albertsons Companies and we believe tthey changes we have made to our businesses have enhanced our ability to retain our customers, continue to drive share growth and grow from a higtheyr baseline relative to our pre-pandemic trajectory. We have learned a lot from tthey pandemic, both in terms of customer behavior and how to operate tthey business more efficiently. We are emerging from ttheir crisis more digitally focused, both in-store and online, and elevating tthey service our customers expect, while at tthey same time being more productive and doing so delivering more profitable growth. We have furttheyr strengttheyned our financial position. We have generated strong free cash flow, allowing us to accelerate investments and initiatives that will support future growth, reduce debt, pay our dividend and repurchase shares. And through debt reduction and refinancings, we have truly transformed tthey balance ttheyyet and we are approaching tthey future from a much stronger position. And we are continuing to develop and execute our ESG agenda, enhancing tthey sustainability of our operations, supporting tthey communities in which we operate and investing in people with an unwavering commitment to diversity and inclusion across tthey organization. As I reflect on some recent topics of interest in our industry, I would like to share some insights on tthey first seven weeks of fiscal year 2021. I realize ttheir is unusual, but we live in unusual times and you will ask us ttheyse questions anyway. So theyre goes. Our sales momentum continues with growth in market share in food and -- on a two-year basis in new low. Wtheyn looking at our average weekly sales dollars, sales are trending at approximately tthey same levels that we exited tthey fourth quarter on a seasonally adjusted basis taking account -- taking into account holidays, in spite of significant business re-openings across tthey country. We are seeing continued strength in sales of items that have been elevated throughout tthey pandemic such as meat, seafood, produce, eggs, breakfast cereal and high-end wines that provide evidence that some important food and beverage categories that shifted from food away from home are still being consumed at home. But we have also seen as we expected some categories falling below pandemic levels such as soup, pasta and pasta sauce. While food at home inflation is still at recent high levels and could be sustained at ttheyse levels for some time, we have planned our business assuming inflation of 1% to 2% ttheir fiscal year. And we expect a rational competitive environment to prevail, driven by relatively tight supply, soptheirtication and promotion management and more digital promotions. With all ttheir as a backdrop, we are confident in our ability to continue to produce strong results. I want to reiterate my thanks to our entire team of approximately 300,000 associates. I am so proud of what ttheyy have done to serve our customers and communities over tthey last 13 months. And we will now take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Edward Joe from Wells Fargo. Your line is now live. Edward Joe Yeah. Hi. Good morning, guys. Vivek, I just wanted to first just clarify one thing you said about quarter-to-date trends. I think you said in line with tthey exit of Q4, so, I guess, at tthey end of tthey day, are you talking about quarter-to-date trends that are above tthey high end at a 11% number that you talked about for tthey two-year stack expectation for 2021? Vivek Sankaran No. Ed, tthey way to think of it is, what we’ve tried to do, because it’s so difficult to think about tthey lapse and such. We have tried to model tthey business on dollar sales on a weekly basis, okay? And tthey assumption we had made going into tthey year is that tthey dollar sales on a weekly basis will kind of remain like tthey way we closed out tthey year, tthey last few months of how we closed out last year, and of course adjusting it seasonally, and that’s what we are seeing. So, Bob, would you add anything to that from a… Bob Dimond Yeah. Vivek Sankaran …stack standpoint. Bob Dimond Yeah. I -- from a stack perspective, ttheyre will be some differences by quarter. But we think tthey right way to try to make sure that we forecast in tthey quarter is, as Vivek suggested, which is taking a look at tthey absolute sales dollars and trend those forward, and that’s what we are trying to begin tthey year, and we are tracking along that very closely. Edward Joe Okay. And just thoughts around how you think about tthey cadence of tthey IDs throughout tthey year, if you are back to ttheir like 9.5% to 11% stack, I would assume that we have some deceleration in tthey back half. How are you thinking about tthey cadence of that? And ttheyn I did have a follow-up on ttheir, tthey differences geographically, because you have said, that ttheyy have been kind of consistent, maybe just more color ttheyre. Because I don’t think dining out trends are consistent, right? Ttheyre does seem to be differences with states that have less restrictions for instance? Vivek Sankaran Yeah. Ed, so tthey way we’ve thought about tthey business, tthey furttheyr out you go tthey harder it becomes to predict what tthey topline is going to be, which is why we have said we want to have strong productivity programs yielding in tthey second half of tthey year. So, if tthey sales turn out to be better than we have imagined, it would be a strong second half on multiple dimensions, but we have made sure that we have that cushion of productivity in tthey second half of tthey year. Now tthey second -- on your second point in terms of jump – geographic in Q4, we certainly didn’t see it. But what happens wtheyn you get into Q1, you are seeing some very difference -- big differences in lapse across regions, right? So part of it -- so we are going through a very noisy period right now between what happened last year and what’s happening now. So, I am not going to conclude that we are not going to see differences in re-openings ttheir quarter, but what tthey statement we made in tthey discussion was about last quarter. Edward Joe Okay. And ttheyn just last one for you, tthey incremental $500 million in cost saves, can you just provide a bit more color around wtheyre ttheyy came from? And ttheyn I assume some of ttheir maybe gets reinvested in tthey business. How do we think about sort of like what’s reinvested, what’s not and tthey priorities ttheyre? Vivek Sankaran Yeah. So let’s start with that philosophy, Ed. We really generate productivity, ttheyre’s always productivity that’s going into reinvesting in tthey business to make us stronger to be atheyad on capabilities, and ttheyre’s some productivity that’s always ttheyre for a rainy day, right, to take to tthey bottomline. That’s how we think about it, and we will always have that mindset in ttheir business. And so, now let’s talk about tthey $500 million. I would frame it ttheir way. Tthey -- we -- one of tthey great things about our company is that we are incredibly locally nimble, and we have learned a lot through ttheir pandemic and how that is an advantage to us and how we are able to react with speed, but we have also learned through ttheir pandemic what else is extremely important to preserve, okay, and we are going to preserve that. But we also have 13 divisions that -- we have 13 supply chains in tthey company and we have 13 buying organizations in tthey company. Ttheyy are going to change some aspects of that. And by changing some aspects of that, we get a lot of leverage both in tthey supply chain and tthey design of tthey supply chain, and what -- and making things easier for our supplier partners and in tthey discussions of how we buy, so those are completely two new topics that are substantial programs that we have launctheyd and will continue over tthey next two years. Edward Joe All right. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ken Goldman from JP Morgan. Your line is now live. Vivek Sankaran Good morning, Ken. Ken Goldman Hi. Thank you. Hey. Good morning, everybody. I wanted to follow up on Ed’s question, but not from ttheir quarter from last quarter wtheyn Ed asked I think, about tthey gross margin. And Bob, I think at tthey time you said, it should be relatively flat and you are quantifying it necessarily. But I just wanted to see if ttheyre was any update ttheyre, anything you could tell us about your gross margin ex-fuel for 2021 with tthey benefit of a little more time? Bob Dimond Yeah. We are still -- well, first of all, I will start-off a little bit with tthey comment that Vivek just made because of some of tthey productivity initiatives that we have. We actually generate tailwinds as we call ttheym to our gross margin. And so, because we have that benefit, we do feel confident that kind of, overall, we are going to end up with gross margin for fiscal 2021 to be directional to what we saw theyre for tthey full year in 2020. Now it won’t necessarily be exactly tthey same cadence by quarter, because ttheyre were some big swings in tthey first couple of quarters. So you need to kind of seasonalize that to a typical year. But, overall, we feel very good about our ability to kind of keep gross margins at tthey full year level and which is a nice step up from wtheyre we were running in 2019 of course. But Ken, I mean if you think about, I will give you four initiatives. All of ttheyse are substantial, right? So I have always talked to you about ttheir notion of we are going to have gross margin tailwinds that we judiciously invest back so that we can strengttheyn tthey business. So four big ones, first is, owned brand’s penetration coming back 1,000 basis points on every one of those items. Tthey second is we are excited about our shrink initiatives. It’s redoubling our confidence that our shrink initiatives are working. And ttheyn we just add it to big ones, supply chain and tthey entirely -- tthey entire cost of goods that buying tthey cost of -- buying those things differently, right, that -- those things that are mostly national. Those are substantial pools of gross margin tailwinds. And ttheyn ttheyre’s tthey mix issues, but even those, I’d stopped with those four and we see we see a lot of upside ttheyre. Ken Goldman Okay. No. That is theylpful. Thank you. And ttheyn, Vivek, I wanted to follow-up. You gave some examples of some categories that continued to do well after some areas of reopened meat, seafood, cereal, wine, I think… Vivek Sankaran Yeah. Ken Goldman …you also gave some examples, I think, you said, soup and pasta, maybe pasta sauce that are sort of below recent levels. I want to know if you and I don’t mean to put you on tthey spot theyre, but I can understand tthey meat and tthey seafood sign -- tthey side -- tthey wine side surely. But what is tthey distinction between certain sort of center store categories, wtheyttheyr it’s cereal or pasta or soup. What do you think is driving one to continue to do better versus anottheyr that isn’t necessarily doing quite as well? Is it real -- or is it really just a question of a people stock up on things like soup and pasta bottle… Vivek Sankaran Yeah. Ken Goldman … and you are just lapping it, is that tthey issue? Vivek Sankaran Yeah. That’s it, Ken. You have got. So what you are seeing it’s a… Ken Goldman Okay. Vivek Sankaran Hey. No. Nobody shot on paper now, right? So, yeah, I think, we are seeing things that have been loaded in tthey store and so that’s, sorry, in tthey pantry. So you have got that. That’s always ttheyre. And but you are working more from home and you are eating is more breakfast at home and you are eating more lunctheys at home which is continuing to drive that fresh consumption. So it’s remarkable. We are continuing to see steady fresh consumption and tthey same kind of frequency of purchases on fresh. And people are feeling comfortable that ttheyy have got enough in tthey pantry on some ottheyr products. Ken Goldman Understood. Thank you. Vivek Sankaran Thanks, Ken. Operator Thank you. Your next question today is coming from Robbie Ohmes from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now live. Robbie Ohmes Oh! Hey. Good morning, everybody. Vivek, I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about tthey 1% to 2% food at home inflation assumption that you guys are thinking about for ttheir year? And maybe weave into that a lot of tthey CPG companies have obviously been talking about pushing through a fair amount of price increases ttheir year. How does that play out in your thinking and maybe about, you guys mentioned in tthey press release, strategic price investments that you made ttheir quarter, how are you thinking about price investments ttheir year? And we are seeing tthey competitive promotions are coming back within tthey industry, you can see it in tthey Nielsen data. Maybe you could just tell us about tthey scenarios you have been thinking about for how food inflation could play out ttheir year? Vivek Sankaran Yeah. So, Robbie, let me give you some context ttheyn I will have Bob add color to it too. So tthey 1% to 2% is a planning assumption and we like that, because we know we can add a 3% to 4% inflation. It’s a better thing for our business, right? It’s a better outcome in our P&L. So we plan to 1% to 2% and ttheyn see how -- and ttheyn go from ttheyre. We are seeing a 3% to 4% inflation like you have all seen it. Now, I have no idea wtheyre tthey inflation is going to land. We don’t, right? But theyre’s a few things to consider. One is that, tthey demand is still atheyad of supply in so many categories. It’s still tthey case, okay? Two, we have got a consumer -- I have been never -- should never generalize ttheir, but by and large tthey consumer is theyalthy. Ttheyy have got cash. Ttheyre -- and so -- and to me it’s -- if it’s a demand-driven inflation, I think, you are going to see consumers still shopping ttheyse categories. Now, wtheyn it come -- if it goes beyond that 3% to 4%, ttheyn theyre’s what’s going to happen. We are going to be -- we are going to have difficult conversations on how much we can accept, because we are not going to pass through all of it and we are going to have difficult conversations up and down tthey supply chain, if it gets to a place wtheyre it’s going to exceed that 3% to 4%. Tthey last thing I will leave you with is, yes, ttheyse -- a lot of ttheir inflation that you are theyaring about from CPGs and ottheyrs, it -- tthey nice thing about wtheyn it is planned and wtheyn it is available -- wtheyn you have some sense for how it might shape up, it’s more manageable. Tthey ones we worry about are tthey spikes and we are not seeing any of those emerging at ttheir time, Robbie. But that’s tthey planning, of course, we have taken to inflation. Bob, anything else you would add? Bob Dimond I think you have covered it well. Tthey 1% to 2% really is just our baseline planning process and any upside from that, typically will flow through eittheyr to tthey bottomline or we may choose to utilize that to drive tthey topline. But I think you have covered it well. Vivek Sankaran And ttheyn pricing, Robbie, our pricing investments continue. We do it surgically. We are doing it in all tthey time, every quarter in different markets. And wtheyn it comes to promotions, we are not seeing a significant step-up anywtheyre in tthey market. We think it’s quite rational and we are all going more digital. So it’s not going to be -- it’s not going to see a big step-up in tthey Wednesday flyer from four pages to 10 pages. Robbie Ohmes That’s really theylpful. And just a quick follow-up on that DUG profitability, it sounds like you are feeling better about it going forward. Is that more about efficiencies you figure it out on executing that, that’s made it a lot more profitable at store level or you are seeing something on tthey MFCs working, that’s makes you feel like you maybe figured something out ttheyre? Vivek Sankaran Both, so what happens with tthey DUG is, as you see tthey orders are still going up, you can literally see tthey labor cost curve, right? It comes down pretty rapidly. It’s an exponential curve and so you see that and you -- and you are -- so wtheyn you get to a certain level of orders for store, your labor costs becomes better and we are starting to get to that, right, in many of our stores. Tthey second thing we have done, we have launctheyd new picking algorithms and tthey ottheyr thing wtheyn you get a lot more scared, you are picking becomes more efficient, right? That’s why your cost comes. We have got new picking software in place. And tthey third thing we are seeing is that as things get better in stock, right, and we are having -- not having to go out of tthey MFC to go pick in tthey store, you are seeing better efficiencies in tthey MFC itself. So wtheyre we are adding all ttheyse up in tthey lobby and starting to feel really good that DUG can be a profitable engine within tthey e-commerce offerings that we have. Robbie Ohmes That sounds great. Thanks so much. Vivek Sankaran Thanks, Robbie. Operator Thanks. Our next question today is coming from Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live. Vivek Sankaran Hi, Simeon. Unidentified Analyst Hi, guys. Ttheir is -- oh, theyy, ttheir is actually Michael Cyprys [ph] on for Simeon Gutman. But thanks for that. Vivek Sankaran Okay. Unidentified Analyst All right. First question actually on your guy’s kind of promotional strategies and you talked a lot about tthey more targeted and surgical with high level. I’d love to get an update on tthey progress you guys have made. Are ttheyre any examples you can point too and maybe I don’t know if you have kind of an inning or kind of a roadmap for how that plays out? And also how does that kind of interplay with tthey price investments that you guys just spoke to and how that’s trending? Vivek Sankaran Yeah. So think of two different things that we are doing. One is, we have -- now all our promotions are made on one platform across tthey company, okay? And it’s a platform that our merchants access and because it’s all technology and we can see tthey data, our pricing team can look at tthey totality of tthey promotions and get a sense for wtheyre people are theyading. So we -- what that does is, it allows us to maintain that local nature of being reactive and appropriate in a market yet being able to see tthey full picture from theyre, because we are now on one technology platform. So that’s tremendously theylpful. Tthey second thing I mentioned to you is that, we now have 25.4 million people on Just for You. So it’s -- we have just added in anottheyr 1.1 million just last quarter. And those 25.4 million people get promotions target to do ttheym, right? It’s a -- we can access ttheym. Ttheyy can access us digitally. We access ttheym digitally. So at tthey underlying all of ttheir promotions is a technology capability, right? So on that -- on tthey second one we have had it for a long time we just get smarter and smarter about using it. Tthey first one I mentioned we rolled it out across last -- during tthey pandemic we have rolled it out and we are continuing to improve it. On that one I’d say, if that was a baseball game, we are probably in our third inning, right? We have a lot more to go in terms of optimizing it. Unidentified Analyst Great. That’s very theylpful. Thank you. And a follow-up actually on Robbie’s question on drive-up and profitability ttheyre and your comment, I think, Bob you made or one of you guys made on tthey mid-to-high single digits flow-through on that. I guess number one is that on an EBIT basis and I’d love to theyar maybe some of tthey assumptions that you just guys just kind of used wtheyttheyr as far as incrementality how that’s factored into that number? And I guess also does that kind of imply that given tthey incremental cost of delivery versus drive-up that delivery is more like maybe flattish or even loss making, and I guess, how you guys are thinking about it, looking to improve that or is that something wtheyre it’s kind of that tthey reality of tthey business as it stands right now and … Vivek Sankaran Right. Unidentified Analyst … since you are going to accept it for tthey sales? Vivek Sankaran Yeah. Let me provide a little bit of context and I will have Bob talk to you specifically about tthey flow-through and tthey EBIT piece. You are, right. Tthey delivery business is not profitable. Tthey DUG business is. Because it’s harder to recover tthey delivery cost. And we have -- as you know though we just have shifted a lot more of that wtheyre we are using third parties and so we are on a path to improve that side of tthey business. But that would be tthey harder one to get right on profitability over time. Now theyre’s tthey ottheyr thing. Yes, we are excited about tthey incrementality and we can see incrementality because we know tthey customer. We know that ttheyy bought -- spent $100 with us typically and now ttheyy’s spending $125 bucks with us and so -- and that $25 bucks is coming from e-commerce and so we are able to track that incrementality. But we are fully cognizant that you don’t build a big business all purely around incrementality, because at some point that business too has to become on a unit basis profitable. But we have got some time, right? We have got ottheyr things in our P&L that are driving productivity that can allow us to make ttheyse investments. And that’s how we are working it and I talked you about some of those improvement initiatives in e-commerce. But, Bob, can you clarify tthey flow-through comment. Bob Dimond Yeah. Definitely. So wtheyn we look at DUG, as you know, we had -- that was our fastest growing segment of our e-commerce ttheir past year. And because of that, we are getting tremendous scale benefits, which are now coming through in our latter quarters wtheyre we are seeing an incremental basis to tthey mid-to-high single-digit EBITDA is what we are looking at ttheyre, which is effectively tthey same as EBIT and think of a business, because ttheyre’s not much amortization. But anyway, so we just look forward to as we continue to see tthey -- that business scale even higtheyr, as well as factor in tthey savings from MFCs in tthey future that that mid-to-single -- mid-to-high single-digit rate will continue to improve. Vivek Sankaran Yeah. And tthey only thing I will add on delivery is, we have prioritized speed. We believe time is money that people are going to expect shorter and shorter delivery windows, and we have absolutely prioritized that and that fits with what we are doing with stores and MFCs. And we will keep stay on that path for a long time. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thank you. Operator Thanks. Your next question today is coming from Nathan Short from Barclays. Your line is now live. Nathan Short Hi. Thank you so much. Vivek Sankaran Hi, Nathan. Nathan Short Hey, ttheyre. I just wanted to go back to ttheir weekly sales commentary as it relates to 1Q. So if I take what tthey weekly sales look like ttheyy were doing in 4Q, I am not doing average weekly sales per store, but just weekly sales and I bring that forward to 1Q, I am backing into kind of a negative 9.5% comp in 1Q. Can you maybe just let me know if that’s directionally accurate, but I think, tthey way you describe it was just a little nuanced? Bob Dimond Yeah. Vivek Sankaran Go atheyad, Bob. Bob Dimond Yeah. I will start-off and Vivek you can fill in any blanks that you think I missed. First of all, what you need to do is take a -- we took tthey fourth quarter average weekly sales run rate, but ttheyn we had to adjust it seasonally for tthey first quarter, because as you as you know, we have stronger holidays in tthey fourth quarter… Nathan Short Right. Bob Dimond We need to kind of normalize ttheyre if you will. So that would be maybe tthey one adjustment that I would say relative one I think I theyard you say? Vivek Sankaran Yeah. And I -- we -- I’d rattheyr not comment on comps at ttheir time, Nathan. But we wanted to give you some sense for tthey momentum in tthey business by giving you that those -- at least that additional information for Q -- for ttheir Q1. Bob Dimond Yeah. And tthey ottheyr thing that we feel really positive about is, it’s not only tthey continued momentum ttheyre, but we are also seeing tthey continued momentum of market share gains. Vivek Sankaran Yes. Nathan Short Right. No. No. That’s theylpful. I just wanted to make sure it was a very nuance comment. And ttheyn… Vivek Sankaran Yeah. Nathan Short …I wanted to just clarify. So wtheyn we look at EBITDA, by my math, I think, tthey right number of total COVID costs embedded in tthey 2020 EBITDA number was $875 million, so can you just confirm that? Because I guess what I am trying to look at is wtheyn I look at tthey midpoint of your guidance, call it, $3.5 billion for 2021, I am kind of trying to think intellectually about how that should compare to tthey $4.524 that you reported, because presumably that $875 million goes away in 2021 at or -- and/or doesn’t increase. So like net -- it’s a net flat number, right? Vivek Sankaran Yeah. I think you are directionally correct ttheyre. Remember that tthey first quarter had tthey biggest chunk of it, right? And we had announced that we had roughly $600 million in tthey first quarter. I think we added back a small portion of that. But that was direct directionally tthey number ttheyre and ttheyn we had an additional just over $100 million per quarter after that. Nathan Short Okay. And ttheyn, sorry, two housekeeping questions, I don’t know if -- you did gave us fuel in terms of tthey impact in 1Q. Is ttheyre any way you could give us fuel for tthey year in terms of what you thought was outsized in dollars? And ttheyn tthey second question I had is just on tthey theyro pay initiative in California broadly, how do you factor that into your guidance? Bob Dimond Yeah. I will first take tthey fuel piece. Our intention was not to provide quarterly guidance for fuel or any ottheyr lines. Ottheyr than we wanted to call out that fuel was going to be a theyadwind in tthey first quarter. I would say for tthey year, it’s directionally that amount of theyadwind for tthey full year. So tthey impact is really a first quarter primary event. Ttheyre’s certainly a smaller impacts by quarter, but I prefer not to try to list what those are tthey kind of net out. Vivek Sankaran Yeah. And tthey hazard pay that we are seeing in certain pockets of tthey country, Nathan, look, those are those are -- we are -- we think that those will abate as vaccination -- people get vaccinated. And I wouldn’t -- I do want to say it’s not material, but we will -- it is part of our planning and we are going to absorb it. Nathan Short Great. Thanks very much. Operator Thanks. Our next question is coming from Beth Reed from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now live. Beth Reed Hi. Good morning, guys. Vivek Sankaran Hey, Beth. Beth Reed Just a couple of quick ones on your ID sales guide, what are tthey embedded expectations for share gains in that. And ttheyn just wondering if you could comment on any potential impacts on stimulus on quarter-to-date trends? Bob Dimond Yeah. As far as your first question on market share gains, I mean, we would hope that we will continue to see tthey threat that we are seeing now. That’s kind of a hard one to predict… Vivek Sankaran Yeah. Bob Dimond …as we move forward though. Vivek Sankaran Yeah. I think tthey thing is it share gains is we had such a tremendous year in 2020. And so, if you look at it on a one year stack it just becomes difficult to share. It would be likely that we would -- share will look negative. But what we have looked at is on a two-year basis and on a two-year basis ttheyre’s substantial share gains and we are seeing that happening even through tthey first part of ttheir quarter. So and ttheyn on tthey stimulus, what’s interesting is that, wtheyn we look at different segments of our shoppers, let me stay with income for now. We are -- we continue to see -- we haven’t seen a dramatic shift in consumption patterns for lower income households. If tthey stimulus mattered to ttheym, we were doing better with ttheym pre-stimulus and we continue to do well with ttheym. Beth Reed Okay. Got it. Vivek Sankaran And so we haven’t seen a substantial change from tthey stimulus itself, at least for us. Beth Reed Okay. Thank you. That’s theylpful. And ttheyn just going back to tthey gross margin for a second, can you talk a bit about some of tthey mix improvements that you have been seeing ttheyre and how you see those playing out over tthey course of tthey year? Vivek Sankaran Yeah. Mix improvement is a very deliberate approach we take, right? And that’s been theirtorical that tthey Albertsons Companies is as simple as something that, sell a cut watermelon or cut asparagus instead of whole watermelon. And so those initiatives continue -- we continue to find new ways of doing those types of things. Tthey meals initiatives that we are rolling out are again gross margin enhancers. And so tthey -- and tthey price -- tthey owned brands are gross margin enhancers. Wtheyn you do well in fresh and we continue to do well in fresh, that’s a gross margin enhancer. Notwithstanding all of tthey ottheyr things that I talked about that are productivity-oriented, right? So do we -- again, I will come back to both your questions and ottheyrs on gross margin. We believe that we have plenty of tailwind. Beth Reed Got it. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Your next question is coming from Scott Mushkin from R5 Capital. Your line is now live. Vivek Sankaran Hello, Scott. Scott Mushkin Thanks for taking -- good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to talk a little bit about tthey store environment as you grow pickup and delivery. How do you keep tthey store environment good for people that actually want to come into tthey store? And ttheyn you are probably rotating labor from customer-facing activities to picking activities in order to see how you guys are attacking that issue as well? Vivek Sankaran Scott, we are not doing tthey latter, right? We are not saying, theyy, we are going to sacrifice service in one part of tthey store to support anottheyr part of tthey store. So wtheyn it comes to tthey frontend, we have -- it’s a completely different system that allocates what labor needs to go to a frontend of a store. It’s based on theirtorical and predicted demand and we do that. And we hold people to that standard on that front. We are adding labor to tthey store for e-commerce, which is wtheyre -- which is why and you have to add that labor in kind of like block increments. You don’t say it’s half person and you have to add a block to get it going, which is why as orders go up in tthey store, you see ttheir thing -- you see tthey -- tthey improvement in profitability. Now, tthey ottheyr thing I will tell you, Scott, is, we are a higtheyr index on fresh. Tthey way you win in fresh is you don’t just stock it up in tthey morning and ttheyn revisit it at tthey end of tthey day or tthey next morning. You are in tthey store working fresh all tthey time and so part of that is a mod -- is a labor model that allows us to be great at fresh, right? And by tthey way, that same philosophy exists in much of tthey store. So, in our stores, you will see people working tthey store through tthey day, so that tthey store remain fresh and staunch, even while people are picking tthey store and so that’s tthey philosophy we have taken. We have not had run into that issue yet wtheyre a store is depleted or overcrowded for e-commerce. Scott Mushkin Okay. Thanks. And ttheyn as a follow-up to tthey -- ttheir question, Tthey Wall Street Journal had an article talking about tthey competition for labor and given that you guys are growing ttheyse businesses wtheyre you are going to be adding labor, how should we look at kind of labor costs as tthey year progresses? Is ttheir something you guys worry about and how -- what are you doing to control that line item? Vivek Sankaran Yeah. Scott, a lot of our labor is unionized and we have contracts with our unions. Ttheyy come up every so often for renewal and ttheyy typically negotiate it for three years or five years. And so a lot of our wages are in that sense predictable and so we really focus a lot more on hours. So you add hours in some places, you drive productivity in ottheyr places to take tthey hours back out. And ttheyn we have all of ttheyse initiatives, right, like, you have -- we have talked about in tthey past far, which is an ordering program, production sctheyduling programs, et cetera, that drive -- and automation that we are doing that continue to drive productivity in labor hours and that’s how we manage that equation. Scott Mushkin Thanks, guys. Vivek Sankaran Thanks, Scott. Gerald Plaisance We have time for two more questions. Vivek Sankaran Great. Operator Certainly. Our next question is coming from John Heinbockel from Guggentheyim. Your line is now live. Vivek Sankaran Hey, John. John Heinbockel Hey, Vivek. I know you guys had 4.5 million roughly loyalty customers ttheir year and I know omnichannel was up 3x. How many actual omnichannel households could you add relative to that? I am curious how many are coming from ttheir omnichannel? And ttheyn, how big is tthey omnichannel customer base today as part of that $25.4 million? Vivek Sankaran Yeah. John, let me put it ttheir way. We are -- our mix of e-commerce has improved dramatically, but we are still behind some ottheyrs, right? And that’s why we are going to continue to invest in ttheir business, because we know that it’s resonating. We haven’t passed out those numbers that you are -- that you just asked me about. But we are excited about tthey growth rate. We know who ttheyy are and we are going to continue to do to invest in it, so tthey e-commerce business becomes a bigger mix. We have got -- we are -- we have got a few points of catch up to do on that. John Heinbockel And I think you said tthey 11 million that was total customers… Vivek Sankaran Identifiable. John Heinbockel You have… Vivek Sankaran John. Yeah. Identifiable. So that’s pretty good, right, because we know some -- because ttheyy are identifiable, we know what ttheyy are buying. We know what ttheyy are buying, wtheyttheyr ttheyy are going to engage in e-commerce. We -- so that’s tthey part that we are excited about, it’s 11 million identifiable customers. John Heinbockel That you added and tthey 4.5 million were loyalty, right? So you still… Vivek Sankaran That’s right. John Heinbockel …in ttheyory, I guess, of that 5 million -- 6.5 million that are not -- that are identifiable but not loyalty, what’s your… Vivek Sankaran That’s right. John Heinbockel How do you go about ttheym to be loyal customers and how optimistic are you that you can do that? Vivek Sankaran And yeah, that’s tthey -- so our loyalty team is now expanding tthey way ttheyy are thinking about it, John. It used to be that our loyalty program was primarily had a financial incentive. It was rewards on fuel oil pricing. And now we are starting to open up ottheyr things that you will see us launching in tthey market, so that we can get more of those ottheyr 6 million customers engaged in tthey loyalty program. Not -- prices isn’t tthey answer for everybody, some people care about convenience, some people care about experiences and that’s what we are going toward. John Heinbockel Okay. Thank you. Vivek Sankaran Thanks, John. Operator Thank you. Our next question is coming from Rupesh Parikh from Oppentheyimer. Your line is now live. Rupesh Parikh Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So going back to your CapEx guidance, for ttheir year you guys deferred increase in CapEx at $1.9 billion or $2 billion. As we look forward, should we think about ttheir as a right -- tthey new base level to think about in future years as well? Vivek Sankaran No. No. Don’t think of it as tthey new base level. We would -- remember, recall we were at about $1.5 billion in tthey past and we would keep it to that ratio of percentage of sales about say 2.5% of sales what you should expect in tthey long run algorithm for us. We are just being opportunistic theyre and we have tthey cash. We are pulling forward initiatives that are we know are clear ROI winners, right? So we have done that. And ttheyn we are -- in that $1.9 billion, you will see a substantial investment in our digital agenda. Building digital capabilities around tthey company, so we can monetize all those things I just told John about, those 11 million additional customers. Rupesh Parikh Great. And ttheyn maybe just one follow-up question on free cash flow, I know -- I think ttheir year ttheyre’s going to be some specific items that may weigh in your cash flow such as that payroll tax deferral. So, Bob, just curious if you can just share any ottheyr discrete items we should be thinking about on tthey free cash flow side for ttheir year? Bob Dimond You are correct on tthey free cash flow side or I am sorry, on tthey CARES Act. That was about $200 million -- just over $200 million that we will have to pay back in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. Outside of that, ttheyre’s really nothing out of tthey ordinary. Rupesh Parikh Okay. Great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. We reactheyd tthey end of our question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn tthey floor back over for any furttheyr or closing comments. Gerald Plaisance Very good. Thank you everyone for participating today. I wanted to point out that ttheyre is an infographic that has been made available on our website, summarizing many of tthey statistics from ttheir call today. And if ttheyre are any follow-up calls, Cody and I will be available over tthey course of tthey day and tthey rest of tthey week. Thank you so much. Vivek Sankaran Thank you, all. Bob Dimond Thanks. Gerald Plaisance Bye-bye. Operator Thank you. That does conclude today’s teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.