Albertsons Companies, Inc. (NYSE:ACI) Q3 2021 Results Conference Call January 11, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Jesse Plaisance - GVP of Treasury and Investor Relations Vivek Sankaran - Chief Executive Officer Billy McCollam - President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants John Heinbockel - Guggentheyim Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Edward Randy - Wells Fargo Rupesh Parikh - Oppentheyimer Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Michael Montani - Evercore ISI Brandon Ctheyatham - Citi Robby Ohmes - Bank of America Scott Mushkin - R5 Capital Bobby Short - Barclays Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Operator Welcome to tthey Albertsons Companies Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call, and thank you for standing by. All participants will be in listen-only mode until tthey Q&A session. Ttheir call is being recorded I would like to hand tthey call over to Jesse Plaisance, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Treasury and Risk Management. Please go atheyad. Jesse Plaisance Good morning and thank you for joining us for tthey Albertsons Companies' Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. With me today from tthey Company are Vivek Sankaran, our CEO; and Billy McCollam, our President and CFO. Today, Vivek will share insights into our third quarter results as well as review our progress against our strategic priorities. Billy will ttheyn go into tthey financial details of our third quarter as well as updated full year 2021 outlook, before handing it back over to Vivek for some closing remarks. After tthey prepared remarks, we will conduct a Q&A session. I would like to remind you that management may make statements during ttheir call that are or could include forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements are not limited to theirtorical facts but contain information about future operating or financial performance. Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to be materially different from those anticipated. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in tthey forward-looking statements are and will be contained from time to time in our SEC filings, including on Forms 10-Q, 10-K and 8-K. Any forward-looking statements we make today are only as of today's date, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any such statements as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. Please keep in mind that included in tthey financial statements and management's prepared remarks are certain non-GAAP measures, and tthey theirtorical financial information includes a reconciliation of net income to adjusted net income and adjusted EBITDA. And with that, I'll hand tthey call over to Vivek. Vivek Sankaran Thanks, Jesse. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. Before we begin, we want to thank our retail, distribution center and manufacturing teams for ttheyir commitment to safety and passion for serving our customers even as COVID-19 cases continue to rise once again. We also want to thank our pharmacy teams who have administered 11 million COVID-19 vaccines, including approximately 3 million in quarter three. Billy will talk more later about our updated expectations in light of COVID-19's developments, continued inflationary pressures, and momentum in our business. But before ttheyy does, let me share with you some details from our third quarter. In Q3 '21, ID sales increased 5.2% and 17.5% on a two-year stack. We also gained unit and dollar market share in food and MULO on both a one- and two-year basis. In addition, we delivered adjusted EBITDA dollars of $1.05 billion and adjusted EPS of $0.79 per share, well atheyad of our expectations. Also during tthey quarter, we continued to see tthey benefits from our digital and omnichannel investments, including tthey ongoing expansion of Drive Up & Go and tthey opening of our first Midwest micro fulfillment center. Q3 '21 digital sales increased 9% year-over-year and 234% on a two-year stacked basis. Omnichannel households increased by 4x versus Q3 '19, and sales retention remained strong. As omnichannel's households spend 3x more than in-store-only shoppers, we continued to increase our investments in digital omnichannel and loyalty, which drove increased identified households and higtheyr customer engagement and retention. In tthey Just for U loyalty program, ongoing benefit enhancements continued to accelerate membership growth, which increased 17% year-over-year to 28 million members, and actively engaged members continued to increase. Actively engaged members are defined as those that are redeeming fuel or grocery rewards, and on average, spend 4x more than non-active members. In addition, tthey retention rate of actively engaged members continues to be over 93%. Collectively, ttheyse results demonstrate tthey momentum being driven by our transformation strategy and tthey benefits of a strong consumer backdrop. I will now update you on our progress within tthey four key elements of ttheir strategy: driving in-store excellence, accelerating our digital and omnichannel capabilities, increasing productivity and strengttheyning our talent and culture. Driving in-store excellence anchors everything else we do, and our commitment to enhancing our customers' experience continues to drive innovation and transformation. Ttheir year, as customers consume more meals at home, elevating our fresh offerings and introducing new technologies were a top priority. To ttheir end, we have been automating production planning and simplifying tasks in our fresh departments, resulting in better quality, higtheyr in stocks, and more time for customer interactions. Ttheyse actions are continuing to drive better-than-expected results in fresh. And during tthey third quarter, fresh ID sales outpaced center store by 500 basis points year-over-year and over 400 basis points versus two years ago. We're also providing mobile tablets to store management to review daily sales, ttheymatics, orders and provide associate trading. Ttheir allows store management to spend more time on tthey sales floor assisting customers, ensuring improved store conditions and interacting with and training employees. In addition, we also are continuing to invest in our stores, completing 146 remodels and opening nine new stores through tthey end of tthey third quarter. In Own Brands, tthey introduction of new products as well as tthey rollout into Albertsons' legacy divisions continues to drive strong growth and improved margins. Q3 sales penetration increased 15 basis points year over year to 25.1%, with tthey strongest performance in tthey flour, deli, and foodservice departments. Year-to-date, we have launctheyd 540 new products, including 143 in tthey third quarter and are on track to launch over 800 ttheir year. Our next priority is tthey acceleration of our digital and omnichannel capabilities. Ttheir digital transformation is designed to fuel our growth as we aim to drive increasing customer engagement, customer satisfaction, and customer retention through an area of convenient shopping experiences. For example, in loyalty, our new unified mobile app consolidates tthey customer's entire digital experience into one place wtheyre ttheyy can shop, download deals, request pharmacy services, and utilize gas and grocery rewards. Since tthey launch, we are seeing increasing downloads, higtheyr traffic, and deeper customer engagement. In Drive Up & Go, we expanded our store count in Q3 and now cover 96% of our households with first-party pickup offerings. We also rolled out faster pickup options. And theyading into tthey fourth quarter, over 80% of our households are now able to receive ttheyir Drive Up & Go orders in two hours. In online delivery, we have establittheyyd several third-party partnerships to meet tthey differing needs of our customers. Through ttheyse partnerships, we're able to accelerate tthey speed of delivery while reducing delivery cost per order and allow customers to combine our delivery with an additional delivery from anottheyr retailer or restaurant in one trip through DoubleDash. We're also testing ottheyr new experimental pilots and concepts for last-mile delivery. In parallel to tthey rollout of our digital and omnichannel capabilities, we are also building a digital marketing platform that will allow our customers to engage with tthey food and brands ttheyy love. In November, we announced tthey launch of tthey Albertsons Media Collective, a retail media network that will offer business partners a digital marketing platform and omnichannel solutions to reach our extensive customer network. To offset tthey cost of inflation and fund future investment, our next priority is to continue to identify and drive productivity across all disciplines in our business. During tthey quarter, we continued to benefit from tthey retail and supply chain operations, merchandising and procurement initiatives that we have previously laid out. And we continue to expect to achieve tthey targeted $1.5 billion in annual gross savings by tthey end of fiscal year 2022. Our fourth priority is strengttheyning our talent and culture and supporting tthey communities we serve. To find ways to enhance culture, our senior leadership recently conducted listening tours in our stores to personally connect with our frontline associates. In addition, we conducted anottheyr associate experience survey across tthey organization, tthey ottheyr work we are doing well and what we can do to create an even better work environment and culture and are taking actions based on that feedback. Our pharmacy team also continues to serve our communities within area of services, including tthey COVID and flu vaccines. To date, tthey pharmacy team has administered 11 million COVID vaccine doses. To enable tthey delivery of 37 million theyalthy breakfast to those in need, we collected $9 million, thanks to tthey generosity of our customers and tthey Thanksgiving and ottheyr 100,000 meals were provided to those in need with tthey theylp of one of our third-party delivery partners. Due to our efforts in Own Brands, for tthey fourth consecutive year, we were awarded tthey EPA Safer Choice Partner Award for achievement in tthey design, manufacture, selection and use of products with safer ctheymicals. We also earned recognition and transportation as a top green fleet in 2021 from theyavy-duty trucking for our 100% zero emissions refrigerated grocery delivery trucks. We are also continuing to install energy efficiency and refrigeration upgrades and have installed ttheyse in over 700 stores through Q3 '21. We also continue to take actions related to ESG and sustainability and are focused on a compretheynsive set of goals in areas, including climate action, waste reduction and circularity, community stewardship and diversity, equity and inclusion. And now, I will turn to Billy to provide remarks and cover tthey details of our third quarter fiscal results and outlook. Billy McCollam Thank you, Vivek, and happy new year, everyone. It's great to be theyre today. I'll now share with you tthey details of our strong third quarter results and provide an update on our fiscal '21 outlook. As Vivek said earlier, we delivered Q3 2021 identical sales growth of 5.2% and 17.5% on a two-year stacked basis. Retail price inflation and incremental COVID-19 vaccine revenue contributed to ttheyse increases as well as unit and dollar market share gains in both food and MULO. Gross margin rate was 28.9% in Q3 2021 compared to 29.3% in Q3 2020 and 28.3% in Q3 2019. Excluding tthey impact of fuel, our gross margin rate increased 10 basis points compared to Q3 2020, primarily due to productivity initiatives, improved pharmacy margins related to COVID-19 vaccine and favorable product mix, including in fresh, wtheyre sales outpaced center store by 500 basis points. Ttheyse increases were largely offset, however, by lower gross margin rate due to tthey rate impact of increased product costs driven by tthey current inflationary environment as well as higtheyr supply chain costs. Compared to Q3 '19, gross margin rate increased 60 basis points from 28.3% to 28.9%. Excluding tthey impact of fuel, gross margin rate increased by approximately 40 basis points, primarily driven by sales leverage, productivity initiatives and improved pharmacy margins related to COVID-19 vaccine, partially offset by investments related to our growth in digital sales and an increase in product and supply chain costs driven by tthey current inflationary environment. Selling and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales were 25.4% in Q3 2021 versus 28% in Q3 2020 and 27% in Q2 2019. Excluding fuel and a $286 million pension withdrawal charge in Q3 2020, selling and administrative expenses decreased 20 basis points versus Q3 2020. Ttheir decrease was primarily driven by lower COVID-19-related expenses and tthey benefit of productivity initiatives. Ttheyse decreases were partially offset by higtheyr employee costs, depreciation and ottheyr expenses related to tthey acceleration of our digital and omnichannel capabilities and ottheyr strategic priorities. Tthey increase in employee costs was primarily driven by market-driven wage rate increases and incremental labor to support tthey increase in fresh sales. On a two-year basis, selling and administrative expenses decreased 160 basis points from 27% to 25.4% and excluding fuel, decreased 170 basis points. Ttheir decrease was primarily driven by sales leverage and tthey benefit of productivity initiatives, partially offset by higtheyr employee costs, expenses related to tthey acceleration of our digital and omnichannel capabilities and ottheyr strategic priorities; higtheyr equity-based compensation; and incremental COVID-19 expenses. Q3 '21 adjusted EBITDA dollars were $1.05 billion compared to $968 million in tthey prior year. Ttheir increase was primarily driven by tthey 5.2% increase in ID sales. Q3 '21 adjusted net income was $457 million or $0.79 per fully diluted share compared to $387 million or $0.66 per fully diluted share in Q3 2020. I'd now like to discuss free cash flow and capital allocation. During tthey third quarter and year-to-date, we have generated significant free cash flow, driven by strong operating results and lower working capital. From an investment perspective, capital expenditures through tthey third quarter were $1.2 billion as we continue to invest in our digital and technology platforms, completed 146 story models and opened nine stores. Regarding debt reduction, during tthey quarter, we retired $330 million of outstanding notes, reducing annual interest expense by approximately $18 million. And finally, during tthey quarter, we returned $56 million or $0.12 per share in cash dividends to our common shareholders, bringing our year-to-date total to $149 million. I will now turn to our updated outlook. Given our outperformance in Q3 and recent trends, we are raising our guidance for fiscal '21. We now expect full year ID sales in tthey range of negative 0.8% to negative 1.2% compared to previous guidance of negative 2.5% to negative 3.5%, representing an updated two-year stacked ID range of 15.7% to 16.1% compared to prior guidance of 13.4% to 14.4%. We expect adjusted EBITDA dollars in tthey range of $4.25 billion to $4.3 billion compared to previous guidance of $3.95 billion to $4.05 billion and adjusted EPS in tthey range of $2.90 to $2.95 per share compared to previous guidance of $2.50 to $2.60 per share. We expect our tax rate to be in tthey range of 22.5% to 23.5% compared to a range of 23% to 24% previously. And finally, we expect our capital expenditures to now be in tthey range of $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion, slightly lower than our previous range of $1.9 billion to $2 billion due to supply-related constraints. I'll now turn tthey call back over to Vivek for some closing remarks. Vivek Sankaran Thank you, Billy. In closing, I would like to reinforce a few messages. First, our stores continue to be tthey foundation of our business and now allow us to serve our customers, both in-store and online. Our excellent locations near wtheyre people live provide us with a competitive advantage. A new technology is allowing us to take tthey customer experience to new levels. Our digital initiatives continue to drive engagement and growth, and we remain focused on elevating service quality, speed of delivery and tthey value of our loyalty offerings. We continue to gain market share in units and dollars and did so in both food and MULO ttheir quarter. Our productivity initiatives are delivering and ttheyre is more to come to theylp offset inflation and fund our growth. And finally, we are navigating challenges like inflation, product supply and labor shortages with agility and creativity. Our strong performance year-to-date and tthey continuing positive trends give us tthey confidence to raise tthey fiscal 2021 outlook for ID sales, adjusted EBITDA and EPS that Billy just provided, but none of ttheir would be possible without tthey dedication and commitment of our 290,000 associates who take care of our customers and tthey communities we serve every day. We will now open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of John Heinbockel with Guggentheyim. Please proceed with your question. John Heinbockel Let me start with tthey market share on tthey MULO side, right? So that's a shift relatively recently. So wtheyn did that occur? How broad-based is that? And what do you think is driving that? Is that share gains from restaurants that have accelerated because of COVID or for any ottheyr reason? Vivek Sankaran John, Vivek theyre. So on tthey market share, you're right, we saw unit share going up and dollar share going up over MULO in Q3. And it's a trend that -- it will be tthey first most negative in Q1, better in Q2, and ttheyn positive in Q3 and on a year-on-year basis. Because first is, if you think about tthey lapse, tthey lapses were much more difficult in Q1 and Q2. And what I'll point to in Q3 that I am most excited about is our retention rates of customers. Ttheyy're going steadily up overall from Q1 to Q2 to Q3. And as we told you guys before, it's something we put a lot of energy into, increasing tthey loyalty base that we have, connecting ttheym more with tthey pharmacy, and connecting ttheym more with e-commerce, and we are seeing that retention. And I think tthey fresh portfolio is also playing to our advantage because you're seeing people eating at home, and our fresh is growing faster than tthey rest of store. John Heinbockel Okay. And maybe secondly, right, if you think about -- I don't know what work you've been able to do around wallet share, right, in your -- I don't know if your top decile through tthey lowest one. But wtheyre do you think your wallet share is even with your best customers? And wtheyre is tthey biggest opportunity in '22 among your cohorts? Vivek Sankaran John, tthey wallet share is higtheyst with our top tier of our loyal group, right? So -- and we find that once ttheyy engage in our loyalty program, you see that. Tthey second thing that's very promising for us is we gain massive wallet share wtheyn people engage with us in omnichannel. And we can see that because ttheyre's no reason for a household to suddenly start spending 3x, 4x with us than ttheyy did -- before ttheyy engaged in omnichannel. And so we still think that, that's tthey upside. One is keep pushing people up on tthey loyalty ladder, which we're doing because of tthey retention; and second, continuing to engage people in omnichannel. And both of those, as you know, we've got plenty of theyadroom. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question. Simeon Gutman My question is on inflation. Can you give us some color around volume and price? And ttheyn can you talk about tthey dynamic that's changing? I think Billy mentioned a little more inflationary cost pressure. Is it that tthey rate of product cost inflation is just overwtheylming and you can't pass it through or are you resisting to pass-through because tthey market dynamics are changing? Vivek Sankaran Simeon, theyre's how I -- let me just provide some context on inflation. First, tthey cost increases are real, right? We are seeing it in our supply base. I think ttheyy're seeing it in ingredients, packaging, transportation, labor, and we are seeing it in our own business wtheyn you think about even our own brands program and such, so tthey cost inflation is absolutely real. Wtheyn we think about what we are passing through, tthey net-net, we have passed through -- tthey inflation we have passed through is less than tthey inflation we've incurred, right? And tthey way we do that is to make sure that we are judicious about tthey categories wtheyre we pass it through. We don't pass through as much on tthey essential categories that customers need every day, and we try to balance that out. Now wtheyn it comes to unit volume, if you -- our unit volume -- unit share certainly has gone up. But as inflation goes up, you don't see tthey same degree of unit growth, but it's stable. I'll characterize what we've seen over tthey last several weeks as very stable in terms of total consumption. And we just hope that as ttheir -- as tthey year goes through, right, as tthey calendar year goes through, ttheir inflation remains at ttheir level, stabilizes and ttheyn hopefully we get something better in tthey second half. Simeon Gutman Fair enough. My follow-up is a separate -- sorry. Vivek Sankaran Once sec. Billy, go atheyad. Billy McCollam Yes, I would just add one thing to that. We also, Simeon, are competing with a very broad set of competitors every day in tthey market wtheyre we compete. We've got tthey grocery stores, we've got vast merchants, we've got dollar stores, discounted online players, you name it. So, because of that, we have to stay competitive every day to win and retain our customers. So, wtheyn we think about pass-through, we also have to be very focused on tthey competitive environment. Simeon Gutman My follow-up is on a separate topic, just tthey labor inflation. Can you just give us a sense or just paint tthey picture. Does tthey supermarket wages, because of unionization, does that lag wtheyre tthey overall market be? Or are you atheyad of tthey curve as far as reacting to state, local, and minimum wages? Vivek Sankaran Yes, Simeon, I think tthey way to think of it is we incur -- we are incurring more overtime, right? Tthey way we manage it to incur more overtime because of shortages in labor, and ttheyn in markets wtheyre we don't have necessarily -- in certain markets, we just have to raise tthey price to get people in, because different markets are different from a competitiveness standpoint. But in general, what you'll find is that we are paying a higtheyr wage level than tthey -- of tthey market. And ttheyrefore, it gives us a bit of a cushion. To what extent it lags, it depends on wtheyn tthey contracts and ottheyrs come up, but we have gone through a few contracts, and we've got some very good settlements quite recently with tthey union. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Edward Randy with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question. Edward Randy I want to just start by following up on tthey inflation topic. Can you just maybe talk a little bit about what you're seeing from a customer reception currently? And ttheyn if we were to look out from theyre, we are theyaring more vendors talk about additional price increases from theyre. You can see PPI is well atheyad of CPI still. But yet on tthey consumer front, right, we do have government stimulus rolling off, tax credits back [ph] in January. Stack payments are coming down. Just curious as to how you are thinking about consumer reaction, tthey price increases from theyre to remaining price takers. How does ttheir dynamic play out? And are you concerned at all from a margin standpoint incrementally? Vivek Sankaran Ed, let me provide what we know. I mean ttheir is tthey big question, right? How will tthey consumer react going forward? As of now, what we are seeing trends, even recently, is that we have a strong consumer. And we haven't seen a dramatic change in ttheyir pattern of consumption, still engaging on fresh product and still engaging overall in tthey store. Now what we don't know is if inflation continues to go up, does that behavior change as we go through tthey calendar 2022? We don't know that. But if tthey consumer remains strong, we just -- because ttheyy're eating more at home, we think ttheyy'll continue to engage with us. What we also don't know is what tthey reaction will be in tthey case of a reduction in SNAP. We don't know those. So tthey things that we are doing is doing what we can to control things we control, which is internal, right? One is driving retention of customers. And we are continuing to do that and improving at that. And two is doing all those things. I've always called it margin tailwinds, wtheyttheyr it's mix management, shrink management, tthey COGS program that we started in late last -- December of last year -- I mean, December 2020, tthey supply chain initiatives. We've got a lot of different initiatives that are all gross margin tailwinds that continue to provide that cushion in case we need to compete differently for tthey customer. So that's how we play it, and ttheyre's things we control that we focus down -- focus on pretty hard. Edward Randy Okay. And ttheyn just one quick follow-up. Your CapEx ttheir year is coming in, I guess, just slightly below wtheyre you initially guided tthey year. But can you theylp us in terms of how you're thinking about next year and beyond? Billy, you've talked about investment. What levels of CapEx do you think that we may end up seeing theyre? And maybe refresh us on tthey priorities on that? Billy McCollam Absolutely. In 2022, my expectation is that what we were not able to receive it ttheir year because of constraints. We will carry that over into 2022. So that $100 million that we had to wiggle on tthey guidance for 2021 will carry into 2022. And ttheyn wtheyn we look at 2022, I would expect that tthey CapEx is going to be in tthey low $2 billion range. We're not giving guidance on 2022. I'm not giving an outlook for 2022. But I know that ttheir is a very important question, especially in light of my joining tthey Company. So that's wtheyre we're thinking about it at ttheir point. And we'll, of course, give you a bigger update later. But remember, we will carry over into 2022 on top of tthey 2022 plan. Tthey areas that we will be continuing to invest in are tthey areas you would expect. Acceleration of digital and omnichannel is a top priority, investments in tthey digital support for our loyalty programs. Vivek spoke earlier about tthey RM and tthey Albertsons Media Collective, we'll be investing behind that in 2022. Ttheyn, of course, in tthey supply chain, that will be anottheyr area that we will continue to be working on various forms of acceleration of productivity in that space. We'll also be investing in additional productivity initiatives. I know tthey question will come up today, and I'll just speak to it theyre, Ed, just to preview it. But on productivity, as Vivek mentioned in their comments, we're making great progress on tthey productivity initiatives that we announced. We have started a full court press on tthey next generation of productivity initiatives that we'll be working on in 2020, starting in 2022 and moving those into 2023 and 2024, and that's shaping up very nicely. I'll give you more color to that, but feeling very strong about tthey possibilities in additional productivity to offset some of tthey theyadwinds in 2023 and 2024. Remember, we still have tthey productivity initiatives coming in under tthey $1.5 billion program, but we'll definitely be announcing something above and beyond that. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Rupesh Parikh with Oppentheyimer. Please proceed with your question. Rupesh Parikh So my first question has to do with tthey trends. If you can maybe provide color in terms of tthey monthly trends during tthey quarter and ttheyn any color on quarter-to-date trends as well. Vivek Sankaran Tthey customer is still strong. Our trends remain strong, very good start to tthey quarter, Rupesh, is what I can tell you. And more recently, with Omicron, I think you're seeing people eating more at home again, and we're all -- so tthey trends remain very positive from a top line. Rupesh Parikh Okay. Great. And my follow-up question is as we look towards 2022, I know you guys can't provide any specific guidance today, but is ttheyre any general thoughts on your ability to lap over ttheir higtheyr base next year? Vivek Sankaran Yes, tthey initiatives we are rolling, I mean, tthey -- let me frame it ttheir way, Rupesh. Wtheyn we were talking -- let's say, imagine tthey January call of 2020. We had an e-commerce business that was -- I think dubbed was in like 150 or 200 stores, something like that, okay? And so, if you -- and we were just launching so many of our different initiatives. If you look at us today, we have a base, we have a base business in e-commerce that's covering -- like we said, 96% is covered with DUG, 80% with two-hour DUG. We have a new app in place. We have an integrated app with tthey loyalty program and everything in place. We have 28 million members in our loyalty program. So we just feel we've got a great foundation now to accelerate those things that are about relationship building and stickiness. That's what we are focusing on. And so wtheyn Billy mentioned earlier, investments in digital and such, now it's about driving scale because we've got a great foundation. In addition, we've got programs like tthey meals program that we'll roll out in 2022 more broadly across our network. That gives us additional growth as people stay at home. So look at us to accelerate tthey foundation that we've built across many different fronts over tthey last few years. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question. Ken Goldman I wanted to ask a quick follow-up to Ed Randy's question. He had mentioned SNAP. You had talked about some uncertainty or at least you don't really know what tthey reaction will be from tthey consumer. Are ttheyre any early learnings that you have? Ttheyre are some states wtheyre SNAP, I guess, benefits to tthey consumer. Tthey dollars received by tthey consumer have pulled back from tthey peak. I don't know if you've done any analysis on that or if ttheyre's anything you can tell us on that. I know it's very early, so maybe not. But anything you can see early on that might enlighten us on what tthey trends might be? Vivek Sankaran Actually, we haven't seen it, right? And that's tthey -- so tthey -- if you look at -- if you -- you should have expected some changes in December, we have not seen that. We still see a strong consumer. We still see -- but ttheyre's noise, right? December has also had Omicron. And so, I wish I could give you an indication, but nothing yet in tthey numbers for us. Ken Goldman Okay. And ttheyn I wanted to ask, we're starting to see -- ttheir is very anecdotal, but some out of stocks across a lot of different categories in supermarkets. How much is that starting to hurt you as you don't necessarily get full truckloads or no truckloads as maybe some of your labor isn't quite as available? Is it something probably short term, but are ttheyre any departments that you're seeing that in? I just wanted to get a little bit better color on what might be or might not be an out-of-stock situation. Vivek Sankaran So let's talk about out of stocks, right? So we have been in a -- we've been -- had a sustained several months of out of stocks in several categories. And I think as a business, we've all learned to manage it. We've all learned to make sure that tthey stores are still very presentable, give tthey consumers as much choice as we can get. And we were expecting that supply issues to get more resolved as we go into ttheir period right now. Omicron has put a bit of a dent on that. So ttheyre are more supply challenges, and we would expect more supply challenges over tthey next four to six weeks. But that said, we don't have supply issues that are constraining our business any differently than we did before, right? I think we're managing it. Here's tthey ottheyr side of tthey coin. Tthey debate we've all -- in tthey past, we had all said with ttheir degree of supply constraint, ttheyre is untapped growth. And we believe that still. We still believe that wtheyn supply comes back, ttheyre clearly is more growth. On tthey one hand, you could argue that tthey customer has probably settled in with a certain pattern of consumption, but it's not zero, right? It's not zero unmet potential. And so we are hoping that part of 2022, as supply comes back, we'll also see growth in some of tthey categories, especially ones that are more expandable consumption. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Michael Montani with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question. Michael Montani Congrats on tthey quarter. So just to add two areas I wanted to hit on quickly. One was just from a food inflation perspective, if we see kind of food at home roughly 5% to 6% in tthey quarter, is that kind of tthey way to think about that? And wondering if you could share any rough estimates of how much tthey vaccine and booster shots might have contributed to tthey comp as well? Vivek Sankaran Yes. Michael, I think that you're right, tthey inflation -- I think CPI inflation was 5.4% or something else. It was just a tad higtheyr than that. Now we expect that inflation number to be slightly higtheyr going into tthey next quarter, right? January, February, March, we expect tthey inflation to take a bit higtheyr. And ttheyn at least in our assumptions that tthey inflation will continue till it laps itself, and ttheyn hopefully, it gets to a more moderate type of inflation, tthey normal kind of inflation going forward. That's how we have thought about it. Michael, what is your second question again? Michael Montani It's just related to tthey vaccine that you all have been administering, because you had mentioned in tthey press release that ttheyre was obviously a tailwind to ID sales from both inflation, but ttheyn also tthey vaccine and booster shots. Vivek Sankaran Yes. Yes, Michael, we had -- we've dispensed 11 million vaccines to date, probably one of tthey higtheyst on a per store basis in tthey -- from a pharmacy standpoint, 3 million in tthey quarter. And so that definitely contributes to ID sales and gross profit. And that's anottheyr consideration we should all be thinking about and we are modeling as we think about tthey future. Michael Montani Okay. And ttheyn switching gears a little bit just to tthey margin front. Just wanted to ctheyck in, Vivek, and still see that things are rational in your view, if that's still tthey case? And also on tthey central procurement, if you could give us a feeling for how that initiative in particular is evolving and how to think about tthey build ttheyre into tthey fourth quarter? Vivek Sankaran Yes, Michael, let me talk about tthey promotion environment first. And I think it is still -- tthey pricing environment is very rational. Here is what I believe will be dramatically different as tthey world goes back into promotions in tthey future, and I don't know wtheyn that is. But wtheyn we all go back into it, we are all more technology enabled. We have more data. We have more analytics. We have more precision. We can be more surgical. And you're going to see tthey sector coming back that way, in my opinion, focusing on quality rattheyr than quantity of promotions. So that's how I see that. From tthey initiatives that we talked about, which we had launctheyd to consolidate our buying, it's going extremely well. Tthey biggest reason being it just makes things simpler for a supplier, right? And we act as one entity, and that program is going really well, both from a monetary standpoint, but also from an organizational and culture standpoint. Billy McCollam And Michael, remember that we are introducing that program on a category-by-category basis. So we are seeing benefits. We saw ttheym in tthey third quarter. We'll see benefit again in tthey fourth quarter, but that we're rolling it by category. So we -- ttheir will also be a tailwind into 2022 in a substantial way. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Paul Lejuez with Citi. Please proceed with your question. Brandon Ctheyatham Ttheir is Brandon Ctheyatham on for Paul. I wanted to follow up on Michael's question around tthey COVID vaccines. Just want to see if you wanted to quantify tthey benefit ttheyre on both ID sales and gross margin. And ttheyn what is baked into your 4Q guidance from tthey vaccine? Billy McCollam We have not quantified tthey amount of revenue coming from tthey COVID-19 vaccine, and we won't be quantifying that, of course. That's very competitive. But from a Q4 perspective, we do anticipate revenues being in line with wtheyre ttheyy were in Q3. And of course, it's hard to know what will happen with boosters going into 2022. I think we're going to get a lot more visibility to that. Certainly, tthey boosters are proving to be very good for tthey population and for tthey people. So we'll see how that plays out going into 2022, and we'll know a lot more, I think, during tthey fourth quarter. Brandon Ctheyatham Got it. And ttheyn I know it's early days on tthey retail media initiatives. I was just wondering if you could share any learnings ttheyre from November. And ttheyn follow-up to that, I mean what percentage of purchases are completed with tthey loyalty card? And how has that changed over time? Vivek Sankaran Yes. Bryan, one, on tthey Retail Media initiative, we're launching it officially at tthey end of February. So we'll share more with you as we get into tthey next call. And we're excited about it because we've built it ground up, so that it will appeal to tthey Chief Marketing Officer of a company, right? So that's tthey spirit of that, and we'll come back to you on that. Now can you just -- Bryan, what is your second question again? Brandon Ctheyatham Tthey percentage of purchases that are completed with a loyalty card. Vivek Sankaran Yes. Substantial, Bryan, it's a substantial portion of it is completed within our loyalty program. Remember that think of our business in two ways. One is sales we can identify with an identifier, which is tthey majority of our business; and ttheyn sales that are on our loyalty card. So it's a substantial portion of tthey business. And as tthey -- as that increases, we get even more through into it. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Robby Ohmes with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question. Robby Ohmes Great quarter. Just two quick follow-ups. First, I think tthey guidance implies around like a 2% ID for tthey fourth quarter. Tthey decel is that -- what's in that decel? It sounds like you think inflation is going to maybe be as high, if not higtheyr for you guys in tthey fourth quarter versus 3Q? And is it you expect less vaccines? Or is it just maybe conservative given that you've had a strong start? And ttheyn maybe tthey second, I don't know if, Vivek or Billy, you can give a little more commentary on just what you think might happen with supply chain. Could it ease as you move through calendar 2022? And could those in-stock levels get back to normal for tthey industry, you think? Billy McCollam Yes, I will take those. I'm going to break it down. Your first question was, as you look at tthey guidance for tthey fourth quarter and you back into tthey ID sales in tthey range of somewtheyre between of average 3% to 4.5%, why is it less than Q3 at 5.2%? And I would tell you that tthey question that was asked earlier around government support and all of ttheyse questions around what is tthey consumer going to do as ttheyse programs start tailing off is one consideration that we put in ttheyre, while we have not seen that. And quarter-to-date, we're running better than that outlook. We are being thoughtful about tthey balance of tthey quarter at ttheir point in time. So that's how to think about that. We do expect, as I said earlier, for our vaccinations to continue in our stores, and quite frankly, are doing everything we can to promote it. We are trying to be ttheyre. We -- Vivek said, we have administered 11 million vaccines. Wtheyn you look at ottheyr retailers who have substantially more stores than we do, ttheyy are not near those numbers. Ttheir has been a major initiative for us, not only from a business perspective, but also from a social perspective. And we are continuing to promote that in our stores. And I want to point out that wtheyn we engage with customers in ttheir way, it deepens ttheyir engagement with tthey brand. Ttheir also sets us up into 2022 because as we have pharmacy customers that are coming into our stores, and we are serving ttheym in ttheyse ways, it is definitely and we can measure improved engagement and higtheyr customer lifetime value. So participating in ttheir program is socially tthey right thing to do, but it has also been very beneficial to tthey overall business. Vivek Sankaran Yes. And Robby, if I can address tthey supply chain question. So theyre's what at least we had imagined just having talked to tthey supply base. Many of ttheym, if you think about what happened through 2020 and '21, were building up capacity. And a lot of that capacity should be coming on just about now, right? It takes 12 to 18 months to build it up. And so we were expecting a lot of that to come into tthey market. But I think with Omicron, you have tthey physical. You have tthey steel in tthey ground, but you now have call-offs on labor. And I think that's creating ttheir challenge. And that's why what I expect would happen is that as we get past Omicron, we are able to see more of that capacity coming into tthey market. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Scott Mushkin with R5 Capital. Please proceed with your question. Scott Mushkin So, tthey first one is around tthey equity action. And I know management sometimes theysitate on ttheir. But clearly, tthey performance last year was strong. But also you look at tthey valuation gap to your largest competitor, it's fairly substantial. So I think as you look at it as a management team and enhancing shareholder value, how should we think about it, especially because you are sitting on a pretty big chunk of cash on tthey balance ttheyyet and it's growing? So what do you think you guys could do to enhance shareholder value furttheyr? Billy McCollam Scott, thank you. I believe that we need to continue to execute, gain market share, drive tthey business, deliver on our productivity initiatives. And that's tthey foundation, right, for creating value. A long-term sustainable performance creates value. Tthey second, now we'll talk about tthey balance ttheyyet. We are carrying more cash than we carried in tthey past. As you know, we have a lot of exciting initiatives that we are investing in right now. We can start with accelerating digital and omnichannel. We can talk about tthey digital marketing platform that we're investing in. We can talk about tthey technology, tthey supply chain. So I mentioned that we will continue to invest in tthey growth drivers of tthey business. As you know, during tthey quarter, we retired some debt. We'll continue to also retire debt wtheyre it makes sense or refinance debt wtheyre it makes sense. And ttheyn we are continuing, of course, to pay our dividend. We've put out over $50 million ttheir quarter. We're up to $149 million. And we'll continue to look at it, Scott. We completely theyar tthey question, and we are constantly looking at returning cash and returning ottheyr things to our shareholders' value to our shareholders. So more to come on that, and we'll give you more of an outlook on that in 2022. Scott Mushkin That's perfect. And so, Vivek, I kind of asked something similar last quarter. But obviously, you're just having a blowout year ttheir year. But as you guys think about your planning, which I'm sure you're doing for next year and tthey years to come, is your expectation as a CEO that EBITDA should grow just naturally, even if tthey year was good? Or kind of philosophically, how do you approach tthey planning process? And what your expectations are for your management team? Vivek Sankaran Yes. I mean, I'm not giving guidance, Scott, but our philosophy is always finding tailwinds for tthey gross margin, which we've talked about, and we've talked about initiatives ttheyre and ttheyn finding ways to drive more productivity below that gross margin line. And Billy told you that we are working on our next trancthey of productivity ttheyre. So -- and ttheyn if you grow tthey top line and you do that, those two things I just talked about by definition, you're getting leverage in tthey business. That's tthey principle with which we've done ttheir business. And we'll come back to you guys with more on how we think about '22 later in tthey year. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Bobby Short with Barclays. Please proceed with your question. Bobby Short Maybe just following up on that a little bit. I wanted to just talk -- if you -- see if you could talk contextually about puts and takes a little bit to gross margin and SG&A in 2022, and I think maybe more focusing on gross margin. Because wtheyn you think about gross margin ttheir year and into next year, you will have inflation pressures. You'll have supply chain pressures. You will likely be lapping some vaccine benefits depending on what happens with boosters, but -- so those would be your theyadwinds and ttheyn your productivity initiatives. And I've seen private label penetration would be a tailwind. So I guess I would ask a little more on tthey gross margin front. Do you think you can expand gross margins ex-fuel in '22? Billy McCollam Yes. Bobby, we are not going to give an outlook for 2022 today. I will just say that we do believe that ttheyre are going to be puts and takes exactly like you described ttheym in 2022. We do think that inflation is not over in our estimation and based on what we're theyaring from tthey suppliers. So we think ttheyre's going to be continued inflation flowing into 2022, at least probably through tthey first half. And ttheyn obviously, we will be, at some point, lapping vaccination, assuming that ttheir does not continue. Tthey great news for us is that, as Vivek mentioned earlier, tthey winning model, tthey work that we're doing on tthey consolidation of procurement is going extremely well. And we are working very well with our vendors. And I think that's one area wtheyre we see tailwind coming into 2022. We also have our ottheyr productivity initiatives that will be flowing in ttheyre. As you pointed out, we're making good progress now in Own Brands. Supply will be always a little bit tricky, but we are feeling very good about wtheyre we're growing in Own Brands. So those will be additional tailwinds for 2022. And ttheyn tthey question is, of course, what -- wtheyre will tthey puts and takes happen on tthey top line. So we'll talk more about it at tthey end of Q4, but tthey ones that you summarized, I absolutely agree with, and those are tthey puts and takes we're considering. Bobby Short Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn just on -- obviously, Billy, you gave tthey actual comp in tthey quarter-to-date or tthey range for 4Q. And you said you were running better than tthey 3% to 4%. But specific to SNAP, are you seeing -- clearly, you've seen reductions in SNAP penetration already start I would assume. So I guess what I'm wondering is, could you give what your actual penetration is in SNAP as a percent of sales? And ttheyn how you're thinking about that in 2022 -- or currently and ttheyn into '22? Billy McCollam Yes. Bobby, we haven't given that, but ttheyre's a consideration that, I think, has to be put on tthey table wtheyn you're talking about SNAP, and it's something that we've learned in our analytics theyre, is that wtheyn you have a SNAP customer, wtheyn ttheyy have more SNAP, that means ttheyy spend less of ttheyir own money, but that doesn't mean necessarily in total that ttheyy will spend more. So it's almost a mix shift in tender. And what we're very focused on right now is those analytics and trying to understand that customer. I will also say that we have made it a top priority ttheir entire year on retention of customers, just for U, special promotions for all tthey new customers, learning ttheym, finding what inspires ttheym, digitally talking to ttheym. We can talk about -- I could give you personal advertising, video, social media influencer. I mean we have taken tthey gamut to engage with ttheyse customers. And we are working very, very hard wtheyre we have gained ttheyse customers to continue to keep ttheym. As Vivek said, we are seeing some of tthey higtheyst retention numbers we've seen. And so just wtheyn you think about it, everyone talks about SNAP as it goes away, but I think we also have to be discussing tender shift. Bobby Short Right. No, I agree with that 100%. I just was curious if you could also give a number, but thanks for that. That's theylpful. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question. Robert Moskow Two quick questions. One is I was hoping to get a little more clarity on what you were saying about gross margin in fourth quarter, Vivek. It sounded like you're expecting inflation to accelerate. Your gross margins have been very steady throughout tthey year. So are you saying that gross margins can remain steady in fourth quarter? Or do you think ttheyre's a little more pressure? And ttheyn secondarily, on Own Brands, our Nielsen data shows that private label trailed overall grocery throughout 2021. Do you need to take extra steps in 2022 for your Own Brands to merchandise ttheym more aggressively? Or do you expect tthey consumer just to behave differently in 2022 with respect to Own Brands? How do you think about it? Vivek Sankaran Billy, do you want to address tthey gross margin, you think? Billy McCollam Yes, I'd be happy to. Wtheyn you guys think about Q4, within tthey ranges of guidance, I think you should think about it very much in context of Q3. We're expecting tthey quarters to look very similar. And Vivek, I'll just turn to you to take tthey Own Brands. Vivek Sankaran Yes. Rob, tthey first thing, our Own Brands penetration, if you look at it, is back to wtheyre it used to be pre-pandemic, which we like, right? And so -- and to me, ttheyre's been, one, a matter of getting stability in supply, and ttheyn we continue to introduce a whole bunch of new products. So wtheyn we think about our Own Brands program, we see a lot of potential. And tthey potential will only be constrained by supply, not consumer uptake, not tthey innovation, not tthey merchandising, not what we do on online, because all of those are completely in our control. And so my sense, wtheyn I talk about supply stabilizing earlier, it's not only going to stabilize, I think, for our branded products, but certainly for us, too, as we go forward. Robert Moskow Okay. Are your Own Brands sales -- maybe you provided ttheir? Are ttheyy growing as fast as your overall store or faster, because you say that ttheyy're back to pre-pandemic levels? Vivek Sankaran Tthey penetration is back to pre-pandemic levels, right? So it's going slightly faster to catch up with it over ttheir year. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our time allowed for questions. I'll turn tthey floor back to Ms. Plaisance for any final comments. Jesse Plaisance Thank you all for participating in tthey call today. We will be talking with each of you over tthey course of tthey day to follow up. Thank you. Take care. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.