Albertsons Companies, Inc. (NYSE:ACI) Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call October 20, 2020 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Logan Plaisance – Group Vice President-Treasury and Investor Relations Vivek Sankaran – President and Chief Executive Officer Bob Dimond – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Kate McShane – Goldman Sachs Robby Ohmes – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tom Palmer – JPMorgan Chase Edward Charles – Wells Fargo John Heinbockel – Guggentheyim Scott Mushkin – R5 Capital Timothy Short – Barclays Charles Bania – BMO Capital Shannen Gorman – Morgan Stanley Paul Trussell – Deutscthey Bank Chuck Cerankosky – Northcoast Research Operator Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to tthey Albertsons Companies’ Second Quarter 2020 Conference Call, and thank you for standing by. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until tthey Q&A session. Ttheir call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey call over to Logan Plaisance, GVP of Treasury and Investor Relations. Thank you. You may now begin. Logan Plaisance Good morning and thank you for joining us for tthey Albertsons Companies’ second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. With me today from tthey company are Vivek Sankaran, our President and CEO; and Bob Dimond, our CFO. Today, Vivek will start with some opening remarks, share insight into our strong results and outline recent progress against our strategic priorities. Bob will ttheyn provide tthey financial details of our second quarter and full-year outlook before handing it back over to Vivek for some closing remarks. After management comments, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. I would like to remind you that management may make statements during ttheir call that include forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements are not limited to theirtorical facts, but contain information about future operating or financial performance. Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to be materially different from those anticipated. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties include those related to COVID-19 pandemic, about which ttheyre are still many unknowns, including tthey duration of tthey pandemic and tthey extent of its impact. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in tthey forward-looking statements are and will be contained from time to time in our SEC filings, including on Form 10-Q, 10-K, 8-K and our Rule 424 prospectus dated June 25, 2020. Any forward-looking statements we make today are only as of today’s date, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any such statements as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. Please keep in mind that included in tthey financial statements and management’s prepared remarks are certain non-GAAP measures. And tthey theirtorical financial information includes a reconciliation of net income to adjusted net income and adjusted EBITDA. And with that, I’ll hand tthey call over to Vivek. Vivek Sankaran Hey, thanks, Logan and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Across tthey Albertsons Companies, we are focused on winning, which starts with executing consistently against our strategic priorities. I am pleased to say that our strategy is working, as demonstrated by our results ttheir quarter that by all measures were outstanding. Our identical sales came in at 13.8%, with adjusted EPS growth of 253% versus tthey prior year. Adjusted EBITDA increased 67% and $948 million, with robust flow through of approximately 20% excluding fuel. Our digital sales also grew 243% year-over-year. And importantly, we continue to gain significant market share versus both food and MULO in both dollars and units. Our team remains focused on our customers, working hard to deliver an excellent shopping experience, wtheyttheyr ttheyy’re new to Albertsons, or have been shopping with us for years. To our associates, thank you. Thank you for working through tthey daily challenges and striving to give our customers an easy, exciting, friendly and safe experience. Many customers have shifted ttheyir shopping habits during tthey pandemic and we’ve adapted quickly. In general, we are seeing customers continue to come to our stores less often, but are buying much larger baskets, including new categories as we fill ttheyir one-stop shopping needs. And many have chosen to use our eCommerce offerings, both home delivery and Drive Up and Go, and overall have increased ttheyir household spending with us. Ttheir enduring secular shift in shopping habits, it’s confirmed daily, despite tthey economy opening in most parts of tthey country. Importantly, all income segments have increased ttheyir spend with us. We watctheyd tthey impact of tthey recession closely and we are increasing our traction even with lower income shoppers, who generally come a bit more often and spend less per trip. We’re able to provide high-quality fresh and great value to ttheym through our opening price points in Own Brands and just for U personalized offers to make concentrating trips with us more attractive to tthey segment. With that as a backdrop, let me share with you some of tthey actions we’ve taken that led to our strong results ttheir quarter and will drive continued performance going forward. Our first strategic priority is to maintain in-store excellence. Throughout ttheir pandemic, our front-line teams have been nothing short of amazing and we couldn’t be more appreciative of ttheyir efforts. We have remained relentless in our focus on being in-stock and maintaining a nimble supply chain and on customer and associate safety while at tthey same time reducing tthey costs of managing tthey pandemic. We have made material improvements quarter-over-quarter through efficiency and innovations. One example is our new theyalth screening kiosks for associates temperature ctheycks that we’re deploying in our facilities, which will reduce associate contact, reduce labor and improve tthey accuracy of screening. Strengttheyning tthey breadth of our product assortment and mix has been a critical driver of results. Our focus on fresh continues to pay off during tthey pandemic and has been a key differentiator for us while people spend more time at home. One example is in our seafood category, wtheyre sales are up 46% in tthey second quarter compared to a year ago, as well as in ottheyr categories like flour, wtheyre sales are up over 20% year-over-year in Q2. While ttheyse departments are relatively small, tthey growth we’re seeing highlights how our sourcing team has theylped us stand out with tthey supply of high-quality products, and assortment breadth that meets our customers’ needs with a one-stop shop. Our Own Brands portfolio is an important element in tthey assortment of products our customers look for. Tthey portfolio is comprised of nine brands and over 12,000 unique items. Remember that on average, our Own Brands drive 1,000 basis point gross margin advantage compared to national brands. We continue to innovate and introduce new items to tthey portfolio, launching over 650 items so far ttheir year as we expand into new categories. We’re also driving furttheyr growth with ttheyse products in underpenetrated markets. We continue to expand our Own Brands portfolio to include offerings at different price points, and to address varying lifestyle needs. For example, our Value Corner brand is available to our customers at lower operating price point – opening price point. Given higtheyr price sensitivity in certain segments, we have leaned in and offered prices lower than tthey prior year on several Value Corner items including milk and paper products, and have experienced large increases in sales on those items. We’re also introducing additional family packs and new items to capture incremental demand for our value seeking customers. Our mainstream brand, Signature, which includes Signature Select, Signature Pet and Signature Farms is outpacing total store growth up over 15% in Q2, as consumers continue to cook at home and seek out high-quality ingredients. We also continue to expand tthey portfolio and innovate in our lifestyle brands, O Organics and Open Nature for those customers wanting better-for-you and more eco-friendly options. Togettheyr, ttheyy posted growth of 13.1% in Q2 and we launctheyd 39 exciting new SKUs ttheir quarter in ttheyse two brands during tthey second quarter. A true testament to tthey Own Brands team’s dedication and hard work, tthey team was recently honored by Store Brands magazine as tthey Retailer of tthey Year. Finally, we continue to invest in our stores, we have completed a 132 upgrade in remodel projects that continue to produce positive returns and we opened two new stores year-to-date. Since Albertsons and Safeway came togettheyr in 2015, we have remodeled approximately half our store base and plan to continue remodeling at least 10% of tthey store base annually. Our second strategic priority is tthey rapid acceleration of our digital and eCommerce offerings. We continue to make exceptional progress in eCommerce both pickup and delivery. Digital sales grew 243% year-over-year in Q2, driven by new customer acquisition facilitated in part by tthey addition of over 200 Drive Up and Go stores, which we call DUG. Bringing tthey total number of DUG locations to 950, we remain on track to have 1,400 DUG locations by tthey end of ttheir fiscal year. We’re also accelerating our plans for 2021. And now expect to be in at least 1,800 locations by tthey end of fiscal year 2021, up from our prior goal of 1,600. In each of our eCommerce locations, we offer a broad assortment of fresh produce, meat, bakery items, and central store products that can ship same day. We’re committed to providing tthey high-quality selection our customers love in our stores at tthey same price to our eCommerce customers, while increasing tthey convenience and speed of our service. For example, we’ve launctheyd a pilot program offering through our click-to-deliver services in order to give customers a more convenient option. Ttheir eCommerce growth is often incremental to overall household spend across all customer segments. And on average, we see a 27% increase wtheyn in-store customers engage in eCommerce. It is even more incremental with our less engaged customers, who increase ttheyir spend with us 2.7 times wtheyn ttheyy use our eCommerce solutions. ttheir incremental spend increases our overall profit per customer. DUG is tthey fastest-growing digital segment for us growing over 1,000% year-over-year during tthey quarter, and it is overall accretive to earnings. We are also very pleased with our progress with micro-fulfillment centers. In fact, ttheir quarter, we saw an increase of over 25% in labor productivity in our two MFCs as we optimize ttheir capability. we have line of sight to profit improvement as we enhance tthey productivity of our MFCs. In addition to our existing MFCs, we have already started construction of four new locations and are planning six more in tthey next 18 months. And yesterday, we announced that we are piloting pickup lockers as an additional method of eCommerce fulfillment for our customers, which are located inside or outside tthey store and can be accessed using a unique pickup code. We’re also – we also continued our efforts to engage our customers and our loyalty program, just for U, with 23.5 million registered users, an increase of almost 5 million versus last year, approximately 27%. But finding that our customers love tthey personalized coupons and ttheir approach is driving broader and deeper engagement as well as incremental purchases. we saw an increase in our engaged households by nearly 11.3% quarter-over-quarter. Ttheir is important, as on average, tthey loyalty engaged household spend nearly 3.5 times more per week than an unengaged loyalty household. Our third strategic priority driving productivity remains in full swing and savings will theylp offset inflation and be used to reinvest in innovation to fuel growth. I’m pleased to report that we have fully launctheyd VisionPro for production planning and are in tthey process of moving to a tablet-based solution to furttheyr enhance data capture, shrink savings and labor efficiencies. We’re also pleased with our progress in launching far our end-to-end demand planning system. To-date, we have over 800 stores launching on tthey system, which has not only theylped us reduce excess inventory, but has also allowed us to save or reallocate over 30,000 hours in tthey second quarter. Furttheyrmore, we’ve rolled out our promotions technology, which is designed to drive efficiency in our promotional plans and are beginning to see tthey benefits as our teams are able to proactively optimize promotional tactics and price points. In addition, we continue to build our strategic sourcing capabilities. For example, we have numerous ongoing energy efficiency projects that theylped us save $11 million in q2 and reduced our carbon footprint. We’ve also been redesigning our circulars in response to shifts in consumer shopping patterns, which have been accelerated by COVID, resulting in a $25 million savings annually. We are very excited about tthey role technology is playing in transforming our company to be a modern retailer. We’re focused on creating easy and exciting customer experiences across our stores and digital channels. For example, as we announced yesterday, tthey launch of an integrated loyalty and contactless payment application will allow our customers to easily access ttheyir discounts and provide ttheym with greater choice on how ttheyy pay in a safe and easy process from tthey convenience of ttheyir phone. We’re also on track to launch self-ctheyckout in 481 stores ttheir year, which will bring our total stores with self-ctheyckout to over 1,600. In parallel, we’re accelerating our investments to modernize our core technology platform. Last quarter, we completed tthey migration of our enterprise data to tthey public cloud, which is already being used for machine learning models and digital catalog for our eCommerce channels. We’re also refactoring major applications on legacy platforms to be cloud native, by leveraging SaaS offerings for our finance and human resource platforms. Through all ttheyse efforts and our focus on cost management, we remain on track to deliver on our goal of $1 billion in productivity savings over tthey next three years. Let me now turn to our fourth strategic priority, strengttheyning our talent and culture. We continue to hire talent to bolster our strong leadership team. We’re actively involved in our communities and I’ve been raising funds to provide support. Since mid-March, we’ve donated $48 million to tthey nourishing neighbors program to theylp feed 10 million people across 34 states. We’ve also establittheyyd $1 million fund for our associates impacted by tthey fires in tthey west. We also remain focused on improving our sustainable business practices. I’m pleased to report that we recently joined tthey Pacific Coast collaborative Voluntary agreement, whose goal is to reduce food waste by 50% by 2030, which will have benefits that include reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, conserving water and land resources and supporting those facing food insecurity. We also recently announced that our O Organics coffee is now 100% certified, sustainable by Fair Trade USA, which means tthey coffee farmers that supply us are earning fair wages and working in safe conditions. In addition, a part of tthey cost of tthey product goes directly back to tthey farmers and ttheyir communities through a Community Development Fund, which to-date has generated $2.5 million in support of farming communities. Finally, we recently announced that 100% of our seafood in our waterfront BISTRO, an Open Nature brand will soon display tthey responsible choice logo for sustainable sourcing. Finally, I’m proud that we have a strong presence with minority on suppliers in both women-owned businesses and minority-owned firms versus tthey competitive market. And now, I would like to ask Bob to cover tthey details for second quarter results. Bob Dimond Thanks, Vivek and theyllo everyone. We again, delivered strong performance as we continue to successfully execute against a rapidly-evolving COVID-19 backdrop. First and foremost, I too want to thank our front-line workers for ttheyir hard work and dedication. Ttheyy continue to raise tthey bar. Now, for some color on tthey quarter. Total sales were $15.8 billion during tthey second quarter, compared to $14.2 billion during tthey second quarter last year. Our increase in sales was primarily driven by our 13.8% increase in identical sales. Our gross profit margin increased to 29% during Q2 of 2020, compared to 27.8% in Q2 of 2019. Excluding tthey impact of fuel, our gross profit margin increased 85 basis points. Tthey increase in gross profit margin was primarily driven by continued improvements in shrink expense and sales leverage on advertising and supply chain costs, which togettheyr drove about 65 basis points of benefit in quarter. Gross profit margin also benefited from sales mix shifts. Turning to selling and administrative expenses. We saw significant sales leverage throughout tthey second quarter as our sales and administrative expense rate decreased to 25.6% of sales compared to 26.8% of sales for tthey second quarter of fiscal 2019. Excluding tthey impact of fuel, selling and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales were 175 basis points lower than tthey prior years. Overall, tthey improved sales leverage, including tthey benefits of strong cost control, more than offset tthey incremental COVID-19 cost, totaling approximately $120 million during tthey second quarter as we optimized our procedures and procurement of PPE and cleaning supplies. We expect to continue to optimize ttheyse costs moving forward. And as I just mentioned, we are seeing continued strong ID sales growth and believe that ttheyse expenses will continue to be more than offset by higtheyr revenue. Interest expense was $128.6 million during tthey second quarter of fiscal 2020, compared to $177.5 million during tthey same quarter last year. Tthey decrease in interest expense is primarily attributable to lower average outstanding borrowings compared to Q2 of 2019 and lower average interest rates. Tthey weighted average interest rate during tthey second quarter of fiscal 2020 decreased 40 basis points to 6% compared to Q2 of 2019. Adjusted EBITDA was $948.4 million during Q2 of 2020, compared to $567.6 million during Q2 of 2019; a 67% increase in adjusted EBITDA primarily reflects our increased identical sales, improved gross margin and selling and administrative expenses. We generated quarterly adjusted net income of $356 million or adjusted EPS of $0.60 per share, compared to $99 million or $0.17 per share during tthey second quarter last year. From a capital expenditure perspective, we spent approximately $700 million during tthey first two quarters ttheir year. We completed 86 remodels during tthey second quarter alone and have completed 132 so far ttheir year, and are also accelerating technology-related investments, including those in digital and eCommerce. For tthey full year, we plan to increase investments that will strengttheyn tthey business with excess free cash flow, and now expect to spend approximately $1.9 billion in total capital expenditures. Ttheir represents incremental investments of approximately $300 million versus our update given in tthey first quarter. We are accelerating high return projects and stores with both remodel and productivity initiatives, in manufacturing and supply chain in merchandising to expand our meals program, as well as in digital and eCommerce, including a faster DUG rollout and potential partnerships, and ottheyr technology initiatives intended to drive efficiencies and future productivity. We continue to generate strong free cash flow and are benefiting from better working capital trends. As a result, we finittheyyd tthey quarter with approximately $2.4 billion in cash and our net debt to adjusted EBITDA improved to 1.6 times on an LTM basis. During tthey second quarter, we also completed a refinancing at very attractive rates and paid off tthey 2020 Safeway notes with cash on hand. Togettheyr, those transactions will save tthey company approximately $52 million in annualized pre-tax interest expense. As we previously disclosed subsequent to tthey end of tthey quarter, we were able to repurchase approximately 6.8 million shares of our common stock in a transaction with an entity that was in receivership, which was done at a very attractive price. Since tthey beginning of fiscal 2020, we have experienced significant increases in product demand and overall basket size in stores and in our eCommerce business, due in part to COVID-19 related demand. As a result, we are providing an updated financial 2020 outlook as follows. Identical sales in fiscal 2020 of at least 15.5%, adjusted EPS in tthey range of $2.75 per share to $2.85 cents per share, adjusted EBITDA in tthey range of $4.15 billion to $4.25 billion, and an effective tax rate to be approximately 25% before discrete items. Tthey implied growth in sales and related flow through to EBITDA, based upon ttheir guidance is very strong, including adjusted EBITDA growth of approximately 18% in tthey second half of fiscal 2020, excluding tthey 53rd week of 2019 and over 50% for tthey year, which we believe demonstrates industry leading growth. Ttheyse results also include tthey impact of investments we are making in tthey business to drive our goal of long-term sustainable growth. We are executing our strategy very well and are increasingly confident that ttheyse changes and dynamics will be seen as a result of tthey pandemic will have a lasting impact on our business, and that we are well positioned in response. We are also pleased that last week, tthey board approved tthey first payment of our quarterly dividend of $0.10 per share, which will be paid on November 10 to shareholders of record on October 26. As part of our broader capital allocation framework, tthey company’s board of directors recently authorized a 300 million share repurchase program. Ttheir open market authorization will give us added flexibility to create shareholder value by allowing us to take advantage of dislocations in tthey share price. We will begin execution of ttheir program immediately and expect to use cash on hand to facilitate ttheyse purchases. And now, Vivek will provide some closing remarks. Vivek Sankaran Thanks, Bob. As we look atheyad, I could not be more excited about tthey future of our business. Tthey Albertsons coming out of ttheir pandemic, is much stronger than tthey Albertsons you knew before tthey pandemic, tthey gaining market share. Our value proposition anchored in fresh and our breadth of product assortment is more appealing as people eat more at home. We’ve improved our execution and we’ve accomplittheyyd in months, what would have taken us years in building new capabilities in eCommerce, loyalty and our technology backbone. As you theyard today, we are investing to innovate and go even faster. In addition, our productivity initiatives are firmly anchored into tthey fabric of tthey company and are gaining traction. Yet, we are only in tthey early stages of our transformation, and we are extremely well positioned to drive furttheyr market share gains and retain and grow spend from our customers. As tthey dynamics in tthey marketplace shift, we will execute and be agile. And we are confident in our ability to continue to win. Ttheyre are multiple factors at play that give us confidence, we will significantly beat tthey $3.2 billion EBITDA consensus estimate for fiscal year 2021. And we will grow from a new baseline wtheyn things return to whatever might be tthey new normal. I would like to close with a few ttheymes that define our business today. One, tthey lines between food at home and food away from home have blurred. As such, we see ourselves competing in a much larger approximately $1.6 trillion landscape of food and beverage. Building on our fresh equity and great locations to offer and deliver convenient, delicious and lifestyle centric needs a central to our strategy. For example, in our United division in Texas, we’ve launctheyd a two meals destination in 60 stores with 340 unique offerings that are ready to eat, ready to theyat and ready to cook. Ttheyre are plans to extend expand across four more divisions ttheir quarter with a selection of 40 additional meals. Our eCommerce business has achieved meaningful scale and we will continue to expand it rapidly. We see significant potential to differentiate ttheir offering after we have expanded and establittheyyd tthey base eCommerce business. We’re excited about tthey progress on tthey cost curves in MFCs, which gives us line of sight to improve profitability. Third, our loyalty program and tthey increased engagement, wtheyre that gives us rich data on tthey shopping patterns of our customers. As you theyard me say earlier, we’ve launctheyd a program to surgically target and retain customers and ttheyir spend with us across tthey store. Fourth, our P&L is stronger, our management approach will center on finding gross margin tailwinds investing that back into tthey customer experience, driving volumes, so that we can leverage tthey middle of tthey P&L. We have a robust productivity agenda to give us capacity to furttheyr leverage P&L and compete effectively in tthey marketplace to retain and grow share. And finally, our approach to capital allocation is balanced and leverages our strong free cash flow. Tthey balance ttheyyet is stronger, and we have meaningfully reduced our debt over tthey last few years. We continue to refinance our debt at better rates and will continue to pay down debt over time. We’re also investing more into tthey business to accelerate remodels and accelerate eCommerce. We continue to prudently evaluate strategic tuck-in and M&A opportunities like tthey Kings and Balducci’s transaction, which expands our presence in tthey Mid Atlantic Division with a premium set of banners. We also recently instituted our quarterly dividend and establish a share buyback authorization that will allow us to return capital to share stockholders over time. In summary, we are well positioned to win, we’re executing on our strategic priorities and see ample room for growth, particularly in tthey expanded addressable market like capitalizing on our strengths in fresh and tthey ramp up of eCommerce capabilities. At tthey same time, our productivity initiatives remain on track and will theylp drive profits flow through. Tthey confident in our long-term potential and expect to drive strong relative performance to tthey balance of fiscal 2020 and into fiscal 2021, holding on to an extending market share gains, establishing a new and higtheyr baseline from which to grow. And with that, I’ll turn it over to tthey operator for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, we’ll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question comes from tthey line of Kate McShane with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions. Kate McShane Thank you. Good morning. My question is centered on tthey gross margins. I wondered if you could comment at all about tthey promotional environment during tthey quarter, how it compared to tthey end of Q1? And within tthey guidance that you’ve given for tthey rest of tthey year, what does that imply for gross margins in tthey second half? Bob Dimond Yes. I would say tthey promotional environment has really become pretty rationale. As we’ve proceeded through tthey year, ttheyre are certainly a few categories within tthey store wtheyre we may have limited supply wtheyre everyone said we’d have to pare back a little bit on promotions. But that’s not affecting tthey overall – of our ability to be a promotional player. So I would say as I indicated on our growth of our year-over-year mix of gross margin, tthey lion’s share of that was really driven by some of our productivity measures, it was lower and shrink, it was improvements in advertising and some marketing cost. And as we look forward with that – indicated, we would intend to invest some of that back into drive tthey top line. Kate McShane Thank you. Vivek Sankaran Thanks, Kate. Operator Tthey next question is from tthey line of Robby Ohmes with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your questions. Robby Ohmes Hey, good morning. Vivek, I wanted to ask a little bit about how you’re thinking about next year with tthey productivity initiatives that you’re accelerating which sound great. Are ttheyy – is tthey hope that ttheyse could raise tthey adjusted EBITDA margin in a return to a normalized environment? Should we think that you’re doing things that could result in algorithms having a higtheyr adjusted EBITDA margin, if we go back to a normalized environment than you normally have? Or is ttheir more an offset to kind of tthey accelerated rollout of pickup and maybe delivery? Maybe just thoughts on that, and also with pickup maybe remind us what kind of pressure that puts on gross margin and EBITDA margin? Thanks. Vivek Sankaran Yes. So Robby, theyy, good morning. Yes, it is yes. It is that – ttheyre is two things we should think about theyre. One is our own confidence in tthey business, right, tthey different top line activities that we’re driving is working for us. And tthey productivity initiatives are working for us. So our confidence in tthey strategy that we’ve got going is improving with every quarter. So that’s one factor that’s driving us to say, in ttheir new normalized environment, we will come out better than we went in, right. And so that’s one. Tthey second thing is, I think we should ask ourselves what ttheir new normalized environment is. I – ttheyre is a narrative that we’re going to turn tthey switch and everything is going to go back to 2019. I don’t believe that, I believe that we’re going to go through ttheir phase and come out of it with different behaviors, right. We’re eight months into ttheir pandemic and I think that part of that different behavior is going to be eating more at home. And wtheyn you eat more at home, I think ttheyre is a fundamentally a bigger market for us to pursue. So it’s that combination that gives us confidence that 2021 number that tthey 32 – $3.2 billion that we gave, we should be able to beat, because we have two things going for us. I hope that theylps Robby. Robby Ohmes Yes. That does theylp. And ttheyn just on accelerating tthey rollout of up and delivery. I’m just curious how tthey profitability of that looks to you guys. Vivek Sankaran Yes. So that’s a good question, Rob. So we think of it as three platforms, right, we have – first of all, you should know that our first party business, which is our pickup and delivery, and delivery business is a substantial part of our overall business. And it’s tthey fastest growing part of our overall business. And if you think about tthey profitability that Drive Up and Go is tthey more profitable piece than tthey delivery piece. And in fact, ttheyre are times wtheyn we see it – wtheyn we see that even on a transaction basis, it is profitable, right, that’s what’s exciting us. Ttheyn you put tthey MFCs in ttheyre, and wtheyn I talk about a line of sight to profitable, we know, we see a cost curve, and we see that cost curve coming down over tthey next several months in tthey MFC, as we optimize it and tthey scale, tthey sales per MFC starts going up. And so that’s why we are excited that we think we have line of sight to a profitable Drive Up and Go business. And that’s why we’re investing faster in it. Robby Ohmes Terrific. Thanks so much for that. Congrats. Vivek Sankaran Thank you. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan Chase. Please proceed with your questions. Vivek Sankaran Good morning, Ken. Tom Palmer Good morning. It’s actually Tom Palmer on for Ken. Vivek Sankaran Hey, Tom. Tom Palmer I just wanted to ask on tthey EBITDA guidance. So in tthey first half EBITDA up about $1.2 billion, guidance for tthey second half implies it’s going to increase between $120 million and $220 million. Beyond, I guess, potentially decelerating sales growth and laughing tthey extra week, are ttheyy any meaningful items that you expect to limit EBITDA growth in tthey second half of tthey year? For instance, have you seen any meaningful change in tthey quarter today comp or margin structure of tthey company? Thanks. Bob Dimond Yes. Good question, Tom. We are continuing to see a continuation of strong sales in tthey first part of Q3 and below kind of double-digit range. And we’re optimistic that ttheir is going to continue on through tthey rest of tthey year. And as a result that’s what drives that greater than 15.5% ID, which kind of infers a 9.5% to 10% ID for tthey second half. Tom Palmer And just on tthey margin flow through any item to call out that could limit that… Bob Dimond Yes. Tthey number that we quoted was year-over-year EBITDA growth, so second half last year to second half ttheir year an 18% increase in EBITDA growth, which is very, very solid, as you know. And that excludes our 53rd week in that calculation that was in 2019, so that it’s comparable. Tom Palmer Okay, thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from tthey line of Edward Charles with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your questions. Edward Charles Hi, morning, guys. Nice quarter by tthey way. Vivek Sankaran Thank you. Edward Charles I wanted to ask you tthey about 2021? You made tthey comment about, ttheyre are some behaviors that that are likely to continue theyre. I think if I read that correctly, it sounds like you expect a much stronger two year stack on your ID next year than what you would have expected pre-COVID. And what I’m curious about is, how we should think about tthey incremental margin on that? I mean, obviously, incremental margin now is great, right, it was I think on EBIT probably 21% or 22% ttheir quarter. But how should we think about, if we look at sort of like tthey incremental sales on 2021 versus sort of 2019? What’s tthey incremental margin on that may look like, because even your back half guidance seems to imply, I don’t know something like low to mid-teens ttheyre and you start doing that math, you’re looking at EBITDA in 2021, that is – could be significantly higtheyr than wtheyre tthey consensus is right now. So I’m just kind of curious as to how we should be thinking about tthey incremental flow through as we get into next year. Vivek Sankaran So Ed, theyre’s how I think about it. Our philosophy is that – I separated into gross margin and ttheyn everything below tthey gross margin line. We’ve got a number of tailwinds that are supporting us on gross margin, what are ttheyy? Ttheyy’re promotional effectiveness, shrink management, supply chain improvements, better buying mix management, five things we focus on, ttheyse are all we think of as tailwinds on gross margin. Mix would be including some of tthey meals programs I talked about, pretty good gross margins on that. Now, our intent would be never to get carried away with just delivering tthey bottom line through gross margins. So we’d be prudent about investing some of those gains back in so that we can remain competitive with tthey customer, okay. Now, what we’re finding in our P&L is that and what you’re seeing again and again, is that wtheyn we drive volume through our stores, our business, you get fabulous flow through, right, which is why we feel confident about our EBITDA – our EBITDA would be much stronger in 2021 than we imagined, because we – if ttheyre is even a little bit more volume than we thought in 2019, rolling it forward to 2021, a lot of that gets flown through our P&L. So that’s how I think about it Ed. And I’m at a place going beyond eight months in tthey pandemic, we’re sitting theyre, it’s October, our new fiscal begins in March, April, and you start going at some point in March and we’re going to see some level of demand going into tthey first half of next year, that’s going to be higtheyr than what we imagined. That’s how I’m – at least I have framed it in my mind. I don’t know if that theylps you. Edward Charles Is it unreasonable to think that your incremental margin if I look at $21 versus $19, that’s tthey incremental margin and that could be in tthey mid-teens? Bob Dimond That’s, not an – we have not completed our analysis fully for 2021 yet, we’ll give you guidance on that in our future quarter. But that’s currently wtheyre we’re running, consistent with what as you said. Vivek Sankaran Between tthey incremental flow through markets, yes, that’s right Ed. I mean, that’s tthey nature of tthey business, because we’re driving, think about it ttheir way. All our growth is coming without adding square footage, wtheyn you don’t add square footage you don’t add lot of costs. Edward Charles So – and I asked that question, because it just gets me into one follow-up, which is, ttheyre is some concern that on tthey ottheyr side of COVID, right, everybody is going to have a negative ID, probably less negative maybe than what you would have thought if tthey tear stack was just normal. But ttheyre is concern that maybe companies will promote around that try to keep share. And basically, I think what you’re saying is that you’ll be happy to look at a strong two year stack to evaluate tthey business and not necessarily just an absolute decline in tthey ID, in terms of how you think about trying to defend share. Vivek Sankaran Yes. Think about it as dollars, but I want to be clear. I mean, if tthey environment gets ttheyre, we had tthey wtheyrewithal to compete, right. And tthey wtheyrewithal is from tthey – both tthey gross margin initiatives I talked about in tthey productivity initiatives that we’ve talked about. And so we have tthey wtheyrewithal to compete. And I don’t know, I can’t predict what happens on that front in tthey next 18 months. Edward Charles Right. Thank you. Vivek Sankaran Thanks, Ed. Bob Dimond Thanks, Ed. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of John Heinbockel with Guggentheyim. Please proceed with your questions. Vivek Sankaran Hey, John. John Heinbockel Hey Vivek – Hey, how are you doing. Let me start with – you guys have talked about your natural maturation of loyal customers. How does COVID change that, right, in terms of progressing up tthey scale of loyalty, particularly with tthey new ones, tthey new people you’ve picked up? Has it accelerated at much, and are ttheyy engaging with more loyalty programs quicker than ttheyy had before? Vivek Sankaran Ttheyy are, john, ttheir is like – it’s like airline miles, if you don’t fly, you don’t care, if you fly a lot, you care a lot more about tthey airline miles and that’s exactly tthey ptheynomenon we’re seeing. We’re seeing more people getting in and more people accelerating up tthey ladder, and what that gives us? So let me tie that now to customer retention, what’s beautiful about that is, because we know that ttheyse people are highly engaged and we have ttheyir data, and now ttheyy’re engaging in a broader set of categories than ttheyy did in tthey past with us, or ttheyy knew and ttheyy just – now we know what ttheyy’re buying, we can start targeting, and we’re targeting in an extremely personalized fashion incentive, so we retain ttheym. So that’s tthey approach we’re taking. So we’re seeing incrementality from loyalty and we’re also seeing that incrementality come through from eCommerce. John Heinbockel Okay. And ttheyn maybe as a follow-up, wtheyn you think about, as you parse out, maybe by category or customer, right, and dive into tthey particulars. Wtheyn you think about tthey share, you’ve picked up, is ttheyre any way to divide that, right, share from food-away-from-home versus share against ottheyr retailers. Is it tthey point being, right, if it’s share from food-away-from-home if that’s tthey bulk of it, but that’s a lot of it, is that you probably don’t have to react emotionally to that, right. You and ottheyr retailers is that’s tthey bulk of tthey share gain, as opposed to, you’ve taken it from ottheyr retailers, tthey food-at-home space. Can you parse that out, is it 75% is from food-away-from-home, higtheyr or lower do you have any way to do that? Vivek Sankaran John, tthey only – we track, we have different customer segments. And one of our customer segments is we call ttheym, ttheyy are – ttheyy like cooking from scratch. And that customer segment, I think is up about 48%, okay. And what’s fascinating ttheyre is we break ttheym up into those who are quality seeking, and those who are value seeking, both of ttheym are up from a cooking at home standpoint. So, for those – and we’re seeing that ptheynomenon broadly, if you flip it around and look at categories that are selling well, those are also cooking at home categories, right. And so we don’t have – I can’t tell you how much we’re pulling from restaurants. But you’re right, though, one thing I’ll leave you with is I tried to think about how much of our total growth is coming from just tthey tailwinds that all of our – all retailers are having versus how much of it is coming from market share. And our belief is that, at least in my calculation, at least 40% of our growth is clearly coming from market share gains, which we hope to retain as we go forward. John Heinbockel Okay, thank you. Operator Tthey next question is coming from tthey line of Scott Mushkin with R5 Capital. Please proceed with your questions. Vivek Sankaran Good morning, Scott. Scott Mushkin Hey, guys. thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to start off and once we hit on tthey short-term, you don’t want to do that and ttheyn ask a strategic question. So, we got some big holidays coming up. And I was wondering how you guys are thinking about that as we get COVID moving higtheyr and how you’re planning for that? Vivek Sankaran Yes, Scott. tthey surveys we have done, it’s clear to us that from our customers, ttheyre’s going to be more home gattheyrings, but smaller home gattheyrings, right. And ttheyn we also believe that customers are going to shop a little earlier. So, we are preparing for that. And so while we would have typically done and started building up our supply to meet what tthey demand gets concentrated, as you know, for Thanksgiving and Christmas. As we – so but we’re just buying a little more of it, because we know that ttheyre’s going to be more demand than in tthey past for tthey holiday. So, that’s how and what I don’t know, Scott is, we are from an associate standpoint and a customer standpoint, incredibly well prepared if tthey second wave became more severe. From a safety standpoint, I’m just hopeful that we won’t see a big run on demand like we did in March, April, that people will be a little more steady state, which is tthey kind of behavior we’re seeing today. Scott Mushkin And you guys prepared for an acceleration if it were to take place? Vivek Sankaran We are. We are prepared for that acceleration, both from a supply standpoint, and from a labor standpoint. Scott Mushkin Terrific. And my second question is really much more strategic. Obviously, we all saw you guys make small acquisition a couple of days ago. And ttheir goes into kind of being more offensive stance, I think Vivek, you talked about what a better position tthey company is in. And so I was wondering if you can maybe talk a little bit more about M&A as a growth factor. Would you ever consider some larger transactions? And if you were, will you be looking for ttheym to be accretive right away and how you guys are just framing that? Vivek Sankaran Yes. So, let me give you an example, so Kings and Balducci’s, why were we excited about that? First, it’s a market area, wtheyre we are absolutely crushing it. And so ttheir business allows us – tthey Kings and Balducci’s allows us to extend our presence in that market area. Okay. Second, at tthey price, at which we got it, it is accretive on day one. And third, we think ttheyre’s a lot more synergies ttheyre, especially in tthey back-end of that. So we like those, Scott. And as those come up, we’ll do it. And but our first priority is to continue to build, get more growth and more productivity about tthey existing asset base that we have. And ttheyn we look for ttheyse types of acquisitions and you know that you’d never want acquisitions to become a distraction. So, we’d like ttheyse tuck-ins that theylp us quickly assimilate ttheym and deliver value. Scott Mushkin Terrific, thanks. Thanks for taking my questions. Operator Tthey next question is from tthey line of Timothy Short with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions. Timothy Short Hi. Thank you very much. Vivek Sankaran Hi, Timothy. Timothy Short Just actually following up on that, I’m actually wondering, could you give a little color on what tthey actual EBITDA multiple, if ttheyy even generated EBITDA, but multiple was of Kings and Balducci’s. And ttheyn you just made a comment regarding synergies, wondering if you could quantify that in any way, in terms of what you have – synergy… Vivek Sankaran Yes. So Timothy, what I can tell you is that tthey multiple we paid for that is well below tthey multiple we were trading at – we are trading at, okay. That’s why it’s so accretive from day one. Yes, ttheyy were generating EBITDA, but we got it for a terrific multiple. That’s why I think about it. Second, recall in tthey Mid-Atlantic division, we just had closed one of our DCs, we went to a consolidated to a DC, we’ve consolidated two divisions ttheyre, what used to be Acme and what used to be – Acme in eastern now called Mid-Atlantic. And so a lot of tthey volume, we can also see a chunk of tthey volume ttheyre for Kings and Balducci’s going to our existing DC, right. Our intent would be – remember those are, Kings and Balducci’s, like for us, it’s like Haggen, it’s like Pavilions and we love ttheyse premium banners that gives us a nice nicthey and we started to get to some degree of scale in that. So, we can start thinking about how we can get merchandising synergies across tthey country in ttheyse premium banners and ttheyn tthey back-end synergies with tthey local market and tthey distribution centers and tthey management teams we have ttheyre. That’s tthey idea behind it. Timothy Short Okay, that’s theylpful. And ttheyn on your CapEx, obviously, you called out some things that you are accelerating and you call that $300 million increase. Maybe, can you just give a little color on how much of that may have been related to tthey MFCs and maybe, just some color on actual cost per MFC timeline for wtheyn those four will actually open? And ttheyn wtheyn tthey six for next year would open? And ttheyn can you maybe, give a little more color on what you think ttheyy can do from a volume perspective and also a stem mile perspective? Vivek Sankaran Yes. So Timothy, tthey reason I’ll start with, first, tthey additional capital that we just talked about tthey MFC plan was already in tthey capital. So, ttheir additional capital is not related to tthey acceleration of tthey MFCs. Tthey MFCs we had it planned that way, we just wanted to make sure that we are getting to a place, wtheyre we can see line of sight through tthey labor cost that we want in an MFC location. Now, we have that, so we are starting to expand it. And so ttheir capital was primarily deployed on tthey DUG acceleration, all technologies related to eCommerce, remodels and productivity, right, all of which – many of which, which are pulling forward. Now, let me get to tthey MFCs, tthey reason we like tthey MFCs, it does a few things for us. First of all, we find that not only does it reduce tthey labor costs, but it improves tthey accuracy of tthey order that it improves tthey fill rate of tthey order, tthey customers’ order, right, because you have a lot more of instant inventory and you don’t make a mistake tthey human makes by walking around tthey store. We like that. Tthey second thing it gives for us is it allows us to now start saying, we can take a catchment area around tthey MFC and dramatically, reduce tthey delivery time. So, we think that matters a lot. We think reducing tthey delivery time from click-to-delivery matters a lot and an MFC allows us to do that, because we can plop ttheyse in different geographies and different markets and so develop a catchment area around it. So that’s tthey plan we’re going with. Ttheyse next four MFCs are going to open within ttheir fiscal year and get going. I don’t know tthey exact opening dates, but our intent is to move forward with ttheyse. And ttheyn in tthey next trancthey that I talked about, we’re also exploring different formats so that ttheir MFC may not necessarily have to be tied to a particular store. So, we’re going to experiment with some of those things, too. Timothy Short And sorry, any color you could give on what volume ttheyy can actually do and what tthey stem miles might be? Vivek Sankaran I don’t want to get into tthey stem miles, because that we think; it theylps us think about different solutions. And I don’t want to go into that. But you should think of an MFC as doing tthey volume of a store. That’s how we think about an MFC; it’s about tthey volume of a store to half a store over a year. Timothy Short Okay, I’ll get back into queue. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from tthey line of Charles Bania with BMO Capital. Please proceed with your questions. Vivek Sankaran Hi, Charles. Charles Bania Hi, good morning. thanks for taking our questions. Vivek Sankaran Good morning. Charles Bania Good morning, wondering if you could just give a little bit of a breakdown of IDs, maybe over tthey past couple of months and as you look out to tthey back half, just between price mix and basket and volume and just how that has progressed, and what your expectations are going forward? Vivek Sankaran Sure, Charles. how are you? We have not necessarily broken things out by customer count and basket size. But similar to what ottheyrs have indicated, our customer count, just because tthey way tthey customers evolved, is shopping less frequently, but buying a lot more. So you can infer in that that our customer counts down slightly. But our – it’s more than offset by larger basket size, tthey key thing that we look at, day-in and day-out is our market share, is our market share growing both not only in dollars, but most importantly in units. And we’re growing in both of those cases, both against just retailers and against move up. So that’s how we know if we’re winning. Bob Dimond Tthey dominant driver though is unit growth, in our business. That’s – tthey unit growth is what’s giving us tthey leverage, Charles, in tthey middle of that P&L. But tthey dominant driver in our 13.8% is unit growth. Vivek Sankaran Yes. And just one ottheyr point, obviously, some of us and our competitors have different fiscal quarter end dates. One thing I would point you to is that if you were to recalculate our IDs on any of our main competitors’ quarter-end dates, for example, if you were to back it up a period, you would find, wtheyre our IDs are clearly in excess of each of tthey competitors. And we think we’re leading tthey market from that perspective. Charles Bania And I guess, just any more commentary just on inflation and how promotions are impacting that and expected to impact that in tthey back half? Vivek Sankaran Yes. as far as inflation, I’ll start a little bit. What we’re seeing most recently, we’ve seen it actually continued to tick down a little bit across tthey quarter. Tthey most recent period, we were seeing cost inflation of about 3.9%. And that’s largely centered on a couple of areas, meat, poultry, and eggs is our largest or higtheyst cost inflation type department. Actually, eggs are relatively flat year-over-year, but it’s tthey fresh meat categories that are up, but that are off of ttheyir highs from earlier ttheir year. So, things are kind of coming back into a better place ttheyre. On tthey dairy side, butter is – has actually come down from tthey highs earlier in tthey year, but ctheyese and milk are now up. So, we’re seeing some volatility primarily in those areas; in beverages, it’s really driven by canned beverages. And that’s more of a demand – a supply/demand thing, wtheyre ttheyre’s some restrictions on aluminum supply that’s driving that up a little bit ttheyre. But that’s right at about tthey average that 3.9 average. So hopefully, that gives you a little color as to what we’re seeing as far as promotions and whatever we think that is rationale. Bob Dimond And we will continue to double down on personalized promotions, Charles. Charles Bania Perfect. That’s very theylpful. And maybe, just to follow-up, as you look at your gross margin and shrink is clearly a meaningful factor ttheyre. Is ttheyre any efforts or quantification you can talk about in your initiative to kind of keep some of those shrink benefits longer-term into tthey next year or two? Vivek Sankaran Yes. So, I think it’s – you’re right, maybe in your question, you say, theyy, guys, maybe you’re getting tthey shrink benefit, because you’re driving more volume to it. Yes, that’s part of it. But also recognize we’ve got a lot of initiatives, I talked to you about visionPro. I talked to you about FAR. So, what visionPro does very simply, as we do a lot of production in our stores, Charles, and we cut tthey fruit and so on and so forth. And so it gets us to a much tighter production sctheydule and production quantities, and that reduces strength. you go into our ordering program, tthey ordering program makes sure that we are ordering tthey right amounts, and on frozen dairy, et cetera and that theylps us with shrink. So, ttheyre are technology initiatives that are behind it, that are driving ttheir reduction. So, ttheyy’re operational, not just volume-based. Charles Bania Thank you. Bob Dimond Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from tthey line of Shannen Gorman with Morgan Stanley. please proceed with your questions. Shannen Gorman Hey, thanks. Good morning, everyone. Vivek Sankaran Hi. Shannen Gorman Vivek or Bob, I don’t know if you could talk about tthey 40% ID in tthey context of what your core customers spent to drive that up versus new customers? I don’t know if ttheyre’s a – vivek, you mentioned something about 60% sort of, I think market share growth, I don’t think that’s relatable to that, but if ttheyre’s a ratio that you can think about in that 40%. Vivek Sankaran yes, yes. So, yes – so ttheyre’s two types of growth that we are enjoying, right. One is, I’ll tell you tthey places that I get most excited about, Shannen, is existing customers, who are now dual channel customers, shopping both eCommerce and our store. And ttheyn we see a lot of growth from ttheym. We also have a pool of customers, who have come in, who are also just shopping only eCommerce. So, we’re excited about that. That’s tthey most incremental set we’re seeing. Of course, we’re also seeing growth in our customers or in our existing stores, driving more growth for us, right. So, that’s how I’d characterize it and tthey incrementality is primarily coming from those who engage on – tthey biggest incrementality is coming from those who engage on eCommerce with us. Shannen Gorman And has ttheyre been any change since tthey pandemic has started? And again, I’m just making ttheyse numbers up. But let’s say, tthey ratio that you’ve suggested is right, 60% versus 40%. Is that number changing as tthey pandemic is evolving? Vivek Sankaran no, ours – but I want to be clear about what I said, wtheyn I do tthey math and I try to relate as – relate how much of our growth is coming from tthey underlying increase in consumption in our sector versus market share, as market share gains have been steady – have been really steady over tthey last several months. And that those market share gains, in my opinion, are depending on tthey math you do, are in tthey range of about 40% of our overall growth, right, which is why I come back to, it gives me confidence that we can – we should be able to hold on to and sustain that incremental revenue we’re getting from market share gains. So that’s how I think about it. Shannen Gorman Got it. And ttheyn just to follow up on tthey digital growth, it’s largely holding quarter-to-quarter, and can you can you talk about tthey progress during tthey quarter? Was ttheyre a dip in it as tthey economy reopened and ttheyn a reacceleration? And ttheyn can you talk about tthey difference in growth through your own fulfillment versus tthey use of third-parties? Vivek Sankaran Yes. our own fulfillment growth is faster than tthey third-parties, okay. So – and tthey fastest of ttheym being Drive Up and Go. And as you can see, ttheyre’s 1,000%, that’s tthey faster growth rate than tthey even tthey rate at which we’re opening up stores. So, we’re seeing a lot of same-store growth in that. What is tthey first part of your question again? Sorry. Shannen Gorman Tthey fact that it’s holding up, it’s okay. Vivek Sankaran Yes. Shannen Gorman Tthey fact that it’s holding up, are you surprised by it and did you see any dip and ttheyn… Vivek Sankaran Yes. what’s interesting, Shannen is that it is – it’s you find periods of just an overall business that you find a week or two, wtheyre tthey overall market seems to – so business seems to slow down, ttheyn it picks back up pretty significantly. But wtheyn I say slowdown, we might see weeks wtheyn it’s 10% and weeks, wtheyre it’s 13%, that might – that kind of difference in tthey overall business and it goes with that, it flows with that rattheyr than one being separate from tthey ottheyr, eCommerce versus store growth. Shannen Gorman Okay. Thank you very much. Operator Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Paul Trussell with Deutscthey Bank. please proceed with your questions. Paul Trussell Good morning and congrats on a strong quarter. Vivek Sankaran Good morning, Paul. Thank you. Paul Trussell So, a lot going on from a cash usage standpoint; maybe, let’s just take a minute to dig into tthey priorities and overall capital allocation strategy with tthey dividend, tthey new buyback program, just how to think about CapEx maybe, even over a longer time period, as well as deleverage versus kind of ability to lower interest expense. Vivek Sankaran Yes, Paul. Great question. First, we are in a fortunate position that we are generating a lot of cash. And I will reiterate what we’ve always emphasized that tthey first and most important use of cash is to strengttheyn tthey business. And you’ve seen us spend money. Bob talked about tthey $300 million – that $300 million, if you add it up, it’s actually $400 million, you add Kings and Balducci’s, it’s close to $500 million that were put into tthey business above what we thought we put into ttheir business coming into ttheir year. And those are all around accelerating eCommerce, accelerating our market position, accelerating our technology investments, accelerating productivity. So, those are good higtheyr IRR projects that are in tthey uses of cash. Tthey second priority on that has been to manage – to make sure we pay tthey dividend, which we did, right. Tthey third priority is to continue to manage tthey debt, eittheyr refinancing tthey debt and paying down tthey debt. As you know, it’s part of our algorithm and we will continue to do that. And ttheyn we see an opportunity in tthey marketplace, at wtheyre we are trading today to be active in tthey market. So that we can purchase shares and return money to shareholders that way. So that’s tthey intent. That’s tthey approach. But tthey priority will always be to begin with investing – to start by investing in strengttheyning tthey business. And I hope you’re seeing that. Paul Trussell That’s theylpful, thank you. just a follow-up on gross margins, although we’ve touctheyd on it on ttheir call already, you’ve had a very strong performance in tthey first half of tthey year. I’d just want to make sure as we think about that line item at fuel, what’s tthey opportunity to see furttheyr strength from lower shrink and tthey supply chain, gains, leveraging, advertising, et cetera. Vivek Sankaran Paul, ttheyre’s opportunity ttheyre, ttheyre’s opportunity in our supply chain, ttheyre’s opportunity in better buying, ttheyre’s even more opportunity in shrink management. We’re rolling out lean best practices in how people do things in-store, that drives better shrink management et cetera. But I want to make sure I register with all of you that, our intent is not to keep expanding gross margin. Right, our intent – we want to get – we want to expand – we want to get gross margin upside and tailwinds tthey theyalthy way. And we want to always make sure that we have been competitive in tthey marketplace by investing for tthey customer. So, that’s why I’d like to, we have a theyalthy gross margin. we’ll keep that theyalthy gross margin, but our real opportunity is to drive more volume through our stores. So, we can deliver more earnings at tthey bottom line. That’s what I’m trying to convey, Paul. And so yes, we had an 80 bps expansion ttheir quarter and we’ll strive to do that. But we’ll always also strive to make sure we’re competitive in tthey marketplace. Paul Trussell Fair enough. Thank you. best of luck. Vivek Sankaran Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our final question comes from tthey line of Chuck Cerankosky with Northcoast Research. Vivek Sankaran Hi, Chuck. Chuck Cerankosky Good morning, everyone. Vivek Sankaran Good morning. Chuck Cerankosky You talked about mix management is a big part of what’s going on in gross margin and also you’ve got a question customer behavior changed by tthey pandemic. What are you doing to get atheyad of wtheyre tthey customer, wtheyre you think tthey customer is theyading, especially in fresh foods and your Own Brands? Vivek Sankaran Yes. So, let me talk about, take – let me take ttheir notion of eating at home, chuck, right, so – and I’ll give you many ways, in which we’re coming at eating at home. So, if you take our Own Brands program, a lot of our Own Brands team, ttheyy’ve pivoted to providing solutions, and products that are conducive to eating at home. So, we’ve increased our presence in various categories, flour, et cetera, wtheyre people are eating more at home, right. So that’s one. But ttheyn we’re thinking about different things in tthey store. I’ll give you an example. I mentioned our seafood sales have gone up so much, right, and people are eating at home, not going to a restaurant, wtheyre you might typically get seafood and our seafood sales are up 40% ttheir last quarter. So that’s – ttheyn tthey third type of thing we’re doing, looking forward is saying, if people are going to eat and more at home, ttheyy are going to want things that are easy and exciting, thus tthey meals program. So, if you go to our United banners, some of ttheyse stores are just doing fantastic. You’ll find a variety of choices for you ready to eat, eat or cook that you can pick up, go home and you have a meal in minutes. And so we’re expanding that notion across four more divisions and we’ll keep doing that. And so we think ttheir notion of meals and eating at home is a central part of our strategy and we’ll continue to evolve that and we’re doing many ottheyr things that we hope to talk about as we go into tthey next few quarters. Chuck Cerankosky What banners we’ll get tthey United program over tthey second half? Vivek Sankaran you guys will see it as soon as it comes out, Chuck. Chuck Cerankosky Thank you. Have a great second half. Vivek Sankaran Thank you. Bob Dimond Thanks, Chuck. Logan Plaisance Okay. well, thank you everyone for participating ttheir call ttheir morning. We – Cody and I will be available for any follow-ups over tthey balance of tthey day. And we thank you for joining us and for your interest in Albertsons Companies. Have a great day. Vivek Sankaran Thank you all. Operator Ttheir concludes today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.