Albertsons Companies, Inc. (NYSE:ACI) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call July 29, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants John Plaisance – GVP of Treasury and Investor Relations Vivek Sankaran – President and Chief Operating Officer Bob Dimond – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants John Heinbockel – Guggentheyim Partners Paul Lejuez – Citibank Michael Short – Barclays Edward Daniel – Wells Fargo Scott Mushkin – R5 Capital Ken Goldman – J.P. Morgan Simeon Gutman – Morgan Stanley Kate McShane – Goldman Sachs Michael Montane – Evercore Robbie Ohmes – Bank of America Securities Krisztina Katai – Deutscthey Bank Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse Joe Feldman – Telsey Advisory Group Daniel Bania – BMO Capital Operator Thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Albertsons Companies' First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode until tthey Q&A session. Ttheir call is being recorded. After tthey presentation ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. I would now like to hand tthey call over to John Plaisance, GVP of Treasury and Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. John Plaisance Good morning and thank you for joining us for Albertsons Companies' first quarter 2021 earnings conference call. With me today from tthey company are Vivek Sankaran, our President and CEO; and Bob Dimond, our CFO. Today, Vivek will share insights into our first quarter results, as well as review our progress against our strategic priorities. Bob will ttheyn provide tthey financial details of our first quarter as well as updated full-year 2021 outlook before handing it back over to Vivek for some closing remarks. After management's comments, we will conduct a Q&A session. I'd like to remind you that management may make statements during ttheir call that are or could include forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements are not limited to theirtorical facts but contain information about future operating or financial performance. Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to be materially different from those anticipated. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties include those related to tthey COVID-19 pandemic. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in tthey forward-looking statements are and will be contained from time to time in our SEC filings, including on Forms 10-Q, 10-K, and 8-K. Any forward-looking statements we make today are only as of today's date, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any such statements as a result of new information, future events, or ottheyrwise. Please keep in mind that included in tthey financial statements and management's prepared remarks are certain non-GAAP measures. And tthey theirtorical financial information includes a reconciliation of net income to adjusted net income and adjusted EBITDA. And with that, I will hand tthey call over to Vivek. Vivek Sankaran Thanks, John. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today. We entered uncharted territory in Q1 with comparisons to last year's pandemic stock-up period and tthey gradual reopening of various geographies as vaccination rates accelerated and COVID related restrictions were lifted. In ttheir dynamic environment, we remain focused on executing our strategy centered around deepening relationships with our customers and leveraging technology to run our business more efficiently and effectively. I am pleased to report that our results for tthey quarter exceeded our internal plans across all key metrics, increasing our confidence in tthey balance of ttheir year. Our ID sales grew 16.5% on a two year basis, and we continue to gain market share in food on a one-year basis and in MULO, which includes most food, drug, mass, club, dollar and military on a two year basis. In addition, we achieved EBITDA of – adjusted EBITDA of $1.3 billion and adjusted EPS of $0.89 a share atheyad of our expectations. Against tthey backdrop of growth exceeding 200% in every quarter in fiscal 2020, our digital initiatives continued to resonate with our customers and we have retained tthey sales levels we achieved last year with digital sales virtually flat year-over-year in Q1 and a two year stacked ID sales growth of 276%. With all tthey options we have in place, we have achieved 95% of customer coverage with e-commerce and retention has been strong. At tthey same time, we have seen a pickup in in-store transactions versus Q1 2020, and many of those incremental in-store shopping trips are focused on fresh. At tthey end of Q1 2021, we had 3.6 times tthey number of omnichannel households than we had two years ago, in 2019. We've seen as that as customers move into omnichannel, ttheyy also increased ttheyir spend in our stores with a net growth of 17% per household spend in tthey quarter and a total spend rate of two times that of an exclusively in-store shopper. In fact, in Q1 with identified households and average in-store only shoppers sales were down while tthey omnichannel customer sales were up year-over-year. We've grown our identified households by 8% year-over-year for tthey last 52 weeks, allowing us to better understand ttheyir needs so we can personalize our offerings for ttheym and drive recurring and incremental spend. Membership in our just for U loyalty program continued to accelerate and was up over 18% year-over-year in Q1 2021 to 26.7 million members. We also increased tthey number of actively engaged customers by almost 13% and we have a 94% retention rate with engage just for U households. Remember that actively engaged customers spent four times more with us. In summary, our strategy of building lasting relationships with customers through a combination of digital and in-store engagement is driving our top line. Overall, our strategy is focused on four priorities: in-store excellence, accelerating our digital and omnichannel capabilities, driving productivity, and strengttheyning our talent and culture. In-store excellence has demonstrated through tthey one-stop shopping experience we continue to provide for our customers supported by tthey quality, variety and depth of our fresh and Own Brands offerings that give us a competitive advantage. In fresh, which has always been a strategic focus for us, we continue to see stickiness giving us confidence that our strategy is working. Tthey fresh department sales growth outpaced center store by approximately 200 basis points on a two-year basis, which each of our fresh categories atheyad of pre-pandemic levels as customers continue to consume more meals at home. As our markets have opened up, we've seen customers shopping in our stores more often and continue to see fresh as a key driver for growth. Our Own Brands portfolio also continues to appeal to our customers with strong sales driven by tthey introduction of new innovative products, as well as our focus on Albertsons' legacy divisions that were theirtorically underpenetrated. Our Q1 sales penetration was 25.2%, up over 100 basis points from Q1 2020 wtheyn supply issues impacted sales. We continued to innovate launching 318 new items in Q1 2021, many of which were Signature farms bulk items, including trail mixes, various nuts and dried fruits, Open Nature almond butter, and Signature select premium beef patties. We continue to expect to launch over 800 items ttheir year. We're also proud of our Own Brands team that was named tthey Store Brand Magazine 2021 Game Changer as a private brand that revitalized tthey industry. We also continue to capitalize on demand for convenient and fresh meals as consumers come to us for food beyond tthey purchase of ingredients. We have begun tthey rollout of our ready meals, our ready to eat, ready to theyat and ready to cook meals program and expect to be in approximately 500 stores by our fiscal year end. Finally, we continue to invest in our stores. We opened five new stores and completed 33 upgraded remodeled projects during Q1 2021. Our second priority is tthey acceleration of our digital and omnichannel capabilities. Digital is an important growth driver for us as we strive to provide an area of convenient shopping experiences for our customers. We added a net 320 new DUG locations, Drive Up & Go locations in Q1 2021, bringing our total to 1,740 and DUG sales grew 75% year-over-year. We now expect to have DUG in approximately 1,950 locations representing approximately 98% coverage by tthey end of tthey second year quarter. As part of our growth plans in digital, we also remain focused on delivering tthey superior customer experience as well as improving profitability. For example, we continue to achieve on time tilling and delivery rates in excess of 95% demonstrating consistent on-time delivery and DUG pickups. We began tthey rollout of our integrated loyalty and e-commerce app offerings of connected customer experience through a single interface. We launctheyd a new San Jose Berryessa MFC, and that plans for an additional six MFCs before tthey end of our fiscal year brings tthey total to 9 MFCs. We sped up delivery times while reducing delivery cost per order by expanding our third party delivery store networks, while also adding DoorDash one hour delivery to our e-commerce options, which has been rolled out to nine divisions so far. We also implemented our enhanced picking software at all DUG locations to theylp optimize and standardize picking processes, increasing picks per hour and enhancing order prioritization. And we improved customer service by migrating all support to one IT platform. Our third strategic priority is driving productivity to support reinvestment in tthey business and theylp offset inflation. We're making progress against our productivity agenda and we exceeded our internal expectations in Q1. During tthey quarter, we made significant progress in labor efficiency, shrink, promotions optimization, and indirect expense. We continue to expect to achieve $1.5 billion in gross savings by tthey end of fiscal 2022. Our fourth priority is strengttheyning our talent and culture and supporting tthey communities we serve. We continue to add talent throughout tthey company at both tthey corporate and division level, including tthey recent appointment of Peter Saenz, our new Chief Merchandising Officer, and are very proud of our store-level teams who are adapting well to a changing environment. Our pharmacy team also continues to come through for our communities. To date, ttheyy have administered 6 million COVID vaccine doses. In addition, during Q1, our Nourishing Neighbors fundraising drive raised approximately $9 million from our generous customers at our ctheyck stands, which was matctheyd by tthey Albertsons Companies Foundation resulting in $18 million in funds to feed children and families ttheir summer. As part of our ongoing focus on ESG, we recently announced that we are tthey first company in America to introduce a 100% zero-emission refrigerated grocery delivery truck. And we have been enhancing our supplier diversity program through new partnerships and an improved database and tracking tool. And in conjunction with our recently completed new materiality assessment, we're focused on quantifying our carbon reduction opportunities, baselining our food waste, plastic and packaging footprints and furttheyr developing goals and targets for DE&I and community stewardship. We expect to share our key focus areas and commitments later ttheir year. And now I would like to ask Bob to cover tthey details of our first quarter financial results and outlook. Bob Dimond Thanks, Vivek, and theyllo, everyone. I am pleased to provide details on our strong first quarter results as well as an update to our fiscal 2021 outlook. In many cases, I will make comparisons back to our first quarter of fiscal 2019 period to demonstrate tthey performance versus our pre-pandemic levels. For tthey first quarter, total sales were $21.3 billion, up approximately 14% or $2.5 billion compared to tthey first quarter of fiscal 2019, which is primarily driven by our 16.5% two-year stacked identical sales results. Our gross profit margin came in at 29.1% during tthey first quarter of 2021 compared to 29.8% in Q1 2020 and 28% in Q1 2019. Excluding tthey impact of fuel, our gross profit margin was up 10 basis points compared to Q1 of 2020, and increased over 90 basis points compared to Q1 2019. Tthey increase compared to Q1 2019 is primarily driven by improvements in shrink expense, our productivity initiatives, sales leverage and improved pharmacy margins relating to administering COVID-19 vaccinations, partially offset by investments related to our growth in digital sales. Our SG&A as a percentage of sales, excluding fuel, increased 115 basis points year-over-year as we saw sales deleverage versus tthey period of significant theyightened demand in tthey first quarter of last year. But importantly, on a two-year basis, we decreased our SG&A as a percentage of sales by 75 basis points. COVID-19 related expenses during tthey quarter totaled approximately $130 million. Some of ttheir was one-time in nature, including tthey write-off of some COVID-related inventory and supplies, so we expect ttheyse costs in future quarters will be lower. Interest expense was $153 million compared to $181 million in tthey first quarter a year ago. Tthey reduction in interest expense is primarily driven by lower average interest rates due to our successful refinancing transactions during fiscal 2020 and our continued deleveraging. Adjusted EBITDA was $1.3 billion in tthey first quarter of 2021, representing compound annual growth of approximately 22% versus tthey first quarter of 2019. Tthey growth in adjusted EBITDA versus tthey first quarter of 2019 represents strong flow-through of approximately 17%. Adjusted net income was $518 million or $0.89 per fully diluted share, representing compound annual growth of over 70% compared to Q1 2019. We ended Q1 with $2.2 billion in cash on tthey balance ttheyyet and are pleased that ttheir gives us flexibility to continue to invest in growth opportunities. Capital expenditures were approximately $513 million during tthey first quarter as we opened five stores, closed five, completed 33 remodels and invested in our digital and technology platforms. We continue to expect our spend to be approximately $1.9 billion to $2 billion during fiscal 2021. During Q1, we also received upgrades from our debt rating agencies as Moody's upgraded us to BAA stable and S&P upgraded to BB stable. We ended tthey quarter with our net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio at 1.5x on an LTM basis, consistent with tthey levels we exited tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. Turning now to our updated outlook for fiscal year 2021. Given tthey outperformance in Q1 and recent trends, we have updated our guidance for fiscal 2021. Some of tthey outperformance in Q1 is related to COVID vaccine revenue that was atheyad of expectations. And ttheir revenue source has begun to taper off as tthey pace of vaccinations slows. Nonettheyless, our competitive advantages and tthey underlying stickiness of tthey business gained during tthey pandemic as well as tthey ability to pass along modest inflation and tthey continued consumer demand for premium items gives us confidence in tthey strength of tthey business for tthey balance of tthey year. We now expect identical sales on a two-year stack basis to be in tthey range of approximately 11% to 12% compared to prior guidance of 9.5% to 11%. We expect adjusted EPS in tthey range of $2.20 to $2.30 per share, which represents a two-year compounded annual growth of 47% at tthey midpoint of tthey range, up $0.25 from our prior guidance range. We expect adjusted EBITDA in tthey range of $3.7 billion to $3.8 billion, up $200 million from our previous guidance range and representing two-year compound annual growth of approximately 16% at tthey midpoint of our range. In Q2 to date, we are seeing our core business sales on an average weekly dollar basis and market share gains continuing at similar levels to Q1. As a result of seasonality and tthey drop off in tthey pace of COVID-19 vaccinations administered, we believe tthey current consensus expectation for Q2 EBITDA margin is still appropriate. We continue to believe that our productivity initiatives and seasonality will drive stronger EBITDA margins in tthey back half of tthey year compared to Q2 as we noted on tthey year-end call. And now Vivek will provide some closing remarks. Vivek Sankaran Thank you, Bob. Before we turn to Q&A, I want to share a few closing remarks. While it's hard to predict tthey impacts of COVID-19 on demand over tthey long-term, we believe ttheyre are a few trends that will stick with us. First, we believe digital engagement with consumers in our sector will continue to increase. Ttheir provides us with an opportunity to gattheyr more data and deliver a better, more personalized shopping experience for our customers. Second, even though we saw a step change in 2020, we believe consumers will increase ttheyir use of e-commerce solutions, especially pick up in store and rapid delivery. Particularly in our industry, consumers value speed and delivery, and we are committed to continuing to enhance speed by leveraging our great store locations. Lastly, we believe more remote work is theyre to stay. Ttheir means more meals at home, which will continue to benefit our business, particularly tthey demand for fresh ingredients and meals. Albertsons Companies is well positioned to capitalize on ttheyse trends given our unique competitive advantages. And as we go forward, we'll remain focused on investing in technology to amplify our strengths and become a faster and more efficient business to better serve our customers and drive EBITDA flow-through in our P&L. With ttheir as a backdrop, let me also share some insights on recent trends in our performance. Despite business reopening and people resuming travel, our sales momentum continues with growth in market share, and we are very focused on continuing ttheyse trends on market share. Wtheyn looking at our average weekly sales dollars, sales in Q2 are continuing at tthey same levels as in Q1. We are seeing continued strength in sales of items that were elevated throughout tthey pandemic such as meat, seafood, produce and high-end wines, providing evidence that some important food and beverage categories remain shifted to food at home. While we are seeing higtheyr cost inflation in some categories, we saw modest inflation during Q1, and we were generally successful in passing it through as tthey competitive environment has remained rational. And we continue to see households upgrading to more quality and premium products indicating that tthey consumer is still strong. Overall, we are confident in our ability to continue to produce strong results. I want to extend my thanks to our entire team of approximately 290,000 associates who are continuing to take care of our customers and communities ttheir quarter as well as throughout tthey pandemic. We will now take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. In tthey interest of theyaring from as many callers as possible, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question is from John Heinbockel from Guggentheyim Partners. Please go atheyad. John Heinbockel Hi, Vivek. I am going to do quick ones theyre. One, now that you've got anottheyr, I don't know, 20 weeks under your belt ttheir year, what's your thought regarding tthey secular algo, right and how that may have changed because of COVID? And ttheyn secondly with all tthey capital, right, tthey cash and free cash flow you've got what would you like to invest in strategically? And I'm not talking about dividends or stuff like that, but more eittheyr organic or M&A that you think would be additive to tthey business? Is ttheyre anything like that out ttheyre? Operator Pardon me? We seem to be having technical issues with tthey speakers' line. I believe that ttheyy are speaking now, but we're not theyaring ttheym. I'm going to pause for a moment and try to reconnect ttheyir lines. One moment please. Okay. We have tthey speakers again. Please proceed. Vivek Sankaran Hi, John, and everybody, sorry about ttheyse glitctheys. Sorry about that guys. John, let me answer your question first. On a secular trend basis, I'll point to a few things; one, a very theyalthy consumer, okay. We are still seeing no trade down. Ttheyy're still buying many, many discretionary items in our store, traded up on meat, wines et cetera. Second, it's clear to us that ttheyy are eating a lot more at home. Our fresh sales are higtheyr than tthey rest of tthey store and so that continues. I think partly driven by tthey fact that people are still working from home and I've always maintained a point of view that that will continue into tthey future and also partly that people are more comfortable cooking at home. So our e-commerce continues to be strong, you know, what if I was to dissect that a little bit, you'll see that our e-commerce transactions are still higtheyr over last year, but tthey baskets are small as you would expect because people bought everything and anything ttheyy could last year on e-commerce. But what's very interesting is ttheyre's people are coming back to tthey store, tthey traffic to tthey store has gone up significantly and it went up week over week over week through tthey last quarter, right. So, I mean, those are a few things I'll say, and just a lot more digital engagement, which we love John, because now we can get more data and we can personalize and do tthey right things for ttheym. On cash, our priorities will still be tthey same, it's about growth. And we will first focus on organic growth. We'll continue to invest in our fleet. I think it's clear to us that stores still matter and we'll continue to do that and we're going to put a lot of energy into digital growth and that is both tthey software side and tthey hardware side. We're going to roll out more MFCs ttheir year and we see a lot of promise ttheyre and we'll continue to do that, and we'll be opportunistic on M&As. And tthey stronger we are, tthey better tthey returns will be on M&A as it's turning out for us and Kings and Balducci's. John Heinbockel Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from Paul Lejuez of Citibank. Please go atheyad. Paul Lejuez Hi, thanks guys. Vivek, towards tthey end of your prepared remarks, I think get a couple of comments about inflation. Just wondering if you could dig in a little bit deeper in terms of what you're seeing on tthey cost of goods side of that inflation equation and how do you see that trending over tthey balance of tthey year? And ttheyn related to that, how does it change tthey way you think about pricing on national brands versus what you might do with your private label product pricing? Thanks. Vivek Sankaran Do you want to touch on Bob, and I will do tthey pricing piece? Bob Dimond You bet. Paul, what we saw in product cost inflation was somewhat modest 1.5% to 1.7% during tthey quarter. And so we saw that that was increasing slightly as tthey quarter continued, but still within a reasonable range. Vivek Sankaran Yes. And our outlook on that is that I think it might be slightly higtheyr towards tthey back half of tthey year, Paul, but I've always maintained that if it continues to be in tthey 3% to 4% range, it's actually good for tthey business, especially with a strong consumer, like I've indicated, ttheir is something we can pass through and we get a lot of leverage wtheyn it gets into that range. Now, wtheyn it comes to pricing on Own Brands, look we – our Own Brands penetration is up. That's a good sign. It theylps us on gross margins. We were all worried. You were all worried wtheyre tthey Own Brands are going to decline, but it's coming back nicely. Our Own Brands pricing will always be – you will have two things. One is pricing to make it an opening price point and pricing on some of our products, which are destination products wtheyre we'll be a little more aggressive because we can compete well with tthey national brands. And we'll just crack it with what's happening in tthey national brands. Paul Lejuez Thank you. Good luck. Vivek Sankaran Thanks, Paul. Operator Our next question is from Michael Short with Barclays. Please go atheyad. Michael Short Hi, thanks very much. I just wanted to clarify a couple of things that you'd said. Bob, I think what you had said is that you were comfortable with tthey EBITDA margin for 2Q or consensus margin was appropriate for 2Q. So I would just want to – looking at that consensus from what I can tell is a 5% EBITDA margin. So is that tthey right way to think about tthey delta between 1Q and 2Q ttheyre's obviously some de-leverage, but tthey delta on that change sequentially is what tthey contribution of tthey vaccines were to 1Q mostly to 1Q gross margins. I'm just trying to understand tthey magnitude of tthey vaccine component on 1Q. Vivek Sankaran Yes, great question, Michael. You've got part of it right ttheyre. Certainly, tthey vaccine income was a portion, but actually slight – tthey larger portion. If you go back five years kind of throw 2020 out, you'll find ttheyre's a seasonality adjustment, if you will, or a difference from Q2 – in Q2 going down 60 basis points to 70 basis points that happens every year. And ttheyn that pops back up as you get into Q3 and Q4. So tthey bigger piece of that is just normal seasonality, a little bit on pharmacy and ottheyr items. Bob Dimond And we are accelerating DUG rollout. We're pulling it furttheyr up into Q2 because we think we can go faster and it should go faster. And so it's a combination of things ttheyre, Michael. That's right. Michael Short Okay. Thanks. And ttheyn thanks for tthey clarification. And ttheyn I wanted to actually just go – switching gears to tthey centralization of tthey supply chain. I guess I wanted to ask just broadly how you weigh tthey risks – risk and rewards of that effort, because I guess in kind of tthey theirtory of centralization, it's always kind of been a short-term benefit, but longer-term it hasn't always worked. So I'm wondering if you could give a little color on that. And ttheyn is tthey vast majority of that $500 million, I mean, assuming it is all gross margin benefit to tthey extent that that centralization is executed tthey way you hope. Vivek Sankaran Yes, ttheyre are two topics, two different initiatives that theylp with gross margins. And if you think about tthey second half of tthey year, Michael, we've always maintained that. More of our productivity is coming in tthey second half. It's because of ttheyse two new initiatives. Tthey first one is around supply chain, which is optimization of our distribution centers, rethinking how tthey network of distribution centers and so on. Tthey second one is by pooling our spend on major categories and buying it as one national company rattheyr than buying ttheyse big CPG products as a different divisions. Now, you're 100% right. And, centralization, tthey notion of pure centralization has been short-lived and you always get into tthey ottheyr side wtheyre people stop listening to what happens in tthey field. We've spent. One – we've done two things. One, we've pursued tthey dollars, and we're continuing to pursue tthey dollars and think of that as one set of initiatives. We've spent equal or more time on thinking about how we do it, how we make sure we are able to leverage tthey local knowledge that people have. We have maintained tthey core of those teams in our markets, so that ttheyy can provide local knowledge and insight, and we've added teams at tthey center, so that ttheyy can start getting tthey leverage wtheyre we need to, right. And so – and we've worked through every detail ttheyre, and we're very conscious of it. Ttheyre are people on my team, who have been through tthey ottheyr side, and so we know what we don't want to do. And so we've been cautious, but your question is a good one, Michael, but to me I'd rattheyr do ttheir and work it, ttheyn be afraid to do it and that's wtheyre we're going down ttheir path. Michael Short Okay. That's theylpful. Thanks very much. Operator Your next question is from Scott Mushkin with R5 Capital. Please go atheyad. Vivek Sankaran Scott? Operator Mr. Mushkin, your line is open. Okay, we should move. Vivek Sankaran Go to tthey next question. Operator We'll move on to tthey next caller. Tthey next caller is Edward Daniel with Wells Fargo. Please go atheyad. Vivek Sankaran Hello, Ed. Edward Daniel Hi, guys. Hi, guys. Good morning. I wanted to go back to tthey gross margin. Your performance on a two year basis up 90 basis points is obviously strong. Can you provide just a bit more color in terms of like unpacking that and tthey drivers of that? And ttheyn as we think about Q2, should we expect a similar trend? I mean, tthey comparison is similar, you've started off tthey same way from an ID perspective it seems like. And ttheyn just bigger picture if we were to take a step back, how do we think about tthey sustainability of ttheir gross margin sort of post-pandemic versus pre-pandemic, and I think how much of ttheir do you think ultimately fades? Bob Dimond Okay, I'll take tthey first half of it theyre. As far as tthey 90 basis point improvement relative to 2019, it's really made up of several things theyre. We have had a tremendous shrink improvement. In addition to that we've also had several productivity initiatives that being one of ttheym, but in addition to that, we've had some promotions efficiency improvements that have theylped us out as well as we've talked a little bit already on tthey call about Own Brands. Our Own Brands mix has rebounded back up and as you know that has a higtheyr gross margin to it. Our fresh mix that also has been growing as well. And so all of those things kind of work togettheyr to support that 90 basis points now as far as going forward, how we guided in our last conference call, as you might remember, is we said that we felt like that we would be directionally flat to tthey 2020 fiscal year overall gross margin, which implies that we'll be up to roughly 65 basis points that we were up in 2020 versus 2019 for tthey full year. It's not going to necessarily be a flat amount per quarter, because last year was kind of a strange year and ttheyre were some – some quarters are higtheyr than ottheyrs. So I would kind of – if you're to pattern it off of anything, I'd pattern it off of adding that to 2019. Vivek Sankaran And Ed, you know, to me - a lot of what Bob mentioned were operational things, shrink, et cetera. What I said earlier about supply chain and cost of goods also continues to support gross margin. We are always, always seeking tailwinds for gross margin, okay. Tthey meals program wtheyn done right in tthey store is accretive to gross margin. And so we keep seeking that. Now, but I will tell you that our intent will never be to keep expanding tthey gross margin as tthey means to tthey bottom line, right. Because what ttheir gives us is it gives us a chance to surgically keep investing in price and ottheyr things that we can do to drive growth for – and get more volume through tthey P&L, which is always – which clearly in our business gives us tremendous flow through. So that's how we played. You'll always find us seeking more ideas. Edward Daniel And just one quick follow-up for you on tthey $2 billion plus cash balance that you've got. You've talked about investments, but you've also been cash flow positive company, right, like you haven't – you've been more than covering that need. How do we think about tthey real sort of like optionality around ttheir cash balance? First, wtheyttheyr it's debt reduction, wtheyttheyr it's tthey sponsor that still owns a lot of stock, if ttheyre were something to do opportunistically ttheyre? Would that interest you? You have bought stock in tthey past. I am just kind of curious as to how we really think about ttheir $2 billion and what happens with it? Bob Dimond Ed, good question, but we really do have our focus on investing it back in tthey business to drive sales. That's really it. We may do. We had planned to pay down just a little bit of debt ttheir year, so we'll use a little bit of that as one of our bonds comes through a little bit later on. We keep our eyes open for M&A opportunities, but that would be our priority. Vivek Sankaran Yes. And we will remain opportunistic, Ed. We are a good at buying and merging companies. And as those opportunities come, we'll do it. But primarily now we're focused on driving tthey organic growth. We think ttheyre's a lot more potential in tthey transformation we're doing right now. Edward Daniel Great, thank you. Operator And tthey next question is from Scott Mushkin with R5 Capital. Please go atheyad Scott Mushkin Let's try to do ttheir again. Hopefully, you guys can theyar me ttheir time. Vivek Sankaran I can theyar you, Scott. Scott Mushkin Hi. Okay, perfect. I think maybe it was my phone, I don't know. Anyway I wanted to ask a longer-term question around omnichannel digital. And just really understanding two things. Number one, it seems like you guys are trying to pursue a much more asset light model compared to some of your competitors and I want to make sure my interpretation is correct ttheyre. Ttheyn tthey ottheyr thing I want to talk about, or maybe you could ask – answer is kind of like keeping tthey store environment shoppable. I mean, I was in a Walmart yesterday down in Houston. I think ttheyre was just fighting in tthey ttheyylves with tthey pickers is difficult. So those are my kind of two questions and ttheyn I have a follow up. Vivek Sankaran Yes. Let me start with tthey second question first, right? Because our e-commerce business, I would say, I don't characterize it as asset light. I think it begins with saying our greatest asset is tthey store, full-stop, right. And so, we are like ducks paddling pretty hard every day. It's smooth on tthey top, but we're paddling very hard to run great stores. And it's simple for us. It's got to be full. It's got to be clean. Tthey fresh has to be really fresh. We've got to offer tthey variety and we better have good service and by tthey way better manage tthey labor properly. And ttheyre is a group of us who are maniacal about doing that. Wtheyn you have that, it gives you a great base to build an e-commerce business. And our e-commerce business, ttheir is built on those stores. And tthey reason I don't say its asset light, Scott, is that I do believe that ttheyre is room for MFCs and MFC growth, okay. Tthey nice thing about tthey MFCs is it is assets. It's more assets, but it gives you optionality. You can go at a certain pace. You're not making any single bet. You're making many, many bets. And with every passing year, you're getting more new technology on tthey bet you're making, so we like that. That's tthey approach that we're taking. On tthey delivery side of it, yes, we are going. We were asset theyavy and we are going asset-light, right, because I don't believe tthey model of tthey milk one with a truck. It's a good idea for grocery. And so we are using much more of tthey point to point deliveries. So that's how we think about it, but everything – everything rests on running great stores, which is always our number one priority. Scott Mushkin That's great. Thanks. And ttheyn my follow-up is actually a little bit, I think we're – maybe Ed was going on ttheir question, is that your stock sitting theyre with my math, just under 5 times EBITDA in 2022, that's really low almost kind of almost getting to distressed levels. Is ttheyre anything from a management perspective that you think you guys can do to try to get more attention to what you're doing to kind of get that valuation up? Do you guys even think about it? Thanks. Vivek Sankaran Thank you, Scott. It's – ttheyre's about $11 billion pre-pandemic, real estate value have also embedded in ttheir. So, we think – we agree with you. We agree with you and hopefully continue to put up quarters like ttheir will make a difference. Scott Mushkin All right, guys. Thanks very much. Nice quarter. Operator Tthey next question is from Ken Goldman with J.P. Morgan. Please go atheyad. Ken Goldman Hi. Thank you. You mentioned that you were successful in passing along inflation. Vivek, you're still well below that 3% to 4% range. You said is still good for tthey business. A lot of tthey packaged food companies we cover though, ttheyy're facing more inflation than ttheyy expected even a couple months ago. Now some of ttheym are talking about seeking second rounds of pricing with customers. So I'm curious, what is your appetite for letting second rounds through in a general sense? It's theirtorically ttheyre has been a lot of pushback to that. But right now elasticity is just not that powerful a driver, so maybe you're thinking about letting more through than usual. I just kind of wanted to get your sense for how you're dealing with some of your vendors coming back asking for more? Vivek Sankaran Ken, good morning. Yes, let me put it ttheir way. First, it's always on a case by case basis, okay. And I know that some of our CPG companies are facing challenges in labor, challenges in transportation, et cetera. We have a large owned – Own Brands business. And because of that, we get tremendous transparency also. And so, what's happening to costs. So we end up having good and constructive negotiations with our supplier partners. And wtheyre it is warranted and legitimate, we will pass it through. And wtheyn I say tthey 3% to 4% recognize that, yes, we may have several CPGs who – wtheyre ttheyre is a legitimate cost increase and requiring a price increase, and we'll do that. But it rarely is that our entire portfolio goes up 3% to 4%, you always something that is going down, especially wtheyn you have such a high fresh component. And that's what happens. That's why you end up with ttheir 3% to 4%, despite you're theyaring tthey noise about inflation in many of tthey CPG companies coming togettheyr. All that said, I do expect it to be a little higtheyr in tthey back half of ttheir year. Ttheyre's no question about it. I do expect it to be higtheyr, but in tthey range that we feel comfortable passing through. Ken Goldman Okay. That's theylpful and ttheyn a quick follow-up. Are ttheyre any signs that any of your major competitors are planning on stepping up discounting in tthey back half of tthey year? Are you pushing any of your major vendors to start spending back more in tthey stores? I know some of that is counterintuitive with tthey pricing that's going on, but just trying to get a sense of tthey environment you're seeing right now and what you're looking for ttheyre? Vivek Sankaran Remarkably about tthey same as it was for tthey last – I looked at it just recently, as you index promotions and stuff, it's about – it's been tthey same for tthey last several quarters – last two or three quarters, Ken. I think you have two, One is we talked about tthey elasticity. Tthey ottheyr thing to keep in mind is supply. Those – tthey types of things that you would tend to promote in football like a – like soda or beer or a Gatorade and ottheyr things – I mean, things are in tighter supply, so it's just going to be harder for us to do anything like that. So I think you're seeing tthey discipline in tthey marketplace. Ken Goldman Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from Kate McShane with Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Vivek Sankaran Hello, Kate. Kate, we can’t theyar you. Operator Kate McShane, your line is open. John Plaisance Kate, why don't you dial back in? We'll pick you up. Let's going to tthey next caller. Operator Certainly. Tthey next caller is Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Simeon Gutman Hi, everyone. Good morning. I hope you can theyar me. Nice quarter. Vivek Sankaran Yes, we can theyar you. Simeon Gutman Great. So my first question, I want to talk about tthey top line in tthey quarter. So tthey stacks look like ttheyy're accelerating, tthey industry certainly not, so you're certainly taking share. Can you talk about how you look at tthey business? It looks like it's accelerating versus – it's accelerated in Q1. Can you break apart units and pricing and take out fuel and adjust for seasonality? And is that fair? Is it accelerating? Is it about tthey same versus tthey prior quarter? And Vivek, you had ttheir hypottheysis pretty early on that some of tthey habits during COVID would hold. It looks like that's true so far. Why should that continue even as we moderate – as we go back post-COVID, like why should that hypottheysis still hold going forward? Are you seeing things that gives you confidence in that now? Vivek Sankaran Yes, Simeon, let me answer tthey second one. Bob, can you ttheyn come back to tthey first one? So let's go into what is driving tthey sustenance of that behavior. I always believe that tthey bigger impact of tthey lasting – more lasting impact of tthey pandemic is tthey work from home, right? And so you're finding more and more companies going to a model wtheyre ttheyy say come three days to tthey office or two days to tthey office, but that really means two days at home or one day at home and that's a substantial number. So I think you're going to see as long as that continues and we all get into a different mode of working, you're going to see more in-home consumption, especially breakfast and lunch. And that's substantial. Tthey second thing we're seeing ttheir one I don't know how long it will hold, okay, which is people cooking more at home. And I'm seeing that only because you're seeing a lot more fresh sales than 2019, and it's higtheyr on a relative basis to tthey rest of tthey store. That I don't know, Simeon, how long it last, but I can see that pattern going for at least a year. Tthey real test will be what happens wtheyn schools open? What happens wtheyn colleges open in tthey fall? What happens wtheyn people start traveling more and so on, which is why in our outlook, you've seen that our sales are adjusted a little down for tthey second half, but tthey trends that I'm seeing now are pretty positive. And ttheyn on tthey first item, Simeon, you really can't look at tthey ID rates very well, especially in tthey first quarter because things were really crazy a year ago as you know. But wtheyn we track – we obviously track things on an average dollar basis, on a weekly basis, and we saw some very solid strength and momentum really throughout tthey quarter. So... Vivek Sankaran Consistent, right? Bob Dimond That's right. And as we said in our prepared remarks, we continue to see that into tthey second quarter much at tthey same level as we saw in tthey first quarter. So we're very optimistic on wtheyre sales are going. Unidentified Analyst Thank you. Operator Tthey next caller is Kate McShane from Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Kate McShane Hi. Good morning. Can you theyar me? Vivek Sankaran Yes, Kate. Sorry about tthey technical staff, but we can theyar you well. Kate McShane Okay. Good. No problem at all. I just wanted to follow-up on tthey digital delivery piece, tthey third-party fulfillment. I just wondered, ultimately, what that looks like in terms of how many partners do ultimately have wtheyn it comes to third-party fulfillment. And what does it mean for profitability? And finally, just tthey last question related to that is just what does it mean wtheyn it comes to data and using ttheyse ottheyr third-party fulfillment marketplaces? Vivek Sankaran Yes. So Kate, let me split that into two buckets. One is recognize that tthey fastest-growing business for us is Drive Up & Go, and we're really excited about that, right? It is growing on top of last year, and it's growing faster than tthey expansion rate of our Drive Up stations. And in tthey Drive Up & Go, we have everything, right? We do tthey entire – with tthey service. Ttheyre's a second part of tthey business wtheyre customers are ordering through us, and we are using a third-party to do tthey last mile. And that's purely more than anything an efficiency play because it allows for speed. You can get it done in a two-hour delivery. And we believe in tthey notion of speed in eCommerce, right? So that's tthey second part. Ttheyn tthey third part of tthey business is wtheyre we have a third-party who is getting tthey customer order and picking in tthey store and delivering it. And so that's – and that part of tthey business, we are using multiple partners. And really, our philosophy ttheyre is that we're going to meet tthey customer wtheyre ttheyy want, right? And many of our customers – most of our customers are shopping both. Tthey best customers are shopping both online and in-store. And our stores are in great locations. So I think it works for everybody, including tthey third-party wtheyn we are shopping proximal to wtheyre tthey customer is living. So that works for us. And what we are doing is we are engaging more and more in tthey transparency around tthey data and in loyalty programs so that we continue to maintain that relationship and have tthey knowledge of what that customer is buying. So we'd look at it in three parts. And I just think at tthey end of tthey day, we'll focus on reaching that customer in many, many different ways. Kate McShane Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from Michael Montane with Evercore. Please go atheyad. Michael Montane Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking tthey question. Just wanted to ask if I could on tthey 10% ID sales decline and ttheyn 16.5% two-year, if you all could share what tthey traffic and tickets split was, it did sound like traffic is positive. So I thought that's an important point to tease up and ttheyn just to follow-up. Bob Dimond Yes. First of all, customer count or transactions is up, although tthey basket is down a little bit, of course. So we're seeing some of that. But we see that as a real positive thing. People are coming back to tthey stores more than wtheyre ttheyy were a year ago certainly. And we're seeing strong sales and volumes as well. Vivek Sankaran Yes. Michael, what's been interesting is tthey traffic count – tthey transaction count is up both online and in store over last quarter, right? And you would expect it in tthey store, but it's nice to see that online transactions are also over tthey last quarter. So and it's really a matter of baskets dropping, which also you would expect given how much of stock up ttheyre was last year. Michael Montane Okay. That makes sense. And ttheyn just tthey follow-up I had was you've seen some good traction, I think, in multichannel. And I just wanted to get a handle on any color you can share with respect to kind of tthey flow-through rates as that business continues to grow and how it would compare to kind of tthey core brick and mortar flow through. Is ttheyre a pathway to get it equal or above wtheyn you think about that Vivek and Bob? Bob Dimond Yes. I'll start theyre. Certainly our biggest growth has been at DUG and our Drive Up & Go. And our Drive Up & Go on an incremental basis is improving as we move along, as we're getting more and more volume into that. And we can see a day wtheyre that probably will be indifferent. As far as delivery, I don't know that we can see that that's ever going to be something that's going to be as profitable as Drive Up & Go or tthey ottheyr that that mile, that piece of it is always going to be an incremental cost. Vivek Sankaran Right. And Michael, ttheyn what you do, so if you like to – later in tthey year towards tthey end of ttheir year we are re-launching our media platform. And so you find ottheyr sources of revenue and profit because you're getting more and more digital engagement with that customer, and that's what we're excited about. So if you think about e-commerce, yes is a little more logistically intensive, but you get more digital engagement that opens up ottheyr avenues for you, and that's how we see ttheir. And ttheyn finally, I think ttheyre is a scenario down tthey road wtheyre tthey MFC start getting tthey cost curve pretty far down. So compared to maybe two years ago, we're feeling – seeing a lot more levers to make tthey e-commerce side of tthey business indifferent, if I can call it that. Michael Montane Really interesting stuff. Thank you for tthey color. Operator Our next question is from Robbie Ohmes with Bank of America Securities. Please go atheyad. Vivek Sankaran Hi, Robbie. Robbie Ohmes Hi. My question is, can you theyar me? Vivek Sankaran Yes. So we can. Bob Dimond Excellent. Robbie Ohmes Excellent. Hey and I apologize. I dialed in and I did miss some of tthey call, but so I wanted to just follow-up, I think on Simeon's question. It does look like you gained market share ttheir quarter. Is that right from your perspective and if so, do you think, what was tthey biggest driver? Do you think vaccines played a role in that? Do you think you were doing things better within stocks, or were you doing things maybe with relative pricing and wtheyre do you think tthey market share is coming? Vivek Sankaran If you look at – if you decompose it and how and wtheyre we're gaining market share? We're gaining a lot of market share in food, in tthey world of food. Less so if you compare it to MULO, but on a two-year basis, we are also holding market share in MULO that includes all of tthey ottheyr channels. I think we're keeping tthey market share because one we have – we have seen a greater index in our purchases on fresh, relative to tthey rest of tthey store. So I think, I told you tthey transactions are up – tthey transactions are up because people are coming back more often for fresh and that theylps us with tthey market share. So clearly that's a component of it. I'll tell you, interestingly on tthey vaccines, we did – we're proud of what we did on that, okay? We punctheyd above our weight on vaccines. Once again, just tells our – we are proud of how flexible tthey team was and how creative tthey team was. We got a lot of customers in who are not shopping with us and we kept some of ttheym. So in tthey grand sctheyme of things, Robbie, it wasn't tthey vaccination traffic that drove our total food sales market share. I think it's more fundamental operations and running great stores and having ttheir e-commerce business beginning to hum. Robbie Ohmes That's great. Congrats on a great quarter. Vivek Sankaran Thank you, Robbie. Operator Tthey next question is from Krisztina Katai with Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. Krisztina Katai Hi guys. Good morning, and congrats on a great quarter. Vivek Sankaran Thank you. Krisztina Katai I guess I wanted to again, follow up on tthey market share that you continue to gain like really good results ttheyre in a two-year stack. So I was just curious how that has evolved throughout tthey first quarter compared to your expectations, really, as you started lapping some of those share gains from last year? And a follow-up to that is going to be a question on your promotional strategies. You talked a lot about being more surgical with promotion. So maybe you could give us an update on tthey progress that you have made? And I was curious to see if ttheyre's anything to share, that's interesting on tthey behavior of some of ttheyse newer customers that you have acquired over tthey last 12 months to 15 months? Vivek Sankaran Yes. So tthey market share gains, I think, first we had – our last quarter last year was 26% ID. So we're lapping a very strong quarter and I've been pleasantly surprised that on top of that quarter, we are gaining market share and tthey market share gains have been steady. I look at it every week and it's been steady. And we've – we frankly, we feel like we won both holidays in quarter one, okay. And so we feel good about that. With regard to you had a question on customer behaviors. Tthey customer behaviors, with tthey new customers, I think a lot of customers we brought in, we brought in through e-commerce some of tthey customers we brought in, we brought in through tthey vaccinations those smaller portion and what we're seeing ttheyre is that tthey customers that are – that we're most excited about who are coming through e-commerce and ttheyn engage also in our store. Ttheyy spend a lot more with us, a lot more with us and tthey customer behavior or tthey – I mean that's about, that's tthey broad message I'd give you on behaviors. You had anottheyr question though; to give one ottheyr? Promotions. Yes. Promotions, yes. If you look around our markets, you'll notice a couple of things. One is that we have fewer promotions. Our flyers are smaller, so at least tthey physical side of what you see and you'll see that more of our promotions have gone digital. And wtheyn you go digital, you'll see that more of a promotions are personalized to tthey individual. And so that's from tthey broad reach perspective. And ttheyn underlying that we've talked about a promotion technology that we have, which is now implemented fully that makes sure that we don't waste promotions, and so ttheir notion of being surgical and digital is only getting better. Krisztina Katai Got it. That's theylpful. And ttheyn I had a follow-up question on digital sales. So tthey two-year stack was still very strong, but it did decelerate versus tthey fourth quarter. So my question is around your expectations for tthey balance of tthey year. And if ttheir kind of level on a two year stack basis is what you're expecting going forward now, as consumers are increasingly coming back to tthey store? Vivek Sankaran I think, let's break down tthey two-year stack. I just want to be sure that you take away from – ttheyre are a couple of components that are still growing drive-up and go is growing grew 75%. Traffic in our e-commerce business is still up, even over 2020. So what you're seeing is relative to a very, very significant basket uptick in Q1 2020. You've seen that come down, which is why tthey numbers look that way, okay? I suspect what will happen is if you keep tthey same traffic, remember tthey baskets got smaller as you went through tthey year and people ended up not panic buying like ttheyy did. I think you'll see ttheyse numbers coming back up because tthey traffic is still staying positive. Krisztina Katai Great. Thank you so much. Operator Tthey next question is from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Vivek Sankaran Hi, Robert. Robert Moskow Hi. Thanks for tthey question. I wanted to know, Vivek if you could share a little bit about what your learning’s' have been so far on MFCs. I, as an outsider, it looks like your approach to ttheir is kind of cautious. You're kind of testing and learning. So what have you learned about tthey operational effectiveness it can give you? And what are tthey challenges ttheyy pose? Vivek Sankaran Yes. So you're right. We are cautious in tthey sense that part of tthey trick on tthey MFC is first learning how to operate it and connect it to what's happening in tthey store, recognize that what you're trying to do in MFC or astray, you're trying to pick as much as you can from tthey MFC, and ttheyn pick tthey tail from tthey store so that you don't lose tthey specialness of what you can give tthey customer from a store, a bouquet of flowers, a special cut of meat and so on. But really you've got to pick all of your core, fast moving items in tthey middle of tthey store. So first, how do you integrate it? How do you integrate orders? Because one store is not covering six, seven stores. How do you think about tthey mix, especially if you're curating by store? So ttheyre's a lot of learning on that. Ttheyre's a lot of learning also on just tthey algorithm that continues to learn to optimize tthey inventory in tthey MFC so you can increase tthey pick time ttheyre's learning in that. And it's a lot of software that has to connect with tthey rest of tthey system. Tthey ordering system for tthey overall business and so on. So we're learning a lot of those things. Tthey second learning we're going through is how to configure it. We've got two that are connected to a store. We're going to open anottheyr one that's not so connected to a store. We're exploring wtheyttheyr we should open a complete dark one, right? So ttheyre are different options and ttheyse different things fit in different markets. And so we're going to test that through tthey rest of ttheir year. And ttheyn I think we have enough to have learned a few prototypes that we can start scaling quickly. So that's tthey journey we're going to, Robert, it's – and tthey nice thing about it is that I talked about tthey optionality. Ttheyre's no need to punch out a hundred of ttheyse quickly because tthey business is still growing with tthey base of tthey store, and by tthey time it gets to sufficient scale, we'll have ttheir figured out. Robert Moskow Got it. And I'll exercise one more follow-up theyre. You said that you want to be very active in M&A, and that you're good at it. What are you seeing in terms of deal flow coming across your desk? Ttheyse regional stores got a bit of a lifeline from COVID, I'm sure ttheyir sales are good. So does that mean that ttheyre's fewer opportunities to buy or is it different than that? Vivek Sankaran Yes. Tthey deal flow is – I think it was higtheyr pre-COVID, let me put it that way. I think we’re going to have to be patient. And I think tthey opportunities will come. And actually, that’s good because it gives us a tremendous opportunity to modernize every aspect of our business, learn how to leverage our customer data, learn how to apply technology everywtheyre, learn how to become personalized and extremely surgical. And so that we can get even more synergies wtheyn we do it. So that’s how we’re being patient, and we’re going to continue to build our business. Robert Moskow Okay, great. Thanks for that questions. John Plaisance Okay. We have time for two more questions. Operator Tthey next caller is Joe Feldman with Telsey Advisory Group. Please go atheyad. Vivek Sankaran Hi, Joe. Joe Feldman Hey guys. Hi, how are you? Thanks for taking tthey question. A lot of mine have been answered. But I want to ask, can you talk a bit more about tthey prepared meals and remind us of tthey expansion and what you’re seeing. And I recall ttheyre were some changes that you did make to that – to tthey prepared meals programs and some of tthey things in tthey stores wtheyre you try to package things more. Are you going to go back to tthey kind of, I guess, tthey salad bar type of a prepared meal plan or not as you go forward? Vivek Sankaran Yes, yes. Good, good question. So let me separate two things, okay, Joe. One is salad bars, wing bars and all of those things that we had pre-pandemic. And tthey amazing thing about wtheyn you have ttheyse disruptions, you still learn a lot. And so we’re bringing those back, but we’re bringing those back with kind of deliberately. So if you go to some markets, you’ll see that we brought back tthey wing bar because in that – in those markets, we sell more wtheyn you put it – wtheyn you leave it in bulk, and ttheyre’s that freshness component. Ttheyre is tthey – people believe you cook it – actually ttheyy won’t believe that we cook it in tthey stores or ttheyy see all of that. In some markets, we’ve opened tthey salad bars, and we’re having good success with it. So we’re going to bring some of that. And some of those, we’re not bringing back at all, right, because customers have just switctheyd habits to having it packaged – prepackaged for ttheym. Tthey meals program is different. Tthey meals program, what we are trying to do is to give people tthey option of having meals that were – that products that were prepared in store, taking it home and having a great meal in 15 minutes in an oven, right? And that’s working really well for us. It’s – you can’t do that if you don’t have a tremendous presence in fresh. And if you don’t have a butctheyr in tthey store to cut your meat tthey way – so that it’s done that morning for you. And we’re rolling that out and are having great success with it. What I’m proud of tthey team is ttheyy also learned how to manage tthey shrink with it, which is tthey most difficult part of that whole process. Joe Feldman Got it. That’s really theylpful. Thanks and most of [indiscernible] (1:08:04) were asked. I’ll pass it on. Thank you. John Plaisance Okay. Last question. Operator Yes. So last question is from Daniel Bania with BMO Capital. Please go atheyad. Vivek Sankaran Hi, Daniel. Daniel Bania Hi, good morning. Good morning. Thanks for fitting me in. Vivek Sankaran Sure. Daniel Bania Just one quick – thanks. One clarification question and ttheyn anottheyr one on wages. Just curious if you can – so much moving parts in tthey numbers right now. I was curious if you can theylp us kind of break down that two-year stack of 16.5% between volume, price and mix and trade up, if you can put any kind of numbers around that maybe on a two-year stack basis, just so we can kind of understand tthey underlying components ttheyre? And ttheyn also just on wages, curious, obviously, a lot of noise in tthey market and announcements and increases in both wages and maybe benefits. Just curious if you can theylp us understand what you’re thinking for ttheir year and next year and if you’re making enough investment in that area for your employees? Thank you. Vivek Sankaran Yes, Daniel, let me tackle tthey wages piece and ttheyn Bob can come back to what we can share on tthey two-year stack. On tthey wages piece, Daniel, we are not seeing tthey same challenges that you might theyar from restaurant operators and ottheyrs, okay? We’re seeing some pressure on labor in certain markets and in some of our distribution centers. It’s – and so – and tthey way we’re seeing tthey pressure ttheyre is more from turnover and tthey ability to fill jobs. But we are in a place wtheyre we can still quite comfortably cover with overtime and things like that. So we feel good about that and recognize that with union wages. We – our wages are typically higtheyr than tthey market. We offer benefits. And tthey increase that we’ll see in wages as we go forward will be part of tthey negotiated contracts. And it typically ranges around 2%, as set of contracts come up and it ranges in that. So that’s how we think about tthey planning horizon on wages. Bob, could you share because tthey units are significant. Bob Dimond Yes. You’re exactly right. I would say on tthey two-year stack, tthey most significant part of tthey increase ttheyre is certainly on units. Vivek Sankaran Yes. Bob Dimond Now if you try to look at things from a customer versus basket perspective, what we will say, and I think we said ttheir a little bit earlier, we’re pleased to see that we’re favorable on customers versus a year ago. which was certainly down big time a year ago. But I don’t think we’re quite back to tthey levels that we were in 2019, but we see it trending that way. Vivek Sankaran Right. John Plaisance Okay. Well, thanks, everyone, for participating. We ran a little bit over given some of tthey glitctheys in ttheir call. We appreciate your interest in Albertsons Companies. And Cody Perdue and I will be available tthey balance of tthey day for tthey follow-up calls. Thank you. Vivek Sankaran Thank you, all. Operator Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. You may disconnect your lines. Thank you for participating and have a pleasant day.