United Insurance Holdings Corp. (UIHC) Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call February 20, 2020 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Adam Prior - Senior Vice President at Tthey Equity Group John Forney - Chief Executive Officer Brad Martz - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Marcos Holanda - Raymond James Freddie Sleiffer - KBW Greg Peters - Raymond James Operator Greetings and welcome to tthey United Insurance Holdings Fourth Quarter and Year End Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder ttheir conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Adam Prior of Equity Group. Thank you sir. You may begin. Adam Prior Thank you and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us. You can find copies of UPC's earnings release today at www.upcinsurance.com in tthey Investor Relations section. In addition, tthey company has made an accompanying presentation available on its website. You are also welcome to contact our office at 212-836-9606 and we would be happy to send you a copy. In addition, UPC Insurance has made ttheir broadcast available on its website. Before we get started, I would like to read tthey following statement on behalf of tthey company. Except with respect to theirtorical information, statements made in ttheir conference call constitute forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of federal securities laws, including statements relating to trends in tthey company's operations and financial results and tthey business and tthey product of tthey company and its subsidiary. Actual results from UPC may differ materially from those results anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements as a result of risks and uncertainties, including those described from time to time in UPC's filings with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. UPC specifically disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future developments or ottheyrwise. With that, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Mr. John Forney, UPC's Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, John. John Forney Thanks Adam. Ttheir is John Forney, President and CEO of UPC Insurance. With me today is Brad Martz, our Chief Financial Officer. On behalf of everyone at UPC, we appreciate your taking time to join us on tthey call. As a reminder we are now publishing an investor presentation in conjunction with our earnings release. You can find it on our website and I encourage you to review it. While we will not be going slide by slide through that presentation, we will refer from time to time to some of tthey data and analytics included ttheyrein. 2019 was a tough year for our company and Q4 epitomized that. Unusually high non-cat severity on fire and liability claims almost tripled tthey levels from last year's Q4 hurt our results. See slide 5 of tthey investor presentation to see what an outlier Q4 2019 was in that regard compared to tthey two prior Q4s. Also suppressing results in Q4 was a decision we made to significantly strengttheyn our cat and non-cat reserves for 2019. See slide 10 of tthey investor presentation which shows that our year-end reserves are up almost 52% from 2018. Ttheir much more conservative approach to 2019 reserving minimizes 2020 reserve risk and tthey measures we took in previous quarters during 2019 on prior accident years theylped us to show zero adverse development in Q4. What we did in Q4 should theylp that very positive trend continue into 2020.  We're starting off 2020 in very strong position on several important fronts. First rates look at slide 9 to tthey investor presentation, incremental premium from tthey many rate actions we took in 2019 is ramping up, hitting a $62 million annualized rate in December from policies renewing in that month alone. And ttheir is without any of tthey impact yet from our most recent large New York and Florida rate increases which are just starting to hit renewal policies. Add to that tthey hardening commercial market and a rate picture looks bright. Second, reserves as I mentioned earlier our year-end reserves are up almost 52% from a year ago and our reserving posture overall it's much more conservative for both cat and non-cat. Look at slide 11 of tthey investor presentation to see how much we strengttheyn 2019 case reserves in addition to adding a lot of IBNR. With no adverse development in Q4 and much higtheyr accident year 2019 reserves we are looking to take reserve noise off tthey table for 2020. Third, reinsurance as one of tthey 10 largest purchasers of U.S. property cat reinsurance in tthey world with over $4 billion of total limit across our programs we are in reinsurance buying mode most of tthey year. Our team at Skyway Re, our internal reinsurance broker is tthey best in tthey business and ttheyy did a great job on our 11 renewal and have made great progress on our 61 core cat tower renewal. See slide 12 of tthey investor presentation which shows that over 85% of that program is already placed. We have amazing long-term reinsurance partners and we look forward to working with ttheym on tthey remaining 15% of tthey program. Fourth, capital as slide 15 of tthey investor presentation shows despite retaining almost $400 million of cat losses in tthey past few years UPC's book value per share is down only slightly. Tthey seven-year compounded annual growth rate of 10.8% for book value reflects tthey long-term strength and anti-fragility of our business model. Our balance ttheyyet is strong and we will not need to raise capital in 2020 even if we suffer two full hurricane retentions. All of our ratings for our insurance subsidiaries were affirmed in December. So that's why we're optimistic. With rate increases flowing through, no adverse development plus much stronger reserves overall and nearly complete reinsurance program and a stable adequate capital base we're positioned to compete and thrive in tthey currently challenging operating environment. 2020 is off to a good start and we're looking forward to tthey rest of tthey year. At ttheir point I'd like to turn it over to Brad for their remarks. Brad Martz Thank you John and theyllo. Ttheir is Brad Martz, CFO of UPC insurance. I'm pleased to review UPC's financial results I also encourage you to review our press release Form 10-K and investor presentation for more information regarding tthey company's performance. Highlights for tthey quarter ended December 31, 2019 include gross premiums earned of $347 million an increase of $39 million or 1% year-over-year, a loss before income tax of $5.3 million which compared favorably to a pre-tax loss of $19.4 million in tthey fourth quarter last year. A net loss of $8.2 million or $0.19 a share that was also better than $11.1 million net loss or $0.26 a share a year ago. Our core loss of $15.2 million or $0.36 a share compared to unfavorably against a loss of a $0.5 million or a penny a share a year ago and cat losses of $19.2 million or approximately $0.35 a share after tax added over 10 points to tthey combined ratio. Premiums written for tthey quarter increased less than 1% from a year ago primarily due to a $14.4 million decrease in assumed commercial ENS premiums direct written premiums increased $17 million or 6.3% with Florida accounting for approximately 60% of tthey growth year-over-year with all ottheyr regions also showing modest increases from tthey same period a year ago. Stated earned premiums were 45.7% of gross premiums earned in tthey quarter compared to 41.1% last year. Tthey change was due to increased sessions to our quota share reinsurance program which were $42.8 million or 12.3% of gross premiums earned in tthey current quarter compared to just $23.6 million or 7.7% a year ago. Excluding tthey quota share tthey ratio of ceded to gross premiums earned was unchanged from tthey prior year. Ottheyr significant items impacting total revenues during tthey fourth quarter included unrealized gains from equities of $9.2 million compared to an unrealized loss of 14.3 million in tthey same period a year ago and additional income tax expense due to a non-recurring valuation allowance which distorted tthey company's effective tax rate for tthey quarter and tthey year. UPC's fourth quarter net loss in loss adjustment expense was $130.6 million, an increase of 8.4 million or 7% year-over-year. Ttheir produced a gross loss ratio of 37.6% and a net loss ratio of 69.3% which included $19.2 million of catastropthey losses. Catastropthey losses were driven by approximately $15.7 million of net retained losses primarily from tropical storms older and [indiscernible] plus three new [indiscernible] events in tthey quarter with a remainder stemming from increased retention under our aggregate reinsurance program. Underlying loss in LAE was $111.4 million, up $39.5 million or 55% year-over-year. Ttheir resulted in an underlying gross loss ratio of 32.1% which compared unfavorably to 23.3% a year ago. As John mentioned tthey unusually high loss severity from fire and liability claims for tthey primary driver of tthey deterioration but tthey underlying non-cat losses were also impacted by significant reserve strengttheyning during tthey fourth quarter as we sought to mitigate tthey reserve risk on accident years 2019 and prior in future periods. UPC's operating expenses were $82.8 million an increase of $7 million or 9% year-over-year. Tthey increase was driven primarily by policy acquisition costs which rose 10.1 million due to growth in premiums. Tthey remaining 3.2 million decrease was driven by a reclassification of certain general and administrative expenses to loss adjustment expense which also contributed to tthey increase in underlying loss in LAE for tthey quarter. Our gross expense ratio was 23.9%, a decrease of nearly a point from tthey prior year. On tthey balance ttheyyet UPC ended tthey year with total assets of just under $2.5 billion including cash and assets of approximately $1.3 billion an increase of 14% in our liquidity year-over-year. Tthey duration of our fixed maturities remained at 3.4 years with an overall composite rating of 8 plus and our investment portfolio produced a total return of approximately 8% during 2019. Shareholders equity attributable tthey UIC stockholders was approximately $503 million with a book value per share of $11.69 or $11.43 excluding unrealized gains. I'd now like to reintroduce John for some closing remarks. John Forney Thank You Brad. We're certainly not happy with tthey results we produced in 2019 but we are pleased that tthey multiple rate actions we've taken are starting to show up in a material way in our financial results that we were able to show no adverse development in Q4 while strengttheyning our reserves for accident year to 2019 and minimizing reserve risk in 2020, got a reinsurance program for June 1st it's 85% done at ttheir point which lessens tthey probability of material pricing increases impacting our financials and that our capital is in good shape with no need to raise capital and all of our ratings having been affirmed recently. We're ready to have a good year in 2020. I'm sure you're ready for that too. We appreciate your interest in UPC and we'll be happy to take any questions you have at ttheir point.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will not be conducting tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please proceed. Elyse Greenspan Hi, thanks. Good evening. My first question, I was hoping to get a little bit more color on me underlying losses in tthey quarter. I guess two parts first off were tthey higtheyr, I guess fire and liability losses you pointed to was that throughout tthey different states or more combined to Florida or some ottheyr geographic location? And ttheyn my second question related to that would be you mentioned strengttheyning accident year 2019. could you just give us a sense of how much strengttheyning, how much of tthey losses in tthey current quarter were for strengttheyning related to tthey prior three quarters of 2019? John Forney Sure Elyse ttheir is John Forney. I'll start. Tthey fire and liability losses we saw which if you look at that investor presentation were is just a huge outlier compared to tthey prior Q4s were spread throughout tthey book that states ttheyre wasn't any particular pattern to it except that ttheyre were some series of unusually large losses throughout tthey quarter. And second question on tthey amount of strengttheyning I'll let Brad take that. Brad Martz So on tthey non-cat side on page 10 of our presentation you can see tthey total change in net loss LAE reserves year-over-year was approximately $67 million and of $32 million of that was in tthey fourth quarter. Elyse Greenspan Okay. That's great and ttheyn in terms of I guess you guys pointed to right ttheyre was a catch up for tthey ottheyr three quarters and ttheyn obviously it sounds like you expect some of tthey fire and liability losses to normalize going into 2020 based off of tthey rate increases that you have coming into your book. Can you just give us a sense how you expect tthey underlying kind of trend through 2020 versus 2019? Brad Martz I guess we can start by saying we absolutely don't expect tthey same level of loss severity wtheyn it comes to fire. Lost costs for tthey quarter were an anomaly for those two causes of loss. Generally December and January are difficult lost months just so happened that December was unusually high ttheir period compared to tthey same period a year ago. John Forney But I will add we have not seen those extreme trends continue into 2020. Elyse Greenspan Okay. Did you guys, was ttheyre any change to your hurricane Irma gross loss estimate in tthey quarter? John Forney Not since we last communicated with investors about that, no. No yearend change. Elyse Greenspan Okay. Great. And ttheyn just two numbers questions, Brad I think you usually give us tthey surplus as of tthey end of tthey quarter. Do you have that number? Brad Martz I don't have that. Those will be available on or before March 1 wtheyn tthey annual statements are filed. Elyse Greenspan Okay and ttheyn you mentioned that ttheyre was like one off tax catch up I think ttheir is what you said. Can you just give us tthey amount and ttheyn as we think about modeling what should we think about as kind of a tax rate assumption in 2020?  John Forney Tthey tax rate guidance is really unchanged at about 23% that's a blend of tthey federal and state rates. Tthey amount for tthey fourth quarter was driven by a net operating loss and our blue line operation. We've got three different separate accounts that have filed 953D elections to tthey IRS it gets super complicated but dual consolidate loss limitations prohibit us from potentially utilizing some of tthey net operating loss in one of, tthey one sale that has been put in runoff which is tthey contributor to tthey decline and tthey assumed written premiums for tthey quarter and we talked about that quarter share with Lexington being put it placed in a runoff last quarter. Elyse Greenspan Okay. That's theylpful. Thank you. John Forney Thank you Elyse. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Marcos Holanda with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question. Marcos Holanda Hey guys thanks for taking my question. I just had a big macro question, a big picture. Can you guys give us a sense of what you've seen [indiscernible] commercial units market and maybe reminded us of what UPC's exposure is in ttheyre? John Forney Sure. Tthey commercially ENS market is that assume premium that we always delineate in our earnings release and that's with arrangement with several carriers that right ttheyre that portion of that business through AmRisc which is tthey big wind MGA that is owned by BB&T that we've been doing businesses for a long time through American coastal which is ttheyir admitted market company but ttheyy have several ottheyr surplus lines company and we do a quota share with some of ttheym to assume some of tthey pro-rata share of ttheyir book with AmRisc. It's very good business AmRisc has been tthey premier writer of that business since ttheyir inception in tthey year 2000 with combined ratios in tthey 50s and 60s cumulative to date including all cats. So we have supreme confidence in AmRisc's underwriting ability and ttheyir proven track record and we have seen evidence theyre in tthey second half especially of 2019 in that commercial ENS market is hardening and we believe that that business is going to be quite good in 2020. Marcos Holanda Okay. Great and just anottheyr on reassurance and you guys have 85% of it locked down before tthey June one but could you just give us a sense of ttheyre what kind of sort of price volatility you expect theyading into that renewal? John Forney As we said we've got 85% of it done, we have long-term reinsurance partners. Ttheyy're committed to a win-win relationship with us one of tthey biggest buyers of U.S. property cat reinsurance in tthey world. So people take a long-term view wtheyn ttheyy trade with us and we have really win-win relationships and win-win renewals that are fair to us and fair to ttheym and we never have talked about what that means from a percentage increase but we certainly expect that it's going to be very manageable for us given everything that's happened already. Marcos Holanda Got it. Thanks John. Just lastly can you just give us a flavor of what ttheyse fire liability claims look like? What's tthey average cost and just some more color ttheyre. Thanks you for your answers. John Forney Well page five of tthey investor presentation gives you tthey loss severity. So that your average cost at least for tthey quarter as well as tthey previous four quarters. So fire losses obviously can be very low frequency but very high severity and with homes burning a lot quicker today than maybe in years past with new building materials, plastics, ottheyr things I think tthey entire industry has seen lost severity for fire increase. Operator Thank you. We'll move on to our next question but just as a quick reminder, [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question does come from Matt Carletti with JMP. Please proceed. Matt your line is live. You can proceed with your question. Matt as a final reminder your line is live. You may proceed. Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from tthey line of Ron Bobman with Capital Returns Managements. Please proceed with your question. Ron Bobman Hi, good afternoon. I had a question about Florida rate filings and if you have one pending what tthey size of it might be? John Forney We filed one several months ago that was filing used 13.4% for our product writing with in Florida. We have implemented that -- so that was just we did in tthey last couple of months that we have got it programmed into our systems. So we are just starting to see tthey first renewals go out with that $13.7 in ttheyre and we are doing rate indications for tthey states like Florida wtheyre we have a big presence that had some problems theyre recently on a monthly basis. So we are going to stay on top of it. We think ttheir rate increase will theylp quite a bit specially with some of tthey ottheyr repositioning we have done in tthey state of Florida which includes a lot of non-renewals and closing of certain areas that just have been problematic in terms of tthey loss ratio. So we think we are positioned well but we are monitoring it like a hawk to make sure that we are getting tthey rate that we need and what's been a very challenging state. Elyse Greenspan Yes. Thanks a lot. Relatively John tthey 13% that you mentioned does that include a portion attributable to your increased reinsurance cost or is that something separate and apart from ttheir 13? John Forney Yes we did not have justification to file an increase for reinsurance cost. So we couldn't, we didn't do that because it wasn't needed based on how our placement came in last year. Elyse Greenspan Thanks a lot. Got you. Alright, best of luck. John Forney Thank you. Operator Thank you. I would now like to turn tthey floor back over to management for any additional concluding comments. John Forney Once again we appreciate everybody's interest in UPC. We are working hard to make 2020 a year that we can all be proud of and we look forward to talking to you on future calls ttheir year. Thanks again for your interest. Operator Ladies and gentlemen ttheir does concludes today's teleconfernce. We thank you for your participation and you may disconnect your lines at ttheir time.