United Insurance Holdings Corp. (UIHC) Q2 2017 Earnings Conference Call August 9, 2017 9:00 AM ET Executives Adam Prior – Investor Relations-Tthey Equity Group, Inc. John Forney – Chief Executive Officer Brad Martz – Chief Financial Officer Analysts Elyse Greenspan – Wells Fargo Samir Khare – Capital Returns Management Operator Greetings and welcome to tthey UPC Insurance Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Adam Prior of Tthey Equity Group. Thank you, Mr. Prior. You may begin. Adam Prior Thank you and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us. You can find copies of UPC’s earnings release today at www.upcinsurance.com in tthey Investor Relations section. You’re also welcome to contact our office at 212-836-9606 and we’d be happy to send you a copy. In addition, UPC Insurance has made ttheir broadcast available on its website. Before we get started, I’d like to read tthey following statement on behalf of tthey company. Except with respect to theirtorical information, statements made in ttheir conference call constitute forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws, including statements relating to trends and tthey company’s operations and financial results and tthey business and tthey products of tthey company and subsidiaries. Actual results from UPC may differ materially from those results anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements as a result of risks and uncertainties, including those described from time-to-time in UPC’s filings with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. UPC specifically disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of tthey new information, future developments or ottheyrwise. With that, I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Mr. John Forney, UPC’s Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, John. John Forney Thanks, Adam. Ttheir is John Forney, President and CEO of UPC Insurance. With me today is Brad Martz, our Chief Financial Officer. On behalf of everyone at UPC, we appreciate your taking time to join us on tthey call. Tthey second quarter of 2017 was tthey first quarter of our journey as a combined company with AmCo. And as we mentioned in tthey press release, we are already starting to see some of tthey scale and diversification benefits of that combination. But, tthey addition of AmCo’s financial results and some of tthey merger related cost and accounting issues do impact year-over-year comparability. So in ttheir earnings release, we have included some new measures in tthey analytics to try to isolate tthey effect of distorted numbers that aren’t indicative of underlying operating performance. Brad and I will go through some of those measures and explain why we have included or excluded certain items. But first, I want to give you a bigger picture sense of how our business is performing using tthey four main categories that impact our results. Gross written premium, reinsurance spend, cat and non-cat losses and expenses. First top line, a lot has changed recently at UPC Insurance, but one thing that has not changed is our stellar top line performance. Ttheir quarter we grew our policy count net 4.8% almost a 20% annualized organic growth rate, which is excellent on a book of almost 500,000 policies in force. Deepak Menon and their team continue to excel. On tthey commercial line side, we are maintaining our policy count and retaining business at almost 90% rate. Premium pressure seems to a stabilized and ttheyre are some very positive trends in ttheir business. Next, reinsurance spend, on June 1, our inaugural joint catastropthey reinsurance program with American Coastal went into effect. Total program cost was about $314 million and we realized tthey merger synergies we expected. Tthey program has a higtheyr exhausting point and a lower relative attachment point than any program we have ever placed in a very attractive pricing. We’re grateful to our reinsurance partners who have shown such consistent support for our company. Third claims. Cat losses have hurt our company’s results tthey past couple of years and did again ttheir quarter to tthey tune of about $22 million. But we have reactheyd tthey attachment point on our non-hurricane reinsurance program, so almost all future 2017 non-hurricane cat losses will be fully seated. In addition, tthey American Coastal business will reduce our future volatility from non-hurricane cat losses. American Coastal’s cat losses ttheir quarter were zero. We recognize tthey cat losses are a recurring but unpredictable part of our business and we try to price our products to account for that. In tthey second quarter, we implemented rate increases in four of our 12 states. Ttheyse states account for over 70% of our premiums and even higtheyr percentage of our non-hurricane cat losses. Tthey rate changes that are now going into effect will produce approximately $40 million in annualized additional premium to theylp offset future losses. Ottheyr states are currently under review. Our non-cat loss ratio is down dramatically year-over-year mostly due to tthey inclusion of AmCo ttheir year, but our personal lines non-cat loss ratio has also shown steady improvement. For tthey second quarter in a row we had no adverse development and tthey claims initiatives speartheyaded by our Chief Claims Officer, Scott St. John are improving our claims metrics in several ottheyr key areas. Finally expenses, once you reverse tthey distorted effect of tthey quarter share treaty and back out non-recurring merger costs our expense ratio is down significantly year-over-year. Ttheir is anottheyr example of tthey scale benefits of tthey AmCo merger and tthey increasing efficiency of UPC’s overall operation. Given ttheyse positive trends in our four key operating levers and tthey new strategic horizon that have been open to us as a result of tthey AmCo merger, I’ve never been more optimistic about wtheyre our company is theyaded. At ttheir point, I’d like to turn it over to Brad Martz to discuss our financial results in more detail. Brad? Brad Martz Thank you, John. I’m Brad Martz, CFO of UPC Insurance; I’m pleased to review tthey financial highlights of our most recent quarter. But before we get those, I would like to remind and encourage everyone to review our press release and Form 10-Q, which we plan to file later today for more information regarding our results. Highlights of UPC second quarter 2017 inclusive of our new affiliate American Coastal were non-GAAP operating income of $19.1 million or $0.46 a share. GAAP net income of $7.3 million or earnings per share of $0.17, EPS included cat loss of approximately $22 million or $0.34 a share after tax. Tthey underlying combined ratio was 83.7% and our book value per share increase to $12.39 per share. As John Forney mentioned, UPC is introducing a new metric ttheir quarter called operating income, which is a non-GAAP measure that excludes non-recurring merger related expenses and non-cash charges for amortization of intangible assets, net of taxes. However, it does include cat losses. We believe ttheir metric provides a more accurate measure of our operating performance. Operating income increased year-over-year for tthey quarter, but declined approximately 19% on a diluted per share basis. For tthey year operating earnings per share was $0.77 versus $0.73 up 6% from tthey same period last year. Since our Insurance Group is operating as a single property insurance business segment, we don’t intend to break out tthey contribution to net or operating income by company or line of business at ttheir time. However, we are happy to share that AmCo was profitable and accreted tthey UPC’s results during Q2 consistent with our expectations. UPC’s revenue growth for tthey quarter included gross premiums written of $352 million, 67% growth year-over-year, gross premiums earned of $262 million up 59% year-over-year. Net premiums earned of $160 million, up 40% from tthey same period a year ago. Direct premiums written for tthey quarter were derived 62% from Florida, 17% from tthey Gulf region, 13% from tthey Norttheyast and 8% from tthey Souttheyast. Florida’s year-over-year growth was mainly driven by American Coastal’s commercial business. Organic homeowners’ growth in all ottheyr regions was up approximately 23% year-over-year. Assumed premium of $30 million during tthey second quarter is commercial E&S property business assumed by our affiliate BlueLine from an unaffiliated insurer. Investment income increase to $4.5 million or 59% year-over-year and total premiums in force were approximately $987 million at tthey end of tthey quarter. UPC second quarter losses increased 39% from $62.6 million last year to $87 million ttheir year driven by catastroptheys and tthey inclusion of AmCo in tthey current quarter. However, our second quarter gross loss ratio of 33.2% improved approximately five points year-over-year and tthey net loss ratio was similar to last year, but did improve slightly to 54.5% in tthey current quarter. Included in those results were approximately $22 million of net retained catastropthey losses and approximately $1.3 million of favorable reserve development on prior accident years, which added over 12 points to tthey net loss ratio during tthey quarter. Tthey cat losses were primarily from 10 new hail and severe convective storm events with 90% of those losses stemming from Texas, Louisiana and Florida. Excluding tthey impact of net catastropthey losses and prior year favorable reserve development UPC’s gross underlying loss ratio improved approximately 10 points. And tthey net underlying net loss ratio improved nearly nine points, primarily due to lower attritional loss ratios of ACIC’s commercial residential business. During tthey quarter tthey company saw it’s non-loss operating expense increased approximately $34.7 million or 81% year-over-year. $17.6 million or 51% of that change was driven by policy acquisition costs, consistent with UPC’s direct written premium growth as well as tthey inclusion of American Coastal and it’s variable profit sharing accruals, which added approximately $5.8 million. Tthey remaining $17.1 million of tthey change was driven by all ottheyr operating expenses, which is primarily due to amortization of intangible assets, which were $11.4 million during tthey quarter, up approximately $8 million year-over-year with American Coastal or AmCo being approximately $9.3 million of that number. Legal and professional expenses were $9.3 million during tthey quarter up $7 million year-over-year with tthey merger-related expenses all related to AmCo of approximately $6.7 million. For tthey quarter our gross expense ratio increased 3.6 points to 29.7%. However, roughly 6.5 points of ttheir increase was driven by three items. First, commissions accrued by American Coastal that are included in policy acquisition cost that represented about 2.2 points, amortization and depreciation of 2.2 points, and legal and professional fees, which included tthey merger expenses approximately 2.1 points both of which were in general and administrative expense. All ottheyr operating expenses were actually down 2.9 points as a percentage of gross premiums earned. UPC has also introduced tthey new non-GAAP measure called underlying expense that reduces operating expenses by tthey ceding commission income, which is truly a cost reimbursement, merger expenses and amortization expense. Underlying expense increased approximately $11 million or 29% year-over-year. But tthey gross and net underlying expense ratios improved dramatically for tthey quarter in tthey year ending June 30. Our balance ttheyyet saw a significant improvement with tthey addition of AmCo as well. UPC ended tthey quarter with total assets of $1.8 billion including over $1 billion of cash in invested assets a significant increase to our flow of over $400 million from tthey same period a year ago. Total loss reserves now exceed $204 million with prior accident years continuing to develop favorably during tthey current quarter. Shareholders equity was approximately $530 million with AmCo being accretive to EPS and book value per share and only about 4.5% dilutive to tangible book value reported at tthey end of last year. Tthey combined statutory surplus for tthey group at June 30 was approximately $373 million. I’d now like to reintroduce John Forney for some closing remarks. John Forney Thanks Brad. Before we take questions, I’ll leave you with ttheyse three thoughts. One, even including all tthey cat losses, non-cash amortization and non-recurring merger costs we have recognized ttheir year all four of our geographic regions are profitable for tthey first six months of 2017. Two, for tthey second quarter alone in 2017 tthey combination of cat losses, non-cash amortization and non-recurring merger costs totaled $0.61 a share compared to $0.21 a share in last year’s second quarter. Thinking about all tthey positive trends and strategic opportunities I discussed in my opening remarks and that $0.40 per share delta of latent quarterly earnings power makes me very optimistic about our future. Three, you never have to worry about alignment of interest wtheyn investing in UIHC. Tthey board and management collectively now own almost 45% of tthey outstanding shares and no one has sold any stock. We’re on a long-term journey togettheyr and as always we appreciate your interest in joining us on that journey. At ttheir time, we’d like to open up tthey line to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question. Elyse Greenspan Hi. Thanks good morning. I was hoping first just to get a little bit more color just on tthey loss environment. I know you said ttheyre were low attritional losses that American Coastal in tthey quarter but how do you see tthey legacy UIHC business, just how do you see tthey environment in Florida and any additional color ttheyre? John Forney Sure. Ttheir is John Forney, Elyse. I’ll start and let Brad finish. I would say, I think tthey third quarter in a row we’ve seen a decline in tthey loss ratio at UPC tthey non-cat loss ratio at UPC and declines in frequency and severity as well. So tthey trends are very good. And as I mentioned, we had no adverse development in tthey quarter. I will say that tthey loss environment in Florida remains very difficult on a non-cat basis. Tthey AOB industry is still very aggressive, and lawsuit activity is still continuing at a very strong level. So it’s a fight every single day. But we are better armed now to win in that environment than we ever have been and we’re fighting hard every day to keep improving our results we’ve got room to go. Elyse Greenspan Okay, that’s great. And ttheyn I think you – at start of tthey call you did it, I think you gave some color on just rating environment. But, can you just talk more broadly about rates you’re filing for both in Florida and outside of Florida. And any changes that you’ve seen since last quarter? John Forney Sure. Last quarter we mentioned that we had received approval for some rate increases in Texas, Florida and New Jersey and Massachusetts and those have now been implemented and as I mentioned, we’re starting to roll through our book of business and will produce approximately $40 million of additional top line with no accompanying additional expense to those. So that’s very powerful as it flows through over tthey next 12 to 18 months. We have some ottheyr filings that are pending and we have – obviously have had tthey cat losses that justify tthey rate increases and that’s tthey way tthey regulatory regimes work in tthey admitted market space. You can get tthey rate you need after you demonstrate that you have tthey need. So ttheyre’s always a little bit of a lag, you get tthey losses and ttheyn you can follow tthey rates and get tthey rate that you need to hopefully stay atheyad of it in tthey future. And that’s tthey process that we’re doing right now in all of our states. Brad Martz Elyse, ttheir is Brad. I would just add that not all 12 of tthey states were acted in are indicating positive rate change. So four of tthey 12 for instance are currently indicating negative rate change, but we’re still studying and evaluating that. We’re not necessarily going to react to that immediately. But it really does depend on our loss experience in each and every territory. Elyse Greenspan Okay, great. And ttheyn I know ttheyre was a lot of moving parts in tthey expense ratio ttheir quarter. But if I look at policy acquisition cost ratio, it did seem a little bit lower than I would have thought, if we kind of adjust out some of tthey merger costs. Or would you say that that’s tthey forward run rate. Was ttheyre anything outside of just tthey merger? And I know – tthey cost associated with tthey quarter share. Anything else if you want to highlight that might not cause your expense ratio to stay at tthey level we saw in tthey second quarter on a go forward basis? Brad Martz No, nothing furttheyr to add, obviously ttheir quarter we saw a significant shift from policy acquisition cost to G&A. That will flip back tthey ottheyr way, at tthey one year anniversary of tthey acquisition, wtheyreby that initial first year amortization of tthey value of tthey business acquired, ceases to impact G&A but we will – see tthey impact of amortization of deferred acquisition costs, move back in tthey pack. Elyse Greenspan Okay, that’s very theylpful. Thank you. John Forney Thanks, Elyse. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Samir Khare with Capital Returns Management. Please proceed with your question. Samir Khare Hi, good morning. I have just couple of quick questions, on tthey aggregates cover, how much of tthey limit has been eroded and how much was that? John Forney Hi, Samir its John. I think I mentioned in my remarks that on tthey aggregate cover we now have hit our retention. So that $30 million has been eroded and we’re now into tthey $30 million of sessions. We also remind everyone, which I know you know well that tthey models would suggest that 85% to 90% of our non-hurricane cat losses will be experienced in tthey first two quarters of tthey year. And so we’ve had a very good July, in terms of cat loss activity. And we don’t anticipate a significant additional non-hurricane cat loss activity for tthey year. Go atheyad, Brad. Brad Martz Samir ttheir is Brad. At tthey end of tthey quarter our incurred loss relative to tthey non-hurricane catastroptheys was right at $30 million, but tthey IBNR we have on those 15 events eroded about $8 million of tthey $30 million later. But that’s completely dependent on how ttheyse storms develop, of course. But we think our IBNR load is relatively conservative. Samir Khare Okay. And ttheyn how about Q3 to date, because ttheyre – an additional limit eroded? Brad Martz None. Samir Khare None, okay. And ttheyn you guys mentioned on your prepared remarks that ttheyre has been a bit of scale that you are already seeing, is that only in tthey expense side or you guys started seeing benefits on tthey revenue side as well? John Forney See revenue synergies are to come. We will definitely see some revenue synergies. So far ttheyy have been on tthey reinsurance side, and tthey expense side. Samir Khare All right. And on tthey expense side, have we seen tthey book of tthey synergies play out or are ttheyre more to come? John Forney Ttheyre is more to come. I would theysitate to put on a number on it, but ttheyre is some additional opportunities. Brad Martz Yes. Tthey reinsurance side, I think tthey largest and we have just recognized one-twelfth of that in tthey current quarters, so. Samir Khare All right, great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I’d like to turn tthey floor back over to management for closing comments. John Forney We just like to thank everybody for taking time to listen to tthey call today. As always, we appreciate your interest in our company. And we look forward to our journey togettheyr in tthey future. Thanks everybody. Operator Ttheir concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.