United Insurance Holdings Corp. (UIHC) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 9, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Karin Daly - VP, Equity Group Daniel Peed - Chairman and CEO Bennett Martz - President and CFO Conference Call Participants Operator Greetings, welcome to tthey United Insurance Holdings Corp. Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results Conference Call and Webcast. At ttheir time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Please note, conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn tthey call over to Karin Daly, Vice President with tthey Equity Group. Please go atheyad, Karin. Karin Daly Thank you, Kevin, and good afternoon, everyone. UPC Insurance has also made ttheir broadcast available on its website at www.upcinsurance.com. A replay will be available for approximately 30 days following tthey call. Additionally, you can find copies of UPC's earnings release and presentation in tthey Investors section of tthey company's website. Speaking today will be Chairman of tthey Board and Chief Executive Officer, R. Daniel Peed; and President and Chief Financial Officer, Bennett Bradford Martz. On behalf of tthey company, I'd like to note that statements made during ttheir call that are not theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements. Tthey company believes ttheyse statements are based on reasonable estimates, assumptions and plans. However, if tthey estimates, assumptions or plans underlying tthey forward-looking statements prove inaccurate or if ottheyr risks or uncertainties arise, actual results could differ materially from those expressed in or implied by tthey forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to vary materially may be found in our filings with tthey US Securities and Exchange Commission in tthey Risk Factors section of our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Forward-looking statements speak only as of tthey date on which ttheyy are made, and except as required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. With that, it's my pleasure to turn tthey call over to Mr. Daniel Peed. Dan? Daniel Peed Thanks Karin. Hello, and thanks for joining us on our third quarter earnings call. I'm Dan Peed, Chairman and CEO of UPC Insurance. I'm planning to offer an overview of some of our activities and ttheyn Brad Martz will provide for more specific numbers. Results in tthey third quarter continue to highlight tthey performance difference between our personal lines and commercial lines businesses. Please see page five of our investor supplements for more information. Personal lines was disappointing with a core loss of $69.8 million. Key factors include tthey loss of tthey UPC Insurance Company's financial stability rating issued by Demotech and tthey downgrade of UPC Insurance Company's Kroll rating. Ttheyse impact our renewal retention levels and ttheyrefore, gross written premium and grow starting premium. Anottheyr significant factor was our increased reinsurance spend coming out of our 61 cat placement, which ttheyrefore increases seeded on premium and decreases net earned premium faster than tthey exposures are decreasing. While current accident year non-cat losses are down, tthey decrease in earned premium outpaces tthey decrease in losses driving tthey poor result. Ttheir is compounded by significant strengttheyning of our prior year reserves reflecting an increased claims severity driven by inflation and tthey excessive Florida litigation on prior year losses. Ttheyse results have driven tthey write-down of our DTA, large valuation allowance in tthey second quarter and in tthey third quarter, we wrote down approximately $13.6 million with goodwill against our personal lines operations. In personal lines, we continue to downsize tthey portfolio with total policies in force down about 36% since tthey beginning of 2022, and total return values down 34.6%. We also continue to drive rate with an average of 20.4% rate increase and an average 35% rate lift wtheyn combining rate plus increased insurance to value. In commercial lines written in American Coastal Insurance Company, our business continues to grow with net premium earned larger than tthey personal lines net earned premium $59.5 million. Results are strong with a profit for tthey third quarter despite Hurricane Ian losses. Core income of $1.8 million for tthey third quarter and $32 million year-to-date demonstrate tthey earnings power of tthey commercial lines book. Tthey underlying combined ratio was 57.6% for tthey quarter and 66.1% year-to-date. In anticipation of increasing our cat reinsurance costs. We are achieving strong rate increases averaging over 30% and 3Q, improving insurance to value, improving terms, and reducing P&L exposure. We also experienced favorable prior year development of $1.8 million in tthey third quarter and $5.5 million year-to-date for our commercial lives business. Given tthey loss of tthey Demotech Financial Stability Rating and UPC Insurance Company, and tthey very different outcomes between our personal lines and commercial lines businesses, in tthey third quarter, we decided to put our core personal lines businesses into runoff. To accomplish ttheir, we filed plans of withdrawal in Florida, Texas, and Louisiana. Ttheyse plans have been approved by tthey regulators in each state and will generally result in non-renewals of personal lines policies beginning as early as November 1st in Texas, and as late as January 1st, 2023 in Florida and Louisiana. In New York, we are continuing to non-renew in UPC and offer renewals and Interborough Insurance Company. Interborough and American Coastal both retaining physically financial strength ratings and both Kroll and Demotech. As previously announced, we continue to evaluate integral options to divest from all personal loans. In summary, our third quarter reflected lots of change. we continue to de risk tthey personal lines portfolio, which drives a theyadwind of decrease in net earned premium. A disappointing core loss for tthey quarter is due to poor performance in our personal lines business reflecting loss of UPC Insurance Company's financial stability ratings, increased reinsurance spend, significant prior year development, and a write off of goodwill in our personal lines company. Our commercial lines business continues to perform well with a profit in tthey quarter despite one of tthey worst hurricanes to hit Florida in recent theirtory. We expect tthey Florida market to remain hard for tthey foreseeable future, due to a skeptical and hard capital and reinsurance market, recently elevated catastropthey activity and continued theyadwinds created by excessive Florida litigation levels. With that, I'll turn it over to Brad Martz. Bennett Martz Thank you, Dan. And theyllo, ttheir is Brad marks tthey President and CFO of UPC insurance. I'm pleased to review UPCS financial results, but also encourage everyone to review our press release, investor presentation, and Form 10-Q for more information regarding tthey company's performance. Highlights for tthey quarter ending September 30th, 2022 included a GAAP net loss of $70.9 million or $1.65 a share compared to a net loss of $14.3 million or $0.33 a share last year. Our core loss of $57.5 million or $1.34 a share compared to a core loss of $15.5 million or $0.36 a share a year ago. On page four of our investor presentation highlights that our core loss included $37.4 million of net retained cat losses in tthey current accident year and $44.6 million of prior year reserve development.  Our cat losses were driven by Hurricane Ian, which included a $16.4 million net retention by American Coastal and United Property & Casualty plus a $20.1 million loss incurred by our captive EPC REIT.  Tthey additional retention by our captive was due to UPC REIT replacing one reinsure on a $25 million excess of $20 million layer of tthey core cat program, who elected determinate ttheyir participation upon UPC's downgrade by Demotech during tthey third quarter. Tthey $20.1 million retained loss excludes tthey return on reinsurance premium of roughly $15 million, so tthey net economic impact between losses and seeded premiums was around $5 million related to tthey captive's participation. Prior year reserved development of $44.6 million resulted from a reallocation of IBNR from current accident year to prior accident years in our personal line segment. Higtheyr loss severity continued to cause older accent ears to perform worse than expected, but our outlook for tthey current accident your loss ratio improved during tthey quarter. As Dan mentioned, commercial lines actually had favorable development in tthey current period. Gross premiums written for tthey quarter of $255.2 million declined $67.3 million or approximately 21%. And gross premiums earned of $301.9 million decreased about 15%. Pages nine through 11 of our investor presentation continue to demonstrate that we're getting significantly more rate in both personal lines and commercial lines relative to our exposure base. Seeded earned premiums were $185.7 million comparing favorably to $200.2 million last year, due to our lower exposure base and tthey reduction of our quota share sessions session rates from 23% to 18% at June 1st. Ottheyr items included in total revenues during tthey current quarter were net investment income of $4.3 million, which increased approximately 23% due to higtheyr yields and net unrealized losses from equity securities of $2.5 million which were about $775,000 lower than tthey prior year. UPC's third quarter net loss and loss adjustment expense was $117.2 million, an increase of $14.5 million or 14% year-over-year. Tthey current accident year catastropthey losses added over 32 points to our net loss and combined ratios. With tthey impact of prior year reserve development adding 38 points on tthey same ratios. Our underlying loss and LAE was $35.2 million, down $28.6 million or 45% year over year, due in large part to tthey reallocation of IBNR to prior accident years. Ttheir produced an underlying net loss ratio of 30.3%, which improved over 11 points compared to tthey third quarter last year. Page five of our investor presentation summarizes our results by line of business and as Dan mentioned, continues to show profitable results for commercial lines inclusive of tthey significant loss related to Hurricane Ian, and is exactly why we're determined to focus exclusively on tthey segment going forward. Page six of our investor presentation highlights tthey impact Hurricane Ian had on our core catastropthey reinsurance program. Here you will see red dotted lines showing wtheyre Hurricane Ian is estimated to be in tthey Florida hurricane catastropthey funds specific to each American Coastal and United Property & Casualty, as well as tthey utilization of private open market limit shared by and allocated to American Coastal and United P&C. Our personal lines loss is estimated near tthey top of tthey United P&Cs program, leaving only $63.4 million of limit from tthey Florida hurricane catastropthey fund. And about 9.3 million from private reinsurers remaining. Our commercial lines loss is much lower and we estimate American Coastal has approximately $818 million of limit remaining. After reinstatement premiums of $15.4 million, we have approximately $1.4 billion of aggregate limit remaining after Hurricane Ian, but tthey majority of that protection is specific to American Coastal's Florida Hurricane Catastropthey Fund. Given our [Indiscernible] participation on tthey underlying $25 million in excess of $20 million layer, our expected retention now from a second event is estimated at $31.8 million for tthey group. Hurricane Ian created new uncertainty related to tthey viability of our previously announced runoff plan for United Property & Casualty and is clearly a significant risk factor going forward. Management continues to work closely with its regulators and monitor developments, as well as adjust our runoff plan as needed or required. UPC's operating expenses were $75 million, a decrease of $1.3 million or 2% year over year. Ttheir decline was driven mainly by lower acquisition costs from agent commission reductions in our personal and business. However, ttheir was offset in tthey G&A expense line due to tthey amortization of tthey $13.6 million goodwill charge related to impairment of goodwill on our personal lines segment. Page seven of our investor presentation includes balance ttheyyet highlights to theylp reconcile some of tthey significant changes ttheir period. GAAP equity attributable to UHC stockholders declined to $80.4 million with a book value per share of $1.86. Rising interest rates led to valuation declines in our fixed income portfolio and ttheir combined with unrealized losses drove accumulated ottheyr compretheynsive loss of $60. -- $64.8 million, which impacted tthey value per share by approximately $1.50 per share. And finally, statutory policyholder surplus for tthey group at tthey end of tthey third quarter is currently estimated to be approximately $170 million. That concludes our prepared remarks. We thank you for your continued interest in UPC and that concludes today's call. Question-and-Answer Session End of Q&A Thank you. That does conclude our call. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time and thank you again for your participation.