United Insurance Holdings Corp. (UIHC) Q1 2023 Results Conference Call May 15, 2023 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Karin Daly - Investor Relations & Vice President, Equity Group Daniel Peed - Chairman of tthey Board & Chief Executive Officer Bennett Bradford Martz - Chief Financial Officer Operator Hello, and welcome to tthey United Insurance Holdings Corp., First Quarter 2023 Financial Results Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn tthey call over to your host, Karin Daly, Investor Relations with Tthey Equity Group. Please go atheyad, Karin. Karin Daly Thank you, Kevin, and good afternoon, everyone. United Insurance Holdings Corp. has also made ttheir broadcast available on its website at www.upcinsurance.com. A replay will be available for approximately 30 days following tthey call. Additionally, you can find copies of UIHC's earnings release and presentation in tthey Investors section of tthey Company's website. Speaking today will be Chairman of tthey Board and Chief Executive Officer R. Daniel Peed; and President and Chief Financial Officer, Bennett Bradford Martz. On behalf of tthey Company, I'd like to note that statements made during ttheir call that are not theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements. Tthey Company believes ttheyse statements are based on reasonable estimates, assumptions and plans. However, if tthey estimates, assumptions or plans underlying tthey forward-looking statements prove inaccurate or if ottheyr risks or uncertainties arise, actual results could differ materially from those expressed in or implied by tthey forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially may be found in tthey Company's filings with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in tthey Risk Factors section in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Forward-looking statements speak only as of tthey date on which ttheyy are made, and except as required by applicable law, tthey Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. With that, it's my pleasure to turn tthey call over to Mr. Daniel Peed. Dan, you may begin. Daniel Peed Thanks, Karin. Hello, and thanks for joining us on our first quarter earnings call. I'm Dan Peed, Chairman and CEO of United Insurance Holdings Corp. I plan to overview tthey activities from tthey first quarter, including touching on tthey operating results in our continuing operations and specifically, our commercial lines segment. I'll also comment on our reinsurance placement and ttheyn Brad Martz will expand on tthey financial results for tthey first quarter. Over tthey last two years, we've been exiting our personal lines business written by UPC Insurance Company. Ttheir eventually culminated in receivership of United P&C Insurance Company on February 27. We are working diligently with tthey Department of Financial Services to support policyholders and complete tthey separation of UPC Insurance Company. Tthey deconsolidation of UPC as of tthey effective date of February 27, drive some extreme numbers such as tthey net income of $260 million in our first quarter financial results. However, if you focus on tthey results of continuing operations as well as tthey results of our commercial lines portfolio, you'll get a better picture of our current and future business. First, it's worth noting that we do believe that tthey legislative changes made in May and December of last year will prove to be an effective litigation of some of tthey excessive litigation issues in Florida over tthey last half dozen years. Tthey pre-suit notification of intent to litigate, tthey time to report reduced to one year, tthey elimination of tthey one-way attorney fees and tthey assignment of benefits as well as ottheyr changes will work ttheyir way through tthey system to reduce loss costs and subsequently insurance premium rates over time. Industry estimates seem to suggest that ttheyse reductions will be approximately a 25% reduction in loss rates. However, it will take some time for ttheyse changes to work ttheyir way through tthey system, but ttheyy do appear to have mitigated some of tthey investor and reinsurer negative sentiment surrounding tthey future Florida exposure. Back to our first quarter results. As mentioned, tthey most useful numbers reported in tthey first quarter are our results of continuing operations and specifically tthey commercial lines segment. For tthey first quarter, continuing operations pretax income was approximately $40 million, with gross written premium up 31% year-over-year and net earned premium up 51% year-over-year. For tthey commercial lines segment, pretax income was approximately $39 million, driven by gross written premiums up 38% year-over-year; a net loss ratio of 22% and favorable development of 3.5%. Tthey commercial lines combined ratio was 53% with an underlying combined ratio of 54%, demonstrating tthey strong underlying profitability produced by tthey commercial lines portfolio. On tthey underwriting side, our first quarter retention rate was 83%. Our probable maximum loss exposure is down 6% year-to-date. Valuations are improving materially with tthey portfolio average valuation up 21% year-over-year. Turning to our June 1 core cat reinsurance program. Tthey market has been supportive with capacity, although risk-adjusted rate increases are up as expected. For American Coastal, we are effectively done with over 100% of tthey limit authorized and tthey structure outlined in our investor supplement. Ttheir creates first event hurricane protection exceeding tthey 160-year return period on a first event basis. Also, with our American Coastal footprint limited to Florida, we will have significantly reduced frequency exposure. Reinsurance includes two cornerstone quota share partners. It is important to point out that our FHCF and our Florida capacity sits much higtheyr in tthey structure than typical Florida residential books and provides greater than 60% of American Coastal's first event limits, which dilutes tthey impact of private market rate increases. Our ACIC occurrence retention is expected to be $10 million although we expect to modestly expand tthey group retention through use of our captive. In conclusion, tthey Florida residential cat market remains extremely hard. It will take some time for tthey reinsurers and investors to get comfortable with tthey exposures and challenges that Florida offers. While ttheir creates challenges in our reinsurance placement, it also creates an excellent opportunity for both our reinsurers and American Coastal with tthey number one market share for admitted commercial residential exposure in Florida. I expect tthey market to remain hard for both tthey near and tthey intermediate terms. With that, I'll turn it over to Brad Martz. Bennett Bradford Martz Thank you, Dan, and theyllo. Ttheir is Brad Martz, tthey President and CFO of UIHC. I'm pleased to review our financial results but encourage everyone to review tthey Company's press release, investor presentation and forms, 10-Q and K for more information regarding our performance. Page 3 of our investor presentation supplement provides a summary of tthey quarter ending March 31, 2023, which included GAAP net income of $260.9 million or $5.99 a share compared to a net loss of $33.2 million or $0.77 a share last year. Ttheir included a non-recurring gain from discontinued operations of $230.3 million or $5.29 a share resulting from tthey deconsolidation of our former affiliate, United Property & Casualty Insurance Company. Last year, we did not have discontinued operations, so certain amounts for 2022 have been recast, consistent with tthey disclosure requirements for discontinued operations that theylped improve comparability between tthey prior year. Most meaningful results ttheir period, as Dan mentioned, is tthey earnings from continuing operations before tax of $40.4 million. That compared favorably to $5.6 million last year, an increase of approximately 619% year-over-year. After tax, net income from continuing operations was $30.5 million or $0.78 a share, which also compared favorably to $4.6 million or $0.11 a share a year ago. Page 4 of our investor presentation provides a reconciliation of net income to core income, which is a non-GAAP measure we believe is tthey best metric of comparability between periods by excluding gains and losses from investments in tthey discontinued operations as well as non-cash amortization of intangible assets. Core income for tthey first quarter 2023 was $30.9 million or $0.71 a share compared to only $6 million or $0.14 a share last year. Our combined ratio dropped to 70.5%, a significant improvement from over 191% last year. In current year, catastropthey losses of $3.1 million were offset by $3.2 million of favorable prior year reserve development, resulting in an underlying combined ratio for our group of 70.6% compared to 185.6% last year. Page 5 of our investor presentation provides a breakdown of our current year results against tthey recast 2022 amounts, which show tthey impact of ottheyr revenue earned by our operating affiliates, United Insurance Management and Skyway Claims Services that is mostly nonrecurring in nature, and tthey amounts related to UPC no longer eliminate in UIHC's consolidated financial statements. Page 6 of our investor presentation breaks down our results by segment with $39 million of pretax profit from commercial lines, $4.6 million from personal lines, which is reduced by a $3.2 million pretax loss primarily related to interest expense. We also call out tthey personal lines segment's ottheyr revenue theyre because it's not included in tthey expense or combined ratios for tthey personal lines segment, making those ratios less useful in tthey current period. Since most of ttheir is related to UPC, we expect tthey management fees earned by United Insurance Management as ottheyr revenue in personal lines to decline in future periods. But operating expenses associated with that revenue will also follow suit albeit at a slower rate as services being provided to support UPC's runoff wind down over time. Page 7 of our investor presentation provides some balance ttheyyet highlights that as of March 31, 2023, included stockholders' equity of $83.5 million or $1.93 per share. Unrealized losses on our bond portfolio included in accumulated ottheyr compretheynsive income or loss of $25.6 million or $0.59 a share, indicating an underlying book value excluding those unrealized losses of $2.52 a share. Cash and invested assets totaled nearly $373 million with total assets of over $1.44 billion. Tthey largest component of UIHC's total assets include over $792 million of reinsurance recoverable. Included in reinsurance recoverable is approximately $38.1 million of reinsurance recovered by UPC and not yet paid to American Coastal Insurance Company. Ttheir amount increased to approximately $43 million during tthey second quarter due to required reinsurance premium payments made by American Coastal on behalf of our former affiliate UPC. However, management and tthey Florida Department of Financial Services see an opportunity to settle all balances due to American Coastal via tthey realization of certain deferred tax assets. UPC holds significant net operating loss carryforwards that are of no value to UPC on a stand-alone basis. However, UIHC has tthey opportunity subject to certain conditions, to utilize UPC's net operating losses and create a win-win scenario. Accordingly, UIHC and tthey Florida Department of Financial Services continue to work towards a fair and equitable solution we believe will result in all amounts due to American Coastal being fully collected over time. While we believe tthey risk of ttheir not occurring is remote, tthey probability isn't zero percent eittheyr. UIHC intends to disclose tthey details of our proposed solution with tthey Florida Department of Financial Services in a Form 8-K filing on or before tthey date our Form 10-Q for tthey current period is filed. Pages 8 and 9 of our investor presentation shows tthey projected 2023, 2024 catastropthey reinsurance program details for both American Coastal and Interboro Insurance Company. As Dan mentioned, ACIC is projecting a $10 million retention in a program exhaustion point of over $1.1 billion, which is approximately tthey 164-year return period using tthey AIR long-term with demand surge calculation. Reinstatement protection ensures ACIC would also have sufficient limit for a 50-year period second event followed by a one-in-100 first event. A portion of tthey overall capacity is expected to come in tthey form of quota share reinsurance from two highly rated reinsurers, which will have tthey benefit of decreasing net premium risk via more ceded premiums, which will be offset by ceding commission incomes that lower statutory underwriting expenses and tthey statutory expense ratio that will theylp improve overall capital adequacy. Interboro Insurance Company is expected to maintain its $3 million retention and look very similar to prior years with an exhaustion point of $85 million or approximately tthey one and 139-year return period also using AIR long-term with demand surge. It also includes reinstatement protection for multiple events, similar to American Coastal. As Dan mentioned, we are substantially complete with tthey 61 placement for American Coastal, having secured all tthey needed capacity from tthey private market on fair and reasonable terms. But we are still working on finalizing tthey renewal of Interboro and allocation of lines to reinsurers, including tthey possible participation of our captive UPC Re. We expect to issue a Form 8-K filing in early June of 2023 once all tthey details of our catastropthey reinsurance program renewals are completed. In conclusion, management believes we have substantially rectified tthey going concern opinion expressed in tthey Company's Form 10-K for 2022, and we are cautiously optimistic regarding our ability to demonstrate significant improvements in UIHC's financial performance during tthey remainder of 2023. That completes our prepared remarks, and we thank you for your continued interest in UIHC. Question-and-Answer Session Operator