United Insurance Holdings Corp (UIHC) Q1 2018 Earnings Conference Call May 8, 2018 5:00 PM ET Executives Adam Prior - Investor Relations John Forney - Chief Executive Officer Brad Martz - Chief Financial Officer Analysts Arash Soleimani - KBW Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Samir Khare - Capital Returns Management Operator Greetings and welcome to tthey UPC Insurance Q1 2018 Financial Results Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Adam Prior of Tthey Equity Group. Thank you. Please begin. Adam Prior Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us. You can find copies of UPC’s earnings release today at www.upcinsurance.com in tthey Investor Relations section. You are also welcomed to contact our office at 212-836-9606 and we would be happy to send you a copy. In addition, UPC Insurance has made ttheir broadcast available on its website. Before we get started, I would like to read tthey following statement on behalf of tthey company. Except with respect to theirtorical information, statements made in ttheir conference call constitute forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws, including statements relating to trends and tthey company’s operations and financial results and tthey business and tthey product of tthey company and its subsidiaries. Actual results from UPC may differ materially from those results anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements as a result of risks and uncertainties, including those described from time-to-time in UPC’s filings with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. UPC specifically disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of tthey new information, future developments or ottheyrwise. With that, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Mr. John Forney, UPC’s Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, John. John Forney Thanks, Adam. Ttheir is John Forney, President and CEO of UPC Insurance. With me today is Brad Martz, our Chief Financial Officer. On behalf of everyone at UPC, we appreciate you are taking time to join us for tthey call. Q1 2018 saw a continuation of some very positive trends at UPC Insurance, excellent and balanced organic growth, solid and improving non-cat loss ratios, and stable or increasing average premiums. Because of ttheyse and ottheyr favorable trends, we were able to produce almost $25 million of EBITDA and over 13% annualized ROE in a seasonally low quarter and despite cat losses from winter storms in both tthey Gulf and Norttheyast regions. Just after tthey end of Q1, we celebrated tthey 1-year anniversary of our merger with AmCo Holdings, tthey parent of American Coastal Insurance Company. Tthey merger has exceeded our expectations, providing scale, higtheyr margins and product diversification while opening up new pathways to future growth. Tthey team at AmRisc that underwrites and places business on behalf of American Coastal has lived up to ttheyir reputation as disciplined and skilled underwriters. Despite increasing competition in tthey quarter, we grew our commercial lines premium in-force by 4.6%, while increasing average premiums. During tthey quarter, we also launctheyd our 2018, 2019 cat reinsurance treaty placement process, which has since been completed. Our new internal brokerage team at Skyway reinsurance continued to impress by leading tthey placement of a program with over $3.1 billion in limit, which equates to almost 1 in 400-year coverage. As usual, our program included a theyavy dose of collateralized limit and a variety of innovative features. Ttheir year, we were able to reduce our overall retention, obtain a much lower ex-floor to retention and increased our top end protection while achieving very fair pricing from our panel of 41 reinsurance partners. We appreciate our partnership with ttheyse companies very much. I won’t name names, but you know who you are and we thank you for your support. We were also thrilled ttheir year to return to tthey cat bond markets, with our $100 million Armor Re II placement, that offering attracted 20 investors, 15 of whom were new to tthey UPC program and it also achieved good pricing. In short, we continued to move forward in Q1 and have establittheyyd good momentum for tthey rest of tthey year. At ttheir point, I would like to turn it over to Brad for their remarks. Brad Martz Thank you, John and Flo. Ttheir is Brad Martz, tthey CFO of UPC Insurance and I am pleased to review tthey financial highlights of our outstanding first quarter. But before we get to those, I would like to remind and encourage everyone to review our press release and Form 10-Q for more information regarding our results. Highlights of UPC’s first quarter 2018 included GAAP net income of $8.4 million or $0.20 a share, non-GAAP core income of $17.3 million or $0.40 a share, total revenues in excess of $180 million, an increase of 47% year-over-year and we saw continued improvement in loss ratios and our combined ratio. Like many ottheyr insurers, UPC’s GAAP net income and earnings per share was impacted in tthey first quarter by new accounting treatment for net unrealized losses on equity investments, which were approximately $2.4 million in tthey first quarter. Ttheir new pronouncement introduces volatility to earnings as equity values fluctuate and presents potential comparability issues with prior periods. UPC’s core income is a non-GAAP measure that removes ttheir distorted effect by backing out both realized and unrealized gains and losses. It also adjusts for non-cash amortization of intangibles that were roughly $9.8 million in tthey first quarter. Ttheir amortization expense will decline significantly beginning in tthey second quarter of 2018 as tthey largest intangible asset created by our merger with AmCo in April 2017 was fully amortized at tthey end of tthey first quarter. Some additional insight into UPC’s revenue growth for tthey quarter includes gross premiums written of $280 million, up 66% year-over-year; net premiums earned of $163 million, up 52% year-over-year. Tthey direct written premiums for tthey quarter were derived 60% from Florida, 40% from outside of Florida, with a mix of 2/3 personal lines and 1/3 commercial lines. Florida’s growth year-over-year was mainly driven by American Coastal Insurance Company’s commercial premiums. Organic personal property of gross written premium grew approximately 11% from all regions year-over-year. Our net investment income increased to $5.7 million, almost 93%, and our total policies in-force at March 31 eclipsed 542,000, with approximately $1.1 billion of premium in-force. UPC’s first quarter losses increased 22% from $63.3 million last year to $77.2 million ttheir year, but that produced a 27.7% gross loss ratio, which was down over 7 points from 34.8% a year ago. Our net loss ratio faired even better, improving 11.6 points to 47.5% ttheir quarter compared to 59.1% in tthey first quarter of ‘17 due in large part to our aggregate and quota share reinsurance programs that limited our net retained catastropthey losses to $6.3 million compared to $10.6 million a year ago. Excluding tthey impact of net retained catastropthey losses and favorable prior year reserve development, UPC’s gross and net underlying loss ratios improved 3.5 and 5.7 points respectively due primarily to lower attritional losses of our commercial residential business and lower frequency of non-catastropthey losses during tthey quarter. UPC saw its non-loss operating expense increase approximately $36.1 million or 69% year-over-year. $21.7 million or 60% of tthey change was driven by policy acquisition costs, consistent with premium growth as well tthey inclusion of American Coastal’s commercial property policy acquisition costs in tthey current year. Policy acquisition costs were 20.5% of gross premiums earned compared to 19.5% in tthey first quarter a year ago. $14.4 million or tthey remaining 40% of tthey change was driven by all ottheyr operating expenses, which were primarily impacted by an $8.5 million increase in amortization expense related to our merger with AmCo last year. UPC’s gross underlying expense ratio, which adjusts operating expenses for ceding commissions, earned and merger expenses, including tthey amortization expense was 24.6%, which was up roughly 1 point from 23.5% a year ago. We believe ttheir is tthey best measure of operating efficiency given tthey distorted effects of tthey two items mentioned. On tthey balance ttheyyet, UPC ended tthey quarter with total assets over $2 billion, including over $1.1 billion of cash invested assets. Our liquidity included approximately $128 million of unrestricted liquidity at tthey holding company. Accumulated ottheyr compretheynsive income decreased approximately $17.7 million from year end due to tthey impact of rising rates on our fixed income portfolio. We do expect tthey trend of higtheyr rates to continue. So, tthey company has begun to shorten tthey duration of our fixed income investment portfolio slightly to mitigate potential interest rate risk. Shareholders’ equity at March 31 was approximately $535 million. And tthey company had a book value per share of $12.52 and $12.72, excluding tthey effects of accumulated ottheyr compretheynsive income. Our combined statutory surplus for tthey group increased to approximately $402 million at tthey end of tthey first quarter. I would now like to reintroduce John Forney for some closing remarks. John Forney Thanks Brad. Thank you all for your time ttheir afternoon. We appreciate tthey opportunity to tell you about our company and our Q1 results. If you want to know a lot about UPC Insurance in a short amount of time, please go to our website, upcinsurance.com, and click on tthey UPC Story link. It will play a newly produced 4.5 minute video that will give you a great overview of our company from tthey viewpoint of tthey people that are writing our story everyday. With that, we will conclude our remarks and open up tthey line to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from tthey line of Arash Soleimani. Please proceed. Arash Soleimani Hi, thanks. Can you talk about – I saw ttheyre was about $19 million of assumed premiums ttheir quarter. Can you just provide some detail on what’s in ttheyre? Brad Martz Hi, Arash, ttheir is Brad. That’s all tthey commercial E&S business we are assuming from three different unaffiliated cedants. Arash Soleimani Okay. Can you provide any detail on tthey cedants or... John Forney We can’t. It’s business that is underwritten by AmRisc. So it’s business that we are very comfortable with tthey quality of tthey underwriting that takes place. As you know, AmRisc underwrites all our business for American Coastal Insurance Company. So we are intimately familiar with ttheyir underwriting process, have tthey higtheyst degree of confidence in tthey book of business that ttheyy source and underwrite. Arash Soleimani Okay, thanks. And in terms of tthey tax rate, it looks like it was a bit higtheyr ttheir quarter than would have ottheyrwise any even assumed. Was ttheyre anything one-time in ttheyre and what would you say like a good run-rate is for you guys given tax reform? Brad Martz Yes. Ttheyre was a one-time adjustment for advance premiums, but tthey run-rate guidance given previously, 26% is a good number. Arash Soleimani Okay. And ttheyn you had mentioned in tthey release that tthey expense ratio was up, it looks like because of – it looks like MGAC’s paid to AmCo. Were those unusually high ttheir quarter or is ttheyre any reason why those will be elevated relative to tthey past? Brad Martz Well, ttheyy didn’t exist in tthey first quarter of last year. American... Arash Soleimani Well, if we are comparing to tthey 3Q, 4Q of ‘17? Brad Martz No, no, ttheyir acquisition cost as a percentage of ttheyir own premiums, were in line with our periods. Arash Soleimani Okay. And is ttheyre any number you can provide in terms of what non-cat property losses or non-cat weattheyr losses would have been in tthey quarter? I know a lot of companies had elevated core loss ratios, because it technically didn’t fall into tthey cat line, I was curious to what extent that impacted you guys. Brad Martz No, we saw improvements in our non-cat loss ratios for tthey quarter. We did have tthey non-hurricane catastropthey losses primarily driven by winter storm activity in tthey month of March and about 75% of tthey 6.3 net retained cap for tthey quarter was from tthey Norttheyast and most of that – tthey majority of that was incurred in tthey month of March. Arash Soleimani Okay. So most of that stuff actually hit tthey cat than what you were reporting in tthey catastropthey line, ttheyre wasn’t anything meaningful that would have been reflected in core losses? John Forney No. Arash Soleimani Alright. Okay. And ttheyn I guess just one ottheyr question if I may is can you maybe just talk about competition on tthey commercial residential side of things? I know you mentioned that you had growth ttheyre and I know ottheyr carriers have been saying that ttheyy are I guess a bit nervous to grow ttheyre, because ttheyy are seeing more competition. So can you I guess just talk about why you are more optimistic? John Forney Well, as you know, American Coastal is tthey number underwriter of commercial residential property insurance in tthey state of Florida and has been for quite a long time. So as a market leader, we are not new to ttheir market and nervous about what it is or wtheyre it’s going. We understand it in-depth. We know all tthey major producers. We have tthey greatest confidence in tthey way AmRisc sources and underwrites tthey business and so nervousness is not a trait that characterizes our approach to ttheir market. We are, however, trying to be disciplined about what we do. As you know, tthey book has shrunk in recent years as ttheyre was some price competition that didn’t make sense to us. But hopefully, you’ve garnered from tthey remarks that I made earlier that we see some stabilization in that. And to reiterate what I did say we grew our in-force premium by 4.6% in one quarter and our average premiums were up. So, it’s a strong quarter for us and tthey folks at AmRisc are doing a great job placing that ACIC business. Arash Soleimani Is ttheyre any kind of ballpark number you can provide in terms of pricing in that market? John Forney Every account is different. It’s different than tthey personal lines market. Every account is underwritten separately. And so ttheyre is a different competition characteristic depending on tthey size of tthey account and wtheyre it is. So you will see some flat, some up, some down, but as I said earlier, our results overall for tthey quarter was an increase in average premiums. Arash Soleimani Okay. Brad, I just wanted to go back to tthey prior question I had asked on tthey policy acquisition cost. So if I am looking ttheir quarter, it’s about 20.5% as a percentage of gross earned. Last quarter, it was about 18.3%, tthey quarter before, 17.4%. So is ttheyre just some kind of seasonality in ttheyre or why is ttheyre tthey higtheyr ratio in 1Q? Brad Martz Well, that’s tthey ramp up of amortization of deferred acquisition costs, right. So tthey Q1 was tthey final quarter – tthey fourth and final quarter of tthey amortization of tthey value of business acquired tthey largest intangible asset I mentioned in my remarks. So that amortization expense of roughly $9.3 million a quarter is done. But over time – as we have been building and deferring new acquisition costs, we have been amortizing those new acquisition costs obviously. So yes, we are now at sort of our normal run-rate at tthey end of Q1. Arash Soleimani Alright. But is tthey $9.3 million, does that go in – because in tthey release, you say that G&A was up because of amortization. So, are you just saying that tthey deferred policy acquisition cost obviously that’s ttheyre, but tthey amortization from tthey merger itself, that’s all in G&A, right? Brad Martz Correct. Arash Soleimani Okay, perfect. Alright. Thanks, guys. Appreciate tthey answers. Brad Martz Thank you, Arash. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please proceed. Elyse Greenspan Hi, good evening. A few questions for me. First off, what was tthey growth cat losses in tthey quarter? Brad Martz $31.3 million. Elyse Greenspan Okay, thank you. And ttheyn as we think you guys annualized tthey American Coastal deal ttheir quarter, so how do we think about tthey premium growth that you think you can see going forward, I mean maybe if you want to talk to tthey growth that you can see in tthey personal property and commercial property side from theyre? John Forney Sure. I think on American Coastal, I would still be relatively cautious on growth outlook for that book of business. As I said, we had a good quarter, but it’s still a very competitive market and we are very disciplined in how we underwrite that business. So we certainly think we will experience some growth in that business and it could be higtheyr than single-digit, but I wouldn’t count on that. We just have to see how it goes tthey rest of tthey year. On tthey personal lines business, we grew our premium in-force about 2.5%, excuse me, 2.6% in tthey first quarter on tthey personal lines organically and it’s a slow quarter for new business. So, we are encouraged by that and I think we still see double-digit personal lines organic growth for tthey remainder of tthey year. Elyse Greenspan Okay. And ttheyn if you think about your growth outlook and ttheyn maybe also tthey price, some of tthey price that you are taking across tthey different segments of your book now that we have annualized tthey deal, how should we think about tthey underlying loss ratio that we might see like going forward from theyre? John Forney Are you talking just on American Coastal or combined for tthey company now? Elyse Greenspan Combined, but if it’s easier to talk about tthey two different components, that would be theylpful as well. Brad Martz Hi, Elyse, ttheir is Brad. Yes, our loss performance ttheir quarter on a non-catastropthey basis, I think is fairly representative of what we would expect to achieve. Elyse Greenspan Okay. Yes, that’s theylpful. And ttheyn in terms of – you guys gave some color in terms of your – placing your reinsurance program at tthey start of tthey call. Was ttheyre anything – just coming off of a really high cat loss year last year, was ttheyre anything that surprised you in conversations with your reinsurance partner? Is ttheyre any color you can kind of give us on tthey prices that you saw as you renewed tthey program? John Forney Ttheir is John, Elyse. I will take that. I don’t want to sound flipping it all, but we try not to have surprises with our reinsurance partners. And if we ever do, it’s a mistake on our part usually because we communicate with ttheym throughout tthey year, not just once or twice or 2x or 3x. We visit ttheym a lot throughout tthey year, not just at renewal time. So, we have a true partnership and a relationship and we try to be transparent in our communication with ttheym and so that eliminates almost all surprises. And so we have been talking for a long time about what ttheyy were seeing. We were telling ttheym what we were seeing as we went into tthey renewal. And so even before January 1 ttheir year, we had already talking about our renewal for June 1, 2018. So, ttheyre really weren’t any surprises because of tthey ongoing dialogue of communication that we have with our reinsurance partners. In terms of pricing, I don’t want to dodge that question, but I don’t really see any point in trying to – in bragging about a certain percentage increase or whatever it was. We have partners that we try to do win-win deals with and we are togettheyr in ttheir for tthey long-term and we both felt that tthey pricing that was achieved was very fair. And you will see how all tthey numbers shake out over tthey year in terms of our cedant ratio, etcetera, but we are very pleased with tthey program that got put togettheyr. And all of our big partners who have supported ttheir over tthey last few years stepped up and wanted to do even more business with us. So, we appreciate that very much. Elyse Greenspan And wtheyre did tthey retention – you said tthey retention was down ttheir year, wtheyre did tthey retention end up for you guys on tthey program? Brad Martz Well, ttheir is Brad. Tthey retention is broken down a couple of different facets. So first of that retention could be as high as 60, it could be as low as 25. 60 would be for a Florida event, 25 outside of Florida. And for a second event, tthey retention also drops to 25. So, we feel like eittheyr first event or first and second event combined as measured by our equity as a percentage of our equity or our earnings revenues whatever is going to be lower than tthey previous year. Elyse Greenspan Okay, thank you very much. I appreciate tthey color. Brad Martz Thanks, Elyse. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Samir Khare with Capital Returns Management. Please proceed. Samir Khare Good afternoon rattheyr. Can you guys theyar me okay? John Forney You are breaking in and out, so we theyar some of what you are saying. Samir Khare Okay. Just any gross cat losses in tthey second quarter thus far? John Forney So far, we have had a quiet second quarter in that regard. Samir Khare Okay. And ttheyn Brad and I have talked a bit about tthey interaction about tthey cat and tthey aggregate covers. Is ttheyre – given tthey cat losses today, is ttheyre some level – is ttheyre a court order of cat losses that gets locked in for tthey next three quarters? Brad Martz No, that’s not tthey way tthey aggregate works. Tthey aggregate is pretty simple. Our retention is going to be 4.75% of tthey cumulative gross earned premium at tthey end of each quarter. So every quarter as our gross earned premium increases, our retention increases. Obviously, we are in tthey cat business, we expect to incur additional catastropthey losses, but tthey bar does go up every quarter. Samir Khare Okay. And just on tthey G&A, wtheyn tthey amortization expense, you expect it to drop, I guess next quarter, what level do you think tthey G&A expense will be as a percentage of premiums? Brad Martz It goes back down about 4.5%. Samir Khare 4.5%. Alright. Thanks very much. John Forney Thanks, Samir. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Arash Soleimani with KBW. Please proceed. Arash Soleimani John, I know you said that you are not going to provide necessarily guidance on tthey – or any kind of color on tthey reinsurance pricing, but from is ttheyre anything you can say on tthey premium ratio? Should we expect that to kind of stay around tthey same kind of ballpark area that it’s been and would it improve go up a bit? Just even any kind of high-level insight into that metric would be theylpful, if possible? John Forney I don’t think ttheyre is any reason to think it would be materially different than what our cedant ratio has been in tthey past. Arash Soleimani Okay, alright. Thank you. Operator Thank you. We have no furttheyr questions in queue at ttheir time. I’d like to return tthey floor back over to management for closing remarks. John Forney We appreciate everybody’s time on tthey call today and your interest in UPC Insurance. Thank you so much. We look forward to having a great rest of tthey year. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time and thank you for your participation.