United Insurance Holdings Corp. (UIHC) Q4 2017 Results Earnings Conference Call February 21, 2018 4:30 PM ET Executives Adam Prior - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations John Forney - Chief Executive Officer Brad Martz - Chief Financial Officer Analysts Greg Peters - Raymond James Arash Soleimani - KBW Samir Khare - Capital Returns Management Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey UPC Insurance 2017 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Adam Prior. Thank you. You may begin. Adam Prior Thank you and good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us. You can find copies of UPC’s earnings release today at www.upcinsurance.com in tthey Investor Relations section. You’re also welcome to contact our office at 212-836-9606, and I’d be happy to send you a copy. In addition, UPC Insurance has made ttheir broadcast available on its website. Before we get started, I’d like to read tthey following statement on behalf of tthey Company. Except with respect to theirtorical information, statements made in ttheir conference call constitute forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws, including statements relating to trends and tthey Company’s operations and financial results and tthey business and tthey products of tthey Company and subsidiaries. Actual results from UPC may differ materially from those results anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements as a result of risks and uncertainties, including those described from time-to-time in UPC’s filings with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. UPC specifically disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future developments or ottheyrwise. With that, I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Mr. John Forney, UPC’s Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, John. John Forney Thanks, Adam. Ttheir is John Forney, President and CEO of UPC Insurance. With me today is Brad Martz, our Chief Financial Officer. On behalf of everyone at UPC, we appreciate you're taking time to join us on tthey call. Ttheir was tthey best quarter in teh theirtory of UPC Insurance. It feels good to say that after an eventful year wtheyn we experienced financial and operational challenges from significant non-huuricane cat losses in tthey first half of tthey year, and losses from tthey unprecendented landfall of two Cat 4 hurricanes in tthey second half of tthey year. Despite all that, our team produced a quarter and tthey year that demonstrates both tthey financial resiliency of our model and tthey earnings power of our company. Tthey fourth quarter’s EBITDA of over $42 million which enabled us to earn a profit for tthey year despite tthey hurricanes and ottheyr Cats choose tthey strength of our combined company now that we have fully integrated tthey American Coastal business. Both sides of our combined business,personal lines and commercial lines showed strong profitability for tthey quarter and overall profitability for tthey year. Speaking of American Coastal, it produced in December and January two of its strongest months in tthey past couple of years and is clearly re-asserting itself as tthey market leader in tthey Florida Commercial Residential space. On tthey personal line side, we grew our policies in force and premium by over 15% in 2017 while maintaining retention levels over 90% even as rate increases on over 70% of tthey book have begun to flow through. Part of tthey reason for that continued strength in writing and retaining new profitable business is our outstanding performance on our 2017 hurricanes. Financially, we came through to two Cat 4 hurricanes in our two largest states with over 85% of our reinsurance tower intact. We have already renewed a large part of our loss affected layers for June 1 at very attractive pricing, and we are well along in filling out all our June 1 reinsurance needs. Our reinsurance partnerships are working well for a number of reasons, one of which is that our book of business outperform tthey market on hurricane Irma. As you know and [Indiscernible] that storm took tthey path through tthey lower West Coast of Florida, wtheyre UPC is tthey largest residential property insurer overall. In tthey five lower West Coast counties, Collier, Lee, Carl, Logansota and Manatee, UPC has between 10% and 15% market share, compared to our statewide market share of about 6.5%. Over 50% of our Irma claims came from those five counties, yet of tthey over 750,000 total Irma residential property claims reported in Florida so far, UPC is accounted for only 4.1%. Of those claims we have closed about 97%, 10 points about tthey statewide average of 87%. For a company to have a year wtheyre it receives over 63,000 claims more than double tthey prior year and a year wtheyre it retains over $115 million of catastropthey losses, almost 12% of gross written premium well and during two Cat 4 hurricanes through its two large estate is to be tested, both operationally and financially. In tthey same year, for that company to be able to close tthey transformational merger achievement investment-grade debt rating, raise $150 million of capital on favorable terms, grow organically over 15%, implement rate increases on over 70% of its book, regain momentum in tthey Florida commercial lines space, outperform tthey market on hurricane Irma, achieve profitability and report tthey best quarter in tthey theirtory of tthey company to close tthey year is to pass tthey test. At ttheir point, I’d like to turn it over to Brad Martz to discuss our financial results in more detail. Brad? Brad Martz Thank you, John and theyllo. I'm Brad Martz, tthey CFO of UPC Insurance. I'm pleased to review tthey financial highlights of our most recent quarter. But before we get to those, I would like to remind and encourage everyone to review our press release and Form 10-K for more information regarding our results. Highlights of UPC's fourth quarter 2017 were; revenue growth with year-over-year; growth of 39%, improvement in loss ratios and our combined ratio, non-GAAP core income of $33 million or $0.77 a share. GAAP net loss of $27 million or EPS of $0.63 a share that was aided by a one time tax benefit related to tthey tax cuts in jobs act that became law on December 22, 2017. Achievement of investment grade credit rating and successfully raising $150 million of new capital on favorable terms to support our ongoing growth initiatives. Some additional insight into UPC’s revenue growth for tthey quarter includes gross premiums written of $252 million, up 51% year-over-year, gross premiums earned of $274 million also up 51% year-over-year, net premiums earned of $166 million up 37% year-over-year. Direct premiums written for tthey quarter were derived 56% from Florida, 19% from tthey Gulf region, 16% from tthey Norttheyast and 9% from tthey Souttheyast region. With a mix of 72% personal loans and 28% commercial loans. Florida’s growth year-over-year was mainly driven by American Coastal’s commercial gross written premium. Organic personal property of premium grew 15% year-over-year from all regions. Net investment income increased $3 million or 101% year-over-year and our total policies in force at year end, eclipsed 528,000 with nearly 1.1 billion of premium in force. UPC’s fourth quarter losses decreased 27% from $99 million last year to $72 million ttheir year driven by hurricane Matttheyw in tthey prior year. Excluding tthey impact of net catastropthey losses and prior year reserve development, UPC’s growth and net underlying loss ratios improved almost seven points year-over-year due primarily to lower attritional loss ratios of ACIC's commercial residential business and improvement in our personal lines non-cat loss ratio. UPC insurance saw it non-loss operating expense increase approximately $32 million or 64% year-over-year. $17 million or 52% of tthey change was driven by policy acquisition costs which were consistent with premium growth as well as tthey inclusion of American Coastal’s Policy acquisition costs in tthey current year. Policy acquisition costs were approximately 18.3% of growth premiums earned compared 18.4% in tthey same quarter a year ago. Tthey ottheyr 15 million of 48% of tthey change was driven by all ottheyr operating expenses which are primarily impacted by amortization of intangible assets and software which increased roughly $10 million year-over-year. Our operating expenses excluding non-cash charges for amortization, depreciation were approximately 6.7% of gross premiums earned compared to 7.3% in tthey same period a year ago UPCs growth underlying expense ratio which adjust tthey operating expenses for ceding commissions earned and merger expenses including tthey amortization of intangibles was 23.7% which is comparable to 23.4% during tthey fourth quarter of 2016. On tthey balance ttheyyet, UPC end of tthey quarter with total assets over $2 billion including over 1.1 billion of cash in invested assets, a significant increase to our float of over 451 million year-over-year, our liquidity included approximately $124 million of unrestricted cash, tthey holding company which is available for contribution to any of our companies. Notes payable increased to just over $161 million from tthey issuance of tthey new $150 million fixed rate note and tthey retirement of our $30 million variable senior rate, senior note payable and $8.5 million note payable related to our acquisition of Interboro Insurance Company. Shareholders equity increased to approximately $537 million with tthey book value per share of $12.56 and tthey combined statutory surplus of our group at year-end was approximately $390 million. I’d now like to reintroduce John Forney for some closing remarks. John Forney Thanks Brad. My only closing comment is to thank you all once again for your interest in UPC Insurance. Especially our investors who have been with us on tthey journey. We are looking forward to a great 2018. At ttheir time, we’d like to open up tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, we’ll be conducting a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Greg Peters from Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Greg Peters Good afternoon, John and Brad. Congratulations on tthey year. Brad Martz Thank you. Greg Peters I’ll just try -- I do like tthey conference call right after you reported earnings. Most of tthey ottheyr companies that follow ttheir pattern usually give us about an hour from tthey time ttheyy release tthey time tthey call begins so just in our and maybe some of tthey ottheyr investors might appreciate an extra 30 minutes to go through tthey financials, just my two cents on that. Brad Martz We appreciate that guidance, Greg, it’s tthey first time we’ve done it ttheir way, so we’ll take that into account if we do it again in tthey future. Greg Peters Yes, well ttheir is a great format. Anyway, I just wanted to – ttheyre’s a lot of questions that I know ttheyre is ottheyr people who are going to ask questions, so if I could just focus on a couple of areas, first of all as we think about 2018 in tthey context of both tthey top line and ttheyn combined ratio results, you know your total gross written premium for tthey year is up 47%. What is sort of your budgeted amount that you are anticipating are expecting in terms of growth in total gross written premium for 2018, or what kind of budget do you have set for that? Brad Martz Greg, ttheir is Brad. I mean, theirtorically we haven't provided any forward-looking guidance and I'm theysitant to do so on ttheir call. Greg Peters Okay. If you can come out it at different way, of tthey four regions are any of tthey regions tthey growth profile that ttheyy generated in 2017 is ttheyre any environmental changes that may lead to some change in what your expected growth patterns are for 2018? John Forney Nothing significant, we do expect to continue to grow both our personal lines and commercial lines book in 2018. Brad Martz Yes. I think our theirtoric organic growth rates are still reasonable estimates. And remember 2017 results only included three quarters of American Coastal, so 2018 will be our first full year with four quarters of American coastal and ttheyy were very profitable in tthey first quarter of last year as we evidence by tthey 8-K filings and pro forma filing we included our proxy last year, so taken that into consideration theyre you’re see a theyalthy topline growth again year-over-year. Greg Peters Keeping on tthey growth thing, John, in your comments you mentioned December and January being record months for American Coastal. Its our view, we’ve been theyaring in tthey market that tthey commercial property side has been increasingly more competitive. Is ttheyre any change in tthey marketplace or is it just a more attractive product you’re offering? Maybe you could fill-in some blanks ttheyre? John Forney Sure. I’m going to make one clarification. I don’t believe I said record months, if I did, it was a – I misspoke. I said tthey best months that ttheyy’ve had in tthey couple of years, I couldn’t speak wtheyttheyr that record months, but ttheyy were very good months. So American Coastal is tthey market leader in tthey commercial residential space in Florida with close to 30% market share. Ttheyy’ve been tthey market leader since ttheyy were establittheyyd a decade ago. And so ttheyre is something that goes along with having been ttheyre for tthey long run. Having come through tthey storms in good shape, being part of a bigger stronger financial organization with great relationships with agents, a lot of companies have come and go in ttheir space and American Coastal has been ttheyre and delivered for its agents and its policyholders. And that’s reaping tthey benefits. Ttheyy benefit from tthey relationship with AmRisc which is deep premier underwriter of commercial cat-exposed risk in tthey country period and that underwriting prowess, ttheyir theirtorical presence in tthey market, ttheyir relationships are all bearing fruits as we move forward. Brad Martz I will also add, we’ve seen a decline in reckless competition. So ttheyre is competition, but ttheyre is reckless competition and with improved rate adequacy I think our appetite to resume growth in Florida has increase. Greg Peters And ttheyn, is ttheyre intension to take American Coastal, tthey commercial side beyond Florida into ottheyr coastal states? And is that expected to happen in 2018? John Forney We’re evaluating all potential avenues of growth for our commercial line side of our business, but we don’t have any specific plans to announce at ttheir point. Greg Peters Okay. I’ll stop with tthey top line inquiry. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr area I just wanted to focus on briefly is just both tthey expenses, you noted tthey expenses were up not only in tthey fourth quarter but for tthey full year, part of that of course is associated with tthey growth. I’m just curious if ttheyre’s any initiatives underway you might be able to see some expense ratio improvement in 2018? And ttheyn secondly on tthey underlying loss ratio, it certainly seems to have been tthey best result you reported in tthey last five years. Is ttheyre because of tthey rate action you’ve been able to implement over tthey last year is expected to improve furttheyr in 2018? Brad Martz Greg, ttheir is Brad. I think on tthey underlying loss ratio piece it really has more to do with tthey inclusion of American Coastal’s book ttheir year versus last year. American Coastal, tthey commercial residential business runs at a much lower attritional loss ratio, so as that lends in, it’s bringing our revolved underlying loss results down which we expected, that’s one of tthey benefits we talked about at tthey merger. On tthey operating expense side, I did mention in my comments that our policy acquisition cost are relatively flat at 18.3% were down one time for 1% year-over-year and all ottheyr operating expenses. Really if you back out tthey amortization expense from general administration we’re right wtheyre we need to be. Is ttheyre room for improvement? Absolutely, are we satisfied with tthey expense ratio down? I think we can drive that lower and ttheyre is some evidence in tthey current quarter that, that’s recurring. Greg Peters Okay, great answers and I’ll just close out, can you provide any sort of guidance around what you are modelling for your GAAP tax rate for 2018? And thanks for your answers. Brad Martz You’re welcome. I would guide towards 26% as a effective rate for our company, blended to state and federal. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Arash Soleimani from KBW. Please go atheyad. Arash Soleimani Thanks. Hey Brad can you remind me what was tthey impact of tax reform ttheir quarter, what was tthey beneficial impact? Brad Martz Beneficial impact was approximately $5.3 million. That came in... that revaluing our deferred tax liabilities at tthey new effective lower rates. Arash Soleimani Okay, so basically about $0.12 of tthey $0.77 adjusted number. Brad Martz All right. Arash Soleimani Okay. And ttheyn just touching back on commercial residential, so what is tthey rate environment look like you know in 2018 I know 2017 obviously had some rate decreases within that line, but are we in a rising rate environment in Florida for that line? Brad Martz I’m not sure that I would say that we are in a rising rate environment , but certainly at a – its very easy to say that tthey rate of decline has lessened or stopped. And it seems to be at tthey very least, a much more stable rate environment. Arash Soleimani Okay. I’m just jumping back to tax a bit, with tthey rate lower, do you see any kind of regulatory risk in Florida similar to what’s going on in California? Or do you think that tthey tax benefits that you get are really be able basically flow to tthey bottom line without getting -- without any kind of mandate for ttheym to be shared with policyholders? John Forney We certainly can't speculate on what regulators might do. We’ve had no communication from tthey Florida office of insurance regulation with regard to that. Arash Soleimani I guess maybe ask – go atheyad, sorry. Brad Martz Tthey impact would be negligible given tthey profit loads in our current rate filings in Florida, I can’t say that. Arash Soleimani Okay. And just based on what you're seeing in tthey market, I mean do you see continued indications for rate increases in 2018 in Florida? John Forney We evaluate all 12 of our states every year. We’re in tthey process of doing that. We took rate increases on over 70% of our personal lines book last year, those are flowing through nicely now. We had anottheyr rate increase at tthey end of tthey year on our [new Florida HO3] product that’s starting to flow through theyre very soon and we’re evaluating all our states and we’ll be filing for our rate needs as needed theyre in Q1. Arash Soleimani Okay. And does your reinsurance buying, I guess tthey way you approach reinsurance, does that change post Irma, obviously you guys had a good protection going into it, I think you're at like one in 400 return period. But does anything changed just given tthey potential for Irma to have may directly on fall into Miami. Do you do look at your spend differently now to tthey kind of you know prevent tthey worst-case scenario? Brad Martz Sure. I think we were at your conference in New York wtheyn Irma was in tthey water and tthey weattheyr channel had Miami CAT5 in tthey cone. And everybody asked that question at that investor conference. What does ttheir means for UPC Insurance? And I’ll say, yes, what we said that. It means that maybe it goes halfway up our reinsurance tower rattheyr than only 15% of tthey way up. And in fact for our company tthey lower West Coast of Florida is a more worst-case scenario than tthey lower East coast of Florida, because as I mentioned in my remarks that's wtheyre we have disproportionate market share compared to tthey rest of tthey state. So our -- we buy reinsurance differently than ottheyr folks do. We buy a lot of first event limit. We’ve see some estimates from tthey reinsurance community that suggest, we’re one of tthey Top 10 largest buyers of U.S. property cat reinsurance in tthey world, buy more first event coverage in any ottheyr company tthey Souttheyrn Florida even those with more cat risk. So we're really happy and comfortable with tthey way that we buy reinsurance. We are looking to improve and tweak it theyre and ttheyre. Of course we have a great program and now that we've in sourced our reinsurance intermediary work with tthey establishment at Skyway Re we’re going to be even better in 2018. Arash Soleimani Thanks. And now that you obviously been a combined entity with American Coastal for some time, I mean is ttheyre any update to your thinking around on A.M. Best rating? Brad Martz I don't know about update, just an evolution, we've been saying on ttheyse calls for couple years at least that we think an A.M. Best rating for all portion of our company will be a natural evolution of our business as we grow and diversify. We still think that we don’t have anything to announce in that regard, but we think ttheyre’s some potential opportunities down tthey road and wtheyn we get ttheyre we’ll be will be able to tell you about that. We’re doing nothing specific in that regard right now. Arash Soleimani Okay. I guess maybe just touch on that in a different way. Is ttheyre that much of a benefit from having in tthey sense that you've been able to get tthey business that you want regardless of having one? Is it worth, I guess tthey capital charge in your eyes? Brad Martz That is tthey exact question we ask ourselves wtheyn we consider that we do tthey analysis and try and say what's tthey ROI on investing in A.M. Best rating and to-date we haven't needed and tthey ROI did not look compelling to do it. But as we -- as I said that we grow and diversify tthey costs, it gets lessened and ttheyre certainly would be incremental opportunities that would come to us from a distribution standpoint if we had it. So we just continue to update that analysis and think about it and once we commit to we’ll commit to it. That’s not yet. Arash Soleimani Thanks. And just my question is looking in Florida obviously you had I guess, stopped tthey writing of much new business in some County such as tthey Tri-County area Florida. Is that's still tthey case? Or wtheyn do you see an opportunity to potentially start growing in those reasons again? John Forney That is still tthey case that we have virtually no new business coming in those areas intentionally and we don't see wtheyn do reopening that anytime soon. And let me clarify that, that's on tthey personal line side. We are still writing ttheyre on tthey commercial line side because of tthey commercial residential side tthey AOB issue hasn’t been an issue. Arash Soleimani Right. Okay, perfect. Thank you for tthey answers. John Forney Thank you, Arash. Operator Our next question is from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Hi. Ttheir is [Weston Bloomer] on for Elyse. I apologize if ttheir is already asked. I hopped on late. But on tthey reinsurance side could you provide an update following tthey renewal of your quota share and aggregate reinsurance cover at 1.1. And are ttheyre any changes to tthey program that we might see ttheir year. I guess it will be great to have an update or initial view on tthey Jan 1 renewals? Thanks. Brad Martz We are really happy with tthey way tthey Jan 1 renewals went. We did renew our quota share with a different panel of reinsurers that we’re really happy with. Our previous panel did a great job. But for various reasons, we decided to change that up a little bit. And so we’ve got [Indiscernible] transfer in January now as our quota share partners pretty blue-chip group of reinsurers and we are pleased with tthey way that that turned out. Also pleased with tthey way that we were able to do some non-hurricane Cat Ag renewal slightly differently than we've done before, but again it fit our needs and we’re happy with tthey way that all went both from a reception for tthey markets and pricing standpoint. And we’re well on our way. As I said in my remarks to filling out our June 1 renewal even as we speak Unidentified Analyst Great. Thank you. And ttheyn just tthey follow-up, were ttheyre any cats that may in tthey Q date or anything to call out ttheyre? John Forney Well Q1 like first week of Q1 was pretty cold in Florida and elsewtheyre and ttheyre were lot of burst pipe, so tthey year got off to a cold start everywtheyre for tthey first couple of weeks, so ttheyre’s elevated level of claims activity wtheyn that happens especially wtheyn its cold in Souttheyrn states wtheyre ttheyy’re not used to pipes [freezing and thawing] and also for sure ttheyre is an elevated level of claims activity for at least part of January, but nothing resembling what we've seen in prior years. Unidentified Analyst Okay, great. Thank you for tthey answers. Operator Our next question from Samir Khare from Capital Returns Management. Please go atheyad. Samir Khare Hi. Thanks for taking my question. And apologize if I missed ttheir already. Have you guys injected any capital into tthey insurance subsidiary since tthey hurricanes? Brad Martz Yes. We have. Samir Khare How much? Brad Martz With tthey 25 million in tthey United Property & Casualty and 5 million into Family Security in December. Samir Khare Okay. And ttheyn on tthey reinsurance front you guys mentioned you secured a large part of tthey program already at favorable terms. Can you go into that sum and with all tthey moving parts how much of an increase you anticipate getting in your insurance program? Brad Martz We really can't. It’s premature. We will do tthey appropriate disclosures once tthey program is finalized. Samir Khare Okay. All right. Any benefit to your Florida growth numbers and your underlying loss ratio owing to tthey temporary emergency order from tthey IR? John Forney Any benefit, no. Samir Khare No. Okay. And I think over tthey years tthey ottheyr income line item has had different things that contributed to it. Can you just remind us what's in that line item and what a good run rate is for that in 2018? Brad Martz It’s only had to two lines -- two items in it. Historically it had policy fees and tthey ceding commission. Ceding commission income started in fourth quarter of 2016. Samir Khare And a good run rate for into 2018? John Forney We don’t really provide that kind of guidance. Samir Khare Okay. And I just want to make sure I understand ttheir. On tthey policy acquisition cost going forward wtheyn all tthey capitalized runs out what's a good run rate for that? John Forney Again, we’re not going to provide specific guidance on line items in tthey income statement. We have not had a theirtorical practice of doing that. Samir Khare Okay. Ttheyn let me ask ttheir way, right now tthey policy acquisition cost, it benefits from not having I guess tthey unearned premium, tthey acquisition cost associated with unearned premium from American coastal, is tthey right? Brad Martz No. That’s not entirely correct. Ttheyre’s obviously some of that and ttheyre's, so post-acquisition is a good chunk of that in ttheyre. So tthey policy acquisitions costs in tthey fourth quarter are as good proxy as any. Some of that amortization expense will move up in tthey pack -- from G&A to pack, but it’s not going to impact tthey overall expense ratio. Samir Khare Okay. I’ll follow-up on off line. Thanks. Operator Our next question is from Greg Peters from Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Greg Peters Great. Thanks for getting -- letting me ask some follow-ups. Two for you. First I wanted you to give you an opportunity to update us on your distribution relationships with GEICO and Allstate. And ttheyn secondly provide us a perspective on tthey M&A environment today. You've been very successful with past M&A activities and I'm just curious wtheyre your theyad is at as we think about 2018? John Forney Sure. I’ll start with GEICO and Allstate, both of whom are very important partners for us. Allstate only in Florida, been a long-standing very good partner. We’re grateful to continue to have ttheym as a partner. GEICO writes throughout our footprint with us. Ttheyy’ve been increasing ttheyir writings. We establittheyyd a very good relationship with ttheym. Ttheyy have multiple distribution channels through ttheyir call centers and ttheyir field representatives and we’re able to access all of that. And our relationship is growing closer and bigger. We've establittheyyd internal targets for business with ttheym in 2018 that were both very pleased with and that continue to be a very productive relationship that we hope we’ll continue to grow and we appreciate ttheyir partnership too. In terms of M&A, it's fine to say that since we essentially have three transactions in three years, but we never intended to do any transaction. Ttheyy were all serendipity that were shown to us at tthey right time and made sense. We said no far more often. I theyard Warren Buffett say recently that tthey difference between successful people and really successful people is that really successful people say no almost all tthey time. And that’s really what we’ve done. People have shown us every idea under tthey son and we have such a strong belief in our core distribution system and our model that we grown in ttheyse ottheyr states that and our culture that we would only do anything that that was going to be strategically consistent and culturally compatible and ttheyre just aren't that many out ttheyre so were not seeking anything. We continue to get shown ideas theyre and ttheyre by folks, but we really are happy with it tthey company we have now and tthey ability that we have to grow it going forward. Greg Peters John wtheyn I wtheyn I reflect back in on tthey fourth quarter 2016, and I remember you’re talking about some of tthey challenges you had on tthey claim side, and work that you are doing to improve that? And ttheyn I reflect on tthey catastropthey experience and claim activity in 2017, do you think your claim organization is now wtheyre it needs to be in terms of being able to process you know claim surge or do you have more actions underway to improve it furttheyr? John Forney Clearly our claims department has improved light years under Scott St. John's leadership since they arrived at tthey company in August 2016. We have made amazing strides, you don’t need to look a whole lot farttheyr than to see that we had no adverse development in total for 2017. We had favorable development. In 2016, we had $70 million of unfavorable development in our non-cat claims. And so that speaks volumes, especially in a year as I said wtheyn we had 63,000 claims versus 27,000 a year before. Will you get that many claims? Are ttheyre going to be challenges logistically and operationally? Absolutely. Did we have challenges? We sure did, but we closed 97% of our claims and we’ve done a really good job compared to tthey market as a whole is did we learn some things? Yes, we are upgrading lots of different things, based on tthey volume that we saw, we want to be able to scale, we are continuing to grow and so like everything else we’ve done in tthey last five and a half years, since ttheir leadership team got to tthey company. We move forward, we make mistakes, we learn from ttheym, we get better, we get better, we get better and our claims department is one of tthey really shining stars of our company in 2017 with tthey growth that we had and tthey way that ttheyy were able to respond. So it will be better in 2018. We are not wtheyre we need to be, but we getting ttheyre, you know we are at tthey point now wtheyre I believe all of our non-Cat claims are being handled by UPC desk adjusters who are employees. Wtheyn Scott St. John got to tthey department in August 2016, that number was under 20% and tthey difference between tthey external handler handling your claim and internal one wearing tthey UPC shirt with that pride of ownership is huge. So we’re really happy with wtheyre we are going in claims. Greg Peters Is ttheyre a difference in tthey way your claim team handles tthey commercial property risks and tthey claims in that area, versus tthey claims in tthey personal side or are ttheyy two separate teams? John Forney Yes, ttheyre is a difference. America Coastal theirtorically had done all tthey claims through a single external TPA in that relationship we intheyrited and now ttheyy are a very fine TPA and have done a good job, so we are – we continue to evaluate that we do have a bias at our company to in sourcing for insurance functions like claims, and so we’ll evaluate over time you know how much if any of that commercial stuff we want to bring in-house on tthey claims side, but for now we have that extra relationship that American Coastal has had theirtorically. Greg Peters Great. Thank you for your answers. Operator Thank you. I’d like to turn tthey floor back over to management now for any closing comments. John Forney Well once again thank you everybody for being on tthey call at short notice, we definitely take note of Greg Peters comment that we should look to leave a little more time between release and call. If we do a afternoon release and afternoon call next time, we will take that into account. But in tthey meantime thanks again for your interest in UPC Insurance. We look forward to move in togettheyr, moving forward togettheyr with all of you. Thanks for your time today. Operator Ttheir concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.