United Insurance Holdings Corp. (UIHC) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 8, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Karin Daly - Vice President, Equity Group R. Daniel Peed - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Bennett Bradford Martz - President & Chief Financial Officer Operator Hello, and welcome to tthey United Insurance Holdings Second Quarter 2022 Financial Results Conference Call and Webcast. At ttheir time, all participants are in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded.  It's now my pleasure to turn tthey call over to Karin Daly, Vice President with tthey Equity Group. Please go atheyad, Karin. Karin Daly Thank you, Kevin, and good afternoon, everyone. UPC Insurance has also made ttheir broadcast available on its website at www.upcinsurance.com. A replay will be available for approximately 30 days following tthey call. Additionally, you can find copies of UPC's earnings release and presentation in tthey Investors section of tthey company's website. Speaking today will be Chairman of tthey Board and Chief Executive Officer, R. Daniel Peed; and President and Chief Financial Officer, Bennett Bradford Martz. On behalf of tthey company, I'd like to note that statements made during ttheir call that are not theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements. Tthey company believes ttheyse statements are based on reasonable estimates, assumptions and plans. However, if tthey estimates, assumptions or plans underlying tthey forward-looking statements prove inaccurate or if ottheyr risks or uncertainties arise, actual results could differ materially from those expressed in or implied by tthey forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to vary materially may be found in our filings with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in tthey Risk Factors section of our most recent annual report on Form 10-K or subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Forward-looking statements speak only as of tthey date on which ttheyy are made, and except as required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. With that, it's my pleasure to turn tthey call over to Mr. Daniel Peed. Dan? R. Daniel Peed  Thanks, Karin. Hello, and thanks for joining us on our second quarter earnings call. I'm Dan Peed, Chairman and CEO of UPC Insurance. I'm planning to offer an overview of some of our activities in tthey second quarter, and ttheyn Brad Martz will provide more specific numbers. Tthey second quarter was busy. During tthey quarter, we closed on restructuring both our personal lines and commercial lines businesses. In personal lines, we closed tthey merger of Family Security Insurance Company and UPC effective May 31, with UPC as tthey surviving entity. In our commercial lines business, we merged Journey Insurance Company and American Coastal Insurance Company effective June 1, with American Coastal as tthey surviving entity. Both of ttheyse were done to separate out our personal lines and commercial lines businesses, simplifying tthey structure from five writing companies to three, reallocate capital and reduce expenses. Turning to results. Tthey main ttheyme in our personal lines business is continued derisking necessary to right-size tthey portfolio and reduce tthey amount of catastropthey reinsurance that was needed at tthey 6/1 renewal. We continued to shrink tthey personal lines portfolio with tthey TIV of tthey core portfolio down 16% year-over-year and tthey hurricane PML down approximately 24% wtheyn considering tthey Souttheyast renewal rights transaction. Ttheir enabled tthey successful 6/1 catastropthey reinsurance renewal. However, shrinking tthey personal lines portfolio creates a temporary theyadwind on as tthey gross earned premium shrinks significantly faster than tthey ceded earned premium. Gross earned premiums were down by 14% due mostly to tthey sale of tthey Souttheyast renewal rights, while net earned premiums were down by 23%. Ttheir is reflected in our personal lines ceded earned premium ratios at 68.9%, up from 59.7%. Losses in both catastropthey and non-catastropthey claims continue to be impacted by increasing inflation and excessive litigation, driving increased severity. Ttheyse factors drove a poor underwriting performance with a core loss of $64.3 million, which included a $43.6 million valuation allowance against our deferred tax asset. Tthey core loss excluding tthey valuation allowance was $20.6 million, which has improved by about $4 million from tthey $24.6 million in second quarter '21. However, our commercial lines business performed well in tthey second quarter, as I'll describe in a minute. On tthey underwriting activity side, we continue to achieve compounding rate increases along with exposure management and risk selection activities. In personal lines, we achieved average rate increases across our core portfolio of 18.8%. Ttheyse are compounding with tthey 11.5% rate increases achieved in 2021. We are also continuing with our insurance to value initiatives, which are delivering 12.9% average increase in our personal lines core portfolio. Between rate and valuation, we're achieving an average 31% year-over-year on renewal accounts. For commercial lines, we had a good quarter with a combined ratio of 61.5% and an underlying combined ratio of 70.2%, down slightly from 72.4% in tthey first quarter of '22. We wrote $181 million of gross written premium for tthey second quarter, surpassing for tthey first time our personal lines, which wrote $179 million. Ttheir resulted in pretax earnings for commercial lines of $18.8 million for tthey second quarter versus $11.6 million in tthey first quarter and $5.6 million in tthey second quarter of '21. Commercial lines average rate increased by nearly 20%, and we anticipate continued growth of 20% or more for at least tthey next 12 to 18 months. Florida litigation continues to see tthey total number of lawsuits wtheyn adjusted for notice of intent to litigate, decreasing over tthey last quarter from peak rates in June and July of '21. We believe that tthey provisions of SB 76 will begin to theylp tthey excess litigation issues in Florida as SB 76 applies to an increasing percentage of lawsuits. We also believe tthey provisions in SB 2-D and 4-D will favorably impact excessive litigation in Florida. However, much of tthey benefit were near to claims with a date of loss after July 1, 2021, tthey effective date of SB 76. As a subsequent event, on August 1, Demotech downgraded UPC from A for exceptional to M for moderate. UPC is participating in tthey Florida market stabilization arrangement through Citizens Property Insurance Corp. that is effective through June 1, 2023. Under tthey arrangement, Citizens will assume by endorsement 100% of UPC's liability for any covered loss payable but unpaid under certain circumstances. Tthey Florida OIR has a great summary of tthey arrangement and frequently asked questions on its website that I invite you to ctheyck out. Our subsidiaries, American Coastal Insurance Company and Interboro Insurance Company, continue to be rated A minus -- continue to be rated A, exceptional by Demotech. And American Coastal, Interboro and UPC are all rated A minus by Kroll Bond Rating Agency. In summary, our second quarter reflected lots of change. We continued to derisk tthey personal lines portfolio, which drives tthey theyadwind of decreasing net earned premium in personal lines. Our core loss is due to poor performance in our personal lines business as well as a large valuation allowance against tthey deferred tax asset. However, tthey core loss excluding tthey valuation allowance improved on a year-over-year basis by approximately $4 million. We continue to experience inflation and excessive litigation levels in Florida, causing significantly increased severity in current and prior accident years. We restructured tthey company through tthey merger of FSIC into UPC for personal lines and Journey Insurance Company into American Coastal Insurance Company for commercial lines. Ttheir will simplify our structure and reduce expenses. Our commercial lines business is performing well and is positioned for profitable growth with a market-leading position in a specialty commercial nicthey. And lastly, we expect tthey Florida residential market to remain hard for tthey foreseeable future due to a skeptical and hard capital and reinsurance market, recently elevated catastropthey activity and continued theyadwinds created by excessive litigation levels. With that, I'll turn it over to Brad Martz. Bennett Bradford Martz Thank you, Dan, and theyllo. Ttheir is Brad Martz, President and CFO of UPC Insurance. I'm pleased to review UPC's financial results but encourage everyone to also review our press release, investor presentation and Form 10-Q for more information regarding tthey company's performance. Highlights for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2022 included a GAAP net loss of $69 million or $1.60 per share compared to a net loss of $23.5 million or $0.55 a share last year and a core loss of $64.3 million or $1.49 per share compared to a core loss of $24.6 million or $0.57 a share a year ago. On Page 4 of our investor presentation highlights that our core loss included $20.6 million of net retained catastropthey losses or approximately $0.38 a share after tax, $7.8 million of prior year reserve development, approximately $0.14 per share after tax and tthey $43.7 million noncash valuation allowance charge, which was slightly over $1 per share. In total, ttheyse items reduced our GAAP EPS and our non-GAAP core earnings per share by approximately $1.53 per share.  Catastropthey losses included 16 new PCS events in tthey quarter, and tthey prior year reserve development was driven by reserve strengttheyning across several smaller PCS events within our retention. Tthey real noise in tthey quarter came from our decision to record a valuation allowance against 100% of UIHC's deferred tax asset. Ttheir accrual was deemed necessary due to uncertainty about our ability to utilize tthey roughly $190 million net operating loss carryforward, given tthey cumulative results over tthey past several periods. Gross premium written for tthey quarter of $360.1 million declined $66.3 million or approximately 16%, and gross premiums earned of $305.8 million decreased about 14%, consistent with our expectations of less exposure, offset by higtheyr rates on our personal lines portfolio. Pages 7 and 8 of our investor presentation continue to demonstrate that we are getting significantly more rate in both personal lines and commercial lines. Ceded earned premiums were $194.4 million, which compared favorably to $211 million in tthey same period a year ago due to our lower exposure base as well as tthey reduction of our quota share cession rate from 23% to 18% at June 1. Ottheyr items included in total revenue during tthey current quarter were $6.4 million of fee income that increased $2.4 million year-over-year due primarily to tthey renewal rights sale of our federal flood book of business; net investment income of $3.1 million, which declined year-over-year due to lower invested assets; and net unrealized losses from equity securities of $5.1 million, which were $7.5 million lower than tthey prior year. UPC's second quarter net loss and loss adjustment expense was $90.1 million, a decrease of $28 million or approximately 24% year-over-year. Tthey current accident year catastropthey losses added over 18 points to our net loss and combined ratios with tthey impact of prior year reserve development, adding 8 -- or excuse me, 7 points on those same ratios. Our underlying loss and loss adjustment expense was $61.6 million, down $16.4 million or 21% year-over-year. Ttheir produced an underlying net loss ratio of 55.5%, which was up nearly 2 points compared to last year. Page 5 of our investor presentation summarizes our results by line of business and continues to show profitable results for commercial lines, but weattheyr-related losses, inflation litigation led to very disappointing results on tthey personal line side. UPC's operating expenses were $56.5 million, a decrease of $11.4 million or almost 17% year-over-year. Ttheir decline was driven mainly by lower acquisition costs from agent commission reductions in our personal lines business. Our direct expense ratio shown on Page 5 of our investor presentation increased 2.5 points year-over-year to 26.5% wtheyn comparing operating expenses, excluding ceding commissions to our gross premiums earned. However, our net expense ratio increased 4 points to 50.7% inclusive of reinsurance costs. Expense reduction and cost containment has been a significant challenge with inflationary pressures and so much change in our personal lines risk portfolio but is a very high priority for us going forward. Page 6 of our investor presentation includes balance ttheyyet highlights to theylp reconcile some of tthey significant changes ttheir period. Our GAAP equity attributable to UIHC stockholders declined to $167 million with a book value per share of $3.85 and tangible book value per share of $1.77. Rising interest rates have led to valuation declines in our fixed income investment portfolio. And ttheir, combined with tthey valuation allowance on deferred tax assets related to unrealized losses, caused our accumulated ottheyr compretheynsive loss to decrease to $48.9 million at June 30. Ttheir impacted book value per share and tangible book value per share by $1.13 per share. Tthey statutory policy over surplus for our Group at tthey end of tthey second quarter was approximately $202 million. That concludes our prepared remarks for today. We thank you for your continued interest in UPC Insurance. Operator Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at ttheir time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today. Question-and-Answer Session End of Q&A