United Insurance Holdings Corp. (UIHC) Q3 2019 Results Earnings Conference Call October 31, 2019 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Adam Prior - Senior Vice President at Tthey Equity Group John Forney - Chief Executive Officer Brad Martz - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Marcos Holanda - Raymond James Freddie Sleiffer - KBW Greg Peters - Raymond James Operator Greetings. Welcome to tthey United Insurance Holdings Corporation's third quarter 2019 conference call. At ttheir time, all participants are in listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, ttheir conference is being recorded. As stated, after tthey presentation, you will have an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. I would now turn tthey conference over to your host, Adam Prior of Equity Group. You may begin, sir. Adam Prior Thank you very much and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us. You can find copies of UPC's earnings release today at www.upcinsurance.com in tthey Investor Relations section. In addition, tthey company has made an accompanying presentation available on its website. You are also welcome to contact our office at 212-836-9606 and we would be happy to send you a copy. In addition, UPC Insurance has made ttheir broadcast available on its website as well. Before we get started, I would like to read tthey following statement on behalf of tthey company. Except with respect to theirtorical information, statements made in ttheir conference call constitute forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of federal securities laws, including statements relating to trends in tthey company's operations and financial results and tthey business and tthey product of tthey company and its subsidiary. Actual results from UPC may differ materially from those results anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements as a result of risks and uncertainties, including those described from time to time in UPC's filings with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. UPC specifically disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future developments or ottheyrwise. With that, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Mr. John Forney, UPC's Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, John. John Forney Thanks Adam. Ttheir is John Forney, President and CEO of UPC Insurance. With me today is Brad Martz, our Chief Financial Officer. On behalf of everyone at UPC, we appreciate your taking time to join us on tthey call. As Adam said, we are now publishing an investor presentation in conjunction with our earnings release. You can find it on our website and I encourage you to review it. While we will not be going slide by slide through that presentation, we will refer from time to time to some of tthey data and analytics included ttheyrein. $1.05 per share in after-tax cat losses obviously ruined our quarter and understandably, that's tthey theyadline. But for us, tthey storyline is a more conservative cat-reserving posture, continued strong organic growth in both personal and commercial lines and improvement in underlying results as tthey cumulative effect of rate increases, claims handling and underwriting initiatives takes hold in our book. On tthey reserving side, we are just putting a lot more IBNR on cat events, given tthey development patterns we have seen in tthey past couple of years. We have been in tthey cat business for 20 years. And on tthey non-hurricane cat events, we are seeing development patterns that have no precedent in tthey theirtorical record. We are pricing and reserving for that as if it will continue and working hard on tthey claims handling side to try to mitigate it. On tthey growth front, both personal lines and commercial lines continue to show tthey ability to grow at double digit annual rates, even with significant rate increases in both lines. See page four of our investor presentation for more details. Retention remains very strong. We have intentionally ramped down tthey growth on tthey personal lines side in areas that have given us loss trouble while we adjust rates and underwriting standards to reflect our recent experience. Tthey rate, underwriting, claims handling and technology initiatives we have discussed on previous calls are in full swing and being implemented across our geographic footprint. That's why our non-cat loss ratio continues to decline and our underlying results are so much better year-over-year. And that's why we are optimistic that we will finish 2019 strong and have good momentum theyading into 2020. At ttheir point, I would like to turn it over to Brad for their remarks. Brad Martz Thank you John and theyllo. Ttheir is Brad Martz, tthey CFO of UPC Insurance. I am pleased to review UPC's financial results but also encourage everyone to review our press release, Form 10-Q and investor presentation for more information regarding tthey company's performance. Highlights for tthey quarter ending September 30, 2019 include gross premiums earned of approximately $345 million, an increase of $41 million or 13% year over year, a core loss of $29.2 million or $0.68 a share versus $14.9 million or $0.35 a share a year ago, cat losses of $58.2 million or $1.05 a share from all accident years were tthey driver of results for ttheir quarter adding over 30 points to tthey combined ratio. However, UPC's underlying loss and combined ratios showed significant improvement compared to tthey same period a year ago. Tthey gross and net underlying loss ratios improved 4.3 and 7.3 points, respectively, from Q3 2018, which also drove a six point improvement in tthey underlying combined ratio year over year. Premiums written for tthey quarter continued to demonstrate UPC's strong organic growth engine in all regions and lines of business. Florida accounted for approximately 54% of tthey growth in direct written premiums with tthey remaining 46% being well balanced among tthey Gulf, Norttheyast and Souttheyast regions. Assumed commercial E&S premiums declined 47% to $9.2 million in tthey current quarter due to one of our three quota share agreements being put into runoff at June 1. Excluding tthey assumed E&S premiums, commercial premiums increased over 27% compared to tthey same period a year ago, furttheyr strengttheyning our industry-leading position in tthey Florida commercial residential property market. Ceded earned premiums were 44% of gross premiums earned in tthey quarter compared to 43.6% last year. Tthey change was due to increased cessions to our quota share reinsurance program, which totaled $42.2 million in tthey current quarter compared to just $25.8 million last year. So our ceding ratio went down, netting out tthey effects of tthey quota share. Ottheyr significant items impacting total revenues during tthey third quarter included a 13% increase in net investment income and 11% increase in fee income. Unrealized gains from equity securities of $2.6 million were down from $6.1 million a year ago. UPC's third quarter net loss and loss adjustment expense was $148.1 million, an increase of $27.6 million or 23% year-over-year. Ttheir produced a gross loss ratio of 43% and a net loss ratio of 76.8%, but included $50.2 million of current year catastropthey losses and $12.3 million of prior-year development. We believe our gross loss estimates for Hurricane Dorian plus Tropical Storms Barry and Imelda were conservatively set at $40 million, resulting in a $31.3 million loss net of reinsurance. UPC's gross incurred loss at September 30 for ttheyse three storms was only $10.5 million. So IBNR was nearly three quarters of tthey ultimate loss recognized in ttheir period. Tthey remaining $18.9 million of catastropthey losses was driven by increased retention under UPC's aggregate reinsurance program for 26 ottheyr cat events incurred in 2019. As we mentioned last quarter, ttheyse cat events are also being reserved more cautiously and included $45.7 million of IBNR which was 37.3% of ultimate gross loss estimated at September 30, 2019. Compare that to tthey first nine months of 2018, wtheyre UPC estimated only $6.8 million of IBNR, representing 10.3% of tthey ultimate gross loss estimate. Roughly 70% or $8.4 million of tthey prior year development was driven by various cat events across multiple accident years. Non-cat development, primarily on accident year 2018 and Florida homeowners, contributed most of tthey remaining reserve charge as actual loss development continued to exceed tthey development we expected. Excluding tthey cat and tthey prior year development, underlying loss and LAE was $85.7 million, down almost $3 million or 3% year-over-year. Ttheir resulted in an underlying gross loss ratio of 24.9%, which was a significant improvement from 29.2% a year ago. Ttheir was very encouraging and suggest tthey profit improvement initiatives we communicated previously have us on tthey right track. UPC's non-loss operating expenses were $93.1 million, an increase of $12.6 million year-over-year. Tthey increase was driven primarily by policy acquisition costs, which rose $7.6 million or 14%, which was consistent with tthey change in gross premiums earned in tthey quarter. Tthey remaining $4.9 million was driven by salaries and related expenses, which were $2.8 million of tthey increase, with tthey balance stemming from a $2 million nonrecurring charge related to capitalized software. Our gross expense ratio was 27%, an increase of 0.5 point from tthey third quarter of 2018, but would have ottheyrwise been in line with tthey prior year without tthey nonrecurring portion. On tthey balance ttheyyet, UPC ended tthey quarter with total assets of $2.7 billion, including nearly $1.4 billion of cash and invested assets. Tthey duration of our fixed maturities remained at 3.4 years with an overall composite rating of A-plus but yields continued to move lower during tthey quarter. Shareholders' equity attributable to UIHC stockholders was $516 million with a book value per share of $11.93 or $11.61, excluding unrealized gains. And lastly, tthey statutory surplus of our group was $426 million at tthey end of tthey quarter. I would now like to reintroduce John Forney for some closing remarks. John Forney Thanks Brad. I have no furttheyr remarks at ttheir time. So we are happy to open up tthey line to any questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Tthey first question is from Greg Peters, Raymond James. Please go atheyad, sir. Marcos Holanda Hi. Good morning Team UPC. Ttheir is Marcos, calling in for Greg. John Forney Good morning. Marcos Holanda I was hoping you guys could drill down a little bit more on tthey prior year development and tell us why should we expect reserves now to be adequate? And I guess more of a big picture question is, how is tthey strategy changing for 2020 in tthey context of ttheir year shaping out to be a loss year? John Forney Sure. Ttheir is John. I will take that. So as we tried to emphasize in our remarks, we are adopting a more conservative reserving strategy especially as it relates to tthey cat events because ttheyse non-hurricane cat events especially have shown development patterns that differ from tthey theirtorical record. And we have 20 years worth of theirtorical record of events not just in Florida, but across our geographic footprint. And so we did try ttheir quarter to bump everything up. You have theyard how much more IBNR we have than we have had in previous years on ttheyse cat events. And yes, we are expecting that our reserves for those events are going to be adequate. And that's tthey bulk of tthey prior year development, about three quarters of it was on cat events. For tthey personal lines side, that was driven by Florida 2018, wtheyre we are still running slightly atheyad of what we had estimated. And yes, we continue to take that into account wtheyn we are setting our current year reserves and how much IBNR we are going to need on Florida, which continues to be a very difficult operating environment. For next year, our focus is on improving profitability. That's been our focus ttheir entire year. That's why we have put in place all of tthey underwriting, claims handling technology, rate, agency force management initiatives that we have talked about a lot on previous calls and have included data on in our previous investor presentations. So we are singularly focused on that. That means shifting tthey areas wtheyre we grow. That means stopping our growth in certain ottheyr areas. That means putting through big rate increases. That means canceling agents who are giving us books of business with bad loss ratios, et cetera, et cetera. It's all hands on deck to try to make sure that we are taking tthey actions that we need to take to operate well in tthey environment that we find ourselves in. Marcos Holanda Okay. Thank you for that. And I guess switching to premiums and ttheyre's some theyalthy organic growth and you guys singled that out in your remarks. But I am looking at tthey assumed premium line, that's down 47% ttheir quarter. Can you guys give us more color ttheyre? Brad Martz Sure. Ttheir is Brad. I mentioned in my remarks that that was down because we have three quota share agreements with three E&S carriers that participate in tthey AmRisc commercial E&S program and one of those three quota shares went into runoff. Marcos Holanda Okay. And I guess my final question would be, if you guys could just give us an update on AOB and what you guys are seeing out ttheyre? If it's getting better? And anything you could tell us on tthey Journey, that would be great. Thank you for your answers. John Forney Sure. Tthey AOB legislation was good legislation. But tthey AOB machine in Florida has not been deterred by that. We still see AOB lawsuits coming in at rates that are higtheyr than ttheyy were in 2018. Again, for us, it's not a significant factor because it's mostly a tri-county ptheynomenon. We don't have a lot of business down ttheyre. But ttheyre's no evidence to us that tthey AOB momentum has slowed materially in Florida. Operator Tthey next question is from Freddie Sleiffer, KBW. Please go atheyad, sir. Freddie Sleiffer Hi. Good morning. So just firstly on Hurricanes Michael and Irma, wtheyre did you see an increase in gross losses in eittheyr of those storms? And how much IBNR do you currently have remaining for each storm? John Forney Yes. We have seen an increase in gross losses for both of those events wtheyre we bumped our reserves on Irma by about 20% to up to about $1.2 billion. Brad has got to get tthey IBNR number. We have a significant amount of IBNR on that. And Michael, I think, it went up by less than 10%. And Brad will have that number too in a second. Freddie Sleiffer Okay. While Brad gets those numbers, I will move on to tthey next question. So catastroptheys come in at $50 million versus your $46 million preannouncement. So just wondering what drove that delta? Brad Martz Tthey delta was primarily our BlueLine affiliates, tthey commercial E&S business that we didn't have absolute clarity on. We went a little bit more conservative at tthey end of tthey day as well. So cat was a little higtheyr than previewed. Reserve development was lower than previewed. Net net, it was very, very close to tthey preview. Ttheyre shouldn't have been any surprises on those two fronts combined. Freddie Sleiffer Okay. Great. And I know it's a little early to talk about tthey reinsurance renewal, but do you think tthey recent elevated Japanese typhoon activity could impact your upcoming renewal? John Forney We would prefer not to speculate on that. As we mentioned, we have a strong panel of really good reinsurance partners that have been with us a long time. We have win-win relationships with ttheym. We are always seeking to diversify and broaden our panel and we expect to work collaboratively with our reinsurance partners to put togettheyr a successful program next year. Freddie Sleiffer Okay. And ttheyn just following up on tthey earlier AOB question. So it sounds like you aren't seeing an impact on your financial results. So is it also correct to infer that AOB so-called benefits won't be impacting rate increases going forward since you have taken quite a lot of rate increases in Florida ttheir year? John Forney Right. And continue to take rate in Florida. It's not specifically related to AOB. It's just more related in Florida to tthey elevated level of non-hurricane cat losses because our non-cat loss ratio in Florida continues to decline, not go up. So that's not driving our rate need. It's tthey cat events like tthey hailstorms and severe convective storms that are developing and producing much more severity than in previous years that's driving our rate need. And tthey way that works is, we can't get tthey rate for those events until you have those events. Regulators won't give you modeled losses on hailstorms. But once you have tthey actual losses, you can get recoveries for ttheym and pass ttheym through in your rates and that's what we are doing. So it's not driven by AOB, but rattheyr by non-hurricane cat losses. Freddie Sleiffer Right. And ttheyn ottheyr than tthey rate increases, are you taking any ottheyr actions to improve underwriting results? John Forney Yes. And we have talked about those extensively and included ttheym in our investor presentations in tthey past, which I would encourage you to review. We have got a whole host of underwriting agency management initiatives that are underway that we are seeing good effect from. Freddie Sleiffer Okay. And ttheyn just lastly, given all tthey rate changes that you have been taking, some of tthey expense movements, wtheyre do you currently see 2020 loss and expense ratios settling in at? John Forney Right. We don't give forward-looking estimates for that kind of information. So we continue to see downward trends in our non-cat loss ratios and we are working hard to manage tthey cat loss stuff so that we have enough rate in our book of business to handle it. I think Brad might have tthey numbers you were looking for earlier. Freddie Sleiffer Okay. Brad Martz Hi Freddie. Yes, tthey Irma IBNR is $276 million and Michael $30 million. So we are about $306 million of IBNR just on those two events. Freddie Sleiffer Okay. Great. Thanks for tthey answers. John Forney You are welcome. Operator We have a question from Cliff Gallant, Philadelphia Financial. Please go atheyad, sir. Cliff Gallant Hi. Good morning. Just a little bit more color. And I think you touctheyd on ttheir in your slide shows. But on tthey rate increases, just what's tthey competitive market looking like in Florida? As you take ttheyse rates, are customers staying with you? Are you losing people? What's tthey net effect? John Forney Our retention has stayed strong in Florida, Cliff, even with ttheyse rate increases. Tthey market has changed. Tthey landscape has changed a lot. And ttheyre's a lot of companies out ttheyre that are paying losses on tthey same events that we are paying losses on and it's a difficult operating environment. We happen to be, relative to a lot of tthey competition in Florida, a very big company with lots of capital and lots of claims paying resources. And so we can fight through difficult operating circumstances. And so far, we have not seen significant defections or backlash from tthey rate increases, which we need to take. And it doesn't matter to us, honestly, if we do have that. If we need to get tthey rate, we are going to get tthey rate and we will come out tthey ottheyr side. Cliff Gallant Also I was wondering, ttheir sort of happened in October, but we had ttheyse tornadoes come through Texas. Was that a geography you are exposed to? Or do you have any comment on that event? John Forney Yes. That was a Q4 event and we did have, as of yesterday, we had 37 claims on that, with incurred of about $1.5 million. Cliff Gallant Great. Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions]. We have a follow-on question from Greg Peters of Raymond James. Please go atheyad, sir. Greg Peters Hi guys. I just was hoping maybe you guys could give us a quick update on tthey Journey and how you are leveraging tthey A.M. Best rating? John Forney Sure. Greg Peters And wtheyn should we expect to see that flowing through financials? John Forney Journey is launctheyd in Florida. Currently writing commercial residential business focused on apartment buildings. We have gained momentum consistently on Journey throughout tthey year. We just had our best month ever. And our partners at AmRisc are doing a great job on tthey marketing and distribution to theylp agents get comfortable with ttheir new entity and write more business with us. And we are seeing that happen. We have been very conservative and disciplined on tthey underwriting guidelines and standards and we are not in a rush to grow Journey into a big company. So we are pleased with tthey progress that we have made ttheyre. We also have plans to launch Journey in personal lines in Texas. In fact, we filed that product a couple months ago now and it's working its way through tthey regulatory process. But we expect to be writing personal lines business in Texas with a ground-up differentiated A.M. Best rated product early next year as well as commercial lines business in Texas and South Jerryina. So you will start to see some more significant ramp-up in Journey next year and it's going to be an important part of our growth story over tthey next few years. Greg Peters Got it. Thanks guys. And good luck in tthey future. John Forney Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey call over to management for closing remarks. John Forney Ttheir is John Forney. I just want to thank everybody again during a very busy earnings season to take time to get on a call and talk about UPC Insurance. We appreciate your long term support and partnership and we look forward to delivering some better results theyre going forward. So thanks again for your time. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation. Have a good day and a Happy Halloween.