United Insurance Holdings Corp. (UIHC) Q2 2021 Results Conference Call August 4, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Adam Prior - SVP, Tthey Equity Group Dan Peed - CEO Brad Martz - President and CFO Conference Call Participants Greg Peters - Raymond James Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Operator Greetings. Welcome to tthey United Insurance Holdings Corporation's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, ttheir conference is being recorded. I will now turn tthey conference over to your host, Adam Prior of Tthey Equity Group. Thank you. You may begin. Adam Prior Thank you, Alex, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us. You can find copies of UPC's earnings release today at www.upcinsurance.com in tthey Investor Relations section. In addition, tthey company has made an accompanying presentation available on its website. We also welcome to contact our office at (212) 836-9606, and I'd be happy to send you a copy. In addition, UPC Insurance has made ttheir broadcast available on its website as well. Before we get started, I'd like to read tthey following statement on behalf of tthey company. Except with respect to theirtorical information, statements made in ttheir conference call constitute forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws, including statements relating to trends in tthey company's operations and financial results and tthey business and tthey products of tthey company and its subsidiaries. Actual results from UPC may differ materially from those results anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements, as a result of risks and uncertainties, including those described from time to time in UPC's filings with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. UPC specifically disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future developments or ottheyrwise. With that, I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Mr. Dan Peed, UPC's Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, Dan. Dan Peed Thanks, Adam. Hello, and thanks for joining us on our Second Quarter Earnings Call. I'm Dan Peed, Chairman and CEO of UPC. I'm planning to offer an overview and discussion of some of our activities and ttheyn turn it over to Brad Martz and they'll go over specific numbers. Tthey second quarter results reflect continued execution of our 2021 transition plan. Tthey plan is to rotate to a dramatically reduced named and non-named CAT retention level and increased quota share of protection, both of ttheyse to de-stress capital and reduce volatility. Ttheyse actions drive a significantly increased reinsurance spend, which reduces our margin during tthey transition, but are subsequently priced into tthey portfolio, meaning that we capture tthey increased price of our reinsurance and our policy premiums. We continue to stay focused on tthey steps necessary to achieve a strong underwriting profit, beginning in 2022 and continuing to grow in 2023, along with reduced volatility at tthey same time from both our commercial and personal lines businesses. Ttheyse steps include compounding rate increases, adequate reserving, exposure management and enhanced risk selection. Many of tthey underwriting actions that we began to take in tthey second half of 2020 are beginning to flow through as written and subsequently earned premium. In tthey second quarter, our personal lines average rate was, again, up by 10.4% and commercial lines average rate was up by nearly 18%. Our personal lines renewal business premium increased over tthey last 12 months on like-for-like accounts by $89.9 million with a record $27 million increase in tthey second quarter. Our current filings across all states will yield an average renewal business rate increase in tthey third quarter of nearly 20% and near 15% in tthey fourth quarter. Note that ttheyse rate increases are compounding on top of at least 1, if not 2 prior rate increases. Despite ttheyse rate increases, we have renewal retention rates, excluding nonrenewals of 90.6% in personal lines and near 94% in commercial lines. On top of ttheyse rate increases, we are reassessing tthey replacement cost estimate of both our personal lines and commercial lines portfolios, given tthey rapid increase in construction and materials costs. We expect ttheir to add an additional $30 million to $50 million of written premium to tthey personal lines portfolio over tthey next 12 to 18 months. We are shrinking our exposure in personal lines with a TIV reduction of 5.8% in only tthey second quarter and on track for a portfolio of annual P&L reduction of nearly 13% by September 30 of ttheir year. Ttheir had a major impact on reducing tthey pressure on our June 1 CAT reinsurance placement. Tthey June 1 XOL CAT reinsurance placement was very successful and included most of our long-term reinsurance partners. Reinsurance tower continues on a strong aggregate cascading basis, offering stronger first event protection than a traditional placement. We also were able to significantly reduce our hurricane retentions. Our first and second event retentions are $15 million per occurrence plus we buy an aggregate protection for losses in tthey pooled companies at $31 million for tthey year. Ttheir retention is a significant reduction from tthey approximately $200 million retention in tthey 2020 hurricane season. Effective July 1, 2021, Florida adopted Senate Bill 76, which was an insurance reform package that, among ottheyr reforms designed to protect consumers, addressed litigation trends experienced by Florida carriers. We feel like ttheyre are several material changes, which will reduce litigation over time. However, it is still too early to estimate tthey impact to loss costs given tthey July 1 effective date. Looking forward, we plan to continue to rebalance our portfolio towards a 50-50 mix of personal lines and commercial lines over tthey next several years. In tthey second quarter, our commercial lines direct written and assumed premium is up 18.4%, while our personal lines direct written premium is down 12.2%. See our investor supplement for results broken down by personal lines and commercial lines. We continue on track for a third quarter launch of Skyway Technologies, our managing general agent, direct-to-consumer platform, beginning with an HO6 product. Tthey technology developed by Skyway will create a new distribution channel for UPC, reduced acquisition expenses, reach tthey new generation of insurance buyers and transform how UPC deploys its data and technology resources. We plan to expand ttheir suite of products offered through Skyway Technologies, and we are currently developing a strategy to launch HO3 products in Florida through Skyway Tech in 2022. Tthey current insurance market continues to be firm as it has been -- as firm as it has been in years, and tthey Florida market is expected to remain hard for an extended period of time, especially for personal lines business. 2021 continues to be a transition year for UPC as we rotate to reduce CAT retentions, reduced personal line exposure, but that incurs an additional reinsurance cost and a reduced margin during tthey transition. However, as we get through tthey transition, we expect to return to a strong underwriting profit and targeted margins beginning in 2022 and continuing to grow into 2023. With that, I'll turn it over to Brad Martz. Brad Martz Thank you, Dan. And theyllo, ttheir is Brad Martz, President UPC -- CFO of UPC Insurance. I'm pleased to review UPC's financial results, but encourage everyone to review our press release, investor presentation and Form 10-Q for more information regarding tthey company's performance. While we're disappointed with our results so far ttheir transition year in some respects, Page 4 of our investor presentation summarizes good progress we've made delivering on several important strategic initiatives to reduce volatility and improve results. Our response to ttheyse challenges in our business is creating a foundation for profitable growth in future periods. Evidence of ttheir progress includes, but is not limited to, improvements in our reinsurance program that has significantly reduced our Group's net exposure to hurricane risk, underwriting actions to ensure rate adequacy and proper insurance to value that are expected to fuel significant increases in net premiums, reorganization of insurance operations to better connect information technology, underwriting, actuarial and analytics and our CAT modeling teams under tthey common leadership of our CIO, Chris Griffith, to ensure data and technology are at tthey theyart of our risk selection and exposure management processes going forward. And finally, we're proud of formalizing our ESG strategy and making certain commitments that we expect to improve decision-making, associate engagement and our results over time. For more information on our ESG strategy, you can refer to Page 15 of our investor presentation, and view our full report is available on our website. For tthey quarter ending June 30, 2021, tthey company reported a GAAP net loss of $23.5 million or $0.55 a share. On Page 5 of our investor presentation reconciles our core loss of $24.6 million or $0.57 a share to our underlying core earnings that exclude CAT and prior year development, which declined roughly $6 million or $0.14 a share year-over-year. Tthey decline in core earnings was primarily driven by 2 things: First, a $40 million decrease in net premium earned, which was partially offset by an $11 million decrease in policy acquisition costs resulting from reinsurance strategies designed to reduce operating leverage and retention of risk in our personal lines business. Tthey 100% session of our business in Connecticut, Massachusetts, New Jersey and Rhode Island, along with tthey inclusion of American Coastal insurance company in our 23% quota share are tthey biggest differences in ceded premium earned year-over-year. Second, a $16.4 million increase in net loss and loss adjustment expense, driven by CAT losses of just over $40 million compared to just under $30 million in tthey same period a year ago due to higtheyr gross losses and tthey absence of our now expired catastropthey aggregate program that ceded approximately $30 million of CAT losses in tthey second quarter of 2020. Direct premiums written for tthey quarter were almost flat year-over-year despite a significant decline in total insured values in personal lines, which was offset by strong growth in commercial lines. Page 6 of our investor presentation shows our evolving mix by line of business, but growth in commercial appears muted by tthey change in assumed premiums written that peaked over $104 million in 2018, but decreased to approximately $45 million in 2020 and will be 0 ttheir year due to those quota share reinsurance relationships being placed into runoff. Assumed premiums in tthey current quarter decreased by $12 million year-over-year, but that was offset by an increase of approximately $36 million in American Coastal's commercial residential business that continued to perform very well. Commercial Lines produced core income of roughly $4 million in tthey second quarter and $12 million year-to-date. Our results by line of business are shown on Page 8 of our investor supplement. Ceded earned premiums were $211 million, an increase of $52.3 million or 33% year-over-year, due mainly to more business being ceded via quota share reinsurance, which is partially offset by ceded losses and ceding commissions earned. Ottheyr items included in total revenues during tthey second quarter included $4 million of fee income, a decline slightly due to reduced personal lines policy count, investment income of $3.7 million, which declined $2.2 million due to lower yields and dividends from a smaller common stock portfolio and unrealized gains from equities of $2.4 million compared to over $20 million a year ago. UPC's second quarter net loss in LAE was $118.1 million, an increase of $16.4 million or 16% year-over-year. Catastropthey losses added nearly 28 points to our net loss and combined ratios, but reserve development was favorable and did not have a significant impact ttheir quarter. Page 10 of our investor presentation shows just how challenging tthey non-hurricane all of favorable CAT has been during tthey first half of tthey year. And while gross losses have increased, our reinsurance programs have responded to theylp contain our net losses, but tthey real long-term solution to mitigating CAT risk continues to be exposure management. Excluding ttheyse 2 items, our underlying loss in LAE was $78.2 million, up $5.5 million or 8% year-over-year. Ttheir produced an underlying net loss ratio of 53.7%, which was up 14.5 points from 39.2% in tthey second quarter last year, due primarily to tthey normalization of frequency and severity of non-CAT losses that were suppressed by tthey COVID lockdown last year. Page 11 of our investor presentation also illustrates some of tthey inflationary pressures we've seen on loss costs in tthey current accident year. UPC's operating expenses were $67.9 million, a decrease of $14.8 million year-over-year or 18%. Ttheir decline was driven mainly by higtheyr ceding commission income in tthey current quarter, which is reflected in lower acquisition costs. However, our net expense ratio increased roughly 2 points to 46.7% due to tthey increase in ceded premium churn. On tthey balance ttheyyet, UPC's assets totaled $3.1 billion, including cash and investments of approximately $1.2 billion. Tthey modified duration of our fixed income holdings decreased to 4.3 years, with our overall composite rating of A+ being unchanged. GAAP equity attributable to UIHC stockholders declined approximately 14% from year end to $339 million, with a book value per share of $7.85. Unrestricted liquidity at tthey holding company was approximately $28 million at quarter end, net of $17 million of additional capital committed to our pooled group during tthey second quarter. And our statutory surplus of our combined group was $294 million at June 30. That concludes our prepared remarks, and we're now happy to take any questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Greg Peters with Raymond James. Greg Peters I guess to start things off with on your exposure management strategy. I think you said, Dan, in your comments that you're targeting, by tthey end of September, to have it down 13% or 14%. And I'm wondering if ttheyre's ottheyr levers you can pull to drive it lower, furttheyr quicker, if that makes sense to you? Dan Peed Yes. Thanks, Greg. So tthey September 30 is wtheyn tthey -- like tthey Florida hurricane catastropthey fund and ottheyr things set. So that's how we kind of measure tthey exposure for ttheir year, and that's why it's been our target. We did target 13%. I don't have tthey numbers right at hand, but I believe we're atheyad of pace on that target. That, of course, is our exposure management of our main personal lines and commercial lines. But we have done ottheyr things such as tthey sale to HCI of tthey 4 Norttheyast states that obviously will reduce our exposure in an expedited manner. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr side of that equation, as we've discussed, is tthey increase or kind of dramatic increase in our reinsurance and moving our retentions down like we said from what was last year about, I think, $208 million to ttheir year, having an aggregate recruit companies of $31 million. And I remember our target on tthey first quarter call was $25 million versus second event and $70 million aggregate. So we actually improved upon on that number. But those things all are mitigating our exposure. Greg Peters Right. And ttheyn wtheyn I look at your press release, I think on Page 3, you talk about -- you disclosed tthey premium by state. And with what is such a challenging environment in Florida, it's tthey only state wtheyre you're showing positive change, yet I'm pretty sure you're dropping your TIV. So that's got to be -- tthey variance is just all rate, is that tthey right read on that? Dan Peed That's right. And tthey key thing happening ttheyre, if I remember what you're looking at is that tthey commercial and personal are togettheyr, and we're -- what we're growing, most dramatically from a rate perspective, is our American Coastal book, which is 100% in Florida. And so that moves those totals that you're seeing ttheyre. Greg Peters Yes. I guess just 2 more questions. First, I know -- I think I know what tthey answer is, but I'm just going to have you talk to it. And ttheir is tthey next page of your press release, Page 4, and ttheir is tthey table wtheyre you go through tthey underlying loss and LAE ratios. And with all tthey rate that you've thrown at tthey book, I was surprised to see such a dramatic deterioration in that ratio on a year-over-year basis. And I'm talking about tthey -- going from 39.2% last year. And obviously, that was probably -- COVID had a favorable influence on that number, but going to 53.7%, it seemed like it was running a little bit higtheyr than what I would have ordinarily expected. Dan Peed Yes. And I can comment on that. And we'll say that it's higtheyr than we expected. Obviously, we watch that underlying ratio as an important indicator as to how tthey book is doing, excluding CATs and prior year development. In ttheir quarter, specifically, and ttheyn ttheir half to, some degree, both tthey tthey non-CAT as well as tthey CAT claims seem to be bouncing back from tthey -- so tthey second quarter of 2020 was impacted by COVID by reducing tthey frequency and for that matter, severity, wtheyreas tthey second quarter of 2021 seems to have gotten tthey ottheyr end of that slingshot. We have tthey social inflation we've discussed with tthey litigation. And ttheyn we also have physical inflation. We added a slide, I think, in our investor supplement, showing like tthey price of lumber, which I believe our short-term supply-demand imbalances. But we're incurring those costs as we adjust our claims, as we go through tthey first half of ttheir year. So I think that -- I mean, I won't say that, that is just an interim thing, but I do think it's being impacted by tthey rebound from COVID. Greg Peters Got it. And tthey final question I have is tthey whole group is under tremendous pressure and strain due to tthey results that everyone has had to deal with and capital becomes an important metric theyre wtheyn we think about, both gross and earned. And I was wondering if you could give us an updated perspective on given what was a horrible first half, but it should be a better second half, considering your new reinsurance program? I mean, can you give us a perspective on how you're positioned, capital-wise, through tthey end of tthey year? Dan Peed Yes, sure. So Brad mentioned that our unrestricted liquidity is about $28 million, and that's net of $17 million, that was contributed to tthey stat companies in tthey second quarter. Capital raising is something we watch all tthey time. We watch with tthey Board of Directors, and that is under evaluation. And one of our alternatives along with potentially at increased quota share. Obviously, tthey project patriot in selling tthey 4 states, destresses capital. Tthey exposure management that we've talked about being both tthey trimming of our outwards portfolio by 10% to 15%, but also a material increase in our ceded reinsurance premium, which, of course, decreases our net written premium. We've also announced last quarter that we were exploring tthey potential divestiture of Interboro. Ttheyse things are all really designed to reduce capital or, as you mentioned, raise capital. So I think that, that's under evaluation, and it stays under continuous evaluation by tthey Board. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Elyse Greenspan My first question is just as we think about just inflationary trends and higtheyr loss costs that you guys discussed, how do you think about just as we think about tthey underlying loss ratio kind of trending throughout tthey rest of tthey year? Dan Peed Yes, thanks, Elyse. I guess I'll take that one and that's kind of what Greg asked just now. We do expect that to trend much more favorably through tthey second half of ttheir year, noticing that our non-named CAT really is all incurred in tthey first and second quarters -- or not all, but say 90%. And ttheyn that's dramatically reduced in tthey third and fourth quarters. And our exposure in tthey third and fourth quarters is tthey hurricanes which we feel that we've kind of crowd, given tthey retentions that we put on our hurricane protection. So we are -- along with tthey rate increases I mentioned that we feel like we'll average, 20% or even slightly over 20% in tthey third quarter on our personal lines. And wtheyn we combine those, we certainly would hope to see that underlying combined ratio go down. Elyse Greenspan And as we think about, I guess, like a rate leading to earn in, I guess, can you just theylp us in future directory, do you expect to see some of tthey improvement ttheir year and ttheyn incrementally more improvement once we get into 2022? Dan Peed Absolutely. So we've been with about a 10%, 10.4%, I think average rate increase on personal lines book for probably at least 4 quarters or 5 quarters. It's still kind of escalating from that, like I mentioned, 20% in Q3, and that reverts -- ttheyre's some overlapping rate increases in Q3, but ttheyn that reverts to about 15% in Q4, in Q1 and Q2. So those will earn through tthey portfolio. And we are already 1 to 2 years into ttheir process. It just seems to take a long time, but we actually started quite a while ago. Brad Martz Elyse, ttheir is Brad. I would just add Page 14 of our investor supplement. Lays out a pretty nice road map of exactly what Dan is talking about and how it's trending and what tthey current run rate is. Elyse Greenspan Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn as we think about, I guess, just kind of topline growth, right, as you get a good amount of rate and ttheyn kind of, as you're rejiggering tthey business mix. How should we think about policy and premium growth kind of trending from theyre? Dan Peed Yes. So I think that if -- we should definitely think about 2 things. One is personal lines business and tthey ottheyr is commercial. So for personal lines, we would expect probably about a 10% to 20% reduction due to tthey exposure management with about a 15% average rate increase through tthey year. So you're getting about a flat premium on tthey shrinking exposure base of our personal lines business and that excludes, of course, tthey 4 states that we have sold in tthey Norttheyast. On tthey commercial lines business, we would expect about a 15% to 20% rate increase. We hit 18% ttheir last quarter and with a consistent exposure base. So that gives us a topline growth ttheyre in tthey 15% to 20% on tthey commercial lines. Elyse Greenspan That's theylpful. And ttheyn I know last quarter, I think you guys have seen some additional movement in your Irma losses, those kind of theyld steady at ttheir point? Brad Martz Yes. No increase to Irma in tthey second quarter. We feel good with our ultimate and still have approximately $239 million worth of IBNR reserves on top of $120 million of case reserves. So no concerns about Irma at tthey moment. Elyse Greenspan Okay. And ttheyn I'm assuming, quarter-to-date, it seems like you haven't seen that much on tthey CAT loss front, but obviously, recognizing right, like you approach tthey peak of hurricane season at tthey end of ttheir month, but has ttheyre been anything just from a third quarter perspective that you guys are kind of monitoring on tthey CAT loss side? Brad Martz We've had events at Elsa, did impact Florida and a few ottheyr states. But we've got a little less than 300 claims and don't expect it to be a significant event for us. Operator [Operator Instructions] Ladies and gentlemen, we have reactheyd to tthey end of question-and-answer session, and I will now turn tthey call over to Dan Peed for closing remarks. Dan Peed Thank you. And with that, we'll wrap up our call for today. I want to thank our entire team for ttheyir tireless efforts and also thanks to all of you for joining our call today. Thanks again. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference, and you may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation, have a wonderful evening.