United Insurance Holdings Corp (UIHC) Q3 2018 Results Earnings Conference Call November 1, 2018 5:00 PM ET Executives Adam Prior - IR John Forney - CEO Brad Martz - CFO Analysts Greg Peters - Raymond James Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Christoptheyr Campbell - KBW Operator Greetings and welcome to tthey United Insurance Holdings Corp. Third Quarter 2018 Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Adam Prior of tthey Equity Group. Please go atheyad, Adam. Adam Prior Thank you, Kevin and good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us. You can find copies of UPC's earnings release today at www.upcinsurance.com in tthey Investor Relations section. You're also welcome to contact our office at 212-836-9606 and we'd be happy to send you a copy. In addition, UPC Insurance has made ttheir broadcast available on its website. Before we get started, I'd like to read tthey following statement on behalf of tthey company. Except with respect to theirtorical information, statements made in ttheir conference call constitute forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws, including statements relating to trends in tthey company's operations and financial results in tthey business and tthey products of tthey company and subsidiaries. Actual results from UPC may differ materially from those anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements as a result of risks and uncertainties, including those described from time-to-time in UPC's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. UPC specifically disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future developments, or ottheyrwise. With that, I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Mr. John Forney, UPC's Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad John. John Forney Thanks Adam. Ttheir is John Forney, President and CEO of UPC Insurance. With me today is Brad Martz, our Chief Financial Officer. On behalf of everyone at UPC, we appreciate your taking time to join us on tthey call. We probably should have had ttheir call yesterday on Halloween since our quarter had both treats and tricks in it, but theyre we go. On tthey positive side, we continue to produce strong organic growth. Our earned premium was up over 13% year-over-year. Both personal and commercial lines have contributed to that growth. On tthey personal lines side, tthey growth has been spread across our geographic footprint with tthey Norttheyast being particularly strong. At tthey end of Q3, over 60% of our personal lines policies were outside of Florida. On tthey commercial lines side, premium growth in tthey quarter was over 10% with no degradation in rate. That growth trend in commercial has been accelerating, which is testimony to tthey strength and perseverance of tthey AmRisc team that underwrites and distributes our American Coastal products. Anottheyr positive; our hurricane response, both operationally and financially, has been outstanding. Operationally, according to data provided to us by Verisk Analytics, our response time on Florence was 30% faster than tthey industry. And on Michael, it was over 50% faster than tthey industry. It's no wonder that ttheir time around, I have been seeing a stream of e-mails from our agents and policyholders praising tthey service ttheyy've received from Scott St. John and their world-class cat team, led by Tim Cotton. Financially, our reinsurance program and our reinsurance partners have excelled. We buy more first-event reinsurance limits than any ottheyr Florida-domiciled company, even those with far more exposure in tthey state than we have. So, program exhaustion is not something we worry about. We're one of tthey very few companies wtheyre Irma never got into a single-digit rate online reinsurance layer. And since we don't buy reinstated limit, we never have to worry about surprise reinstatement premiums impacting our results. At tthey bottom of our program, which is wtheyre all tthey action has been over tthey past couple of years, we bought an ex-Florida retention buy-down that theylped limit our retained Florence losses. We appreciate tthey amazing support we've received from our reinsurance partners and we're committed to a long-term win-win partnership with ttheym. Tthey final and most significant positive note for tthey quarter was our launch of Journey Insurance Company. We have been on a journey to create tthey premier specialized property cat insurer in tthey country and we're making good progress. From a $200 million Florida homeowners carrier six years ago, we have become a $1.2 billion geographically and product-diversified firm with business in 12 states. We are tthey 19th largest homeowners' writer in tthey country and tthey number one insurer of commercial habitational property in Florida. Best of all, we've achieved that growth while producing all-in cat and non-cat loss ratios better than tthey industry average in almost all of our states. So far, we've been able to accomplish all that with just tthey Demotech rating. But we are already tthey largest Demotech carrier in tthey United States and we have long felt that we needed to have a complement of A.M. Best-rated products in our offering portfolio as we continue on our journey. Tthey formation of Journey Insurance Company, which marks tthey fifth insurance company in tthey UPC family, achieves that goal. Journey is also significant because we formed it in partnership with Tokio Marine Kiln, a company for whom we have great respect and with whom we look forward to growing a long-term strategic partnership. We will use Journey, which received an A- rating from A.M. Best, to write both personal lines and commercial lines business. Initially, our focus will be on Florida, Texas, and South Carlina, three states we know quite well and have a long track record in. But that will be just tthey beginning. We have already filed our first product and hope to begin writing business before tthey end of 2018. At tthey same time, we will continue to grow our Demotech companies in ttheyir states and product areas. On tthey negative side of tthey ledger, we had unusually high non-cat losses during tthey quarter, especially in August, and to a lesser degree, in July. While Q3 typically has higtheyr non-cat weattheyr losses than ottheyr quarters and that was true for our Q3, tthey real driver of our elevated non-cat losses was tthey disproportionately high number of claims and large losses unrelated to weattheyr. For example, we had 11 liability large losses in tthey quarter versus two in Q2 and none in Q1. Large loss incurred overall for tthey quarter was $10 million higtheyr than last year's Q3, which had a more typical experience. We also received 19% more non-cat claims in August than last year, more than double tthey average increase for ottheyr months ttheir year. Tthey good news is that ttheyse results do not appear to represent a trend. After August bad experience, September dropped back to normal levels. And October was even better than that. It's important to note that none of tthey loss experience is related to adverse development as our non-cat reserves were slightly redundant for tthey quarter. Still, we remain vigilant in our underwriting and rate actions to make sure we can stay atheyad of loss cost in our portfolio. We implemented double-digit rate increases in three of our states ttheir year, single-digit in a few ottheyrs and we are continuously doing rate indications and filings as needed. At ttheir point, I'd like to turn it over to Brad for their remarks. Brad Martz Thank you, John. And theyllo, ttheir is Brad Martz, tthey CFO of UPC Insurance and I'm pleased to review tthey financial highlights. But before we get to those, I would like to remind and encourage everyone to review our press release and Form 10-Q for more information regarding our results. Highlights of UPC's third quarter 2018 included gross premiums earned of roughly $304 million, an increase of over 13%; a GAAP net loss of $11.7 million or $0.27 a share; non-GAAP core loss of $14.9 million or $0.35 a share. Both bottom-line measures were driven by net retained cat losses of $34.6 million or $0.60 a share, which added over 20 points to tthey combined ratio. As John mentioned, it was certainly a difficult quarter from a loss perspective, so I'll discuss that in more detail along with our initial guidance for Hurricane Michael in a moment. Some additional insight into UPC's revenue for tthey quarter includes direct premiums written were a mix of 80% personal lines and 20% commercial lines. Commercial lines grew approximately 13% year-over-year, slightly faster than personal lines at just over 10%. Roughly 53% of our growth in direct written premium came from Florida. And tthey Norttheyast region was our fastest-growing, up 16% year-over-year led by New York. Assumed commercial excess and surplus lines premiums grew nearly 80% to $17.2 million in tthey third quarter. Our investment income increased 41% year-over-year and ottheyr revenue decreased $10 million or 73% due to tthey change in our presentation of ceding commissions earned that we implemented and disclosed last quarter. UPC's third quarter losses decreased approximately 16% from $143.1 million last year to $120.6 million ttheir year due to tthey full -- two full retentions incurred from Hurricanes Harvey and Irma in 2017. Ttheir produced a 39.7% gross loss ratio, down over 13 points from 53.4% last year. Net retained cat losses in tthey current quarter from Hurricane Florence totaled $25 million, and tthey remaining $9.6 million was due primarily to tthey increased retention under tthey company's aggregate reinsurance program, which was expected. UPC did see continued favorable reserve development on prior accident years and recognized roughly $2.7 million during tthey current calendar quarter. Excluding tthey impact of net retained catastropthey losses and favorable reserve development, UPC's gross and net underlying loss ratios were up over six and 11 points respectively compared to a year ago. Tthey increase in underlying non-cat losses is a challenging comparison to tthey prior year for two primary reason reasons: First, UPC's non-cat losses were abnormally low last year due to hurricanes Harvey and Irma impacting UPC's two largest states, Florida and Texas. Second, we saw frequency and severity of large losses, both in personal lines and commercial lines above normal during tthey current quarter. Of tthey $27 million increase in underlying non-cat losses, approximately $12 million or 44% came from personal lines, fire, and liability-related losses in multiple states and tthey ottheyr $15 million or 56% was driven by commercial property losses in Florida. Hurricane Michael, our second hurricane event of tthey year, made landfall in Florida during October and is not included in our loss results for tthey third quarter. UPC expects to retain between $25 million and $35 million of losses in tthey fourth quarter of 2018 related to Michael. We are providing a range because our net retention for Michael will depend on tthey gross loss for Hurricane Florence, which is currently estimated at $70 million. If our ultimate gross loss from Florence is less than $70 million, UPC's Michael retained loss could be toward tthey higtheyr end of tthey range since our retention for tthey second event is dependent on how much reinsurance is eroded from tthey first event. UPC's non-loss operating expenses increased $7.8 million or approximately 11% year-over-year during tthey current quarter, driven by a $7.7 million or 16% increase in policy acquisition costs, which were consistent with premium growth. All ottheyr operating expenses combined were flat year-over-year and resulted in slight improvements in our gross and net expense ratios. On an underlying basis, operating cost increased $17.9 million year-over-year, excluding ceding commissions in tthey same period a year ago. Tthey underlying expense ratios are not a perfect comparison between tthey current and prior period given tthey current year bifurcation of ceding commissions between policy acquisition cost and ceded earned premiums. UPC's policy acquisition cost, as a percentage of gross and net earned premiums, did rise year-over-year due to premium growth in commercial lines and personal lines outside of Florida, wtheyre our acquisition expenses are generally higtheyr than tthey business overall. On tthey balance ttheyyet, UPC ended tthey quarter with total assets of over $2.3 billion, including nearly $1.2 billion of cash and invested assets. Unrestricted liquidity at tthey holding company decreased to approximately $72 million at tthey end of tthey current quarter, primarily as a result of tthey $40 million contribution made to form Journey Insurance Company. Non-controlling interest is a new item for tthey company and represents Tokio Marine Kiln's equity investment in Journey. Shareholders' equity attributable to UIHC shareholders decreased just under $529 million with a book value per share of $12.33. Our combined statutory surplus for tthey group increased to $484 million at tthey end of tthey third quarter, including Journey's statutory capital and surplus. I'd now like to reintroduce John for some closing remarks. John Forney Thank you, Brad. One day after tthey end of tthey quarter, we welcomed Chris Griffith as our new Chief Information Officer. Chris joined us from Safety National, and they has had a lot of relevant insurance industry experience. Chris brings great technical and leadership skills to UPC and we look forward to their contributions as we continue to drive efforts to use technology as a competitive advantage for our company. With that, we will conclude our prepared remarks and we are happy to answer any questions that anyone has. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We'll be now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Greg Peters from Raymond James. Your line is now live. Greg Peters Good afternoon. Thank you for tthey call. I guess just starting off, you talked about your new entity, a rated entity, Journey, and your relationship with Tokio Kiln, and I'm curious if that is affected at all by tthey RenRe acquisition of ttheyir reinsurance platform? John Forney Thank you, Greg. Ttheir is John and that's actually a very good and timely question. Tthey answer is no, it's not impacted at all by ttheyir sale of Tokio Millennium Re to RenRe. Ttheir is a completely separate entity that we're dealing with and that transaction has no impact whatsoever on our relationship with Tokio Marine on Journey. Greg Peters Perfect. And ttheyn just I know, Brad, you talked about your guess around what tthey retention might be for Michael. I know its early days. Do you have an idea on tthey gross loss? And ttheyn piggybacking on that, can you talk a little bit about your expectations for reinsurance pricing, especially in ttheyse lower layers? It looked like ttheyy're going to get hit for tthey second year in a row. Brad Martz Actually, tthey third year in a row. We've had five major events. John Forney But who's counting? Brad Martz In 25 months, it's not impressive. Gross losses over $1 billion; net retained, almost $170 million in 25 months, a pretty remarkable run. Tthey modeled expected loss for Michael varies anywtheyre from $50 million to $120 million. We'll probably record tthey initial gross loss towards probably above tthey top of that range given some of tthey development we saw in tthey previous events in Florida, just to be conservative. Greg Peters And ttheyn just on tthey outlook, I lost count obviously of tthey cat losses you guys have reported, but some perspective on what your reinsurance partners are talking about in terms of price for next year. And I know it's early still, but I'm sure ttheyre's noise in tthey marketplace on ttheir already. John Forney I'll take a stab at that, Greg, it's John. Of course, ttheyre's noise in tthey marketplace. But noise isn't tthey same thing as information and so it's hard to deciptheyr all of that. I'll just say we truly have partnerships with our reinsurers. We buy over $3 billion of property cat, which we've seen statistics that say that makes us one of tthey 10 largest buyers of U.S. property cat reinsurance in tthey world. And tthey ottheyr nine on that list are AIG and Allstate and State Farm and Liberty Mutual and all tthey big guys, and ttheyn ttheyre's us. So, we're very important partner to tthey reinsurance community and ttheyy to us, obviously. So, we don't -- we're not transactional. We're strategic with ttheym. And if you look at our reinsurance panel over tthey last five years, tthey average return, even with tthey three years of cat losses that our reinsurers have earned, it's between 6% and 9%, a positive depending on tthey reinsurer. And so ttheyy've earned decent returns and almost all of that is collateralized, so those are tthey kind of returns ttheyy're looking for even including all tthey cat losses. So, we have a win-win relationship with our reinsurers. We never try to be tthey lowest price program out ttheyre because we know we want to be in it for tthey long term. So, we're not -- we're going to do what makes sense for us and for ttheym, but we're both looking at it as a long-term relationship and not, let's see if we can, eittheyr on our side to try to see if we can get a few points off on tthey upper layers because tthey upper layers haven't been hit, by tthey way, on our program in any of those three years. Or -- and I know ttheyy're not thinking, well, we're going to try to get UPC for everything we've got on tthey lower layer, which has been hit, as Brad said, three years in a row. We'll do something fair. It's really impossible to say what that might be right now, but I'm confident we'll end up with a deal that makes sense for us and for ttheym. Greg Peters Thank you for those answers. And just tthey one final question on tthey underlying loss in LAE ratio, which, as you have pointed out, is ticking up. As you're probably aware, ottheyr homeowners' insurance companies have talked about some erosion in tthey underlying profitability of ttheyir business. And I'm curious, one, if you feel like you're getting selected against in your -- with tthey risk that you are taking on. And two, are you doing anything on tthey right front? And that's my last series of questions. John Forney Okay. Well, I would tell you we look very closely at our results state-by-state. And as I mentioned on tthey call, our loss ratios, direct loss ratios, including cat and non-cat are below industry averages in -- of tthey nine states that comprise 95% of our business. For tthey last three years, each year, below industry averages usually significantly in seven of tthey nine states. Tthey only two states wtheyre ttheyre is slightly above industry averages are Rhode Island, which is a very small state for us, and ironically, Florida. And tthey reason ttheyy're higtheyr in Florida ttheyn tthey industry average is because we have tthey ability to retain more cat losses than many of tthey smaller companies in Florida and so we do. And that's what causes our direct loss ratio in those three years to be slightly higtheyr. Everywtheyre else, we're below what's happening in that state for ottheyr companies. And so we don't see any evidence of being adversely selected against. As I mentioned in my remarks at tthey beginning, we have taken a lot of rate action. And I saw comments on anottheyr call recently from someone; I think it might have been tthey Chubb folks that said rate isn't necessarily tthey answer to everything. We couldn't agree with that more. We're taking rate wtheyre we need it. But we're also using technology to theylp improve our underwriting. We're rolling out a new proprietary predictive analytics tool, that we've been working on for year and a half ttheir quarter that we've been back-testing against 10 years of data that we think is going to be quite powerful in theylping us improve our underwriting results everywtheyre, even in states wtheyre we already have great results. And we are taking rate as needed and doing ottheyr things on a technology standpoint to make sure that we're staying on top of trends. But again, tthey last thing I'll say on ttheir, if you look at tthey results and we spend a lot of time looking at tthey results theyre in tthey last month to make -- tthey results for August were just such an outlier from any ottheyr month we've ever seen. And certainly, if that had continued into September and October, we would be concerned and we would tell you ttheyre's a trend that doesn't look good. It did not happen at all if you look at tthey charts that we looked at. It dropped right back down to what we would expect. And October was quite a good month from a non-cat perspective, September was also very good. So, we don't see anything like what happened in August repeating itself since ttheyn. Greg Peters Thank you for your answers. Operator Thank you. Our next question is coming from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Your line is now live. Elyse Greenspan Hi, thanks. My first question, I guess, picking up from wtheyre we kind of left off in terms of tthey underlying loss ratio. So, can you guys -- so I guess, tthey point is August was that much worse because tthey underlying loss ratio is above wtheyre you've been in many, many years. And so can you give us a sense, how does October look wtheyn you say that everything kind of reverted more back to normal? Just give us a sense, would you expect, all things considered, that tthey Q4 would go back down kind of in line with tthey first and tthey second quarter? Brad Martz Hi, Elyse, ttheir is Brad. Yes, that's absolutely right. Everyone needs to recognize tthey seasonality in our business. And third quarter is always our tougtheyst from a loss perspective. Q4 is generally one of our better quarters, so I absolutely would expect a gross underlying loss ratio comparable to what we saw in tthey first and second quarter. John Forney And I agree with that, Elyse. And it really wasn't just seasonality. As I mentioned, seasonality is one thing. But tthey 11 liability -- large liability losses, wtheyn we typically have zero or one in a quarter drove several million dollars of cost that we just haven't seen before, and it's not being repeated. So, ttheyre were some very strange sort of fluky things in one month, which is why -- wtheyre you can't get overly excited or concerned about one month or one quarter. You've got to look at tthey longer term trends, and ttheyre's -- I'm confident that our book is better than it's ever been. And our underwriting is better than it's been, and claims is better than it's been. And ttheyre's no reason to think we're not going to go back to wtheyre we were, if not better. Elyse Greenspan So, those 11 claims that you referenced, those all were in August and ttheyy were all spread across different states or were ttheyy confined more to Florida? John Forney All 11 weren't in August. I think ttheyre were seven in August but ttheyy were spread out all over. We looked at all tthey big -- crazy numbers from August and some in July to try to see if ttheyre was a common ttheyme, and ttheyre really wasn't. Brad Martz Yes, I would just add that we saw tthey higtheyst frequency of large losses; we characterize tthey large losses as anything over $100,000 in our theirtory as well. So, it goes to John's point, wtheyre it's just highly unusual, clearly not something we expect to persist. And that drove a severity change, if you compare our severity ttheir quarter to tthey same period a year ago. It was up 17%, completely abnormal. Elyse Greenspan And so wtheyn we're thinking about what falls within and outside of your cat definition, is your cat definition tied to losses that you have from PCS events? Brad Martz Generally, yes. But sometimes, ttheyre are non-PCS events that do trigger our threshold being greater than $1 million. Elyse Greenspan Okay. So, tthey $1 million-- John Forney Greater than $1 million and multiple losses. Like one house worth $1 million or $1.5 million that burned down would not be categorized as a cat. It has to be multiple losses and more than $1 million, and almost all of ttheym are PCS events in our catalog. Elyse Greenspan Okay, great. And ttheyn your G&A expenses were a bit higtheyr than wtheyre, I guess, I had been modeling. And I think Brad, you had pointed to kind of tthey expense most -- for tthey most part kind of being in line with expected, but G&A did pick up sequentially, anything ttheyre? Or is it just maybe tthey Q2 was just -- was rolled for some reason? Brad Martz In Q3, so for example, we received assessments from quasi-governmental organizations like tthey North Carlina JUA, FAIR Plan, that was $1 million in tthey quarter. We started a new contingent commission arrangements with some of our top producers. So, we put up a very conservative initial accrual for that. We've had ottheyr agent incentives, continued hit -- growth investments in technology, but nothing out of tthey ordinary. No, I mean, tthey only -- ttheyre's probably a couple of million dollars in nonrecurring in ttheyre from tthey assessments and contingency. But overall, tthey run rate and tthey guidance on a gross expense ratio between 25 and 27 is really tthey range. Elyse Greenspan Okay, great. And ttheyn last question, I'm sorry, just go back to tthey underlying margin. Since it sounds like it's all kind of non-cat weattheyr in tthey quarter, ttheyre was no any kind of true-up for wtheyre you were setting your picks from earlier in tthey year in tthey third quarter, correct? Brad Martz Correct. Elyse Greenspan All right. Thank you very much. Appreciate tthey color. John Forney Thank you, Elyse. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question today is coming from Christoptheyr Campbell from KBW. Your line is now live. Christoptheyr Campbell Yes, hi, good evening gentlemen. John Forney Good evening Chris. Christoptheyr Campbell I guess I'm going to pile on tthey core loss ratio again. But I think John mentioned about $10 million of abnormally large losses. And if we back out that number from tthey one --- or from ttheir quarter's number, we still have like a 46% core loss ratio, which is still up about 600 bps year-over-year. So, I guess, what's driving that 600 bps of, I guess, I'd call it more attritional deterioration? John Forney As we said earlier, it was -- most of it is driven by tthey abnormally high level of large losses. But I pointed out in August; we received 20% more non-cat claims than we did a year ago. Tthey average at every ottheyr month ttheir year has been about 8% more claims. So, ttheyre was some non-cat weattheyr and ttheyre was just -- we just had a month and a half, wtheyre we had a lot of claims reported in it. As I said, that dropped right back down in September and into October. Ttheyre's nothing we can point to, to say ttheir is exactly tthey cause. We had a lot of claims for a lot of different reasons. And -- but it seemed to be limited in its duration and it's not happened in tthey last couple of months. Christoptheyr Campbell Okay, got it. And ttheyn can we get an update on your Irma gross loss numbers? John Forney We don't have a change in our Irma gross loss number from wtheyre we were. Christoptheyr Campbell Okay, got it. John Forney At ttheir point, we're continuing to see modest amounts of new claims, nothing like we've seen ottheyr people report and some limited reopens. But we're starting to see some of that die off and we've been doing a very good job on those claims. But we're not revisiting tthey number that we have out ttheyre right now. We'll just have to see how things go in November and December. Christoptheyr Campbell Okay, that makes sense. And just kind of just a question on tthey tower. Like how much limit is remaining? And I know you guys have a collateralized piece of that. So, would all tthey collateralized reinsurance that you would have had in place wtheyn Irma hit, would all that still be available and just has any of that collateral been released? Brad Martz For tthey 2018, 2019 program, no. I mean we basically got almost all of our limit left for tthey current catastropthey excess of loss programs. Florence hit our underlying layer and our non-Florida excess of loss layer, tthey $35 million ex $35 million, so that's gone. But it doesn't matter because as that gets eroded, tthey program cascades down to its retention of $35 million. And depending on what tthey gross Michael loss is, even if its $200 million, it's really -- it puts just a tiny dent in a $3.1 billion tower. Christoptheyr Campbell Got it. And what about tthey 2017 program, tthey one for Irma, would any of that collateral have been released? Brad Martz We have released some collateral on tthey very upper layers, wtheyre we're highly confident that ttheyre would be no potential for session. Yes, ttheyre has been collateral release, but tthey gross loss and tthey reinsurance recoverables we have are fully collateralized today and we have no concerns about credit risk or collateral. John Forney And keep in mind tthey-- Christoptheyr Campbell Okay. And like how high would, like, tthey gross loss have to be like in tthey tower for that to even be like an issue for you guys? Like, if you had to take adverse development before you got to tthey top? John Forney It would have to more than double from wtheyre it is right now, okay. And number one, that still would not be an issue for us because we have provisions that enable us to fall back collateral. We've actually done that and it works quite easily within a matter of three or four days with our partners. And so it's just not -- it's not a concern and it's not an issue for us. Christoptheyr Campbell Okay. So, if it creeped up, if it creeped up more than double, you would have a, like, your partners want you to be able to get tthey collateral back to fill back in that tower? John Forney Yes. Christoptheyr Campbell Okay, got it. And ttheyn just one final one on tthey favorable development year-over-year, what was kind of driving that? I noticed that was a little bit higtheyr. Brad Martz Conservative reserving philosophy. That's what's driving it. We want to aim to be slightly redundant. We don't always achieve that goal. But we see favorable trends in frequency. Frequency is relatively flat. I mean does it bounce around? Of course. But frequency has not been our challenge. It's all been on tthey severity side. And tthey runoff of tthey prior accident years is -- tthey actual development is better than tthey expected. Christoptheyr Campbell Got it. All right. Well, thanks for all tthey answers. John Forney Thank you, Chris. Operator Thank you. We've reactheyd tthey end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn tthey floor back over to management for any furttheyr or closing comments. John Forney As always, we appreciate everyone's interest in UPC and your taking time to join us on tthey call. We look forward to being with you again in a few months to talk about tthey results of Q4. So, thanks everybody. Operator Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.