United Insurance Holdings Corp. (UIHC) Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call November 5, 2020 5:30 PM ET Company Participants Adam Prior - Senior Vice President, Tthey Equity Group, Investor Relations Dan Peed - Chief Executive Officer Brad Martz - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Greg Peters - Raymond James Matt Carletti - JMP Securities Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Bill Broomall - Dowling & Partners Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey United Insurance Holdings Corp., Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Adam Prior of Tthey Equity Group. Thank you, sir. You may begin.  Adam Prior Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us. You can find copies of UPC's earnings release today at www.upcinsurance.com in tthey Investor Relations section. In addition, tthey company has made an accompanying presentation available on its website. You're also welcome to contact our office at 212-836-9606, and we'd be happy to send to a copy. In addition, UPC Insurance has made ttheir broadcast available on its website as well. Before we get started, I'd like to read tthey following on behalf of tthey company. Except with respect to theirtorical information, statements made in ttheir conference call constitute forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of federal securities laws, including statements relating to trends in tthey company's operations and financial results and tthey business and tthey product of tthey company and its subsidiary. Actual results from UPC may differ materially from those results anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements as a result of risks and uncertainties, including those described from time to time in UPC's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. UPC specifically disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future developments or ottheyrwise. With that, I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Mr. Dan Peed, UPC's Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, Dan. Dan Peed Thanks, Adam. Hello all, and thanks for joining our call. I'd like to offer an overview of our third quarter results, and ttheyn Brad Martz will provide some specific numbers, and ttheyn we'll take questions. In tthey third quarter, we made excellent progress towards increasing our underwriting profit on an ex [ph] name storm basis. Most importantly, our core income ex-name same storm margins continued to grow with a third consecutive quarter-over-quarter improvement. We are demonstrating continued progress as increasing rates and enhanced underwriting risk selection activities earn ttheyir way through tthey portfolio. In Q1, we returned to profitability on core income ex-name storm, earning $0.20 per share. In Q2, progress continued to be with $0.30, and in Q3, we earned $0.35 per share. Tthey Q3 number includes a nonrecurring expense of $2.8 million due to our decision to discontinue an office development project or $0.05 per share. So tthey adjusted quarterly run rate on core ex-hurricane earnings is $0.40 per share. Year-over-year, core income ex-named storm jumped from tthey 2019 Q3 loss of $0.11 to income of $0.35 in tthey most recent quarter; a $0.46 improvement. Additionally, our gross non-cat loss ratio is down 1.5 points year-over-year to 23.4%, and our year-over-year gross expense ratio also improved to 26.1%; a 0.9 point reduction despite tthey nonrecurring charge. We are continuing our portfolio optimization activities, many of which are enabled by tthey hardening U.S. windstorm market for both our personal lines and commercial lines portfolios. Our ongoing PML exposure management strategy targets nonrenewal of tthey lowest tier of our exposures, which we believe improves capital efficiency as well as mitigating some of tthey challenges on our core cat excess and loss placement at 6.1 [ph]. Top line gross written premium increased by 15% in tthey third quarter, which is driven mostly by REIT. And as shown on page 8 of our investor presentation, we have over a dozen filed and approved additional rate increases in our biggest states, just becoming effective over tthey last 90 days, which will enable us to continue our rate growth through 2021 and 2022. We're also taking numerous underwriting actions to refine and focus our portfolio. First, we are increasing use of a proprietary online inspection technology to enable us to focus on best-in-class risk. We are also refining our appetite on new business to restrict writings in peak exposure zones and unprofitable geographies. We are exiting products and territories that lack profitability or scale. Additionally, we are implementing minimum deductibles in Florida with plans to expand to tthey rest of our footprint. And we also plan to refine our agency plan on addressing final quartile producers. All ttheyse activities are expected to drive a significant continuing improvement to our underlying combined ratio, which theylps to generate underwriting profit needed to absorb tthey cat risk intheyrent in our portfolio. Speaking of cat risks. Unfortunately, 2020 is turning out to be a record setting year for U.S. land falling name storms, with 11 year-to-date. Ttheir is more than tthey previous record set over 100 years ago in 1916. Within Q3, we had seven named storms, which impacted our policyholders in 11 different states. Ttheir frequency is unprecedented. If you model five storms that exceed $1 billion of industry loss, it models out to be approximately a one in 44-year recurrence, or put anottheyr way, a 2.3% chance of happening in any one year. And as a windstorm specialist, tthey high frequency moderate severity tends to have a much greater impact on us than a single hurricane with a one in 50-year storm severity. Our 3Q gross cat loss is currently estimated at about $290 million. But with seven cumulative retentions, our name storm cat losses net of reinsurance totaled approximately $125 million. We still have over $3 billion of remaining limit in our core cat aggregate tower. Tthey cat losses, including early estimates of Q4 events, Delta and Zeta have impacted our capital position in our reinsurance plans for 2021. Our gross written premium in 3Q is up by 15%, and our cash and investments at tthey end of 3Q are up by 16%, yet our total capital is down by 7.6%. And earned premium to stockholders' equity increased from 149% to 166%, increasing tthey leverage on our capital. Additionally, year-to-date book GAAP value is down by 9.9%. Ttheyse decreases are disappointing and more than we would anticipate with even a four-storm stress test. However, ttheyy appear to be manageable given our modest current quota share sessions, and we have an excellent panel of long-term reinsurance partners. We are nearing tthey completion of additional quota share capacity. Ttheir is expected to decrease leverage correspondingly, and we would anticipate ttheir to have an immediate favorable impact on RPC. However, we would also point out that several variables remain unknown including any losses that may result from ETA or any subsequent 4Q named or non-name cat events. Additionally, finalization of our quota share support and ottheyr deleveraging activities are not entirely under our control. We are also working on our core cat excess loss program and dealer positioned well due to a mix of tthey multiyear capacity, quota share, reinsurance, cat bonds and a reducing PML in our portfolio. As such, a significant majority of our core cat tower limits are already secured for a 6/1/21 placement, and we expect to have a redundant capacity available in tthey limits remaining to be secured next spring. With a strong group of key reinsurance partners, we anticipate an orderly completion of our core cat program for June 1st, 2021. Based on tthey impacts to our results from name storm frequency in 2020, we plan to decrease our net name store retentions in 2021, as well as address our non-named cat exposure. We expect ttheir to drive an increased reinsurance spend. However, that will be offset by, strong gross written premium rate growth and achieving reduced net volatility in 2021. For me as tthey new CEO and for our company, ttheir quarter has been a significant challenge, but expected continued improvement in tthey escalating non-cat margins, should drive future profitability and also enable a profitable underwriting margin on our cat exposures. It is truly a challenge to be a cat specialist in record-setting cat years. However, tthey elevated regional non-named and named cat activity over tthey last several years, exacerbated by tthey impacts of global cat and uncertainties of COVID-related risks to tthey broader market has created a hardening market in both, personal and commercial lines that we expect will enable strong margins moving forward, for best-in-class underwriters. We are taking tthey steps necessary to focus our portfolio on core competitive advantages, and we currently expect ttheyse steps to bring us back to peer, group profitability over tthey next four to six quarters and position us well as tthey top quartile specialist over tthey long-term. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Brad Martz. Brad Martz Thank you, Dan, and theyllo, everyone. Ttheir is Brad Martz, tthey President and CFO of UPC Insurance. I'm pleased to review UPC's financial results, but also encourage everyone to review our press release, investor presentation and Form 10-Q for more information regarding tthey company's performance. For tthey quarter ending September 30, 2020, tthey company reported a GAAP net loss of $74.1 million or a loss of $1.73 per share and a core loss of $83.8 million or a loss of $1.95 a share. Ttheyse results included $140 million of cat losses, which came in slightly higtheyr than our pre-announcement on September 22nd that excluded Tropical Storm Beta. Net retained losses from seven new named windstorms, during tthey third quarter were $125.1 million or roughly $2.30 a share. We anticipate our company will experience hurricane losses in tthey third quarter. But I think it's fair to say, ttheir year's record-setting season led to higtheyr net retained losses and a disappointing result ttheir period. However, if you strip away tthey noise, created from named windstorm activity in tthey current and prior year, you will see a more comparable underlying view of our business that has improved each quarter ttheir year. As Dan mentioned, excluding named windstorms, we produced core income of approximately $15 million or $0.35 a share compared to a loss of $4.5 million or $0.11 a share last year, which is nearly a $20 million improvement in our underlying results year-over-year. Page five of our investor presentation paints a nice picture of core income, excluding named windstorms, for each quarter ttheir year compared to 2019. And we present ttheir information not to disclaim ownership of hurricane losses, but to reiterate, ttheir is tthey earnings stream, we are focused on growing to absorb hurricane losses wtheyn ttheyy occur. Premiums written for tthey quarter increased $48.6 million, over 15% from a year ago, driven by new business and rate increases primarily in Florida and Texas, plus 10% growth in our commercial property book, fueled primarily by rate change, not exposure growth, as total insured value rose less than 1% year-over-year in commercial lines. Ceded earned premiums were 46.7% of gross premiums earned, compared to 44% last year. Tthey change was due to increased sessions to our share reinsurance program, which were 13.6% of gross premiums earned or $48.1 million in tthey current quarter versus 12.2%, or $42.2 million last year, as well as higtheyr costs related primarily to our core catastropthey reinsurance program that renewed on June 1st of ttheir year. Ottheyr significant items impacting total revenues during tthey third quarter, included realized gains of $25 million, stemming from tthey sale of roughly $107 million of equity securities, representing approximately 80% of our common stock holdings, at tthey time of disposal. Ttheir is partially offset by unrealized losses from equities of $11.6 million for a net investment gain of $13.4 million in tthey current period, compared to $2.6 million a year ago. Investment income of $6 million declined $1.8 million or 23% from tthey prior year, due primarily to tthey collapse in short-term yields, back in March of 2020. UPC's third quarter net loss and loss adjustment expense was $218.7 million, an increase of $70.5 million or 47.6%. That included $140 million of cat losses, which added over 74 points to our net loss and combined ratio, which was partially offset by $4.2 million of favorable reserve development. Non-cat reserve development continued at a slower pace than expected during tthey third quarter. Excluding ttheyse two items, our underlying loss in LAE was $82.9 million, down approximately $2.8 million or 3.3% year-over-year. Ttheir produced an underlying gross loss ratio of 23.4%, which compared favorably to 24.9% a year ago. UPC's operating expenses were $92.4 million, a decrease of $679,000 year-over-year. Policy acquisition costs, which declined $3.1 million, due to higtheyr ceding commissions earned, which is an offset to tthey change in ceded premiums earned. Underwriting and operating expenses increased $2.3 million, due to higtheyr system and software costs and G&A was basically flat year-over-year. But as Dan mentioned, included a nonrecurring charge of $2.8 million related to our abandonment of capitalized costs for a new home office building project. COVID definitely played a part in reassessing our long-term office space needs, but we also want our team 100% focused on underwriting results right now. So tthey cost and distractions from that project have been taken off tthey table. Our gross expense ratio was 26.1%, an improvement of nearly a point from tthey prior year, but would have been closer to two points without that nonrecurring charge. Tthey same holds true for our underlying combined ratio, which was essentially unchanged from last year, but would have improved 1.4 points to 91.4%, excluding tthey expense item for tthey discontinued real estate project. On tthey balance ttheyyet, UPC's assets totaled $3.1 billion, including cash and investments of $1.48 billion. Tthey modified duration of our fixed income holdings increased to 3.9 years, but tthey overall composite rating of A+ remain unchanged at September 30th. GAAP equity attributable to UIHC stockholders declined approximately 10% from year-end to $454 million, with a book value per share of $10.54 or $9.8, excluding AOCI. And our group statutory surplus declined to $371 million at tthey end of tthey quarter. In conclusion, we believe UPC is well positioned and theyading in tthey right direction, so we greatly appreciate your interest. I'd like to thank you for investing your valuable time today to learn more about our company. We are now happy to take any questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Greg Peters with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question. Greg Peters Hi, good afternoon. I guess, I wanted to just start off with some questions around your exposure management. Tthey gross written premium is up pretty significantly in tthey quarter. And that, as you suggest, is all rate, how much more aggressive can you get with exposure management in tthey context of limiting your gross written premium growth? Dan Peed Greg, ttheir is Dan. I think that we are taking numerous steps that fall under that bucket of exposure management. Rate is one of ttheym. So I mentioned like tthey bottom PML driven risk selection, we're inspecting much more of tthey new business. We also have looked at all of our lines of business in all of our states to decide or to determine if any of ttheym didn't have tthey scale or profitability that it was better to focus on our key speeds and our key areas of wtheyre we can be profitable. I think that tthey market is hardening, and I believe that it will continue to harden even more and that we will be able to continue improving tthey class of risk that we write as well as improving tthey terms and conditions under which we write it. Greg Peters Well, it certainly seems like it is. It just – it feels like you could deal with a lot less loss. Can you spend a minute and describe – I know you break out in your press release, tthey by line of business. So tthey personal side versus tthey commercial side, has ttheyre been a difference in underwriting performance of those businesses, or are ttheyy performing in ttheir high-frequency cat environment similarly? Dan Peed I think that tthey personal lines takes longer to turn, and we really started improving tthey terms and tthey results and tthey REITs of tthey personal lines book a year ago, but it had furttheyr to come. It is getting ttheyre, and it seems to be continuing to improve on a pretty steady basis for tthey core X hurricane numbers. Tthey American Coastal Commercial Residential book, which has always been a gem, and it is – it is profitable, significantly profitable, ttheir year even with tthey named storms. And our commercial specialty business has gone through some changes as we've moved from three different contracts to one. But we believe that it has a great prognosis in tthey commercial specialty. Greg Peters Interesting. Tthey ottheyr – tthey ottheyr question that's popping up for tthey companies in your space is just capital. Ttheyre are, as you know, almost all of tthey companies in tthey Florida market are under various levels of stress. And ttheyre is rtheytoric about some, maybe a number of ttheym, losing ttheyir capacity going forward. Can you talk about your capital position, your Demotech rating and your RBC rating ratio in tthey context, I think you mentioned some anticipated additional quota share. I guess, ultimately, what we're looking for is your ability to withstand ttheir year. In tthey fourth quarter, you're going to have some more catastropthey exposures. And tthey bottom line is your ability to withstand ttheir year and to live on and fight for next year. Dan Peed Right. Well, that's a good question. We feel pretty good about our position right now. We've been working with our reinsurers. As we stated, we're very close to adding some additional quota share and we believe that that, obviously, that additional quota share would be what is needed to move our leverage back into wtheyre it was before ttheir season. I think if you solve tthey RBC problem, ttheyn you're pretty consistent with solving tthey Demotech – tthey Demotech questions also. So we feel pretty comfortable, but we want to also say that, obviously, we'll be dealing with tthey Q4 cat exposures, and those aren't all known at tthey moment. So ttheyre's some unknown. And some part of that remain outside of our direct control. But we feel pretty comfortable that we've got tthey leverage that we can pull to handle it. Brad Martz Greg, ttheir is Brad. I would just add that AMS recently affirmed tthey ratings for Journey and Demotech has recently done tthey same for a couple of members of our core group. Obviously, all that's subject to change depending on how tthey fourth quarter plays out. But as Dan said, I think we feel very good about our ability to utilize reinsurance to close that gap between our direct writings and our net premium risk [indiscernible], obviously, we're well aware of that. We understand that reducing operating leverage and earnings volatility is a top priority for us right now. Greg Peters Got it. Can you just conclude – last question. Can you give us an idea – I think you said in your prepared comments, you still have a lot of limit left. But as we think about ttheyse – tthey storms that have happened in tthey fourth quarter and tthey one that, I guess, is lurking out ttheyre. What's your per event retention as it currently stands, and as we sort of model out for tthey fourth quarter results? Brad Martz Sure. Yes, we still have 91% of our core reinsurance program in place, over $3 billion of a $3.3 billion tower. So no worries ttheyre. We could experience a very, very significant event if Eta turned into something significant. It wouldn't be a problem for us. Our retention is $25 million on a go-forward basis. So we're prepared for tthey worst, and hoping for tthey best with that event. Probably if it comes into Florida as a tropical storm, I don't think it will be a full retention event for us. Greg Peters Got it. I’ll let ottheyrs ask questions. Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Matt Carletti with JMP Securities. Please proceed with your question. Matt Carletti Hey, thanks. Good afternoon. Greg grabbed most of mine. So I just have a follow-up on tthey kind of tthey capital and additional quota share potential conversation. As we think about that additional quota share and kind of wtheyre tthey market is, tthey reinsurance market, obviously getting firmer, and I think reinsurers getting more selective. How should we think about tthey terms on that, if you should expect ttheym to be materially different than what you have in place so far, or anottheyr way of thinking about it is should we expect on a net earned premiums basis it to have upward pressure on an expense ratio wtheyn we think about tthey ceding commission coming in as opposed to negative pressure? Brad Martz Hi, Matt. Ttheir is Brad. Tthey terms we've already received are from existing panel partners. I mean, going -- I definitely think if we were in tthey market trying to put togettheyr a branding program with no quota share experience, tthey terms could be very, very challenging. But, because we've got great support from existing partners, it's just -- it's fairly straightforward to expand tthey session rate without any significant changes or even any changes to tthey main terms of tthey existing agreement. So that's our first preference. We are exploring all options. But we've got great partners. We've got offers already on tthey table in hand. And hopefully, we'll have something to formally announce shortly. Matt Carletti All right. Thanks, Brad, best of luck. Thanks. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question. Elyse Greenspan Hi. Thanks. Good evening. My first question, so I think you mentioned, right, for go-forward events, your retention is right are about $25 million. Do you have a sense of wtheyre tthey cat for tthey fourth quarter stick out today based off of some of tthey events that we've already had? Brad Martz Yes. We stated on page 3 of our investor presentation that Delta and Zeta are likely to be between $50 million and $55 million. Ttheyre is a -- tthey retention for tthey core group is $25 million, but ttheyre could be a little bit of additional loss related to our E&S business in that blue line tower. But we think tthey losses are contained within that range, but it is a preliminary. Elyse Greenspan Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn based off on tthey questions that you've had with Demotech, I guess what's -- is ttheyre like a timeframe, right, that ttheyy would want you guys to have some additional capital support in place or as you've spoken with ttheym under what timeframe have you pointed to kind of working towards getting your leverage back to wtheyre you were before ttheyse storms? Brad Martz Ttheyy haven't requested anything from us. We're being proactive in our modeling and capital planning in anticipation of questions ttheyy may have after reviewing our third quarter results, but ttheyy haven't expressed any desire to see us do anything at ttheir moment. Elyse Greenspan So wtheyn you think about, I guess, tthey conversations that you've had with some partners, I guess, some of ttheyse losses, right, that you're pointing to in tthey fourth quarter; wtheyn do you guys envision kind of getting your leverage back to wtheyre you were before ttheyse storms? Brad Martz Ttheir quarter, we're targeting an effective date of December 1. So that could clearly change, but that is our target at tthey moment. And we bought some of that capital release to theylp bolster our RBC theyre in 2020. Elyse Greenspan Okay. Dan Peed Yes. And also on tthey one comment that tthey real key to our success in that is tthey -- is tthey growing underlying core profit margin, because wtheyn you have that REIT and that margin to work with, it's not difficult to have additional quota share partnerships. Elyse Greenspan Okay. That's theylpful color. Sorry -- you’re saying something. Dan Peed No. Go atheyad please. Elyse Greenspan Okay. Ttheyn I was going to say, so you guys were also mentioning a good amount of rate that you're getting in your book, which triangulated right into a pretty good level of gross premium growth in tthey quarter. So, what -- do you have a sense -- could you give us a little bit more color on kind of rate increases that we should expect from theyre as you kind of -- on your own level to put a good amount more price through your book of business? Brad Martz Yes, it's pretty significant. On tthey personal lines side of tthey house, page 8, does a pretty good job of laying out what some of tthey changes we've already made and are planning to make. We think tthey effect of ttheyse changes could be upwards of $100 million of additional premium with no increase in marginal exposure. And as that rate earns in, it's extremely powerful. Obviously, our capital position will dictate how much of that we get to keep. We're happy to share some of that with our reinsurance partners to tthey extent we need to. But we're going to be taking, as Dan mentioned, some pretty aggressive action to rein in tthey direct writings over time. Tthey reinsurance is a long-term strategy, but it's also -- but tthey share is probably more of a short-term tool to theylp us manage leverage until we refine tthey risk portfolio and get tthey direct writings dialed in wtheyre we want ttheym. Dan Peed Ttheir is Dan. I'll also make tthey comment on page 8 of tthey investor presentation, that a lot of tthey REIT that you see, like, for example, in Florida, 14%, 13% is tthey second rate increase. So we already have been working for a year under rate increases made last year, which is what's driving up our core right now, but ttheyse are rate on rate. And we're seeing retention ratios that are remaining very consistent. So we're not seeing -- we're not seeing that give us a higtheyr non-renewal rate. Elyse Greenspan Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn last question for me. I think you mentioned $4.2 million of favorable development. Brad, do you just have a little bit more color on what does that stem from and what accident years or if it was cat or non-cat?  Brad Martz Primarily all non-cat on tthey most recent accident year. So 2019.  Elyse Greenspan Okay. Thank you for tthey color. Brad Martz You’re welcome. Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from Bill Broomall with Dowling & Partners. Please proceed with your question. Bill Broomall Great. Thank you. If we can just go to Slide 12 of tthey presentation, you talked about tthey cat -- tthey agg program, which has been hit three years in a row. Can you just maybe talk about tthey interest that you're seeing from reinsurance partners in terms of participation? I know presentation says, you're going to switch to a fixed percentage or fixed retention rattheyr than a sliding scale. But can you just talk about tthey interest that you're theyaring right now for that?  Brad Martz Yes. I will be tthey first to admit, aggregate coverage is difficult to come by ttheyse days, a lot of companies have struggled with placing ttheyir aggregates. We're in a unique position because we have one strategic partner who provides a flexible limit, and it is part of a shared limit with our core catastropthey reinsurance program on tthey 1:1 placement, 6:1 placement. So we've got a great deal of flexibility in how we can utilize that limit and structure something that works for both parties. So I will admit that, we understand it's got to work for ttheym as well, and we want to address that. And we certainly -- tthey primary goal ttheir year is to have some fixed retention instead of one that varies with premium. Because of that ptheynomenon, wtheyre as tthey retention goes up, if your losses are unchanged, tthey possibility exists for you to recapture losses previously ceded and have cat losses incurred in a quarter wtheyre you didn't really have any new cat. So that's what we'd like to solve for. We don't have that finalized. So stay tuned on that. But our goal is to have a fixed amount of cat and stop our losses at that point in time.  Bill Broomall Okay. Excellent. Thank you for that. All right. Can you just -- in tthey press release ttheir evening, you talked about UPC Re and you reactheyd an exhaustion point. Can you just maybe explain to me what that is?  Brad Martz Well, UPC was a participant on layer one of our core reinsurance program. So ttheyy had a $12.5 million exposure that was hit by Hurricane Terry. And so ttheyy don't -- ttheyy max -- ttheyy hit those maximum liability under ttheyir contract. So we -- and that's included in, obviously, tthey $125 million of net name windstorm losses retained in ttheir quarter.  Bill Broomall Got it. But your tower is full cascading, right? So tthey higtheyr layers will drop down for any future events, correct?  Brad Martz Oh yes, absolutely. That's all cat -- that was -- we fully collateralized that participation. But yes, it doesn't change tthey structure at all. And everything is cascaded down. Ttheyre are no gaps in coverage in our program.  Bill Broomall Okay. Perfect. And if I think about tthey additional quota share that you're looking to place, and I think about kind of tthey Q4 storms, how much buffer do you think in your RBC ratios kind of do you expect to have after ttheir? So if Eta does come, or maybe anottheyr storm, would that buffer be enough that you won't have to do, maybe something else to address surplus? Anything you can comment on ttheyre?  Brad Martz I would just say, we don't want to be anywtheyre near that 300% line. If we can theylp it, we want to be well above it. We're going to do our best to give us a margin of safety ttheyre that is reasonable. And that's about all we can say at ttheir point in time. RBC is a complicated animal. But tthey de-risking of tthey company, that is ongoing right now. And tthey additional reinsurance support should have us in a good position at year-end.  Bill Broomall Great. Maybe one last one, maybe numbers. How much cash do you have at tthey Holdco? And what was tthey surplus at $930 million?  Brad Martz Tthey unrestricted liquidity at tthey Holdco was $42.2 million at September 30, and tthey statutory surplus for group was $371 million.  Bill Broomall Great. Thank you so much. Operator Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer period. I'd now like to turn tthey call back to management for closing remarks okay.  Dan Peed Ttheir is Dan. Thanks again for your time and attention. I want to say that, I continue to be excited about tthey future with tthey executive team we've put togettheyr over tthey last quarter and our employees and our key distribution and reinsurance partners, enabling us to navigate ttheir market togettheyr. So thanks again.  Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. We thank you for your participation, and you may disconnect your lines at ttheir time.