United Insurance Holdings Corp. (UIHC) Q2 2019 Earnings Conference Call July 31, 2019 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Adam Prior – Tthey Equity Group John Forney – President and Chief Executive Officer Brad Martz – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Elyse Greenspan – Wells Fargo Greg Peters – Raymond James Christoptheyr Campbell – KBW Operator Greetings, and welcome to UPC Insurance Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce Adam Prior of Tthey Equity Group. Please go atheyad sir. Adam Prior Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us. You can find copies of UPC’s earnings release today at www.upcinsurance.com in tthey Investor Relations section. In addition, tthey Company has made an accompanying presentation available on it’s website. You’re also welcome to contact our office at 212-836-9606 and we’d be happy to send you a copy. In addition, UPC Insurance has made ttheir broadcast available on its website. Before we get started, I would like to read tthey following statement on behalf of tthey Company. Except with respect to theirtorical information, statements made in ttheir conference call constitute forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws, including statements relating to trends in tthey Company’s operations and financial results and tthey business and tthey products of tthey Company and its subsidiaries. Actual results from UPC may differ materially from those anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements as a result of risks and uncertainties, including those described from time-to-time in UPC’s filings with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. UPC specifically disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of tthey new information, future developments or ottheyrwise. With that, I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Mr. John Forney, UPC’s Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, John. John Forney Thank you, Adam. Ttheir is John Forney, President and CEO of UPC Insurance. With me today is Brad Martz, our Chief Financial Officer. On behalf of everyone at UPC, we appreciate your taking time to join us on tthey call. As Adam said, we are publishing an investor presentation in conjunction with our earnings release. You can find it on our website and I encourage you to review it. While we will not be going slide by slide through that presentation, we will refer from time to time to some of tthey data and analytics included ttheyrein. Ttheir was a tough quarter for us, tthey first of my 29 quarters as CEO of UPC that we posted a loss without any hurricane activity. Nobody likes that less than I do and it won't happen again. Tthey good news is tthey problems in tthey quarter and tthey first half of tthey year in general are not systemic or widespread, rattheyr ttheyy are concentrated in our personal lines business, our commercial business is doing great and in only two of our 12 states, Florida and New York. Tthey rest of our states and lines of business are doing fine. Both Florida and New York were victims of bad product management on our part and bad CAT activity over eight points in Florida and over 12 points in New York, which exposed tthey weaknesses in those products. We need more rate in both places and that is at hand. Our Florida family security 9.2% rate increase went into effect earlier ttheir month, as did New York’s 5.4%. Additional rate increases are coming soon in both states. Please refer to Slide 9, in tthey investor presentation for a detailed look at what is coming in Florida and tthey projected impact. We have also completed tthey re-underwriting of all our major states using tthey predictive analytics tool we piloted last year with Rhode Island. Rhode Island’s loss ratio was down 12 points ttheir year after that review. And tthey table on Slide 10 of tthey investor presentation suggests we can get three points improvement on tthey entire book by calling less than 5% of policies. Ttheir is not hypottheytical data, it is our actual policies back tested using tthey predictive analytics model and shows what would have happened if we had used tthey model to manage our book last year. We intend to do that now beginning in Florida and New York. Our ottheyr underwriting initiatives, tthey use of roof aerial imagery, home self inspections and ottheyrs are also showing signs of traction. Even with ttheir quarter's adverse development our 2018 accident year personalized non-CAT loss ratio is still lower than any year since 2015. And tthey actuarially indicated 2019 ratio is trending down again. See Slide 7 of tthey investor presentation for more on ttheir. We are redoubling our efforts in all areas and as part of that we recently welcomed a new leader of our personal lines underwriting efforts. Bob Rosbrook joined us on July 22 after 17 years at Nationwide wtheyre their last position was Director of Personal Lines Staff Underwriting. Bob will lead our personal lines underwriting efforts and we are thrilled to have them on board. I'd like to close by highlighting two ottheyr recent additions to tthey UPC team. First, Jeff Bergstrom who joined us ttheir week as our new CAT Claims Director. Jeff has spent tthey last 12 years at Farmers, most recently in Phoenix wtheyre they was tthey Mountain West Territory Claims Manager. With tthey continued pace of CAT activity, it was imperative that we strengttheyn and upgrade our CAT claims team. Jeff enables us to do that immediately. Finally, we created a new position at UPC called tthey Director of Training Culture and Leadership Development reporting to me. We believe strongly in having a culture that supports tthey development of strong leaders throughout tthey organization and investing in our people is a high priority at UPC. We were fortunate to be able to fill ttheir new role with [Mike Maloney]. Mike joins us after an amazing 20 year career as an army officer, tthey last 10 years as a troop and squadron commander in Delta Force, tthey military’s most elite counter terrorism unit. We are humbled to have a guy of Mike stature join UPC and we look forward to working with them as we continue to build a culture designed to theylp all our people be tthey best version of ttheymselves. At ttheir point, I'd like to turn it over to Brad for their remarks. Brad Martz Thank you John and theyllo. Ttheir is Brad Martz, tthey CFO of UPC Insurance. I'm pleased to review UPC's financial results but also encourage everyone to review our press release, Form 10-Q and investor presentation for more information regarding tthey company's performance. Highlights for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2019, include gross premiums written of approximately $450 million, an increase of $65 million or 17% year-over-year; our net loss of $2.9 million or $0.07 a share compared to $14.7 million or $0.34 a share last year; our core loss of $3.5 million or $0.08 a share versus $15.5 million or $0.36 a share a year ago. Our underlying combined ratio was 91.8%, up 7.2 points from a year ago and our book value per share was $12.54, up $0.44 or 3.6% from year-end. Premiums written for tthey quarter saw an acceleration in commercial lines, which is up 28% and deceleration in personal lines year-over-year with growth slowing to just over 11%. Tthey Florida and Norttheyast regions accounted for approximately 85% of tthey growth in direct written premiums in all regions had positive growth year-over-year. And assumed commercial E&S premiums grew 23% to over $55 million in tthey quarter. Ceded earned premiums were approximately 42.3% of our gross earned premiums in tthey quarter, compared to 41% last year, with tthey change being driven by tthey increased sessions to our quota share reinsurance program. Ottheyr significant items impacting total revenues during tthey second quarter included a 7% increase in net investment income and 9% increase in ottheyr revenues. Unrealized gains from equity securities at $2.7 million compared favorably to $1.4 million in tthey same period last year. UPC's second quarter net loss and loss adjustment expense was $116.3 million, an increase of $27.7 million or 31% year-over-year. Ttheir produced a gross loss ratio of 35.2% and a net loss ratio of 61.1%. Included in net losses were $15.8 million of current year catastropthey losses from 16 new events during tthey quarter and $15.3 million of unfavorable prior year reserve development. Excluding cat and prior year development, our underlying loss and loss adjustment expense was $88.1 million, up approximately $13 million or 18% year-over-year. Large fire losses assumed from our E&S quota share arrangements accounted for roughly $7.7 million or 60% of that increase in underlying losses during tthey quarter. Tthey company's underlying gross loss ratio of 25.8%, was up less than a point year-over-year and an underlying net loss ratio of 44.7% was up approximately 2.5 points. UPC’s gross catastropthey losses incurred during tthey quarter were $51.6 million, with $17.6 million being ceded to our aggregate reinsurance program, $9.7 million ceded to tthey non-hurricane catastropthey excess of loss program and tthey remaining $8.5 million to tthey quota share reinsurance program. Net retained cat losses of $15.8 million, were down $1.5 million compared to tthey second quarter of 2018 and added 8.3 points to our net loss and combined ratio versus over 10 points from tthey effect of catastropthey losses last year. Tthey prior year reserve development for tthey quarter included $8.6 million or 56% of tthey total stemming from cat losses and $6.7 million or 44% from non-cat losses. Most of tthey development stemmed from tthey company's personal lines homeowners business in Florida primarily on accident year 2018. Tthey company saw increases in late reported claims, litigation and assignment of benefit activity during tthey quarter that warranted tthey reserve strengttheyning. UPC is very grateful for tthey support shown by tthey Florida Legislature and tthey office of Insurance Regulation for passing meaningful new legislation intended to curb tthey fraud and abuse we saw during tthey quarter. Thus, tthey company remains optimistic that ttheyse recent legislative changes will lead to improvements making it significantly less likely that tthey unusual development patterns we saw in tthey first half of 2019 will persist in tthey second half of tthey year or beyond. I believe tthey proactive reserve action taken ttheir period went a long way to mitigate tthey potential reserve risk related to prior accident years. And hopefully, puts tthey painful narrative related to AOB behind us for good. UPC’s non-loss operating expenses were $89.6 million, an increase of $16.8 million year-over-year. Tthey increase was driven primarily by policy acquisition costs, which rose $11.1 million or 22%, which was slightly faster than tthey pace of premiums written due to tthey strong production quarter in commercial lines. Tthey remaining $5.7 million was related to continue investments in people and technology required to support UPC’s long-term growth strategy. Our gross expense ratio was 27.2%, an increase of a couple of points from tthey second quarter of last year, but for tthey first half of 2019, our gross expense ratio actually declined slightly to 26.9%. Moving to our balance ttheyyet, UPC ended tthey quarter with total assets of approximately $2.7 billion, including nearly $1.3 billion of cash and invested assets. At June 30, tthey duration of our fixed maturities remained at 3.4 years with an overall composite rating of A-plus. Shareholders' equity attributable to UIHC stockholders was $541.9 million with a book value per share of $12.31 excluding accumulated ottheyr compretheynsive income. And lastly, tthey statutory surplus of our group was $454.2 million at June 30, 2019. I'd now like to reintroduce John Forney for closing remarks. John Forney Nothing furttheyr to add at ttheir point. Thank you, Brad. We'd be happy to take questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please state your question. Elyse Greenspan Hi, thanks. Good evening. My first question, I just want to spend a little bit more time on tthey adverse development that you guys took in tthey quarter. I guess, you tried to insinuate, obviously you guys trued ttheir up so ttheyre won't be an issue in tthey future. But can you give us a sense like wtheyre did you – wtheyre is Florida sitting on for accident year 2018? And how does that compare to wtheyre you're booking your business in 2019? So we just have a sense that we won't see any kind of ongoing issues from theyre. Brad Martz Hi Elyse, ttheir is Brad. We basically just move closer to tthey top end of our range establittheyyd at year-end. At year-end, our net loss reserves were approximately $183 million. So and we had a pretty wide range given all tthey methodologies we look at, but that was a central estimate. And given tthey unusual development activity we saw on tthey first half, we felt like it was prudent to be cautious and not expect that to change. Although, ttheyre are some positive indications, especially with tthey new legislation that we won't see a repeat, but we just felt like that tthey timing was good and tthey data suggested it was inappropriate charge to take now. John Forney Elyse, ttheir is John. I'd add that we included tthey accident year actuarial indications for Florida. I think in our year-end investor presentation, tthey first one that we did. In Florida accident year 2018 was shown like a four point improvement from accident year 2017. Even with ttheir adverse development, it's still – ttheyre's still a significant improvement. It wasn't four points but it's a couple of points anyway and tthey accident year 2019 indications look even more favorable. So tthey underlying trend is good. We just didn't have as much improvement as we thought and we've had development as Brad said in ttheir first half of tthey year, driven by I think hopefully tthey dying breadth of tthey AOB industry, trying to get in as much stuff as ttheyy could before tthey law changed. Brad Martz And that really speaks to tthey non-cat side. Tthey cat side is a little different. Obviously, tthey majority of tthey development for tthey quarter and for tthey year has been on cat and tthey cat events from 2018 are tough. We had 27 different events. Ttheyy averaged about $3.3 million incurred loss for each event at year-end. That's what we were looking at. That's grown a little bit. And wtheyn you have tthey kind of frequency we had, it adds up quickly. And tthey cat events, we make no excuses and we want to be conservative. I can tell you at ttheir – at June 30, 2018, we had gross losses of about $50 million, $54 million, tthey IBNR load on that was about 19%, $10 million-ish. Ttheir year at June 30, 2019, we've got gross losses of $79 million for tthey year and an IBNR load of $31.2 million or about 40%. So we are just overall taking a much more conservative stance on some of ttheir non-hurricane weattheyr-driven activity. Elyse Greenspan And so I guess – so if you said Florida was maybe wasn't necessarily four points better, 2018 versus 2017, but something a little bit less. So wtheyre do you book accident year 2019, I guess in terms of 2018 or did you – ttheir quarter try to – did you go back and put some more conservatism into tthey first quarter of 2019? John Forney Sure. I mean, we definitely – tthey results of all prior accident years always bleed in tthey current year indication. So accident 2019 is slightly better than 2018, but it's not significantly better at ttheir point. We're hoping that spread widens about year-end. Elyse Greenspan Okay. And ttheyn tthey policy acquisition cost ratio went up in tthey quarter. I think you said that was due to some stronger growth within commercial lines. How should we think about modeling that going forward? Brad Martz Yes. Policy acquisition costs are going to be tough to compare tthey prior quarter because of distortions of tthey quota share. Elyse Greenspan What is – is ttheir quarter’s level a good ratio to use going forward? Brad Martz It's slightly elevated ttheir quarter. But tthey previous three quarters would probably give you – if you took an average of tthey previous three, it probably be very close to what we'd expect going forward. Elyse Greenspan Okay. And ttheyn do you see any movement in your permanent losses in tthey quarter on a gross basis? Brad Martz No. Elyse Greenspan Okay. And ttheyn last question, you guys announced, share repurchase program, can you just update us on thoughts around buying back stock and ttheyn just wtheyn you might use tthey authorization, given that you just put it out ttheyre tonight? John Forney Right, we had a very robust discussion about that issue at tthey board meeting and obviously with tthey stock trading wtheyre it is, it's accretive to buy back tthey stock. We're prepared to do that. We don't have imminent plans to do it tomorrow. But we'll look at what's happening day in and day out and tthey board is prepared to do it quickly wtheyn it seems like it's appropriate. We wanted to make sure we had tthey authorization in place. Elyse Greenspan Okay. Thank you very much. John Forney Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Greg Peters with Raymond James. Please state your question. Greg Peters Good afternoon. Can we go back to Page 3 of your press release and you provide a roadmap on tthey increase in direct written and assumed premium by region. Can you give us a sense how much of that change by region is price versus how much is new policies? John Forney I guess, I can give you a little bit of sense of that. Ttheir won't be tthey whole picture because it's one month data. And it's just on tthey renewal book, but tthey renewal book is big. So we we’re looking at our policies that renewed in June, 2019, okay. So ttheyy were – compared to what ttheyy renewed at in June, 2018 and tthey premium on those policies that actually renewed was up 7.2% year-over-year for tthey entire book of business, personal lines from 2018 to 2019 based on a one-month snapshot of actual renewals June to June. So that gives you a sense that ttheyre's a sort of mid to high single-digits of additional premium flowing through tthey book from tthey previous rate increases that we've done. Greg Peters What about on tthey commercial side, John? John Forney Commercial side, I don't have as precise a number ttheyre but we're seeing increases in both policy count and rate on commercial and personal side. Greg Peters So just to tie ttheir back with tthey question around share repurchase with substantial growth in your top line and at least year-to-date, little growth in capital. How should we be thinking about your capital position because presumably with tthey rates that you identified coming up, you're going to be generating more growth and is it in tthey context of your capital position that was like kind of put any pressure? John Forney I think we've looked very closely at that, overall, tthey group is in very good shape from a capital position. We need to make sure that tthey capital is sitting in tthey right statutory entities and we have a plan to be able to make that happen. So we don't have any capital constraints. But our primary goal now obviously is to make sure that all ttheir wonderful top line that's flowing into tthey company flows out tthey bottom line is profit. And that's why we're taking tthey rate in underwriting actions that I talked about. None of which is new or reactionary, ttheyy're all have been in process for some time. As I said, in tthey quarter and in tthey first half of tthey year, some underlying issues in Florida and New York got exposed by much higtheyr than theirtorical norm for cat losses in both of those states. We knew we needed to get more rate and now ttheir made it clear that what we've done so far is not enough. And those are two important states for us. So we're doing that and at tthey same time, we're taking ottheyr actions to make sure that tthey new business that does come in is going to be at rates that we want. We have lots of levers we can pull to slow tthey growth of new business in certain states and we'll do that because our primary goal of course has to be right now making sure those states are making money and that tthey book is making money as a whole. Greg Peters Thanks. On Page 4 of your press release, you give us some commentary around reinsurance costs as a percentage of earned premium, I think you said 40.8% or so was in tthey second quarter. Given tthey changes to your reinsurance plan program for tthey 2019/2020 cat season, what should those numbers look like in tthey back half of tthey year? Is that consistent with wtheyre ttheyy were on tthey second quarter or tthey first half or is ttheyre going to be a change? Brad Martz It should be a very consistent. Greg Peters Okay. And ttheyn… Brad Martz Obviously, tthey ceded earned premiums from tthey quota share are tthey big change, moving from 20% to 22.5% and adding family security, which is a sizable writer, expected to produce over $200 million of premium ttheir year. So tthey ceded earned premiums for tthey quarter were only 30.3, but that will go up because family security was only in tthey quota share for one of tthey three months of tthey quarter. So that gets a little tricky. I'm happy to work offline with you on that, but tthey guidance is we've got – you can look at family securities writings project tthey year and just make sure to adjust for ttheyir participation in tthey quota share going forward. Greg Peters Great. Thanks. Thanks for those answers. Tthey last question sort of builds on what did previous questions were around prior year development. I was studying your slide in your investor presentation on Page 6. And I was wondering if you could just spend 30 or 60 seconds walking us through, a couple of those different numbers in ttheyre, tthey Florida versus non-Florida and ttheyn tthey CAT versus non-CAT. Just want to make sure I'm reading ttheir right. Brad Martz Sure. Tthey CAT number for tthey year, I mean almost 15 million, is really coming from three events, that's tthey sad part. We did a pretty good job with tthey ottheyr 50-plus events that have hit us hard in 2016, 2017, 2018. Not much related to hurricane of course, because that's all ceded. But tthey kitty cat stuff I mentioned, our average event size is 3.3 million. Our retention is 15 million. So as we see loss creep on some of that stuff, it's mostly fully retained. So that's basically tthey story on tthey CAT. Tthey non-CAT side, I mentioned, late reporting claims litigation, AOB activity. But I just want to focus on tthey late reported claims. We think that's about 4 million of tthey 6.7 million. So it's tthey vast majority of it. We saw, we do ultimate claim development triangles, not just loss development, but actual claim count triangles. And we saw more late report – what we'd call a late reported claim than we expected. So, actual claims exceeded our expectations and you just do tthey math on average severity of that increased frequency and that's wtheyre tthey development comes from. And it's really all being driven out of Florida. Greg Peters Great. Thanks for tthey additional color ttheyre. Brad Martz You're welcome. Operator Thanks. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Christoptheyr Campbell with KBW. Please state your question. Christoptheyr Campbell Hi. Good afternoon gentlemen. John Forney Hi Chris. Christoptheyr Campbell Hey, I guess my first question is just, on tthey reinsurance renewals, so if you, I know ttheyre was a lot of changes in tthey program, now if you would've had tthey same exact program as last year, what would tthey cost have been. John Forney We don't have tthey same exact program as last year, so I'm not sure we can answer a hypottheytical. We haven't calculated what if we had done something that we didn't do, what would it cost? Christoptheyr Campbell Okay. So I guess in anottheyr way, what were your risk adjusted rates up, year-over-year? John Forney We have not ever talked about that, and only to say that we have very good reinsurance partners and ttheyy've supported us very strongly. And we have win-win relationships with all of ttheym. And tthey program that we put togettheyr, worked for ttheym and it worked really well for us too. Brad Martz And a follow-up on my previous commentary on tthey ceding ratio, which is your ceded earned premiums divided by your gross premiums earned. That's not tthey true measure of tthey reinsurance costs anymore given tthey quota share and ttheyre's ceding commissions, and ceded losses you have to take into account to measure tthey cost of that. So, it's more complicated. We'll do our best to break out tthey components of tthey quota share for you going forward if you've got specific questions. But, we're very happy with tthey cost of reinsurance program. Christoptheyr Campbell Okay. Got it. And did tthey price increases that you outline, like in tthey earnings deck? Like how much of that, I mean, was that part of like tthey program wtheyre you can accelerate, rate increases, due to reinsurance costs in Florida and ttheyn I guess how much of that covers higtheyr reinsurance cost versus like how much is loss cost inflation and ttheyn how much of that rate increase should we expect to fall to tthey bottom line. John Forney It had nothing to do with reinsurance costs and we have not said we had higtheyr reinsurance costs, nor did we need a rate increase to account for anything to do with our reinsurance program. Ttheyse were rate increases that are just, you do a rate filing every year in Florida based on your indications. Tthey 9.2 was in tthey pipeline long ago and it just, it takes a while to get into tthey system. It just got into tthey system in July. And as ttheyse losses have developed in Florida, especially ttheyse CAT losses that have developed in Florida from hail events and thunderstorm events that really, we've been doing business in Florida for 20 years. Ttheyy don't have any corollary in tthey theirtorical record. Ttheyy just don't, but ttheyy're theyre now and now that we have tthey losses we can price for ttheym. So our rate increases are sort of ordinary course of business. We've had some extraordinary CAT type events in Florida that haven't existed theirtorically and we’re trying to price for ttheym. That's it. Christoptheyr Campbell Okay. Got it. So ttheir is like trying to get it like elevated like non-CAT weattheyr basically wtheyn we're looking at like tthey 9.2% in family security and ttheyn tthey 13.3 in UPC, is that tthey way to think about it? John Forney That's tthey best way to think about it, if you want to simplify it down to what's tthey biggest driver of tthey need. It's, hail events that don't exist in theirtorical record that all of a sudden are $10 million or $15 million events and those seem to be happening in Florida now. Christoptheyr Campbell Okay, got it. So, I mean like tthey 9.2 or 13.3. I mean, so we should be thinking of that is what tthey loss cost inflation is in tthey Florida book. I mean that seems like really high to me. John Forney We want it to be adequate to cover what we're seeing going on in tthey book. So, obviously we're not going to get rate increases that can't be actuarially justified. So you have to be able to show that tthey right need and we think it's ttheyre in Florida. Christoptheyr Campbell Okay, got it. Brad Martz And our – tthey premium impact in tthey slide presentation and tthey investor presentation, is really net of our expectation to change your retention rate. So we do expect it to have an impact on retention, rate in our competitiveness. But we take that into account too and I think that calling and flowing some of tthey growth is going to be part of tthey strategy in Florida. Christoptheyr Campbell Okay. Got it. And ttheyn anottheyr question is on Slide 8 of tthey deck, it says, you have some claims handling improvements, and tthey second bullet says claims closed without payment are increasing. I guess, could you just give us some color on that as like why that would be going up in terms of your book and would that create tthey potential for increased litigation if you had like dissatisfied claimants? John Forney I think tthey answer is to why it's going up is because we have an increasingly experienced and well trained claims staff that Scott St. John has really transformed in a great way since they arrived at tthey Company. And ttheyy're now much more expert on what gets paid and what doesn't, what's covered and what's not covered and what's under tthey deductible and what's not. And so, ttheyre were probably claims in before Scott got theyre that we were paying something on that really we didn't need to pay anything on. So claims closed without payment is a measure of we're doing our job and doing it well and not just paying stuff – if a claim isn't covered, if damages isn’t covered or it's less than deductible, ttheyn it doesn't get paid. So it doesn't have any impact on litigation. We haven't changed our stance to say don't pay claims. We said pay what we owe, which is what we've always said and let's do it quickly, which is why you see our cycle time going down dramatically. Christoptheyr Campbell Okay. Got it. That makes sense. And ttheyn just a few numbers, questions on tthey laws created by [indiscernible] Elyse’s question. I think maybe Elyse asked it. You said ttheyre was no development on Irma. So what are your Irma or your current Irma and Michael loss fix and how much IBNR do you have left for those two events. John Forney Brad's looking that up. Hold on a second, Chris. Brad Martz In a minute. John Forney Well we don't want to slow things up. We'll get back to you on that Chris. Christoptheyr Campbell Okay, got it. And ttheyn just one last numbers – ones. So with tthey CAT development on tthey accident year 18 storms, so I'm assuming that you guys went over tthey 20 million stop loss aggregate limit with tthey development. So given, like your experience with tthey non-CAT weattheyr, does it feel like tthey 30 million that you have in place ttheir year, does that feel adequate or could ttheyre be a risk that you guys go over that one too. Brad Martz We did exhaust tthey 20 million last year in 2018. And we've used tthey increased aggregate cover ttheir year. We increased it to 30 million ttheir year. And that's been theylpful in tthey first and second quarters, but we do not expect to exhaust it for tthey full year. Christoptheyr Campbell Got it. Those are all tthey questions I had. I don’t know if you have tthey Irma numbers or you just wanted to follow-up offline. John Forney We'll follow-up. Well, ttheyre wasn't any change in tthey quarter. Brad Martz We didn't have any change, so whatever ttheyy were last quarter, ttheyy're tthey same, but I apologize for not bringing that. Christoptheyr Campbell Okay. All right. Thanks a lot. That's a lot. John Forney Thanks Chris. Operator Thank you. We've now come to tthey end of our question-and-answer session. With that, we'd like to turn it back to management. John Forney Hi, ttheir is John Forney again. I would just like to thank everybody once again for ttheyir time on tthey call and for ttheyir interest in UPC. We're going to get back to work on making sure that next quarter we have some better news for you guys, so thank you very much. Talk to you soon. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's conference. All parties may disconnect. Have a great day.