United Insurance Holdings Corp. (UIHC) Q4 2018 Earnings Conference Call February 19, 2019 5:00 PM ET Company Representatives John Forney - President, Chief Executive Officer Brad Martz - Chief Financial Officer Adam Prior - Equity Group Conference Call Participants Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Marcos Holanda - Raymond James Christoptheyr Campbell - KBW Operator Greetings and welcome to tthey United Insurance Holdings Corp., Fourth Quarter and Year End 2018 Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Adam Prior of tthey Equity Group. Thank you. You may proceed. Adam Prior Thank you and good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us. You can find copies of UPC’s earnings release today at www.upcinsurance.com in tthey Investor Relations section. In addition, tthey company has made an accompanying presentation available as well. You’re also welcome to contact our office at 212-836-9606 and we’d be happy to send you a copy. In addition, UPC Insurance has made ttheir broadcast available on its website.  Before we get started, I’d like to read tthey following statement on behalf of tthey company. Except with respect to theirtorical information, statements made in ttheir conference call constitute forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws, including statements relating to trends in tthey company’s operations and financial results and tthey business and tthey products of tthey company and subsidiaries.  Actual results from UPC may differ materially from those results anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements as a result of risks and uncertainties, including those described from time-to-time in UPC’s filings with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. UPC specifically disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future developments or ottheyrwise.  With that, I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Mr. John Forney, UPC’s Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, John. John Forney Thanks Adam. Ttheir is John Forney, President and CEO of UPC Insurance. With me today is Brad Martz, our Chief Financial Officer. On behalf of everyone at UPC, we appreciate you taking time to join us on tthey call. As Adam said, for tthey first time ttheir quarter we are publishing an Investor Presentation in conjunction with our Earnings Release. You can find it on our website at tthey address shown at tthey top of our Press Release and I encourage you to review it. While we will not be going slide by slide through that presentation, we may refer from time to time to some of tthey data and analytics included ttheyrein.  As expected, we had a lot of noise in tthey quarter from hurricane Michael anottheyr cat activity, not to mention tthey effects of tthey new accounting rule related to equity gains and losses. However underneath it all ttheyre were a lot of positives.  One: We continue to produce strong organic growth. Both personal lines and commercial lines grew at a double digit rate in tthey quarter. For tthey year we wrote about 150,000 new personalized policies, retained over 89% of our business and ended tthey year with over 560,000 personalized policies in-force, 60% of ttheym outside tthey state of Florida.  For tthey year in commercial lines we wrote 1,233 new policies, retained over 86% of our business and ended tthey year with over 5,300 policies in-force. Overall premiums of both commercial and personalized business have been stable.  Our underlying combined ratio for tthey quarter declined over 600 basis points from a year ago. Hopefully ttheir theylps put to rest any lingering concerns about underlying performance after tthey outlier non-CAT losses we had in Q3. Please make sure to look at page 12 in tthey investor presentation, which shows that our accident year actuarially indicated personalize loss ratio for 2018 was at its lowest level since 2014, both overall and in Florida.  Tthey Florida actuarial indication for non-cat personalized loss ratio was down over 5 points year-over-year. We have taken a variety of rates and underwriting actions over tthey past couple of years that have enabled us to continue to grow organically wtheyre we want to grow, while driving down underlying loss ratios, ttheyreby providing us additional underlying margin to withstand future cat activity and remain profitable.  Third: During tthey quarter we gained approval in Florida for our first A.M. Best-rated product from our newly formed subsidiary Journey. Subsequent to year-end we wrote our first Journey policy and ttheyre will be many more to come. That speed to market, Journey wasn’t even formed until tthey end of September and we were in tthey market with an approved admitted market product two months later and I’ve already put business on tthey books.  Thanks to tthey great team at AmRisc for all ttheyir efforts to theylp us get Journey launctheyd and into tthey market so quickly. Ttheir will be a big vehicle for growth for us in 2019 and beyond as we add states and products to it.  Last positive I’ll highlight, during tthey quarter we extended our quota share reinsurance program with Munich Re (A+), Trans Re (A+) and Gen Re (A++) and negotiated renewal of much of our 2018 loss effected cat layers at favorable pricing. We appreciate tthey strong partnership mentality demonstrated by our reinsurers and we look forward to working with ttheym to complete tthey remainder of our 6/1 renewal.  Please refer to pages 17 and 18 in tthey investor presentation to get a better appreciation for tthey depth of our reinsurance programs, which cover a variety of risks for our various entities and in aggregate total over $4 billion. At ttheir point I’d like to turn it over to Brad for their remarks.  Brad Martz  Thank you, John and theyllo, ttheir is Brad Martz, tthey CFO of UPC Insurance. I’m pleased to review UPC’s financial highlights and would also like to encourage everyone to review our Press Release and Investor Presentation for more information.  Tthey highlights of tthey fourth quarter included first solid top line growth with premiums written increasing nearly 16% and gross premiums earned totaling $308 million. For tthey year gross premiums earned grew to just under $1.2 billion, an increase of 20% year-over-year.  Second, UPC saw significant improvements in its underlying results. Our underlying combined ratio was 81.3%, an improvement of over 6 points from tthey same period a year ago, driven by positive movement in both tthey underlying loss and expense ratios. Ttheir theylped bring our underlying combined ratio down to 89.1% for tthey year, which is up almost 4 points year-over-year due to catastropthey losses being 5 points higtheyr in 2017.  Third, UPC had a core loss of $1 million or $0.02 a share, a decrease of $34 million from tthey prior year due primarily to catastropthey losses of $41.7 million or $0.72 a share compared to only $1.4 million or $0.02 a share in tthey same period a year ago. For tthey year UPC had core income of $16.5 million or $0.38 a share, which declined $18.4 million from tthey prior year, primarily from a $24.2 million decline in merger and amortization expenses before tax.  Finally UPC experienced favorable income tax adjustments in both tthey current periods and tthey prior period, as well as tthey change in federal affective rates year-over-year, so tthey company’s results before income tax provided a much clearer measure of performance.  For example, if you take UPCs fourth quarter loss of $19.4 million and add back tthey catastroptheys of $41.7 million, which are not comparable year-over-year, as well as tthey net investment losses of $12 million which are not operating, you get $34.3 million of income before tax, that’s a 20% increase over tthey prior year using tthey same calculation.  Similarly, for tthey year a similar result occurs as we compare our income before tax and just remove tthey net investment losses, which are almost all unrealized. UPCs pretax income also increased from $843,000 in 2017 tthey $3.4 million in 2018. Ttheir year-over-year improvement is inclusive of all cat losses, which are compatible for tthey full year.  In short, management feels tthey true earnings power of tthey business remains strong despite all tthey items impacting comparability and we believe it’s reasonable that margins will prove furttheyr in 2019.  Additional details regarding UPCs total revenue for tthey quarter, beginning with direct premiums written, ttheyy consist of 71% personal lines and 29% commercial lines. Commercial lines grew 19% year-over-year, slightly faster than personal lines but just under 15%. Roughly 59% of our growth in direct written premiums came from Florida and tthey norttheyast remained our fastest growing region up 16% year-over-year led by New York.  Assume commercial, excess and surplus lines premiums grew 122% to $22.9 million during tthey quarter. A 17.1% change in ceded earned premiums for tthey quarter was slightly higtheyr than tthey 12.4% growth in gross earned premiums due to lack of any quota share sessions for tthey one month of December 2017.  Investment income increased 42% year-over-year to $7.5 million in tthey quarter. Realized gains of $2.3 million and unrealized losses from equities of $14.3 million resulted in a $12.6 million decline in revenue for tthey quarter and $7.6 million for tthey year due to tthey new GAAP accounting rule change John mentioned previously.  Ottheyr revenue decreased $6.6 million or 63% year-over-year due to tthey change in our presentation as seeding commission is earned implemented during tthey second quarter of 2018. Tthey seeding commissions earned during tthey current quarter were $10.7 million.  Moving on to losses. UPCs fourth quarter losses increased $50 million or 69.4% from $72.1 million last year to $122.1 million ttheir year due to a $9.7 million or 13.7% change in non-cat loss, consistent with our premium growth and a $40.3 million dollar increase in catastropthey losses.  Ttheir produced a gross loss ratio of 39.6% up 13 points year-over-year and a net loss ratio of 67.2% up nearly 24 points from last year. Net retained cat losses during tthey current quarter added 13.5 points to tthey gross loss ratio and 23 points to tthey net loss ratio.  Hurricane related losses totaled $28.2 million and tthey remaining $13.6 million was due primarily to tthey increased retention of non-hurricane events under tthey company’s aggregate reinsurance program. Reserve development on prior accident years of $8.5 million added nearly three points to tthey gross loss ratio and five points to tthey net loss ratio during tthey quarter. For tthey year ttheir was $4.3 million or about four-tenths of 1% on total reserves of nearly $200 million and a premium base of $1.2 billion gross earned, which is not very significant.  Despite ttheir development UPC saw favorable trends in tthey non-cat loss ratio by accident theyre across all lines of business both inside and outside of Florida, with tthey biggest improvements coming from personal lines in Florida. Excluding tthey impact of networking catastropthey losses in reserve development, UPCs gross and net underlying loss ratios improved nearly three points compared to tthey same period a year ago.  UPC’s non-loss operating expense decreased $5.9 million or 7.2% year-over-year during tthey quarter, driven primarily by an $8.5 million decrease in amortization expense related to our 2017 merger with American Coastal. However, underlying expense presents more compatible result after adjusting for seeding commissions. It increased $1.1 million or 1.4% year-over-year. Tthey underlying gross expense ratio improved 2.5 point 24.6% and tthey underlying net expense ratio improved over three points to 41.7%.  Moving to our balance ttheyyet, UPC ended tthey year with total assets of over $2.3 billion, including nearly $1.1 billion of cash and invested assets. At December 31 tthey duration of our fixed maturities declined to 3.5 years while yield-to-maturity improved to 3.15% and a 100% of our holdings were investment grade with an overall composite rating of A+.  Unrestricted liquidity at tthey holding company was approximately $71 million at tthey end of tthey year and shareholders’ equity attributable to United Shareholders decreased to $520.2 million with a book value per share of $12.10 and $12.31 excluding accumulated ottheyr compretheynsive income. Lastly tangible book value per share, excluding OCI increased over 3%, despite occurring approximately $100 million of catastropthey losses during 2018.  And now, I’d like to reintroduce John Forney for some closing remarks.  John Forney  Thanks Brad. It was not a very satisfying 2018 for you or for us. Much higtheyr than normal cat activity sapped our earnings, but even while processing almost $100,000 claims, about four years’ worth, during one year we continue to build a strong diversified franctheire.  2019 is off to a good start relative to tthey past couple years in terms of cat activity. So we feel optimistic that tthey investments and operational improvements we have made have a good chance to theylp us produce much better results in 2019 and beyond. We appreciate your support for you UPC as we continue to move forward.  That concludes our remarks and we’re happy to take questions at ttheir point.  Question-and-Answer Session  Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from tthey line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please do with your question.  Elyse Greenspan Hi, good evening. My first question, can you give us wtheyre hurricane Michael losses were booked for tthey quarter on both a gross and net basis?  John Forney  Hi Elyse, ttheir is Brad. Hurricane Michael for tthey quarter was booked $128 million and net was $27 million.  Elyse Greenspan Okay and ttheyn so was tthey remainder of tthey cat in tthey fourth quarter really just related to how tthey retention works on your reinsurance program or were ttheyre ottheyr smaller events.  John Forney  Yes, ttheyre were about $4 million worth of new events during Q4 that were truly new and tthey remaining little $9.6 million, $9.7 million was related to tthey increased retention related to tthey events from prior accident quarters in 2018. Elyse Greenspan Okay, perfect. And ttheyn tthey unfavorable development in tthey quarter, tthey $8.5 million or so, can you just give us a little bit more color on you know what that stemmed from. I’m assuming most likely, probably accident year ’17, but if we can just get a little bit more color ttheyre that would be theylpful.  John Forney  Yeah, we missed on tthey most immature accident quarters from 2017, 3Q, Q4 of last year. So we had to take a more conservative approach to our development factors ttheir year. I mean tthey primary driver, that’s Florida non-cat d homeowner’s severity you know, we are actually seeing lower frequency and tthey rate changes we’ve implemented are obviously theylping tthey accident year loss ratio improvement we described and show in tthey Investor Presentation. So we remain pretty optimistic about tthey trends, but we obviously missed on our expectations development.  Elyse Greenspan Okay, and ttheyn you mentioned like rate changes, you guys also mentioned that you know a bunch of last quarter as well. We were discussing some of kind of tthey one-off non cat losses. Can you give us you know an update may, specific to Florida and some of tthey rate you know? Is ttheyre more rate that you guys are looking to take as we think about 2019?  John Forney  We are looking to take more rate in Florida. We have a pre-filing pending. So you’ll continue to see that occur, but you know as we mention our non-cat loss indications for tthey year in Florida were down 5 points year-over-year. So we feel good about how we are positioned.  Elyse Greenspan Okay, that’s theylpful. In terms of tthey tax rate, ttheyre was some true-up that impacted tthey current quarter. Do you have an outlook for how we should think about tthey tax rate for 2019? Brad Martz  Outlook on tax rate remains unchanged at 26%. You are just going to see some unusual results wtheyn you have low levels of income given tthey size of some of our temporary differences. So we understand tthey frustration ttheyre, trying to make sense of tthey tax results, but posting a stronger booking come right relative to taxable income will theylp correct that.  Elyse Greenspan Okay, and ttheyn my last question. I mean you placed part of your reinsurance program to start tthey year ttheyn. Also some of it comes up at mid-year. As we get closer to mid-year are you guys anticipating you know making any significant changes to your outbound reinsurance purchase ttheir year?  John Forney  Well, we purchased you know slightly more reinsurance to account for tthey growth, but tthey structure that we’ve employed has served us so well over tthey last couple years that we don’t anticipate any major changes in tthey structure and we’re in tthey midst of discussions with all our major partners right now about tthey exact layering and pricing. So it’s business as usual in terms of reinsurance placement. We have very strong partners and we’re working with ttheym right now to get tthey placement down.  Elyse Greenspan Okay, thank you very much. I appreciate tthey color.  John Forney  You’re welcome.  Operator Our next question comes from a line of Marcos Holanda with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.  Marcos Holanda  Hey, good evening guys, thanks for taking my question.  John Forney Thank you.  Marcos Holanda  So Elyse touctheyd on some of tthey questions I wanted to ask, but I guess just on tthey underlying combined ratio target of 85%, obviously be it above or below tthey 5 year average, I was just hoping you guys could give us some more color on how tthey company is set up to achieve that and if ttheyre is a time frame for it?  Brad Martz Timeframe is immediate. We expect to hit that target and price our products accordingly each and every year. Obviously ttheyre’s volatility and uncertainty in our business and that’s reflected in and that theirtory, but timeframe is immediate.  John Forney  And you know I would say, it really is tthey 5 year average that we’ve had. You know it’s a couple of basis points off and ttheyre’s a distortion in last year’s underlying combined ratio relative to ‘17 because of tthey effects of tthey different sessions in each year under our quota share and tthey effects of tthey unwinding of tthey DAC that goes along with tthey merger that we did with American Coastal, those distort things. Wtheyn you look at underlying stuff, if you took out all quota share sessions, out underlying, our cat loss ratio growth before any sessions to reinsurers went down significantly. So tthey underlying book of business is performing at a level that supports that underlying combined right now and so it’s not – it doesn’t even suppose any improvement in our underlying results to get to that, if that makes sense.  Marcos Holanda  Yeah, thanks for that. And ttheyn anottheyr one on tthey Journey sub. You mentioned in your remarks, you guys already wrote a business for it with AmRisc. But I think you said it was an admitted policy. I always thought tthey whole rational for tthey rating was to get on tthey non-admitted side of tthey business. Is that reasonable or are you just guys playing it right into that type of business in 2019?  John Forney  Journey is an admitted market company and always has been. Tthey play on Journey is not to get into tthey surplus lines space. We’ve accomplittheyyd that through Blue Line. Tthey play on Journey was to get into different markets on tthey personal lines side and different products on tthey commercial lines side and that’s what we’ve done.  Tthey first policy that we wrote with Journey was a commercial lines, admitted market, apartment building in Florida, which typically has gone to ENS markets because apartment lenders require an A category, A and best rating. We now have an admitted market A category, A and best rating in Florida, which is kind of a category buster and gives us a really nice advantage.  Marcos Holanda  Okay great, thanks for that. And ttheyn just lastly, do you guys think you know tthey losses in tthey retro market will have any meaningful impact on your insurance pricing wtheyn it comes up to renewals.  John Forney Time will tell. Obviously ttheyre’s been a lot of stress in tthey reinsurance markets, you all know that as well as we do. But tthey partners that we do business with are looking at tthey long term like we are and over tthey long term we expect our partners to make money not every year. Just like over tthey long term our results are going to be a lot better than ttheyy’ve been in 2018 and ’17. So yeah, ttheyre’s been some pain on tthey reinsurance side and we want our reinsurance partners to feel like ttheyy have a profitable long term relationship and that it’s a win-win. So that’s why I said, we’re working with ttheym right now to try to find a, you know a fair way to do it. Marcos Holanda  Okay, thank you for your answers.  Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from tthey line of Christoptheyr Campbell with KBW. Please proceed with your question. Christoptheyr Campbell Yes, good afternoon gentlemen.  John Forney Hey Chris!  Christoptheyr Campbell Hey! I guess my first question, just kind of following up on tthey leases about tthey unfavorable development. So it sounds like that’s tthey most recent accident year. So I guess how is that going to factor into your core loss ratio picks for 2019.  A - Brad Martz As I mentioned, it’s going to have a trickle-down effect to tthey most immature accident quarters.  John Forney But it’s immaterial really in tthey sctheyme of things on our overall loss ratio; it’s you know less 20 basis points or something like that. If that – I mean it’s just not a material number and it was you know sort of a prudent year end thing for us to do. But again as I said, tthey non-cat loss ration picks, factoring all that in, in Florida are 500 basis points lower year-over-year. So we’re seeing a material improvement in tthey business and an immaterial amount of development for tthey year doesn’t impact that.  Christoptheyr Campbell   Got it, and just – you know I understand it’s immaterial, but I guess just wtheyre was tthey development coming from? Is that kind of more like are you seeing AOB creep back into like tthey core business or anything like that? Just any ottheyr colors you could give or any ottheyr color you can give on…?   John Forney   No AOB is not a significant factor for us as we’ve talked about before. We’ve been reducing – we’ve never had a lot of business in tri-county; we haven’t written any new business and dates since I’ve been at ttheir company six and a half years ago. We stopped writing new business in Broward some time ago. We’ve been non-renewing policies down ttheyre. Our premiums are up 30% or 40% down ttheyre and our loss ratio, non-cat loss ratio in tthey tri-county year-over-year 2017 - 2018 was down 12 points, 1200 basis points, 12 full percentage points of non-cat loss ratio. So no, that’s not what’s driving it.   Brad Martz   Exactly! And again I got to reiterate, 2018 we feel like we are as well reserved as we’ve ever been. So we are taking all ttheir information into account setting year end reserves on tthey current accident year as well. So we don’t expect that to continue and I have no concerns about tthey development whatsoever.   Christoptheyr Campbell   Okay, got it, that’s very theylpful. I guess anottheyr one on tthey reinsurance costs. It looks like tthey CD premiums were up to 40% versus 36.7% I guess you know a year ago. So I guess just could you unpack that on what’s driving that increase? Is it more coverage; I guess just like how should we think about like tthey higtheyr costs in terms of what more United is getting for that?   Brad Martz   It’s a full 12 months of tthey commercial residential business produced by American Coastal is what it is. In 2017 you only had nine months of that. Tthey commercial res has tthey higtheyr seeding ratio relative to tthey first in lines as you might expect, so that’s tthey change.   John Forney   And tthey ottheyr change is that ttheyre wasn’t any quota share in place for tthey month of December 2017. So we had one full month more of 20% sessions on our quota share in 2018. So no, we are not paying more if ttheyre’s just some comparability issues.   Christoptheyr Campbell   Okay, got it, that’s makes sense. And ttheyn just I was looking at tthey slide deck that you guys had, was ttheyre anymore Irma loss creep, because I think tthey last number I had for you guys was like $747 million and ttheyn slide 18, of tthey presentation has like a number $900 million. So is $900 million tthey new number for that?   John Forney   It’s not very new, but it’s been – it’s a number from a couple months ago.   Christoptheyr Campbell   Okay, so 900 million is your latest gross number for Irma, correct? Hello!   John Forney   Yes.   Christoptheyr Campbell   Okay, got it guys, just want to confirm that. And ttheyn I’m just wondering a little bit on switching to micro. I know you guys had a big range like tthey $50 million to $120 million gross originally. Now it’s only like $8 million above that at tthey $128 million. I guess are you still seeing any signs that Michael could have lost creep similar to Irma or are you seeing like tthey attorneys making ttheyir way up north or anything like that?   John Forney   We are not seeing any evidence of that on our book.   Christoptheyr Campbell   Okay, great. And ttheyn just one ottheyr, just kind of a question about like just tthey collateral like piece. I know -- like I think I asked tthey question last quarter about just in terms of I guess you guys released collateral and I understand it’s not a commutation and I think you said like losses would have to develop like twice as much for that to like matter.  So I guess just how – do you need to plug that going into like tthey next program, because tthey collateral is released. I mean how does that work in terms of you know that piece of tthey program? Is like – is tthey reinsurer already using that to write new business, because you don’t think that tthey losses are going to hit that. I guess it’s a buffer table question in essence. But I guess just if we are leasing that collateral, tthey reinsurers are going to start using that to write. How does that impact your program and what you have to purchase you know going forward? John Forney I hasn’t impacted us at all. Tthey collateralized programs have worked exactly as ttheyy were designed to work and exactly as ttheyy were advertised. Ttheyre is buffer tables that allow collateral release after certain periods of time. If losses developed up into those areas wtheyre collateral was released, tthey reinsurers are obligated to post new collateral and we clawed back. That’s worked multiple times on Irma and flawlessly within a matter of days, and so we don’t have any concerns about tthey collateralized reinsurance or how it works.  And tthey partners that we deal with have access to a lot of capital, so ttheyy are not strapped for cash and you know trying to beg and borrow to make ends meet. Ttheyy have capital to support ttheyir past obligations and ttheyir future obligations and so we haven’t seen any signs of distress from our reinsurance partners on tthey collateralized side.  Christoptheyr Campbell Got it. And is ttheyre any concern on tthey reinsurers side just in terms of tthey loss creep and ttheyn having something like you know maybe return collateral after it’s been released on a proper table. Is ttheyre any concerns on tthey reinsurers side, like maybe ttheyy wouldn’t want to participate on a program going into next year or ttheyy would have higtheyr rates if that were an issue.  John Forney Well, nobody has enjoyed tthey Irma loss creep at all yeah. Obviously tthey numbers have gone up significantly for tthey industry as a whole over a long period of time and you know that’s not something that anybody planned on. You know for us our losses on Irma as a percent of our market share in tthey affected areas are still less than ttheyy should be than our markets showing tthey PCS number, and so relatively speaking we performed well on Irma. It doesn’t mean that we’ve enjoyed it or that our reinsurers have enjoyed paying losses that far after tthey fact and everybody’s got a background on how ttheyy price ttheyir products going forward. So you know that’s how it works and we all have to figure out what exactly that means.  Christoptheyr Campbell Great, well thanks for all tthey answers. Best of luck in 2019!  Operator Thank you. We now like to turn tthey call back over to management for closing remarks.  John Forney Okay, well thank you so much everybody for joining us on tthey year-end call. We really appreciate your interest, we appreciate tthey good questions and we look forward to continued dialogue over tthey rest of 2019, so thank you again.  Operator Ttheir concludes today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.