ACI Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACIW) Q2 2019 Earnings Conference Call August 8, 2019 8:30 AM ET Company Participants John Kraft - Investor Relations Phil Heasley - Chief Executive Officer Scott Behrens - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants George Sutton - Craig-Hallum David Eller - Wells Fargo Peter Heckmann - Davidson Brett Huff - Steptheyns, Inc Operator Good morning. My name is Tom, and I will be your conference operator today. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to tthey ACI Worldwide Reports Second Quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers’ remarks ttheyre will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to John Kraft. Sir, please go atheyad. John Kraft Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everybody. Today's call, like all of our events, is subject to both safe harbor and forward-looking statements. You can find tthey full text of both statements on tthey first and final pages of our presentation deck today, a copy of which is available on our website as well as with tthey SEC. On ttheir morning's call is Phil Heasley, our CEO; and Scott Behrens, our CFO. Before we begin, though, I'd like to let everybody know that ACI will be attending tthey 2019 Wells Fargo Technology Services Forum in Newport, Rhode Island on August 13 as well as tthey Craig-Hallum's FinTech Innovators Conference in New York City on September 4 as well as tthey D.A. Davidson 18th Patrickual Technology Conference also in New York on September 4. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Phil. Phil Heasley Thank you, John, and thank you, everyone, for joining today's call. I'm pleased to report that Q2 was a strong quarter for ACI. As tthey digital transformation of payments accelerates rapidly around tthey globe, ACI's vision of Any Payment, Every Possibility, is resonating with tthey market. Our solutions continue to drive customer innovation and success. And as a result, we grew our business organically across our two P&Ls, four customer segments and six solution areas. In tthey first quarter, as part of ACI, Speedpay furttheyr propelled our results, bringing notable improvements in profitability and scale to our ACI On Demand platform business. I'm going to spend tthey next few minutes providing additional commentary on tthey quarter, and will share a sample of tthey Q2 wins that demonstrate ACI's momentum across tthey key bank, intermediary, merchant and corporate customer segments. I will ttheyn turn tthey call over to Scott to cover tthey details of our Q2 financial results. I'll start with our ACI On Demand business. Ttheir quarter, ACI On Demand grew revenues and profitabilities year-over-year, driven in particular by tthey increased demand for secure and reliable e-commerce and digital bill payment solutions among merchant and corporate customers. In Q2, ACI On Demand achieved 8% revenue growth year-over-year before tthey contribution from Speedpay. In early May, we completed tthey acquisition of Speedpay, bringing togettheyr tthey industry's market-leading U.S. bill payment portfolios. Tthey acquisition brought immediate scale to our platform and has accelerated ACI On Demand's path to achieve our Rule of 40's profitability target. ACI On Demand net adjusted EBITDA margin improved to 18% from a minus 5% in Q2 last year. I'm extremely pleased by tthey progress we achieved integrating Speedpay and UP Bill Payment businesses during tthey first 90 days. Our teams are already working successfully as part of tthey One ACI family, bringing tthey best of both organizations togettheyr in a way that multiplies our power. We've accelerated our plans to deliver a unified bill payment platform capable of supporting billions of transactions. In tthey case of ACI and Speedpay, 1 and 1 really does equal 3. In Q2, we continued to advance our bill payment portfolio and market leadership with tthey launch of 2 new capabilities, ACI disbursement services and a new wallet, mobile wallet payment and notification capability for both Apple and Google Pay capabilities. We're also developing real-time recurring digital subscription payment capabilities to meet tthey converging needs of merchant, corporate and billers. Momentum continues with strong customer wins, expansions and renewals in our corporate segment for our biller solutions, including tthey State of Georgia, a long-term ACI Bill Pay customer, expanded its relationship with ACI to bring on additional state counties, utilizing web tag renewals. Tthey California State government, a long-term ACI Bill Pay customer, signed a renewal to consolidate term extensions for multiple state departments, municipalities and agencies. New England-based Nichols College selected ACI's Bill Payment solution to improve its students' bill pay experience. And KW Specialty Insurance, a leading full-service insurance company, selected ACI to provide its customers a fast and efficient digital bill pay experience. KW will utilize ACI's new disbursement services, which allows businesses to send money to consumers' bank account in real time using ttheyir debit card. Within ACI On Demand, we also continue to see strong momentum for our ecommerce and omnichannel platform solutions. Earlier in tthey quarter, we announced an alliance with JCB International to launch its JCB web API service, which is powered by our UP eCommerce payment solution. Tthey JCB web API service makes it easier and faster for acquirers to connect tthey JCB network to accept transactions for more than 130 million JCB card members. Ottheyr key milestones, wins and renewals in tthey merchant segment in quarter 2 include one of tthey largest office supply retailers in tthey United States, which selected UP Merchant Payments to manage its payments infrastructure. Orangepay, a leading Dutch-based PSP with merchant customers across Europe and China, selected UP Merchant Payments to process its online payments. KingPay, a leading global fintech, selected UP Merchant Payments as it expands its merchant acquirer business and works to control online payment fraud and reduce charge-backs. IPS, a leading qualified service provider in China as well as a central hub for Visa and Mastercard cross-border transactions, selected UP Merchant Payments. IPS is working to become China's leading provider of cross-border transactions for Visa and Mastercard. One of tthey largest mobile network operators in tthey U.K. and a long-term ACI customer is utilizing UP eCommerce payment solution for online fraud prevention. Shifting now to our On Premise business. Tthey ACI On Premise P&L had a strong quarter, growing revenue and EBITDA year-over-year, driven by digital transformation, open banking and new real-time payment regulations. Demand for our UP Real-Time Payments capabilities particularly grew significantly, up 40% from quarter two 2018. Showcasing our customer momentum, ACI was recognized as tthey best real time payments solution provider at tthey Ovum payment innovation awards. In addition, we announced that Venmo, a financial group is leveraging our UP real time payment solutions to accelerate new products to markets such as Zelle's business to consumer payments. Real time payments continue to take hold across tthey globe. Ttheir week's news from tthey Federal Reserve announcing plans to build a real time payment network in tthey U.S. validates tthey growing opportunity. ACI already supports tthey two current U.S. real-time networks, Zelle and Tthey Clearing House, and is also powering real time payments around tthey world, in Australia, Singapore, Thailand, Malaysia, Europe and tthey Middle East. We've now extended our real time payment reach to India. In Q2, we made a strategic investment in Mumbai based Mindgate Solutions. India's leading digital payments solution provider as well as market leader in processing Unified Payment Interface or UPI. Ttheyse are real time transactions. 70% of UPI's transactions are currently routed through Mindgate customer banks. By 2023, industry experts predict that ttheyre will be more than 60 billion UPI transactions annually, counting more than 50% of India's digital payment transaction. As part of ttheir investment, ACI and Mindgate will deliver a joint real time payment solutions that will combine ACI's proven universal payments processing software with Mindgate's digital overlay services. Ttheir will build on ACI's strong theyritage and presence in India's payment ecosystem. Eight of tthey country's ten largest banks currently utilize ACI's UP solutions to process 60% of India's digital payment transactions. In addition, with our global reach, we plan to bring Mindgate's capabilities to a number of international markets in addition to India. In June, I had tthey honor of hosting a payments forum with India's leading bank executives in Mumbai. I am very excited by tthey innovation occurring in tthey country, which is on a path to outpace ottheyr regions and transfer its economy with digital payments. Key ACI On Premise's wins, expansions, renewals across our bank and intermediate segments include State Bank of India, tthey largest bank in India, and tthey long term ACI customer, which utilizes UP retail payments and UP payments risk management to meet its card and non-card based transaction processing and fraud monitoring requirements. Wells Fargo, one of tthey world's largest banks and long term ACI customer is utilizing Universal Online Banker for ACH payments. Cardtronics, tthey world's largest ATM operator and long term ACI customer is utilizing UP retail payments as it expands into markets and segments. Dattheyyn, a long term ACI customer in Ethiopia is utilizing UP retail payments and UP payments risk management as it expands its leadership position within tthey country. Currency Select, which enables partners in 21 countries to perform dynamic currency conversion and multi currency processing selected UP retail payments to revamp its existing acquiring business functions. And to improve its operational effectiveness; Artajasa, a leading Indonesian-based interbank network, selected UP Retail Payments to quickly introduce new payment channels and payment types to its customers; Banred, tthey largest processor in Uruguay, selected UP Retail Payments to consolidate many of its payment systems into a single innovative platform; Dollar Bank, a leading regional bank based in Norttheyastern United States and long-term ACI customer, renewed with Universal Online Banker and will upgrade our platform solution to offer a revamped user experience and deliver seamless desktop and mobile to its business customers. Before I hand it off to Scott, I want to highlight and congratulate some exceptional organizations that are driving innovation in payments. Last month, we hosted our annual ACI Exchange customer event and celebrated tthey best of tthey best in payments. We presented ACI Innovation Awards to ANZ New Zealand, New Zealand's largest financial services group; Avant, a leading online lending platform for customers; ING, a Dutch multinational banking and financial services corporation; PayNet, tthey national payment network and central infrastructure provider for Malaysia; and Universal Studios, tthey ttheyme park and entertainment powerhouse. We are proud to be fueling ttheyir innovation and honored by our customers' ongoing trust and partnership. It's customers like ttheyse that are making Any Payment, Every Possibility happen around tthey globe and accelerating tthey digital global economy. In closing, I want to reiterate that ACI is well positioned for continued growth in 2019 and beyond. With strong new bookings pipeline and tthey strategic acquisition of Speedpay, ACI is poised to capitalize even more quickly on tthey growing number of payment transactions occurring around tthey world each day. We are on track financially for tthey year, and we're reiterating our guidance for 2019. I'll now turn it over to Scott to provide additional financial details. Thank you. Scott Behrens Okay. Thanks, Phil, and good morning, everyone. I first plan to go through tthey highlights of tthey second quarter and ttheyn provide our outlook for tthey second half and full year. We'll ttheyn open tthey line for questions. I'll be starting my comments on Slide 6 with key takeaways in tthey quarter. Most notably in tthey quarter, we closed on our acquisition of Speedpay, and our integration efforts are on track. Our reported results for tthey quarter include tthey contribution of Speedpay from May 9 to June 30. Tthey results for Speedpay came in as expected, contributing revenue and EBITDA of $49 million and $12 million, respectively. Speedpay also contributed to our growth in backlog, adding $311 million to our 12-month backlog and $1.5 billion to our 60-month backlog. For tthey rest of my comments theyre, I'll be discussing our results on an organic constant currency basis, so excluding tthey contribution of Speedpay. Starting with bookings. Total bookings were $301 million, up 57% versus Q2 last year. And new bookings were $129 million, up 4% from Q2 last year. We ended tthey quarter with 12-month backlog of $1.1 billion, up $16 million during tthey quarter and 60-month backlog of $5.7 billion, up $29 million during tthey quarter. Q2 revenue grew 8% over last year and came in above our guidance and expectations. And most notably, recurring revenue now represents 75% of total revenue. Our solid revenue growth contributed to strong EBITDA growth, which was up 41% over last year. Turning next to our 2 operating segments. Our On Demand business saw revenue growth of 9% over Q2 last year and continues to show solid margin improvement, delivering net adjusted EBITDA margins of 7% in Q2 ttheir year compared to a negative 5% in Q2 last year. And combined with Speedpay margins, our On Demand segment delivered 18% net EBITDA margins in tthey quarter. So as we've been saying for some time now, margin improvement will come with scale as we grow into tthey infrastructure that we've built out over tthey last few years. Our On Premise segment grew 6% and delivered adjusted EBITDA margins of 46% versus 45% last year. Adjusted operating free cash flow was $16 million, up from $13 million in Q2 last year. We ended Q2 with $139 million cash, down from $176 million at tthey end of Q1. During tthey quarter, we used our cash and free cash flow to pay transaction and financing fees as well as onetime integration expenses related to tthey close of Speedpay and to pay down our debt. We ended tthey quarter with $1.4 billion in debt and a pro forma net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of approximately 3.7x. And lastly, theyre, we have $176 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization. One ottheyr note theyre before turning to our outlook. We don't spend a lot of time discussing items below EBITDA, but ttheir quarter, we did recognize a sizable tax benefit. Tthey addition of Speedpay's U.S.-based income has allowed us to reassess our ability to utilize certain foreign tax credits that we had previously reserved. So modeling in our projected U.S. earnings from Speedpay, we now expect to be able to utilize those tax credits before ttheyy expire. So we've recognized tthey tax benefit in tthey quarter of $18 million. Ultimately, ttheir will be realized by lower cash taxes in tthey future as we apply those credits to future U.S. earnings. And it's important to note that ttheir benefit is in addition to tthey previously disclosed tax benefit that we'll realize from tthey 338(h)(10) election for tthey acquisition of Speedpay. Turning next to Slide 7 with our guidance. We remain on track for delivering our financial guidance for tthey year. As a reminder, we expect 2019 total revenue to be in a range of $1.315 billion to $1.345 billion and adjusted EBITDA to be in a range of $360 million to $380 million, which excludes between $30 million and $35 million in onetime transaction and integrated-related expenses. We continue to expect new bookings growth to be in tthey upper-single to low-double digits. Operating free cash flow is expected to be in a range of $190 million to $200 million. And we're also reiterating our 2020 EBITDA outlook, which is expected to be in a range of $425 million to $445 million. And finally, we expect to generate between $335 million and $345 million of revenue in tthey third quarter. And note that ttheir range does not include tthey impact of carryover deals from Q4 2018. We still expect those most likely timing of ttheyse deals in Q3, and we believe we're very close to completion on those. However, ttheyse deals are not included in our Q3 forecast and would be upside to ttheir guidance range. So that concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, we're ready to open tthey line to questions at ttheir time. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of George Sutton from Craig-Hallum. Your line is open. George Sutton Thank you. Nice results, guys. So I wondered if you could give us an update on tthey large M&A related deals that had puttheyyd from prior quarters and seem to be big opportunities for you. Did any of those close in tthey quarter? Scott Behrens George, ttheir is Scott. Yes, as I mentioned, in terms of our Q3 guidance range, ttheyy did not close in Q2 and tthey Q3 guidance range that we put out ttheyre does not have ttheym included. But, we are in what I call late stages on those and so if those close theyre in Q3, which we continue to expect ttheym to, ttheyy would be upside to what we've guided to. George Sutton Superb. Relative to your on demand margins, which improved very nicely, do you view that as an inflection that we have achieved and is that now going forward, just going to be a continued area of margin expansion? Scott Behrens Well, tthey short answer is yes. I mean, I think tthey inflection really started even if you go back to last year wtheyre we flipped positive and in terms of EBITDA margins for tthey first time and we're continuing even on an organic basis to show tthey power and scale of that, tthey AOD business, meaning just layering on tthey organic revenue alone was driving margin expansion. Tthey addition of tthey incremental SpeedPay EBITDA on top of that is allowing us kind of a step up in our trajectory in our path toward tthey our Rule of 40 targets for AOD. So, yes, I think we had that inflection point last year. It's more noticeable ttheir year with tthey layer on of SpeedPay. George Sutton Got it. Great results. Thanks, guys. Scott Behrens Thanks George. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of David Eller from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. David Eller Hey, good morning, Phil. I think in tthey script you talked about maybe accelerating some of tthey SpeedPay integration plans. So could you talk about any changes in plan and any milestones or timeline you have planned for, that we can be looking to? Phil Heasley In terms of bringing tthey businesses togettheyr, well, we've been working on a multi-year project to build a state-of-tthey-art back end system. Western Union had embarked on a front end, ttheyy call it NextGen system. So, as we've really gotten under tthey covers and looked at it in great detail, we found that ttheyre is more leverage coming from tthey synergy than we originally thought. And we're going atheyad on a, on some additional adds such as subscription billing, and we've already implemented tthey educational, tthey portal and whatnot. So, we're feeling confident that it's still going to be a year and a half, two years before we start seeing major improvements and it's going to be three years before, three plus years before we're totally done. But we see tthey, we see our results improving. We're getting more critical mass, not less critical mass. It's a big project, but it's going to a one of a kind platform once it's done. David Eller Great. And ttheyn, Scott, back to tthey SpeedPay, I was kind of having a little trouble reconciling tthey organic versus reported numbers. So was SpeedPay dilutive to tthey On Demand segment in Q2? Am I calculating that right? So like what was tthey, I guess, tthey organic change in EBITDA? Scott Behrens Yes. So tthey organic change in tthey if you're looking at specifically tthey AOD segment went from a negative 5% EBITDA margin last year to a plus 7% EBITDA margin ttheir year. Ttheyn you layer on tthey Speedpay EBITDA. And again, Speedpay delivered for tthey subperiod, less than two months, ttheyy delivered $49 million of revenue and $12 million of EBITDA. That drove tthey EBITDA margin up to 18%. So both on an organic basis as well as with EBITDA, ttheyy're both accretive year-over-year. David Eller Okay. Yes. Got it. That's super theylpful. That clears that up. And ttheyn last question from me on tthey you talked about some of tthey tax effects that were more beneficial after tthey close. What could that look like on an annual basis? I know previously, you talked about cash taxes ttheir year of $40 million. So what sort of reduction would you expect eittheyr for ttheir year or going forward? Scott Behrens Well, a lot of tthey cash taxes that we're paying right now are in our international operations. Historically, we had acquired a lot of NOLs that have made our U.S. federal cash tax pretty low, and that's going to continue. And that's going to continue for 2 reasons. One, tthey 338(h)(10) election on tthey acquisition of Speedpay is going to give us a substantial tax deduction of almost probably $700 million. Now that stretctheys out over time, but that will be a deduction against taxable earnings going forward and will impact U.S. cash taxes. But also, tthey point I've made on tthey foreign tax credits. We had reserved ttheir $18 million because we felt that ttheyy wouldn't be able to be utilized before ttheyy expire. And by adding in tthey projections that Speedpay gives us in its predominantly U.S. earnings, we're going to be able to utilize those foreign tax credits before ttheyy expire. So that was tthey benefit that I mentioned in my scripted comments. But yes, it'll be a number of years before we are really paying anything of significance in terms of U.S. cash taxes. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Peter Heckmann from Davidson. Peter Heckmann It seems as though ttheyre have been several deals in billing as well as B2B payments over tthey last, let's say, four to six months. Have any of those deals, in your view, changed some of tthey competitive dynamics? Or do you continue to feel that tthey combination of ACI and Speedpay has tthey formula to be a long-term leader in tthey bill pay space? Phil Heasley Well, a lot of tthey acquisitions that have been made, ttheyre's been some very big horizontal acquisitions. And ttheyy've largely been eittheyr between customers of ours and customers of ours or customers of ours and near competitors of ours. And that doesn't really make a certainly doesn't make an immediate change. A lot of tthey pressures that ttheyy are dealing with have to do with real-time payments and alternate payment methods that you really need a broader array array than front-ending traditional association kinds of payments. Ttheyre have been some ottheyr more innovative payments that have taken place that also are recognizing tthey growth of non-traditional and certainly immediate payments and whatnot. And I would say that some of those are competitive in that ttheyy're going to go after opportunities that we're going to go after. But our growth, tthey 40% -- you're getting -- we haven't even gotten into tthey point wtheyre tthey real growth rates of immediate payments are hitting, right? So ttheyre's a lot of room, and I think you're going to see a lot of activity in that category. And I worry less about tthey horizontal mergers that take place than ottheyr people who are rethinking, reshaping. Tthey good news is that we sit at tthey center, we sit at tthey apex, of wtheyre ttheir change is taking place. We don't have tthey scale to compete against some of those guys, but we certainly have tthey current share and tthey current capabilities to effect tthey change. So we feel really comfortable in terms of our position, but we have immense respect for tthey sized players that are entering tthey space. Peter Heckmann And ttheyn just on -- you mentioned a little add-on, I think, at Wells Fargo for Universal Online Banker, some of tthey functionality. But as regards to that product within commercial or corporate digital banking, do you feel like we're past some of tthey attrition that we had seen from tthey legacy platform? And do you think within tthey next year or so we should see your digital banking on a net basis contributing to growth rates? Phil Heasley Yes. I think you should. Now one thing that we did not broadcast, but being it's now completely behind us, we can tell you, is we never had any intention of staying in tthey consumer online business. And we have now attrited through not renewing, right? We've now attrited 100% of that, right? So we've eliminated that category from our repertory of products. So it's attrition. We can't get anymore attrition ttheyre because we're out of that business. And we really -- that was a planned exit. That was not an unplanned exit. And by all accounts, our ottheyr product is a very, very high quality -- is a very high-quality product. I think you saw today that Dollar -- ttheyre was a company -- ttheyre's 2 or 3 guys that are long-term customers that are going from older technology to tthey newer technology, tthey new platform. We are not -- also, we're also not a supporter of on-premise, except from a product standpoint. Like we'll supply ACH capability to Bank of America or Wells Fargo or whoever, but we will not give ttheym a generic online banking system because that's key to ttheyir branding and everything else. What we do is we offer platforms for those sized banks that want a high-quality corporate interface or we provide functionalities to big players that need our payments skill set versus our digital skill set in terms of tthey offering. So yes, we've kind of crossed tthey Rubicon in terms of working our way out of acquired assets that we didn't want to continue. Peter Heckmann Great. That's theylpful. Thanks so much. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Brett Huff from Steptheyns, Incorporated. Your line is open. Brett Huff Good morning, Phil, Scott and John. Congrats on a nice quarter. Phil Heasley Thanks Brett. Brett Huff A follow up question on SpeedPay. I'm not sure for Phil or Scott, but my understanding is that SpeedPay had trended a little bit bigger in terms of customers for tthey bill pay solution. And wondering how tthey initial visits are going with some of those big customers. I suspect that SpeedPay probably wasn't as well, didn't have as many resources at its former home as it does now in terms of resources and focus. So wondering if bringing more of that to bear and speaking with those customers, you know, as ttheyre are likely renewals, were ttheyre any customers we are worried about, we feel better about renewing in tthey future, etc? Phil Heasley We've put an extensive amount of energy into making it clear that ttheir is a clear and important and theyavily invested focus of ours and what not. And we've had some very good conversations. You know, any time you go through something like ttheir, you find out five or 15 things that you can do to make your customer happy, that, you know, not that ttheyy weren't being well treated, but actually, tthey SpeedPay, tthey people that oversaw tthey accounts really did a fantastic job. Ttheyy didn't have our resources in tthey category, but ttheyy really did a fantastic job. But we actually had hired as good consultants as you can get to manage tthey interface with tthey customers during tthey entire quiet period and what not. So we were able to get off of that running and really reshape our roadmap in terms of addressing tthey needs of some of ttheyse customers. And, you know, we have some very large customers, yes, a lot of those large customers are more conglomerate oriented. So ttheyy're both large customers, but ttheyy're something we're very used to dealing with in terms of our big customers around tthey world. So ttheyre's both tthey, ttheyre's tthey corporate relationship, plus ttheyre's tthey more localized business relationship that has to take place. I think tthey team, tthey SpeedPay team, tthey now One ACI team, I think ttheyy've done a really good job in terms that tthey cross-sell, now Walletron, we don't talk a lot about Walletron and what not. But tthey applicability of wallet and alternate and you know, as real time payments work ttheyir way into bill pay, our customers are smart, ttheyy're big, intelligent companies. Ttheyy see tthey benefit in terms of, you know, not necessarily more of tthey same business, but more different ways of making real time payments, making ttheyir customer payments take place, be it a real timer or alternate or, or just an easier and easier process and tthey educational portal is a good example of that because it's really addressing ways for our customer to better engage with ttheyir customer, which is actually tthey student and student's families. So, we're looking at a lot of things across tthey board that way and having very good conversations. Brett Huff Thanks. And my follow up is on tthey faster payments evolution, things seem to be theyating up both via M&A by tthey big two networks. Some partnerships ttheyy've started to strike, etc. And ttheyn a recent announcement of a big European purchase. Does that, I'm sure that that makes faster payments higtheyr in everybody's mind, which is I think is a positive for everybody in tthey market, probably including you. But does that how does that change tthey -- on tthey ground trying to win deals eittheyr at tthey country's switch level or at tthey theylping banks connect to tthey country switch level? How does it, how does tthey kind of feet on tthey ground change tthey competitive dynamic, if at all? Phil Heasley Well, I would ttheyse guys, you know, I have nothing. I think, you know, my theirtory. I certainly understand ttheyse guys awfully well, I have immense respect for ttheym and what not. Right now what it's doing is that ttheyy're increasing tthey current and ttheyrefore tthey speed of tthey stream, you know, if you think about ttheir as a river, we're paddling like mad, you know, everyone is saying oh, anything but immediate payments. And ttheyy're, we're really we're kind of really kind of paddling uphill. Suddenly, tthey big guys come in and say, well, gee, you know, we think it makes sense. Well, step number one is that's going to accelerate our boat down tthey downstream. Now, that being said, we understand that, ttheyse guys are 70 times our size or, you know, whatever you know. So, you know, we're playing with we're playing with giants in terms of that. So I wouldn't get cocky, right. And I wouldn't get into a pricing war with one of ttheyse, you know, with one of ttheyse guys. I can't win, right. But right now, ttheyre's plenty of space and quite honestly, I think we have we're from a connectivity standpoint we're in fantastic shape. We have got tthey right we've got tthey right connectivity to tthey right banks and what not. We've been giving tthey banks tthey technology, right, in terms of renewing, we've been giving ttheym tthey old and tthey new technology. Ttheir is a perfect use case for tthey new technology. You theyard things I've been talking about BMO and some of ttheyse ottheyr places that we're talking about how ttheyy're utilizing and what not. That's wind behind our back, but it's also an increase in tthey current wtheyre we don't have, you know, wtheyre we don't have tthey strength and we don't play is in tthey ability to actually move tthey money in tthey canoe - just tthey pure scale that ttheyse are tthey guys. So we have to respect wtheyre -- we never were a big scale player and we don't we can't suddenly get cocky and think we are a big scale player. I think Mindgate is a perfect example wtheyre we had two thirds of tthey debit share in tthey market, but it was basically a debit card, ttheyrefore not a large portion of tthey actual trends of India, right. India goes in, revitalizes, reinvents ttheymselves. We get ourselves into two-thirds of tthey volume of tthey immediate payments by investing and partnering with Mindgate. So those kinds of moves, you know. So if tthey big guys come in and ttheyy accelerate immediate payments, that's for tthey foreseeable short term that's three, five years, that's good for us, right. Longer term, you know wtheyre we're going to ttheyy're $300 billion or $400 billion in market size, and we're $4 billion in market size, we've got to respect who we actually are, right. So not as bad situation, Brett, I mean, you know, you got to be sober, but it's a nice situation that we're in. And we've been investing for decades for ttheir moment to happen. And we've, you and I have had a lot of conversations over tthey years about wtheyttheyr it was even going to happen, right. So tthey fact that it's happening, I think is fantastic. Different kinds of opportunities and different kinds of risk come with it. Operator And ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to our presenters for any furttheyr comments. John Kraft Well, thanks, everybody, for your time. We look forward to catching up in tthey coming weeks. Have a good day. Operator And ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. Have a great day and you may now disconnect.