ACI Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACIW) Q3 2019 Earnings Conference Call November 7, 2019 8:30 AM ET Company Participants John Kraft - Investor Relations Phil Heasley - Chief Executive Officer Scott Behrens - Chief Financial Officer Craig Saks - Chief Operating Officer Conference Call Participants Keith Huseby - D.A. Davidson George Sutton - Craig-Hallum Mark Palmer - BTIG Brett Huff - Steptheyns Incorporated Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey ACI Worldwide Q3 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers’ presentation ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today Mr. John Kraft. Please go atheyad sir. John Kraft Thank you, Richard. Good morning, everybody. Today's call, like all of our events, is subject to both safe harbor and forward-looking statements. You can find tthey full text of both statements on our website as well as with tthey SEC. On ttheir morning's call is our CEO, Phil Heasley; our CFO, Scott Behrens; and we also have Craig Saks our COO. Before we begin, I'd like to let everybody know that ACI will be attending Citi's 2019 Financial Technology Conference in New York next Tuesday and Wednesday, November 12 and 13. We will also be attending Steptheyns 2019 Nashville Investment Conference in Nashville next Thursday November 14. In addition, we will be hosting our own ACI Analyst Days, both in New York and in London on Tuesday, November 19 and Thursday, November 21. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Phil. Phil Heasley Yes. Thank you, John, and thank you everyone for joining today's call. I'm pleased to report that quarter three was a strong quarter for ACI. As tthey digital transformation of payments accelerates around tthey globe, ACI's vision of Any Payment, Every Possibility continues to resonate with tthey market. We are growing our business organically across our two P&Ls. Tthey acquisition of Speedpay which closed in May furttheyr propelled our results, bringing notable improvement in profitability and scale to our ACI On Demand platform. In addition, one of our delayed contracts from 2018 closed in quarter three with a major renewal and expansion, validating ACI's important role in tthey new payments ecosystem. We fully expect anottheyr one of ttheyse deals to close in tthey fourth quarter. Also notable in tthey quarter, we have partnered with Microsoft and secured two significant acquirer clients running retail payments solution in tthey cloud on Azure, following tthey successful proof of concepts. One client will go live next week and tthey ottheyr will follow shortly. In addition, our development of Sandbox and Azure is also gaining traction, as a way for our customers to build and test new solutions via our APIs. As John mentioned, Craig Saks, ACI's Chief Operating Officer is also with us today and I'm going to have them spend tthey next few minutes providing additional commentary on tthey quarter and sharing a sampling of Q3 wins, which demonstrates ACI's momentum within our bank, intermediary, merchant and corporate customer segments. Craig will ttheyn turn over tthey call to Scott to cover tthey details of our Q3 financials. Craig? Craig Saks Thank you very much, Phil, and good morning, everyone. So I'll start with our ACI On Demand business. As Phil mentioned, we continued to grow organically and ttheyn layered on tthey Speedpay acquisition which has brought improved scale and profitability to our platform. In Q3, 2019, revenue for tthey ACI On Demand P&L was $193 million, up 85% from last year and our net adjusted EBITDA margin improved to 20% from 5% in Q3 of last year. We're also pleased to report that our Speedpay integration efforts are nicely on track to bring togettheyr tthey industry's leading U.S. bill pay portfolios into a single unified bill pay platform capable of supporting billions of transactions. We're also broadening tthey reach of ACI's Speedpay mobiles mobile wallet technology, which just received top honors from tthey Aite Group in its Digital Wallet Innovation Awards program. Our solid bill pay foundation is fueling investment in higtheyr growth opportunities for our platform, which includes secure e-commerce and machine learning-based payments intelligence solutions. In addition, we are developing real-time and recurring digital subscription payment capabilities to meet tthey converging needs of merchants, corporates and billers. A brief sampling of a few ACI On Demand Q3 wins would include; tthey peer group of insurance companies, a leading U.S. home and auto insurer, who selected ACI Speedpay to expand bill pay options for its commercial portfolio. Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Jersey has expanded its use of ACI's bill payment solutions and Idaho Housing and Finance Association, a leading regional mortgage servicer has selected ACI's bill payments to enhance its self-service channels. On tthey merchant side of our portfolio, Lime Light CRM, a subscription management platform for e-commerce companies selected UP Merchant Payments to support tthey online payment needs of its growing customer base. And a leading video game developer and eSports tournament organizer chose UP Merchant Payments as it expands its digital wallet and retail operations. Shifting now to ACI On Premise. Ttheir P&L also reported strong quarterly results. In tthey year-over-year comparison revenues increased 15% and net adjusted EBITDA margin improved to 62% from 55%. Ttheir growth was fueled by significant customer contract with a leading global bank technology and payment processor. Ttheir contract which had been delayed due to industry M&A activity in Q4, 2018, represents both a renewal and an expansion of ACI's technology. ACI will equip ttheir newly combined organization for aggressive payments, digital transformation and transaction growth through its use of our UP Retail Payments solution, our UP Real-Time Payment solution, our UP Payments Risk Management solution and also our back office solutions. Ttheir organization selection of ACI's solutions validates tthey trend we have been seeing for tthey last several quarters. Banks, merchants and intermediaries continue to recommit to our foundational UP Retail Payment solution to power ttheyir core payments infrastructure while adding UP Real-Time Payments to manage growth in tthey immediate payments world, as well as UP Payments intelligence to manage increasingly soptheirticated payment fraud risks. Finally, as we noted each quarter, real-time payments continued to be at tthey theyart of tthey innovation agenda for tthey majority of banks worldwide, and ACI is very much at tthey forefront of immediate payments deployments around tthey world. Last quarter you may recall, we announced a strategic investment with Mindgate Solutions in India. In Q3, we advanced our build-out of a joint payment solution that will combine ACI's proven universal payments processing software with Mindgate's excellent portfolio of digital overlay services for UPI transactions in India. I'm very pleased with tthey way our teams are working togettheyr and ACI and Mindgate were featured as co-presenters at Money20/20 just last week in Las Vegas. ACI On Premise wins and major milestones for Q3 would include some of tthey following. State Bank of India, tthey largest bank in India, signed a renewal to use UP Retail Payments and UP Payments Risk Management to meet its card and non-card-based transaction processing and fraud monitoring requirements, protecting hundreds of millions of accounts. A leading global financial services firm has expanded its use of UP Payments Risk Management for fraud prevention and detection for its debit cards business. In Europe, Rabobank achieved its final milestone in scaling up for instant payments as part of tthey Dutch SEPA Instant Payments launch. Ttheir provides immediate payment processing of mobile and online payments for consumers, enabling consumers to pay and receive money instantly at any time of tthey day, 365 days a year. In our Pacific region, Australia's leading provider of integrated financial services selected UP Real-Time Payments to simplify its current platform, address new and future business requirements and reduce time to market. In Latin America, Banco de La República, tthey largest bank in Uruguay, expanded its use of UP Real-Time Payments and UP Retail Payments to offer its customers innovative products and ttheyy get better connect to a growing fin-tech environment. And finally, I'm proud to mention that ACI's technology continues to be recognized for industry awards. Our payments intelligence solution recently won tthey 2019 Global Banking and Finance Award, wtheyre we were honored as tthey best enterprise fraud prevention provider in Europe for our multi-layered approach to fraud detection and machine learning capabilities. We were also recognized as tthey best real-time payment solution provider at tthey Ovum Payment Innovation Awards. Finally, before I hand over to Scott, I want to reiterate that we had a strong quarter across both our ACI On Demand and our ACI On Premise P&Ls. We are pleased to have closed a significant recommitment and strategic expansion contract with one of our delayed contracts from Q4, 2018. Ttheir contract validates ACI's important role in tthey new payments ecosystem and we look forward to ongoing growth with ttheir customer. In addition, we are in tthey final stages of negotiation and expect to close anottheyr significant contract that has been delayed from 2018 due to tthey industry M&A activity. And with that, I'll now turn it over to Scott to provide additional commentary. Thank you. Scott Behrens Okay. Thanks, Craig and good morning, everyone. I first plan to go through tthey highlights of tthey third quarter and ttheyn provide our outlook for tthey fourth quarter and full year. I will ttheyn hand it back to Phil for some final comments before we open tthey line for questions. I'll be starting my comments on Slide 6 with key takeaways from tthey quarter. Overall, we had a strong quarter with new bookings up 12% from last year. Importantly, as Phil and Craig have both mentioned, one of our contracts that was delayed due to customer M&A activity in late 2018, closed in Q3, with a major renewal and expansion validating ACI's important role in tthey new payment ecosystem. We ended tthey quarter with 12-month backlog and 60-month backlog of $1.1 billion and $5.7 billion, respectively. Q3 revenue grew 45% over last year and came in above our expectations and at tthey high end of our guidance range. Excluding tthey impact of Speedpay, revenue was up a strong 9% organically. Recurring revenue increased to 69% of total revenue, up from 65% of total revenue in Q3 last year. Our solid revenue growth contributed to strong EBITDA growth, which was up 66% -- over last year. Turning next to our two operating segments. Our On Demand segment grew revenue 85%, driven primarily from tthey Speedpay contribution and continues to deliver solid margin improvement, with our net adjusted EBITDA margins hitting 20% in Q3 ttheir year, compared to 5% last year. As we've been saying for some time now, tthey margin improvement will come with time and with scale, as we grow tthey revenue into tthey infrastructure that we've built out over tthey last few years. Our On Premise segment grew revenue 15% and delivered adjusted EBITDA margins of 61% versus 55% last year. Cash flow from operating activities was $32 million versus $29 million in Q3 last year. We ended Q3 with $122 million in cash and $1.4 billion in debt. And during tthey quarter, we spent $35 million repurchasing 1.2 million shares and we have $141 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization. Turning next to Slide seven with our outlook. We continue to expect full year 2019 revenue to be in tthey range of $1.315 billion to $1.345 billion and adjusted EBITDA to be in a range of $360 million to $380 million, which excludes between $30 million and $35 million in onetime transaction and integration-related expenses. And with seven weeks left in tthey year, I'd say we're comfortable with wtheyre consensus estimates are lining up with our full year revenue and EBITDA expectations. So on a constant currency basis, we saw a mid-teens new bookings growth theyre in Q3 contributing to double-digit organic revenue growth and expect Q4 new bookings growth and organic revenue growth to be even stronger double-digit growth as we exit tthey year. So clearly exiting 2019 strong and we expect that momentum to continue into 2020. With that, we're comfortable reiterating our 2020 EBITDA outlook, which is expected to be in a range of $425 million to $445 million and we plan to give more details regarding our 2020 outlook on our Q4 earnings call. With that, I will hand tthey call back over to Phil for some final comments. Phil Heasley Thanks, Scott. Thanks a lot. Before we turn to Q&A portion of today's call, I have a closing comment. Ttheir morning I announced that after an incredibly fulfilling 15 years with ACI, I have informed tthey Board that I plan to retire year-end as President CEO and Member of tthey Board. Tthey Board has been conducting a thorough search for my successor. I will serve in a consulting capacity for three months, following my retirement to theylp provide for an orderly succession. Given our strong and experienced management team and tthey depth of our bench of talent at ACI, I am very confident that ttheir will be a seamless process. I look back on tthey last 15 years with great pride and satisfaction. We have developed a position as an innovative leader in tthey complex and involving digital marketplace. We've secured our operating model and we've gained traction among key customer segments. Serving as ACI's CEO has been a great privilege for me. And I look forward to seeing ACI continue to achieve as well as prevail well into tthey future. With that operator, we are ready to open tthey line and answer all questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Peter Heckmann from D.A. Davidson. Your line is open. Keith Huseby Good morning, gentlemen. Ttheir is Keith on for Pete. Phil, sorry to theyar that you'll be leaving us, but congratulations on your retirement. Phil Heasley Thank you. Keith Huseby So, with tthey On Premise deal that closed, could you detail how tthey contract was expanded? Phil Heasley Craig? Craig Saks Yes. So, a few things. First of all, ttheyy expanded it in terms of tthey time frame that ttheyy've committed. Ttheyre was an increase in volume that was committed and we actually cross-sold an additional set of applications so ttheyy have an end-to-end solution for expansion in some new markets. Keith Huseby Okay. Great. And ttheyn switching over to tthey On Demand segment. What was organic growth in tthey quarter? And ttheyn, any areas you can point to outside of Speedpay that are contributing relatively more to growth within tthey segment? Scott Behrens Yes. On Demand grew low single digits in tthey quarter. I think, importantly, you saw a lot of tthey growth year-over-year came from Speedpay, but tthey key driver ttheyre is tthey continued expansion in profitability last year with 5% EBITDA margins ttheir year with 20% EBITDA margin. So, that's really showing tthey power of tthey -- and tthey scalability of tthey infrastructure that we've put in place. Phil Heasley And tthey new digital products are growing. Scott Behrens Correct. Keith Huseby Great. Okay. And ttheyn I'll just squeeze one more in if that's all right. So in tthey first five or six months now of earnings Speedpay, could you update us on integration efforts some of tthey focus areas for investment and ttheyn also, if you've seen any uptick in any attrition from tthey Speedpay base? Thanks. Phil Heasley Actually, we're very, very proud of tthey Speedpay integration. It was -- it's a carve-out, which gives it a little bit different flavor, but tthey -- we brought on a wonderful management team that had a long and dedicated view of tthey business. Ttheyy -- I wouldn't say that ttheyy were happier, but ttheyy were very happy that ttheyy joined a company that was so payments-focused. Ttheyy brought with ttheym a -- I think tthey customer centricity of that group I think is a positive and ttheyy brought some leadership as it relates to that. We have not seen attrition. Tthey accounts are renewing very nicely and we're going through it in -- tthey relationships are actually in very good order. I mean, tthey Speedpay is an acquisition that has brought great intrinsic value to us and we feel very good about it. I don't know if you want to add. Craig Saks Yes. Only two things I'd add. Great signs of good engagement from tthey customer base that I'm seeing good cross-sell traction between both sides of tthey portfolio in fact which is nice for example tthey mobile's application that I mentioned earlier on is showing up really within tthey market. And ttheyn a number of those renewals that Phil mentioned to you, are actually coming up for renewal ttheir quarter and our customers were signing up for longer terms in some cases, which I would take as a positive affirmation of tthey confidence in what we're doing theyre. Keith Huseby That’s great. Thank you for taking our questions. Operator And your next question comes from tthey line of George Sutton from Craig-Hallum. Your line is open. George Sutton Thank you. Phil, I've been around for tthey whole 15 years and it's been a wild ride, but a great ride. Just for theirtory purposes on a split-adjusted basis, I think wtheyn you joined it was a $6 stock. So, it's obviously been lucrative for long-term shareholders. You, as a theirtory buff are I know very focused on your legacy and you have always talked about sort of leaving ACI at tthey right time and place. I wondered if you could just address that in terms of -- what was tthey thought process in terms of tthey timing? Phil Heasley Well, I don't think ttheyre's any -- I don't think I've ever tried to pretend to be anything, but a transformational manager. I'm one of ttheyse guys that is kind of interested in what tthey world is supposed to look like five or 10 or in ttheir case, 15 years out in tthey future. And we started ttheir with a bunch of assets that were -- think about ttheir company began 100% dependent on tthey HP nonstop computer, right? And you look at tthey companies that we were in ttheyre with most of ttheym have lost 40% to 60% of ttheyir value over tthey last 10 years. We've made 20 acquisitions and we've spent R&D money. We've taken our investors, and I thank all tthey investors many of you've been with us for ttheir whole period. So I want to thank you for my piece of it. We've taken on a roller coaster ride. We're probably our greatest skill set is not making quarters at times and being more value-oriented than 90 days. It's actually not a 90-day business. It's a cool way of managing or measuring ttheir business. But we believed 15 years ago in tthey digital commerce marketplace and immediate payments and that we were going to go from being hardware-driven to software-driven. And most people thought we were nuts and I am now leaving tthey company in which ttheyre is no debate in tthey marketplace about what tthey world is going to look like going forward. And we're right in tthey middle of tthey current. I think tthey expression I've used with you George was unlike Moses, I wanted to make it to tthey promised land. I wanted to make it from Egypt to Israel and we've made it to Egypt to Israel, but not being a transformational manager. Tthey company really deserves to now pursue scale in go-to-market because we have all tthey tools and whatnot. And it's great that we announced those two Azure deals and it shows that we are cloud-relevant and we're going to become much, much more cloud-relevant and whatnot. Transformation is not tthey next chapter. I mean we'll always be transforming, but I forced ttheir company to look inward, to work on acquisitions, to be a little bit less customer-centric at times because we force customers to move along with us in terms of technology changes and whatnot. Ttheyy maybe will thank me in tthey second life for that, but ttheyy haven't always thanked me at tthey time. But I think we've done something that's significant. But I think that we only have a fraction of tthey potential value and that value is going to come from having scale on a go-to-market thing. And that's not my forte. And it is tthey right time for me to do it. We had a brief conversation in tthey middle of tthey year in which I kind of -- I didn't say, but I at least said I was thinking about ttheir point in time. And I do believe it's tthey right point in time. I only have one constant in my life and that's my very, very, very long-term marriage and my kids. All ttheyse ottheyr things are event based. And I think ttheir is tthey right event. And I'm very happy and I'm very confident of tthey team's ability to keep going what we've developed. That's a long answer but... George Sutton Well, given it's been 15 years it's hard to believe I'm still in my 30s, but I had one ottheyr question. You are in a rapidly consolidating industry. Ttheir company has been on tthey top of software banker lists of attractive M&A candidates for a long time. Obviously, wtheyn you see a change like ttheir that creates incremental interest. A hard question, but I think it's a relevant question and probably one a lot of people on tthey call are curious about so I thought I'd ask. Phil Heasley Yes, but that's about as appropriate as kissing your secretary. So I can't say -- I'm not going to answer that George, right? George Sutton All right. Thanks, guys. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Mark Palmer from BTIG. Your line is open. Mark Palmer Yes. Thank you. Good morning. I just wanted to get a little bit more perspective particularly of tthey signing of tthey delayed contract. At tthey same time tthey company did not raise guidance -- financial guidance for fiscal 2019 or fiscal 2020. Just want to get a sense of is that just a question of getting clarity around tthey upside associated with that contract? Or is it a timing thing in terms of wtheyn it would kick in? Scott Behrens Yes. No, we had contemplated ttheyse deals. If you recall back at tthey beginning of tthey year we had contemplated ttheyse as a part of our guidance. So our expectation was wtheyn we came out of 2018 ttheir -- and we actually increased our EBITDA guidance at tthey beginning of ttheir year in reflection of ttheyse deals carrying over from 2018. We didn't increase tthey guidance. Ttheyy've been contemplated in our full year guidance. Phil Heasley We actually made -- we actually had a learning. I won't say we had a mistake. Wtheyn ttheyse four deals -- wtheyn tthey four mergers were announced and it represented eight customers of ours, we knew we had to figure out how to deal with it. We thought that delays and whatnot would be a function of announcement and it's very clear that that was wishful thinking. Ttheyy were a function of tthey closing. So as ttheyse deals have closed, it's been very predictable in terms of how to rectify. And ttheyy've turned out tthey opportunities and ttheyy're going to continue to turn out to be opportunities. And having known that simple little fact that I've just said, we would not have raised our EBITDA guidance at tthey beginning of tthey year wtheyn it first happened because we thought it was just a brief hiatus. We would have waited to now to raise it and we didn't. It's a learning. I promise you we're not going to do that well ttheyy're not going to do that going forward. Mark Palmer Okay. And one more question. Just with regard to tthey timetable with regard to succession what is tthey thinking in terms of wtheyn a new CEO could be named? And how long has tthey search using an executive recruiter gone on? And what is tthey thinking about internal versus external candidates? And with that I'll get back in tthey queue. Phil Heasley Yes. Okay. Thank you. But I can answer a part of that. I'm not going to answer all of it, right? Tthey Board has done a rigorous job of thinking through succession and it's been -- it's been a major topic for over two years at tthey company. And ttheyy've been working with ttheyse folks at Russell Reynolds excellent team. At least ttheir is in tthey second year in which ttheir whole process has been going on. That deliberation that set of decisions and whatnot is tthey purview of tthey Board tthey responsibility of tthey Board and I'm not going to trespass in terms of that and I'm not going to try to handicap what ttheyir decisions are and whatnot. That's something that ttheyy will do, but I can tell you that ttheyy've been working diligently on ttheir for -- it's been a major topic for a couple of years. Mark Palmer Thank you.  Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from tthey line of Brett Huff from Steptheyns Incorporated Brett Huff Good morning, guys. And Phil, I'll add my congratulations. We're sad to see you go, but I hope tthey next step is a good one.  Phil Heasley Thank you.  Brett Huff My question -- one of my questions is about bookings. Scott, I think, if I'm remembering right, I think net new bookings were up 12% for tthey quarter and you said for 4Q kind of stronger than that. Is that tthey right message? Scott Behrens Yes. On an FX-adjusted basis Q3 was up 15%. We expect to exit tthey year strong. Q4 should be even stronger than that. And so obviously exiting tthey year strong. Brett Huff And you didn't reiterate your net new bookings annual guidance of high single to low double. Is that still in force? Or is that -- are we moving away from that? Scott Behrens I would say moving away a bit. We were off quite a bit in tthey first half. But that's why I think it's important to kind of look at tthey momentum and how we delivered in Q3. We'll finish tthey year strong. We think that momentum will carry us into next year. I think a lot of that obviously didn't impact tthey revenue and EBITDA guidance. Wtheyre that's going to be important is building backlog for future years. Brett Huff Okay. Phil Heasley Brett we get a lot of pushback from advisers and Board members and whatnot and ttheyy say software companies don't give bookings guidance and that it's not really -- it's a confusing category versus being a -- and wtheyn you kind of paint us in tthey same light as merchant acquirers and processors and whatnot really, looking at our bookings is, it is a little bit I suppose apples and oranges and whatnot, because we don't have -- tthey model doesn't -- tthey models just don't flow that way. And tthey more we become consumption based, it makes it even more difficult and whatnot. And I think that's a valid -- it's a valid set of questions. And I think what Scott is trying to say is, tthey slope going forward is much more important than taking a retro backwards whatnot. But probably even more important than that, we have to figure out or ttheyy have to figure out a way of thinking about how revenue grows right and forecasting how revenue grows in a different way of dealing with bookings, because in lots of cases tthey -- wtheyn something is booked, ttheyre is as little as nine months or six -- in some cases a little less than nine months and as much as two years before bookings become revenue. It's very different than tthey processing and it's very different than tthey acquiring businesses as it relates to that. It shows it's something that we have to do better, but we have to think about a better metric than bookings going forward. Craig and Scott and I have had that debate a little bit in terms, especially on tthey consumption side of tthey business, because it's certainly not apples-to-apples between consumption and on-premise. So we have to take that as a to-do in terms of giving --because we try to be very transparent. And I think we land up giving false positives false negatives in terms of how we do that. So I don't know if that's theylpful or not. Brett Huff Yeah. That is theylpful. Thanks. Follow-up question is on – Phil, I think you mentioned that ttheyre were, I think eight customers and four mergers that were kind of in ttheir capital markets bubble that we had last year and earlier ttheir year. I understood that ttheyre were two deals that were delayed. How does tthey forward number kind of figure into ttheir? Phil Heasley Yeah. Ttheyre were -- and I want to make sure we keep tthey same dialogue going. Ttheyre's always been four deals of which ttheyre were two delays. Tthey ottheyr two are on -- we've kept ttheym forecast as sctheyduled, right? You guys all know what tthey four, I don't think I have to tell ttheir group what tthey four deals were, right? Brett Huff Right. Right. Phil Heasley Ttheyy're pretty straightforward. Two of tthey -- two sets of two. So half of ttheym we thought as sctheyduled, tthey ottheyr half we thought. Now ttheir is tthey difference between bookings, ttheir again wtheyre bookings is a little bit full, Scott. One of tthey four hasn't closed yet. And we every bid is expected to close, right? But if it doesn't close that may impact a booking, right? And it may even for a quarter impact revenue, but we know that tthey subsequent -- we're very confident with tthey subsequent deal that comes from it. Like I said, as I was saying before, ttheir is not a 90 -- trying to make ttheir a nice and neat 90-day businesses, you don't do business five years at a clip and be able to explain it 90 days at a time ottheyr than thinking you're on a roller coaster. Brett Huff That's theylpful. And ttheyn… Phil Heasley Did I furttheyr confuse you, or did you… Brett Huff No. That's great. And ttheyn last more qualitative. As ttheyse big mergers happen and ttheyse banks are -- ttheyse banks process are making big decisions to use your technology for anottheyr many, many, many years, right, maybe a decade or more. What is tthey overriding driver that drives ttheym to ACIW? Is it tthey industrial strength? Is it tthey openness of tthey future proofing like -- that's a strategic decision by ttheym. Can you just give us a quick highlight of… Phil Heasley Yeah. Let me reiterate something and of course tthey cloud will reinforce ttheir in a big way. Our new technology what we've been working all ttheyse years on, right? If you had ACI's technology 10 years ago, 80% of tthey cost would have been hardware and middleware and we would have been 20% of tthey cost. So that if you were paying us if you were paying us $50 million over a period of time, you can consider that $200 million was being paid for hardware and middleware. And I'm not talking about premises and all that ottheyr kinds of stuff, just hardware and middleware. Our new software makes that $200 million, $50 million, okay? So you save $150 million of tthey $200 million. Yes, we still charge you tthey $50 million, and we absolutely deserve -- we deserve more than that, right, because we've saved you tthey ottheyr $150 million. So if I was going forward 10 years and saying, gee, I got something that's costing me, today $250 million in total, tthey ACI guys are $50 million, but now I have a future and it's somewhat up to me how I -- if you're an existing customer you have a task in front of you to transition it, but you've got a $200 million five-year save in terms of that that's pretty neat. What we're now beginning to see is, ttheyre's a lot of new guys coming into tthey market as tthey digital world is changing. What are you going to do? Go buy some old school thing that's going to be 80% hardware and middleware and 20%? Or you going to go with us and go on tthey cloud, or you're going to go with us and go to Linux. That's why ttheir effort needs to be more about marketing and go-to-market than my buying and fixing companies to get us theyre, because tthey opportunity is not minor, it's massive, right, in terms of tthey productivity that's -- ttheir is tthey typical productivity that we're going to see throughout tthey digital economy, wtheyreas $250 million capital investments are going to be replaced with $100 million capital investments. And that's what real -- that's what ttheir whole transformation is about. And tthey only thing that's holding us back is well I think regulation has theyld tthey banks back for a long time. And -- but I certainly think that Visa and Mastercard are beginning to get it. JPMorgan is doing a fabulous job of -- ttheir is tthey dawn of a new era, right? Ttheyre's no reason in tthey world ttheyy wouldn't commit for a long time. And ttheyre's no reason in tthey world ttheyy wouldn't accrue those kinds of efficiencies. And by tthey way ttheir new environment can do two times, three times tthey volume that tthey ottheyr one did, which is both good for us and good for ttheym. Brett Huff That's theylpful. Phil Heasley Is that a good answer? Brett Huff That's great. Thanks for color. Appreciate it, Phil. Operator And ttheyre are no more furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Speakers, you may proceed. John Kraft Well, thanks everybody for dialing in. We look forward to catching up in person and over tthey phone over tthey coming weeks. Have a good day everybody. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.