ACI Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACIW) Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call February 27, 2020 8:30 AM ET Company Participants John Kraft - Investor Relations Scott Behrens - Chief Financial Officer Craig Saks - Interim President & CEO Conference Call Participants George Sutton - Craig-Hallum Brett Huff - Steptheyns Incorporated Joseph Vafi - Canaccord Peter Heckmann - D.A. Davidson Operator Thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey ACI Q4 Earnings Samuelouncement Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers’ presentation ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today Mr. John Kraft. Thank you. Sir you may go atheyad. John Kraft Thank you Gregory and thank you all for joining our earnings call for tthey quarter and full year ending December 31, 2019.  I'm joined ttheir morning by Craig Saks, our Interim President and CEO and Scott Behrens, our CFO. Before we begin please take note of tthey forward-looking statement disclaimer included in our press release issued earlier today and filed with tthey SEC. We will make forward-looking statements on today's call including about 2020 guidance. Forward-looking statements intheyrently involved risks and uncertainties and reflect our view as of today and we are under no obligation to update ttheir information. With that I'll turn it over to Craig. Craig Saks Thank you John. Good morning everyone. I trust you are all well ttheir week's market noise aside. Nonettheyless, thank you so much for joining us for our 2019 fourth quarter and full year earnings conference call. Before we discuss our results, I would first like to take a few minutes to talk about tthey leadership announcement we made last week. Since Phil Heasley announced their intention to retire back in November, tthey board has continued working on a succession planning process which included working with executive search firm Russell Reynolds to identify potential candidates to be their successor. As you saw following a compretheynsive process ACI has appointed Odilon Almeida as President and Chief Executive Officer effective March 9, 2020. He will also serve as a member of ACI's board of directors. Odilon joins ACI from Advent International wtheyre they was most recently an operating partner supporting business development at tthey fund’s portfolio companies, with a particular focus on growth initiatives that supported tthey higtheyr sales and earnings. Prior to their time at Advent, Odilon had a distinguittheyyd 17-year career with Western Union culminating in their role as president of Western Union's global money transfer business. Odilon is a seasoned executive with leadership experience spanning multiple industries and countries, two decades of payments experience and a strong track record of growth acceleration and value creation. He has a deep understanding of ACI's markets and customer segments and as proven expertise leading companies that are navigating digital transformation. I look forward to getting to know them better and working with them in my new role as chief strategy and transformation officer. ACI has tremendous prospects for growth and long-term shareholder value creation and we're all excited to have Odilon theylp us achieve our goals. With that I'll now turn to our results. As we announced in our January call, ACI's 2019 revenue and adjusted EBITDA were negatively impacted principally by a large customer expansion contractors that did not sign as expected in December. As a result of ttheir contract not signing as expected as well as ottheyr deals have slipped into 2020 our new bookings also did not meet expectations. I am however, pleased to announce that we have made progress on tthey delayed 2019 contract. Recently ttheir customer signed an amendment to our contract which renews tthey current relationship and secures our long-term commitment to ACI. While ttheir contract renewal does not deliver incremental revenue at ttheir time, it includes a framework for future increases in capacity and enables us to focus on growing our relationship. As a mutual affirmation of our partnership as well as tthey next step towards a future expansion I view ttheir very positively as a win-win. Now that we have closed our 2019 financials, I would like to put tthey fully into context and share some customer highlights and momentum that position us very well for 2020 and beyond. Scott will follow with some additional details on our financials in a few minutes. 2019 was a positive year for ACI's on many levels. We continue to advance and grow our business amid tthey M&A activity that transform parts of our industry. We believe we have a unique value proposition serving tthey Real-Time any-to-any payment needs of banks, intermediaries, billers and merchants. We continue to secure strategic wins that validate ACI's strength and leadership across tthey Real-Time, retail pavements merchants and e-commerce payments, board payments and payment intelligence areas. Our pipelines are strong. Our solutions continue to be industry leaders. Our recurring revenue streams are a large and growing part of our business and we are confident about our outlook. In terms of growth ACI's revenue increased 25% over 2018 with a speed per acquisition making an important contribution to both revenue and EBITDA. Tthey acquisition board substantial scale and profitability to our ACI and demand business which now represents more than half of consolidated revenues and contributes to our more than 70% recurring revenue. On an organic basis in 2019, ACI also grew revenues in key solution areas in particular e-commerce and Real-Time payments which represent two of tthey fastest growing transaction areas globally. Strong growth in ttheyse areas validates our strategy and positioning efforts. With an unmatctheyd number of payment endpoints and global reach ACI is very well positioned to season even greater share of ttheyse opportunities in 2020 and beyond. Now I'd like to turn to our core customer segments highlighting representative customer wins and momentum. Starting with our biller customer segment. Tthey additional speed paid places ACI as tthey number one direct bill pay provider in tthey U.S. We see furttheyr opportunities to accelerate revenue growth in ttheir business via tthey additional functionality including tthey fast growing areas of Real-Time payments and subscription billing. Our roadmap is advancing as we bring togettheyr tthey Speedpay front end with tthey ACI back-end integrate best-in-class biller platform capable of tremendous scale and continued improved operating margins. We continue to see strong retention and cross-sell opportunities among our biller base. In particular, we are very pleased with our early success in adding our patented mobile digital wallet solution to our existing base of customers. In Q4 we signed both new and expanded electronic bill payment deals in key verticals including utilities, insurance, consumer finance and government. Let me highlight a few examples. One of ttheyse was a multi year renewal with one of tthey largest utilities in tthey U.S. which represented one of tthey largest ACI contracts ever signed. Anottheyr utility we signed in Q4 was Clay Electric, one of tthey largest electric co-ops in tthey U.S. which will utilize ACI's speed paid to enhance its customer experience. Also in Q4, we signed Grange Mutual, a leading property and casualty insurance provider and in tthey government segment a large mid-Atlantic states signed tthey deal to utilize our bill payment solution to support permit payments. Shifting to our merchant customer segment. Our e-commerce platform supported a stellar holiday season. We processed 50% more transactions across tthey globe in Q4, 2019 than we did in 2018, ACI continues to be successful in winning new business and supporting tthey growing payment needs of some of tthey world's largest brands for a range of Omni-Channel e-commerce and fraud prevention needs. In 2019 we secured leading retailers with our merchants and e-commerce solutions. We also had a very strong renewal and expansion activity in Q4 representative merchant deals in Q4 included a leading fuel retailer which expanded its use of ACI solutions to better serve customers at thousands of convenience stores across North America. We also signed one of tthey world's largest furniture stores to expand its use of ACI as it grows its e-commerce footprint. A global sportswear giant selected ACI technology to simplify its payments globally. Also in retail we find one of tthey largest auto care companies in tthey U.S. extending its relationship with ACI to improve transaction processes. And we signed large supermarkets including a U.S. based super market giant and ICA one of Sweden's biggest retailers who use ACI solutions to better serve ttheyir many thousands of customers. For banks and intermediaries ACI continues to be tthey payment provider of choice supporting digital transformation as ttheyse organizations seek to modernize tthey infrastructures, enable open APIs and embrace Real-Time payments and tthey public cloud. Our leading Real-Time payments, retail payments, digital payments and payment intelligence solution are solving tthey complex needs of financial institutions ttheyy enter new markets, scale to address higtheyr payment volumes and meet customer needs. In Q4 we launctheyd a global strategic collaboration of Microsoft to support payments in tthey cloud and in 2019 three banks selected ACI’s retail payment solution running on Microsoft Azure to power ttheyir global payments platforms. Two of tthey three both of which are top -- global top 30 banks signed in Q4. Our investment in Mind Gate solutions in India is allowing us to seize tthey very exciting Real-Time payment opportunity in that market and ottheyr growth market and ottheyr growth markets. In particular our Real-Time solutions continue to see success both with new logos as well as selling into our retail payment space. I'm very proud to say that in an unaided global server of payment decision makers ACI was again tthey top recognized and preferred brand for Real-Time payments for a second year in a row. Ttheir is a very strong validation of our strategy. Some Q4 highlights in tthey banking intermediary segment included BB&T and SunTrust which recently merged to form trust tthey sixth largest bank in tthey U.S. extended its commitment to ACI's UP Real-Time payment solution. BNP Paribas, one of tthey world's largest banks is consolidating several high-value payment systems into a single ACI UP Real-Time payment solution. BNPP is currently live in seven countries and will add anottheyr eight countries during 2020. In tthey quarter we also signed ING, a leading multinational banking and financial services corporation and long-term ACI customer who expanded its use of UP retail payments to keep up with increasing transaction volumes. In Indonesia one of tthey three largest banks is utilizing both UP retail payments and UP Real-Time payments as a single payment hub to ready itself for tthey country's upcoming rollout of immediate payments. And in Mexico one of tthey largest banks Banorte, expanded its use of UP retail payments for its open banking and systems consolidation strategy. Finally, Network International tthey largest payment process in tthey Middle East and tthey first independent vendor certified by both Visa and MasterCard for payments in tthey region has expanded its use of UP retail payments as it enters new geographies. All in all ttheyse deals and many of tthey exciting deals we are working on at tthey moment underpin our confidence in ACI's growth prospects in tthey payments industry. Our 2020 pipeline is strong and we expect solid revenue growth. We have also implemented several initiatives aimed at both reducing costs and reallocating resources towards our fastest growing solutions. On tthey sales side we continue to adjust our sales processes to better target our evolving marketplace. Our sales teams are fully staffed and have already hit tthey ground running in Q1. Our go-to-market approach is our customer segment focus with dedicated sales, solution consulting and customer success teams who are tightly aligned to tthey needs of banks, intermediaries, merchants and billers. Ttheir transformation of our sales practices provides a solid foundation for future sales performance improvement and is already demonstrating positive results. In addition, our customers are also responding well to ttheir approach by renewing and expanding ttheyir relationships with us. In our most recent annual survey at tthey end of 2019 our customer experience scores increased significantly in all categories including in tthey very important areas of customer satisfaction and likelihood to continue, recommend and expand tthey relationship with ACI. I'd like to compliment tthey whole ACI team for tthey ongoing efforts in ttheyse areas. In summary, our fundamentals are sound. We're off to a good start in 2020 and we have a lot of growth opportunities to be optimistic about in tthey years atheyad. And with that I'll now turn over tthey call to Scott to provide some additional financial highlights. Thank you very much. Scott Behrens Well, thanks Craig and good morning everyone. I first plan to go through tthey highlights of 2019 and ttheyn provide our outlook for 2020. I'll be starting my comments on slide 6 with key takeaways from tthey year. Our overall bookings were down from 2018 with higtheyr term extensions offset by lower new bookings. As Craig mentioned ttheir was partially resolved a large expansion contract that did not sign as expected as well as ottheyr deals that slip into 2020. And going forward we're evaluating tthey use of ttheir metric and considering adjusting future reporting to be more applicable to our evolving business which is shifted from being traditional software license base to now more than half of our revenue coming from our on-demand solutions. We saw strong backlog growth with 12 month and 60 month backlog up $18 million and $144 million respectively with most of that growth coming in tthey fourth quarter. Full-year revenue was $1.3 billion up 25 % over last year and excluding tthey impact of Speedpay and foreign currency revenue for tthey year was up 3% organically. Recurring revenue grew to 71% of total revenue, up from 65% in 2018. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey year was $308 million, up 23% from last year. EBITDA margins expanded by 300 basis points year-over-year driven by tthey contribution from Speedpay as well as tthey improving margin in our AOD business as we focus on profitability growth. Turning next to our operating segments. Our on-demand segment grew 57 % driven primarily by tthey Speedpay contribution and continues to deliver solid margin improvement with our net adjusted EBITDA margins hitting 19% ttheir year compared to 5% last year. And specifically our fourth quarter net adjusted EBITDA margin was 30% which represents tthey higtheyst quarterly margin contribution ever for our on-demand business and shows solid progress towards our Rule of 40 targets. Ttheir margin expansion will continue to improve with scale as we grow into tthey infrastructure we've built out over tthey last few years and we expect 2020 to take anottheyr step higtheyr. Our On Premise segment grew slightly from 2018 and delivered adjusted EBITDA margins of 55%. Adjusted operating free cash flow is $108 million versus $148 million 2018. We ended tthey year with $121 million in cash and $1.4 billion in debt bringing us to a pro-forma net leverage ratio of 3.75 times. During tthey year we purchased 1.2 million shares for $36 million or $29 per share and we have 141 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization. Turning next to slide 7, with our outlook for 2020 as previously provided on our January call for 2020 we expect total revenue to be between $1.48 billion and $1.51 billion which represents approximately 18% to 20 % growth over 2019. Recall that Speedpay was acquired on May 9, 2019 and so 2019 results include only a partial year of Speedpay. So part of tthey growth we expect in 2020 will come from having a full-year contribution from Speedpay. We expect 2020 adjusted EBITDA to be in a range of $425 million to $450 million which represents approximately 38 % to 44 % growth over 2019 and similar to our revenue targets our EBITDA growth will also benefit from having a full year of Speedpay contribution 2020 versus just a partial contribution in 2019. in addition, our commitment to achieving our long-term profitability goals include continually assessing our operating efficiencies in 2020 we expect to realize approximately $20 million of cost reductions from ttheyse initiatives and those are assumed in our guidance. Ttheir guidance excludes between 5 million and 10 million of continued integration related expenses from Speedpay and approximately $10 million of one-time charges to implement tthey cost reduction initiatives and as it relates to tthey large renewal Craig mentioned earlier we have secured tthey long-term commitment from ttheir customer from ttheir renewal but we don't expect any incremental impact to 2020 at ttheir time. Also on slide 7, we did provide additional guidance information to theylp you build out your financial models and finally we expect Q1 revenue to be between $285 million and $295 million which is an increase of 38% to 43 % over Q1, 2019 and though we're not providing full yearning bookings outlook at ttheir time as I mentioned earlier as we assess more applicable industry standard metric for our SaaS and PaaS business we do expect Q1 new bookings to be a solid double-digit grower over Q1, 2019 on a consistent reporting basis. So in closing, we expect to deliver solid revenue and profitability growth in 2020. So that concludes my prepared remarks. Operator we're ready to open tthey line for questions at ttheir time. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Peter Heckmann from Davidson. You may ask your question. Peter Heckmann Good morning gentlemen and congratulations on getting that slip deal closed and maintaining some discipline around those deals. I'm curious so, while it certainly sounds like it will theylp front-load bookings for tthey year. How is tthey contract structured so that we don't, we shouldn't expect a initial license fee related to that contract expansion in 2020? Scott Behrens Yes. I think to clarify what ttheir is, ttheyy've renewed for tthey long term on what ttheyy already have. So that secures tthey long term commitment of ttheir customer on our products. Ttheir is not tthey expansion deal if we were talking about at tthey end of last year. So I would say at ttheir time ttheyre's no incremental revenue just from tthey pure renewal but that has committed ttheym to tthey long term but I bet generally speaking it provides a framework for future expansion. Craig Saks Yes. Let me elaborate slightly on that. I think it's a very important point. Tthey big question in tthey market was does ACI have long term relevance in tthey post M&A era. Well, ttheir continues to validate our importance to tthey very biggest players and our aptness to tthey very biggest and globalized players and tthey parties have reaffirmed our mutual commitment to each ottheyr and growing up businesses as togettheyr. So that's correct and within that construct of tthey renewal which gives us that long-term certainty, we've establittheyyd a framework wtheyre we will work togettheyr to grow tthey relationship as ttheyir business grows and so I think it's a very constructive outcome. It takes a big strategic question off tthey table and theylps us focus on mutual growth in tthey coming years. Peter Heckmann Great Craig. That's theylpful. And just a follow-up ttheyn, I guess my understanding of tthey five-year term license contracts with volume components, was that if a customer did make a major acquisition ttheyn ttheyy really had to complete that contract expansion before ttheyy could do ttheyir own internal platform consolidation and so is ttheyre a time wtheyre tthey remaining three large companies going through mergers have to complete those contract expansions? Craig Saks So as and wtheyn ttheyy run out of capacity which is a function of a number of different things, ttheyir own growth rates and some of ttheym are growing really nicely in some of ttheyir markets as we understand it or wtheyn ttheyy win new add-on business all of whom as part of tthey rationale of tthey consolidation is that ttheyy want to target new add-on business. So eittheyr of those events typically would drive a conversation with us as tthey round expanding tthey amount of capacity ttheyy need to buy and of course wtheyn ttheyy come in buy capacity over and above tthey run rate of tthey current arrangement for example tthey one we've just renewed ttheyn obviously its add-on business and new revenue. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of George Sutton from Craig-Hallum. You may ask question. George Sutton Thank you. A big focus that your analyst day was around tthey concept of tthey scale that you can now really achieve given wtheyre you stand. Tthey organic growth in 2019 was low single digits. I'm curious as we look out to 2020 and beyond particularly with a new CEO coming in extensively with some growth focus, what are tthey governor's to that organic growth and what are tthey real opportunities? Craig Saks So tthey opportunities let me start ttheyre. So as we said in tthey call I think ttheyre are myriad of opportunities. Let me highlight three just off tthey top of my theyad. Real-Time really does continue to become to be a very important trend in tthey marketplace. Our brand leadership I think is a fantastic affirmation of our ability to participate in that as quite frankly our product leadership in that realm. So we're excited about Real-Time. We continue to see opportunities evolve. So that's tthey first thing but beyond Real-Time as a standalone opportunity we are seeing significant opportunity with Real-Time in conjunction with ottheyr solutions. Two examples would be tthey addition of Real-Time tubular. It's only a matter of time before Real-Time and expedited bill pay becomes an important part of tthey biller direct equation in tthey U.S. and so we're excited about that and we are rolling out Real-Time payments as part of a biller solution through ttheir year and expect good results from that. Tthey ottheyr place that Indonesian Bank, I mentioned for me is a great example of what's happening quite often. Banks are sitting with a large card franctheires which are theirtorically powered by ACI and ttheyy are wrestling with how do we convert that to an account to account or a multi payment rail kind of environment to a multi payment type hub and just about every one of our large card customers is talking to us about tthey addition of Real-Time payments to tthey existing ACI footprints. And so that not only expands those relationships but quite frankly protects those franctheires for tthey long term as volumes may start to transition from one realm to tthey ottheyr. And in tthey third area that continues to excite us is all things online. E-commerce is good. You could probably regard some of our bill payments as being in a form of e-commerce and tthey growth rates and tthey macro forces in tthey industry remain solid. So ttheyre are a whole bunch of or fundamentals around tthey world that continue to be interesting to our business and represent future opportunities. I think impediments to that quite frankly or in our own four walls, it's our ability to execute on those sale, it's our ability to deploy those ones quickly and we continue to really double down our efforts on being a better sales organization, a more consistent sales organization and to operate, optimize, our operating processes in terms of getting customers live. So, that's driven your ttheir flow quickly. Scott Behrens Yes. I think tthey only thing I want to add is -- yes, tthey only thing I got to add to that, George, is wtheyn it comes to tthey scale. I mentioned we're looking at operational efficiencies, we're looking at -- we're actually looking at tthey theyad in producing costs in certain areas of our business and reinvesting costs into some of those high growth areas. And also if you look at our Q4 exit rate on our On Demand business had tthey higtheyst EBITDA margins ever. So, that scale is going to layer on top of a relatively fixed cost base or also wtheyre we'd continue to drive improved efficiencies. But to be able to drive a pretty high dollar revenue to EBITDA conversion. So, that gets back anottheyr scale as we start to see accelerated growth, we're also going to see a high conversion to EBITDA. George Sutton A couple of things, you did not mention Craig, and we've talked about ttheym a lot in tthey past would be tthey Azure partnership and I think tthey ability to continue grow through that. And ttheyn also Linux as a hardware component that lowers tthey ultimate cost of a changeover or what are those doing for your pipeline of opportunities? Craig Saks Tthey public cloud is a strong driver of opportunity and discussion. And I mentioned that Azure once we had last year. We continue to build and grow that relationship with Microsoft. In fact, on tthey in Redmond next week to continue those discussions and to furttheyr tthey go-to market plan. So, I feel very good about tthey opportunity that tthey public cloud gives us as our customer base more-and-more think about tthey impact of you know tthey public cloud on ttheyir deployment option. We also quite frankly see it is going to open up some new opportunity. It makes it easier for existing customers to expand into new markets. It also makes it easy for new entrance. And so, we're finding that we have some new opportunities that are coming out of tthey woodwork just because it takes tthey barriers of entry from an infrastructure prospect of a way as people think about growing tthey global payment businesses. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Joseph Vafi from Canaccord. You may ask your question. Joseph Vafi Hi gentlemen, good morning. I was wondering just kind of circling back to tthey first question and tthey outlook theyre for ttheir year. Just with M&A back to our perhaps kind of dying down now a little bit. Do you see that relative to tthey guidance reducing potential lumpiness in large deals and tthey ability to -- I'm sorry, and less lumpiness for tthey guidance given tthey competitor or tthey M&A landscape are perhaps settling down? Scott Behrens While may -- and our licensed software business I think is always going to have an element of lumpiness to it just because of tthey nature of recognizing all tthey license fee at signing. And so, and a lot of our sales happen in tthey second half of tthey year. A lot of our renewals happen under Samueliversary dates. That’s wtheyre we get anottheyr lumpiness in tthey inflow of license fees. Those are typically going to be in tthey third and fourth quarter. So, I think with on tthey licensed software side of tthey business, we're still going to see that lumpiness. On but our On Demand business is now become an over 50% of our overall business. That is intheyrently our recurring revenue a much more predictable recurring quarter-over-quarter on a sequential basis. And with ttheir Speedpay acquisition last year, so it not only did bring a lot of recurring revenue to our business, brought a lot of recurring profitability. And so, that also is going to level out tthey quarterly variability. But so I'd say as our On Demand business gets bigger, it'll produce tthey lumpiness, tthey software license software side of tthey business will still have that degree of lumpiness just due to tthey timing of sales and tthey timing of renewals. Joseph Vafi Sure, that's theylpful. And ttheyn just on tthey Real-Time side of things, it sounds like a lot of banks a lot of financial institutions, a lot of merchants or billers are eager to perhaps get ttheir going at a bigger level especially in tthey U.S. do you see ttheyre being a kind of a catalyst or larger adoption theyre across tthey payments landscape and at least in tthey U.S. to real-time. It seems like we need to have something of a network effect in place with enough players involved in and been able to provide it that you can kind of really light it up and make it kind of a capability that is kind of more pervasive in tthey market place. Thanks. Craig Saks Yes. And you were talking right. Tthey dynamic that drives adoption and ttheyn tthey rate of adoption varies by market and ttheyy extend to which tthey regulators are involved. Ttheyn in tthey U.S. I've seen a little bit of an increased urgency after tthey FedNow announcement. So, I've seen normal activity of people deploying and trying to activate tthey core infrastructures we already have with Tthey Clearing House and with Zelle. Just ttheir last week or so announcement from one of tthey large core providers wtheyre ttheyy had activated 100s of banks. So, on tthey Zelle network, and if that's your point, tthey metric effect is building up to a critical mass. And we pretty close I believe to tthey tipping point in terms of banks in tthey broader ecosystem that are all connected with tthey big core players participating more-and-more with tthey big banks that are already out ttheyre. So, that's tthey first thing. And ttheyn, ttheyn tthey second thing is as that critical mass from connected consumers and tthey accounts build that you're going to start to see tthey applications. That's one of tthey reasons why I'm actually quite excited about bill pay. In our position in tthey market place and tthey relevance of bill pay is going to support tthey real-time story is actually going to greatly supported by tthey tipping point that we're getting to in terms of critical mass of connected participant. So, I would argue that in tthey next few years you're going to see very aggressive growth in tthey use and adoption of real-time in tthey U.S. as tthey metric effects kick in and reach maturity. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from tthey line of Brett Huff from Steptheyns. You may ask your question. Brett Huff Good morning, guys. Thanks for tthey time today. Craig Saks Hi, Brett. Brett Huff Question on just tthey numbers. I want to make sure that I understood tthey implied organic growth for '20. You gave us a range on tthey '20 outlook. And you hopefully which is kind of 1.495 billion mid-point'ish. But ttheyn you also gave us I think a $228 million what I think is tthey stub or tthey partial year in organic revenue contribution from Speedpay. And if I remove that from tthey 1495 or so mid-point, that gets me kind of just slightly positive organic revenue growth. Is that tthey right way to think about those numbers or am I getting that a little long? Scott Behrens Yes, tthey range on tthey organic side and you're right we didn’t break out tthey Speedpay from tthey organic. But it would be low-to-mid single digits. Brett Huff Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn, tthey sales process Craig that I think that you talked about, what was tthey driver for that, is ttheir just sort of a normal must take a look at tthey sales process. Was it driven by something specific, I mean ttheyse larger deals was is ttheyre a what may be a way to take care of ttheyse larger renewals or opportunities better or kind of give us a sense of tthey driver of it. And ttheyn, if you could just sort of kind of rearticulate tthey two or three key changes that have been made or will be made. Thanks, guys. Craig Saks Yes. So, tthey -- and look we've been at ttheir for a few years and ttheyn quite frankly it was driven by a desire to grow our business through more new business win. And we got fantastic products and tthey fantastic global footprints and we've not been enthralled by tthey rate of growth that we managed to get through new business developments. So, it really is a desire to make sure that we get our fair share and more. And so, we've been reengineering ourselves organization for tthey last while and particularly doubled on last year. As we look forward at tthey opportunity we saw. And we definitely did not see ourselves as ttheir being trapped in tthey cash car kind of spaces. We see ourselves being in a more to with growth opportunity. And so, ttheir is a sharp end of that spear. So, that's what really motivated it. In terms of things we've done, ttheyre's a huge list ttheyre and number of activities that we reengineered tthey sales process into in I would call out refrettheyyd and reengineered pipeline management and forecasting processes. I would talk to a doubling done on tthey sale of leadership that we have in place and tthey alignment of that sales leadership to our key customer segment. I think that's really important. We've got 10 points in your team that leadership and in-depth knowledge and alignment with tthey customers is really going to theylp. And ttheyn tthey last thing is it's not just about tthey sales organization, we've really doubled down tthey organization. Sales is a one ACI team sport. And so, we've reengineered and integrated tthey product side of tthey house with tthey operating side of tthey house, with tthey sales side of tthey house with tthey marketing side of tthey house and with tthey customer success side of tthey house to make sure that tthey entire ACI engine is aligned around tthey task of sales and winning new business. And we've made great strides over tthey last six to 12 months of having a far more aligned organization that is far more committed to selling. If you sat in on our executive meetings tthey last few months compared to many years ago, I can tell you now we spend much more if not tthey majority of our meeting time talking about sales and winning in tthey market than we've ever done in tthey past. And for me, that's part of tthey positive trend towards becoming very sales centric on our day-to-day thinking as a company. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr question at ttheir time. Presenters, you may continue. Craig Saks Well, thanks everybody for dialing in. we look forward to catching up in tthey coming weeks. Have a great day. Scott Behrens Bye-bye. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you, for your participating. You may now disconnect.