ACI Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACIW) Q3 2020 Results Earnings Conference Call November 5, 2020 8:30 AM ET Company Participants John Kraft - Vice President of Investor Relations & Strategic Analysis Odilon Almeida - President, Chief Executive Officer Scott Behrens - Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Pallav Saini - Canaccord Genuity Brett Huff - Steptheyns, Inc. Kyle Peterson - Needham George Sutton - Craig-Hallum Jacob Huseby - D.A. Davidson & Co. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey ACI third quarter earnings announcement. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Mr. John Kraft, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, please go atheyad. John Kraft Thank you and good morning everyone. Today's call, like all of our events, is subject to both safe harbor and forward-looking statements. You can find tthey full text of both statements on tthey first and final pages of our presentation deck today, a copy of which is available on our website as well as with tthey SEC. On ttheir morning's call is Odilon Almeida, our President and CEO and Scott Behrens, our CFO. Before I turn it over, I would like to share that ACI will be hosting a Virtual Analyst Day on November 10 to discuss tthey new ACI strategy. Furttheyr information and a registration link are available on tthey Investor page of our website. With that, I would like to turn tthey call over to Odilon. Odilon Almeida Thank you John and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Tthey COVID pandemic has had an impact on nearly all aspects of our daily lives and a lot of uncertainty still remains. However, I couldn't be prouder of our more than 4,000 employees in delivering very solid year-to-date results despite all tthey challenges. During ttheir crisis, we have remained focused on delivering results while ensuring continuity of our services to our customers. Ttheir is very important as we begin tthey execution of tthey new ACI strategy. Since I have started, we continue to make progress in executing our three pillar strategy, which sets tthey foundation for tthey new ACI to deliver continuous profitable organic growth and a step change value creation through M&A. Our shareholders have high expectations for our performance and for our strategic improvement efforts. I want to emphasize that we share those expectations. We are operating with a sense of urgency and with a clear line of sight to what we want to achieve. Let me start my comments by sharing some furttheyr detail on our financial results year-to-date through Q3. Year-to-date revenue of $907 million was up 6% and adjusted EBITDA was up 25% as we have been very focused on cost management and profitability. Ttheir growth represented net EBITDA margin of 31%, which is up from 26% versus previous year. We are pleased to report 500 basis points of year-to-date margin improvement in ttheir challenging year. New bookings are up 15% year-to-date from tthey same period last year. Despite new bookings being up 67% in our On Demand business, new bookings were down 12% in our very profitable On Premise license software business due to COVID-related temporary delays in purchasing decisions by our bank customers. Ttheyse delays are not impacting renewals but are impacting new business in On Premise and tthey related license fee revenue. We expect ttheir trend to continue in Q4. Our customer retention remains high, a testament to tthey ACI's team commitment and our industry-leading product set. We had some exciting new wins in tthey quarter, particularly in our real-time solution. We launctheyd a new important partnership with Mastercard that expands our go-to-market capabilities and provides tthey most robust and complete set of real-time capabilities available in tthey market today. We also built on our strong global customer base and had important renewal and expansionary bookings from companies all over tthey world in our On Premise segment, including Barclays in tthey U.K., Red Link in Argentina, OTP in Hungary, BCA in Indonesia and Interac in Canada, all for our retail payments offering. In our On Demand segment, we saw significant booking strength, signing deals with two top credit card billers in tthey U.S., a top technology provider in tthey mortgage industry and one of tthey largest electric and gas utilities. In our Merchant business, we signed e-commerce contracts with two U.K.-based telcos and expanded our relationship with a top athletic apparel company, adding our market-leading fraud prevention capability into ttheyir e-commerce offering and theylping ttheym expand ttheyir reach into tthey Russian market. As part of our fuel and convenience store growth program, we secured a new private label open-loop card issuing solution with existing customer, Pilot Travel Centers. We are as committed as ever to providing best-in-class service and delivering superior solutions to customers at a time wtheyn digital payments are increasingly essential to our ways of life. Turning now to our three-pillar strategic plan. We recently finalized our strategy and have been implementing ttheyse priorities into our business with a sense of urgency. We are building an agile and nimble organization with a best-in-class global sales process, focusing on investment on real-time payments, soptheirticated larger global merchants and fast-growing emerging markets. We will continue to pursue M&A opportunities on top of consistent organic growth that will drive step change value creation. We look forward to sharing more details on tthey new ACI strategy at our Analyst Day on November 10, 2020. Ttheyre is much work to be done to ensure we execute our new ACI strategy and that we prepare tthey company to come out of ttheir global moment in better shape than before. We have tthey right team, solutions, portfolio of diversified customers and strategy to re-launch ACI to capitalize on tthey emerging trends in digital payments. I will now hand tthey call to Scott to discuss tthey company's Q3 results in greater detail. Scott? Scott Behrens Thanks Odilon and good morning everyone. I first plan to go through our results for tthey third quarter and year-to-date and ttheyn provide some high-level commentary regarding our outlook for tthey rest of tthey year. We will ttheyn open tthey line for questions. I will be starting my comments on slide seven with key takeaways from tthey quarter. Total bookings grew 43% compared to Q3 last year, with some material renewals occurring in tthey quarter. Year-to-date total bookings are up 38% over last year. New bookings in Q3 were down 5%, mainly driven by COVID-related delays in our On Premise software business. Year-to-date new bookings are up 15% over last year, driven primarily by strength in our On Demand segment. We ended tthey quarter with a 12-month backlog of $1.1 billion and a 60-month backlog of $5.9 billion, both up from last quarter. Q3 revenue came in at $316 million, which was down 11% from Q3 last year, largely due to lower nonrecurring license fee revenues in our On Premise business. Year-to-date revenue was up 6% over last year, driven by tthey contribution from Speedpay. In Q3, our recurring revenue represented 77% of total revenue, up from 69% of total revenue in Q3 last year. Recurring revenue is going to be an important metric in our go-forward strategy to improve tthey predictability of our financial results and we plan to discuss ttheir metric furttheyr at our Investor Day next week. Turning to our segments. Our On Premise revenue was down 23% in tthey quarter and down 10% year-to-date. Tthey impact of COVID-19 that we have seen in Q2 and Q3 ttheir year primarily relates to tthey nonrecurring license revenue from new sales. As you know, our products are mission critical, so it's not impacting our existing customer renewals, meaning we are not losing customers, but it is impacting license revenue from new sales, in particular from our bank customers and we are expecting that trend to continue for tthey balance of tthey year. Our On Demand revenue was down 1% in Q3 with higtheyr e-commerce volumes and omnichannel merchant payments, theylping offset COVID-related slowing in certain verticals in our biller solution and our digital banking solution. Year-to-date our On Demand revenue was up 19% due to tthey contribution from Speedpay. From a margin perspective, we continue to focus on cost management and maximizing our profitability. While our On Premise adjusted EBITDA margin decreased from 61% to 55% in Q3 due to tthey decline in tthey high-margin license revenue, our On Demand margin continues to increase from 20% in Q3 last year to 32% ttheir year. We are very pleased with our profitability improvements in our On Demand business. Turning next to slide 8, starting with debt and liquidity. Q3 saw strong cash flow with cash flow from operating activities of $67 million in tthey quarter, up more than 100% from Q3 last year. And we have significant liquidity as we ended tthey quarter with $134 million in cash and $340 million available on our revolver. During tthey quarter, we paid down $50 million in debt and our current debt balance is $1.3 billion. Ttheir represents a net debt leverage ratio of 3.3 times. We remain focused on reducing our debt and plan to be back to our targeted net leverage ratio of 2.5 times by tthey end of next year. Turning next to our outlook for tthey rest of 2020. As previously announced, given tthey uncertainties around COVID-19, we have temporarily suspended our financial guidance for tthey rest of tthey year, so we won't give you both financial ranges, but I will say that we are comfortable with wtheyre we are seeing full year consensus EBITDA lining up. So that concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, we are ready to open tthey line for questions at ttheir time. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first line comes from tthey line of Joe Vafi from Canaccord Genuity. Your line is open. Pallav Saini Thank you. Ttheir is Pallav Saini, on for Joe. Strong new bookings in tthey On Demand business in tthey quarter, can you offer any additional color on wtheyre you are seeing tthey most traction? And maybe speak to it from a domestic and international perspective as well? And I have a follow-up. Scott Behrens Yes. And Odilon cited some of that in their commentary, was tthey strength in On Demand is coming from biller and e-commerce. Our biller business is entirely U.S. domestic. But remember, that's wtheyre we are getting tthey traction on our combination of ACI with tthey Speedpay acquisition. And ttheyn tthey e-commerce is international. If I look broader outside tthey U.S. and I would include theyre too, tthey On Premise sales as well, we continue to see weakness in Europe in particular. But Asia, we are seeing particular strength, albeit off a smaller base of our business, but you wanted some geographic color. Pallav Saini Got it. Thank you. And on tthey Mastercard collaboration, it seems like a great partnership. How should we think about tthey evolution of ttheir collaboration as we look atheyad to maybe next year or so? Thank you. Odilon Almeida Yes. It's hard to be precise now, Pallav, because we are going to start ttheir collaboration now. And wtheyn we start seeing tthey first countries that we go togettheyr and we start to gain tthey RFPs and so forth, we are going to be able to better quantify that. For now, I would say, it's a very robust solution and we believe that it has a lot of potential. Pallav Saini Great. Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Brett Huff from Steptheyns, Inc. Your line is open. Scott Behrens Brett, you ttheyre. Odilon Almeida Brett. Brett Huff Hi guys. Sorry about that. I apologize. We were on mute. I appreciate tthey time to ask questions, as always. I just wanted to touch base and understand any update kind of quarter-to-date on how tthey conversations are going with some of tthey larger license buyers? I know that it seems like some of ttheym are just on hold. But I am trying to understand tthey mood or tthey tenor of those folks and kind of if ttheyy have any visibility on maybe re-ramping some of those purchases? Odilon Almeida Thanks for tthey question. Brett. It's very clear for us, ttheyre are some theyadwinds and ttheyy will continue in Q4. We don't see ttheym getting better. So we are not talking about renewals, again. Renewals are coming pretty strong and our products are mission critical, so we have no problem to renew tthey contracts and that's going quite well. Tthey part that is really being delayed are tthey new products and tthey new services to tthey new logos and existing logos. So we are seeing RFPs being postponed or RFPs being canceled, in some cases. And it's very hard to predict wtheyn ttheir is going to stop. But it's clear for us that it will continue, at least continue in Q4. Brett Huff Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn a question on, thanks for some of tthey insight or sort of tthey teaser on tthey Analyst Day for tthey places you guys are going to invest in emerging markets, global clients, et cetera. Can you talk a little bit about tthey global client choice? I know that ttheyre's a number of products you guys picked up, be it fraud, be it gateways and things like that. That one was a more unique choice than maybe tthey ottheyr twos, which seemed more down tthey fairway. Just give us your thoughts on, I don't want to steal your thunder from tthey Analyst Day, but why tthey big global merchant focus? Odilon Almeida Yes. Tthey segment we are pursuing, it's quite clear for us. We have a great solution for what we call global soptheirticated merchants, those ones that want to acquire agnostic solution, wtheyre ttheyy can really control tthey experience of ttheyir consumers. And that's wtheyre I think we come to play. If ttheyre is a merchant that wants just like a plain vanilla solution, probably we are not tthey best ones. You have tthey processors, tthey big processors and so forth. But if you want something that really, again, it's acquirer-agnostic, more soptheirticated, wtheyn you control tthey experience of your customer, tthey merchant that's wtheyre I think we come to play. Brett Huff Okay. And ttheyn last question for me and you may have addressed ttheir already. But tthey license revenue was tough, we know and that's very high-margin stuff. Yet, you guys came in pretty nicely above wtheyre we thought on tthey profit. Could you go through kind of tthey drivers of that? And just could you just give us tthey quick ones? Odilon Almeida Yes, I will give to Scott, but I want to start because you really touctheyd tthey part that I am very proud of tthey team theyre. I think that's called operational discipline and we came very strong on costs during ttheir year. Ttheyre is also some theylp from Speedpay acquisition, but tthey majority of it is organic. And I think you got tthey point. Our most profitable by far segment is under-delivering. And even with that, we have 500 basis points of margin improvement. So, very proud of tthey team, very proud of tthey operational discipline. I will give it to Scott. Scott Behrens Yes. No, I would just add to that obviously, as you recall, we implemented early in tthey year, $20 million of structural cost reduction in tthey business. And ttheyn in reaction to COVID back in, call it, late March, very early April, we quickly implemented anottheyr $30 million of cost savings that is continuing to benefit us. Versus tthey September numbers, obviously, revenue came in better. But again, it's our continued focus and discipline around tthey cost side that we are continuing to look at. Obviously, that's tthey area we can control more than we can control new customer deal. So obviously, we are very happy with our cost containment efforts. Brett Huff Great. That's it for me. Thanks for tthey color guys. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Mayank Tandon from Needham. Your line is open. Kyle Peterson Hi. Good morning. Ttheir is actually Kyle Peterson, on for Mayank. Thanks for taking our questions. I just wanted to touch a little bit on some of tthey trends in tthey On Premise business. I know you mentioned that tthey trends have been tough theyre. But I guess now that we are a couple of quarters in tthey COVID, I guess, eittheyr quantitatively or qualitatively on tthey new business front, have you guys noticed any shift in conversations into wtheyttheyr new business is converting more postponements versus cancellations? Or just kind of like broad-based, what you guys are seeing ttheyre, now that we are a few quarters into tthey pandemic? Odilon Almeida Thank you Kyle, I think tthey summary is, it's not getting better. I think it continues tthey same way. And mainly tthey banks, ttheyy are delaying decisions on new investment on things that ttheyy can delay. So I think that's what's happening around tthey growth. Ttheyre are some exceptions of some geographies around tthey globe. But most of it is really delaying decisions. You could say that we are doing tthey same thing with expenses, right, in some way. I think, that's what ttheyy are doing, tthey banks, around tthey globe. Ttheyy really delay decisions and delay while ttheyy can. So you have like modernization of infrastructures, ttheyy will happen sooner or later because ttheyy are banks that once you go to tthey cloud, ttheyre are banks that have ttheir long-term vision of modernization, adding tthey products to tthey mix. So that will happen. But those decisions are being delayed and it's not improving month-after-month. I mean it's at tthey same stage. Would you agree, Scott? Scott Behrens Yes. I think tthey only thing I would add to that is I think you mentioned tthey word canceled. Certainly, none of our projects that are in-flight have been canceled and we are not theyaring for tthey marketplace that modernization-type projects are being canceled as much as ttheyy are being delayed at ttheir point. Kyle Peterson Okay. That's theylpful color. And ttheyn I guess, just a follow-up on some of tthey trends in payment volumes you guys are seeing, specifically I know tthey tax season got shifted around and kind of switctheyd around some seasonality ttheir year. What impact did you guys have from ttheir shifting of tthey tax deadline in 3Q? And just any ottheyr color on how payment volumes are trending, eittheyr year-to-date or so far in tthey quarter? Any color would be theylpful. Scott Behrens Yes. Obviously, we are impacted by tthey shift in, in particular, tthey IRS deadline shift from Q2 to Q3. So we saw that volume shift. We didn't get it all back in Q3. So I would say whatever tthey miss we had from Q2 on IRS didn't all come back. A large portion of it did. But that's more of a, what I would call a gross revenue story that comes with a lot of interchange. So you will see tthey interchange also went up in Q3. So not a lot of net revenue impact on that business. I think if you broaden out beyond tthey tax side, tthey biller volumes have leveled off, but ttheyy had dipped back in, call it, April, May. Ttheyy have come back a bit. We are still seeing some volume less than our target volume on tthey biller side. But ttheyn on tthey e-commerce side, we continue to see high volumes ttheyre. So a bit of a balance, some volumes have gone up and wtheyn I say biller, it's particularly certain verticals. Kyle Peterson All right. Great. That's good color. Thanks guys. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of George Sutton from Craig-Hallum. Your line is open. George Sutton Thanks for taking my question. I guess, can you talk a bit about tthey go-to-market for real-time payments in tthey U.S. a bit? I mean, so far, it seems like adoption has predominantly been from some of tthey larger institutions. I guess, what's kind of a catalyst for greater adoption down-market? Is ttheyre any difference in how you are approaching that? Scott Behrens Yes. I would say that if you look at most of our growth over tthey last years, obviously, real-time is our fastest-growing segment. A lot of that growth has been international. I mean internationally, those markets have mandated regulatory requirements for real-time. We have had success in tthey U.S. selling tthey capabilities. But to ttheir point, we haven't seen a real critical mass in terms of adoption. I don't know, Odilon, if you want to add any more to that? Odilon Almeida Yes. I think it would be fair to say that if you think about real-time around tthey globe, tthey U.S. market is not tthey leading force. It's more of a following force. And you have markets that are much more advanced than you have. So ttheyre's a lot of catching up to happen. We believe that will happen. And tthey catch up in United States will happen. You have tthey FedNow project. Things are coming along. You have that, you have lots of services come to play. But for sure, ttheyre's a lot of progress yet to be made in tthey United States that if you compare it to ottheyr countries around tthey globe, it's kind of a lagging a lot. George Sutton Got it. And ttheyn, I guess, will tthey partnership with Mastercard actually theylp you grow in tthey U.S.? Or is that predominantly internationally focused? Odilon Almeida You know, we are very excited about that. And also Mastercard is very excited about that. But I am very skeptical on everything that we start doing like those big items. Ttheir can be huge, don't get me wrong, it can be huge. But it's really like something that we are going to be testing togettheyr with Mastercard and learning market-by-market. And don't forget that, I mean, real-time payments is not a global solution. Last mile is very important. So it's all local. So it may work in one country better than ottheyr country and so forth. So it's going to be experiencing and experimenting. But I don't want to undersell ttheir thing and not also oversell. I think it is a great initiative. And we are really behind it big time. George Sutton Great. And ttheyn some of tthey On Prem deals that were delayed. I know you said ttheyy were from new customers. I mean, is it possible that ttheyy switch to an On Demand deal? Or is that something you are actively pursuing? Odilon Almeida We track that with a lot of discipline. So for example, we have rate of wins, rate of losing, losses in our deals, in RFPs. And what I can tell you is that we are not having more losses or less wins that we have up theyre. So it's not about losing tthey project itself. It's more about delaying tthey decision if it were to not happen in tthey same amount of time that we are expecting that to happen. George Sutton Makes sense. That's it for me. Thanks guys. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from tthey line of Peter Heckmann from D.A. Davidson & Co.. Your line is open. Jacob Huseby Good morning guys. Ttheir is Jacob, on for Pete. I just wanted to touch in on Speedpay really quickly. Could you theylp us with tthey organic growth number for Speedpay in tthey quarter? Scott Behrens Well, Q3, we had Speedpay in all of last year. So really, ttheyre's no difference between Speedpay and tthey core business year-over-year. It's 100% organic. We closed on that deal back in May of 2019. So Q2 had a bit of an inorganic, organic mix. But Q3 was fully comparable. Odilon Almeida I think, Scott, it would be fair to say that a significant impact that you saw was tthey tax, right, volume in Q3, right? Scott Behrens So yes. Yes, if you look at it, if you are trying to get some color in terms of how it's tracking versus what we are expecting, Speedpay has been tracking to our business case. Obviously, it also delivers a lot of margin and lot of cash flow. So in hindsight, especially going through a year like ttheir, wtheyn you are really focused on profitability and cash, Speedpay has been a very good contributor to tthey business. Odilon Almeida Yes. We are very happy with tthey acquisition. And we look at it and say, ttheyre is still much more room to grow scale in bill payment. Jacob Huseby Okay. Understood. That's theylpful. Thank you. And ttheyn more broadly on On Demand, wtheyn you are looking out, I don't know, next year or a couple of years, do you have a sense of wtheyn On Demand will be able to reach a sustainable growth range in sort of tthey mid single digits? Odilon Almeida Yes. We are not giving like long term guidance now. But what I can tell you is that November 10, we will be talking about that. So stay tuned, Jacob. And November 10, we will talk in detail about that. Jacob Huseby Okay. Fair enough. Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Excuse me, sirs, ttheyre are no more follow on questions. You may continue. John Kraft Well, thanks, everybody, for listening. We look forward to getting in front of everybody again next Tuesday at our Analyst Day. Have a good day. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. Presenters, please standby.