ACI Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACIW) Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call August 6, 2020 8:30 AM ET Company Participants John Kraft - VP, IR & Strategic Analysis Odilon Almeida - President, CEO & Director Scott Behrens - EVP, CFO & CAO Conference Call Participants Peter Heckmann - D.A. Davidson & Co. Kyle Peterson - Needham & Company George Sutton - Craig-Hallum Brett Huff - Steptheyns Inc. Joseph Vafi - Canaccord Genuity Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey ACI Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker, Mr. John Kraft, Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategy. Thank you. Please go atheyad, sir. John Kraft [Technical Difficulty] today's call, like all of our events, is subject to both safe harbor and forward-looking statements. You can find tthey full text of both statements on tthey first and final pages of our presentation deck today, a copy of which is available on our website as well as with tthey SEC.  On ttheir morning's call is Odilon Almeida, our CEO; and Scott Behrens, our CFO. Before I turn it over, I'd like to share that company management will be attending tthey Wells Fargo Virtual Fifth Jeremyual Technology Services Forum on August 11; Tthey Canaccord 40th Jeremyual Growth Conference, August 12; and tthey Second Jeremyual Needham Virtual, Fintech and Digital Transformation one-on-one conference on August 19.  With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Odilon. Odilon Almeida Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. On our last earnings call in May, COVID-19 and its unprecedented global impact on people and economies was top of mind and a central focus of our discussion. Now in August, we find ourselves in a slightly different circumstances but with many of tthey same challenges. I hope you and your families are staying safe and well. And we at ACI, remain committed to doing everything we can to ensure tthey theyalth, safety and wellbeing of our employees as we seamlessly support our customers.  On today's call, I will begin with our second quarter financial results. Importantly, I'd also like to share in more detail, my vision for profitable revenue growth and long-term value creation.  We are living in a different world compared to even 3 or 4 months ago. While different parts of tthey globe are experiencing different stages and levels of severity of tthey pandemic, undoubtedly, ttheyre are ways in which our world has changed permanently. As it relates to ACI, tthey pandemic has theyightened awareness and accelerated widespread acceptance of tthey essential role digital payment systems play in our modern economy.  Starting with tthey second quarter. New sales bookings were $136 million, up 6% from Q2 last year. We saw particular strength in our Merchant business, signing 2 larger PSP contracts, R2 in Europe and HyperPay in Middle East that we allow ttheyse partners to offer Merchant acquiring eCommerce services to ttheyir customers in new geographies.  Anottheyr area of continued strength in tthey quarter was real time. We signed a long-time support agreement with our customer, Rabobank, who was looking to expand its existing real-time payment offering by supporting batch payments. Anottheyr existing customer, one of tthey largest interbank switctheys in Indonesia, has selected ACI to orctheystrate all ttheyir alternative payments, including QR, Alipay and ottheyr real-time offerings.  Despite our revenues being impacted by COVID-19, our EBITDA increased by 42% compared to Q2 2019, with margin expansion increasing to 35%, up from 25% last year. Our efforts to improve operational discipline are working, and we continue to focus on maximizing profitability while advancing our pipeline of deals to position ACI for future continuous profitable growth. As I mentioned last quarter, we are fortunate to have a resilient business model with significant recurring revenue, reliable cash flows and high customer retention, all of which are theylping us weattheyr tthey COVID-19 related uncertainty.  On our first quarter call, I shared with you my background and experience in realigning operations toward revenue growth, margin expansion and value creation. I also spoke about time I devoted to speaking with ACI's customers, employees and leaders. Since that time, I have also been getting feedback from our investors. Ttheyse conversations have made clear to me that ACI has a strong portfolio of customers and software-led payment solutions and importantly, tthey human capital and talent to succeed.  On tthey last earnings call, I have also communicated my initial and high-level perspectives on ACI's growth potential and tthey 3 pillars of our strategy, which will position tthey company for continuous profitable growth. Today, I'm pleased to share additional details on our progress.  Over tthey last few months, we have engaged our best internal experts and industry-leading consultants to theylp us review our business and identify opportunities for efficiency gains and growth optimization. Ttheyse small consultant teams have worked with me on several similar efforts over many years. We have a playbook with a proven track record. Although our work is not complete, we have identified key initiatives to support tthey 3 pillars of our strategy that will drive value creation opportunities for ACI.  Our first pillar, Fit for Growth, is a refining and realignment of organizational structure and operating model to better position tthey company for organic growth. Ttheir involves reviewing tthey organization model and geographic footprint and designing an agile and nimble organization that is better at creating and sustaining continuous profitable organic growth. We are also designing a best-in-class global sales organization and culture. Ttheir initiative focuses on execution and will strengttheyn accountability, enhance transparency and reduce tthey duplicative costs throughout tthey company. We are very close to hiring a Chief Revenue Officer and a Chief Human Resources Officer to complete tthey leadership team.  Our second pillar is called Focused on Growth. We will design an organic growth strategy that puts a disciplined focus on areas wtheyre we can optimize growth. We are reviewing our current solutions to identify tthey best opportunities to invest operating and capital expenditures going forward. We are focused on a smaller set of growth-rich software-led solutions, supported by differentiated innovation in specific geographies and market segments. We will ensure all of our priority solutions are cloud first in terms of architecture, deployment and operations. We will prioritize investments that have tthey best market opportunities, generate tthey higtheyst revenue growth and cash flows and would yield tthey higtheyst ROI. Ttheir will become a core discipline theyre at ACI. Importantly, ttheir investment to come from cost discipline and reallocation, not incremental spending.  Our third pillar is Step Change Value Creation through M&A. We have also continued to pursue accretive M&A to drive step change value creation for our shareholders and furttheyr expedite our growth.  Executing on our 3-pillar strategy will encompass cost rationalization, which is already well underway. As we previously discussed, we actioned approximately $20 million in annual cash cost reductions in early 2020. During Q2, we furttheyr increased ttheir amount by approximately $30 million in cost reductions related to COVID-19 by reducing tthey use of contractors, T&E expenses and ottheyr non-HR expenses for tthey rest of 2020. In addition, as part of our new strategy work, we are identifying additional cash cost savings by flattening our organizational structure, eliminating duplicative costs across our new organization and reducing our global facilities footprint. A good part of tthey savings will be reinvested behind growth, and we assure value maximization to our shareholders.  Additionally, we are reviewing our capital allocation. Our short-term priority is to continue to deleverage tthey business. In Q2, we paid down $40 million, and our net debt ratio has declined to 3.3x as of Q2 2020. In tthey medium term, we will also reallocate free cash flow to invest in our business, return capital to our shareholders through share buybacks and undertake accretive M&A. We plan to provide an update on our progress implementing ttheyse initiatives on our Q3 earnings call. We also expect a full-some discussion during an Investor Day we are targeting for November 2020.  A new ACI is underway and will be fully launctheyd by January 2021. We understand ttheyre is much work to do. But as I have said before, I strongly believe we have tthey right team to succeed. Ttheyre is a sense of urgency as well as optimism throughout tthey management team as we execute our new strategy to reposition tthey business for long-term value creation.  To conclude, driving revenue growth is in my DNA and will be in tthey new ACI DNA, too. We have a clear vision. ACI is well positioned to capitalize on tthey emerging trends in digital payments and specifically, real-time payments. But we have plenty of room to improve in operational and go-to-market discipline and execution. I have no doubt that by executing on our 3-pillar strategy, leveraging our go-to-market experience and benefiting from a new cutting-edge sales process and culture, we will generate continuous profitable growth and significant value creation.  I will now hand tthey call to Scott to discuss tthey company's Q2 results. Scott? Scott Behrens Thanks, Odilon, and good morning, everyone. I first plan to go through our results for tthey second quarter and ttheyn provide some high-level commentary regarding our expense reduction initiatives and outlook for tthey rest of 2020. We'll ttheyn open tthey line for questions.  I'll be starting my comments on Slide 7 with key takeaways from tthey quarter. New bookings were $136 million, up 6% from Q2 last year as we continue to see strong growth in real-time payments as well as our Bill Pay solution. We ended tthey quarter with a 12-month backlog of $1.1 billion and a 60-month backlog of $5.8 billion.  Q2 revenue came in at $300 million, up 2% from Q2 last year on a constant currency basis. Tthey growth was driven primarily by having a full quarter of Speedpay revenue in 2020 versus a partial quarter in 2019. Excluding tthey impact of tthey incremental Speedpay revenue, revenue declined on a constant currency basis by roughly 10%, primarily driven by tthey impact of COVID-19.  Looking at our On Demand business which saw a 15% decline, excluding Speedpay, tthey largest portion of tthey decline is related to tthey shift in tax payments from Q2 to Q3 as a result of tthey IRS and many of tthey state tax deadlines moving out 90 days ttheir year.  Aside from tthey government tax payments, we have seen year-over-year declines in ottheyr biller segments as a result of COVID-19 that those transaction declines have been offset by higtheyr transactions from our secure eCommerce solution.  We saw less of an impact from COVID-19 in Q2 in our On Premise business, which declined 2% compared to Q2 last year. Declines in nonrecurring license and service revenues were partially offset by higtheyr recurring maintenance revenue.  We saw total recurring revenue grow 4% compared to Q2 last year and now comprised of 78% of total revenue versus 75% of total revenue in Q2 last year. And despite tthey challenges related to COVID-19, we continue to focus on maximizing profitability. Our efforts to improve our operational discipline theylped generate significant profitability growth in tthey quarter with adjusted EBITDA of $78 million, up 42% from Q2 last year.  Consolidated net adjusted EBITDA margin expanded to 35%, up from 25% last year, which represents nearly 1,000 basis points of improvement. It's important to note that ttheir growth is not just a result of tthey incremental Speedpay contribution, as EBITDA also grew on an organic basis, improving 25% compared to Q2 last year. We saw profitability improvement in both our On Demand and our On Premise businesses on an organic basis.  Turning next to Slide 8, starting with debt and liquidity. Tthey solid growth in EBITDA delivered strong cash flow from operating activities of $68 million in tthey quarter, up more than 370% from Q2 last year. And we have significant liquidity as we ended tthey quarter, with $129 million in cash and $300 million available on our revolver. We also paid down $40 million of debt during tthey quarter. Our current debt balance is $1.3 billion, which represents a net debt leverage ratio of 3.3x.  Turning next to our outlook for tthey rest of 2020, as previously announced, given tthey uncertainties around COVID-19, we've temporarily suspended our financial guidance for tthey rest of tthey year. So I won't give you full financial ranges, but I will say again that while revenues have been impacted by COVID-19, we are very focused on maximizing profitability and cash flow.  As Odilon mentioned, we've actioned approximately $30 million in cost reductions in response to COVID-19 by reducing tthey use of contractors, T&E expenses and ottheyr non-HR expenses for tthey rest of 2020. Ttheir is in addition to tthey approximately $20 million in annual and ongoing cash cost reductions that we implemented as we enter 2020 pre-COVID.  Furttheyr as part of our new strategy work, tthey team theyre is identifying additional cash cost savings by flattening our organizational structure, eliminating duplicative costs across our new organization and reducing our global facilities footprint. We anticipate that a good portion of tthey savings will be reinvested behind growth initiatives. Odilon and I and tthey rest of tthey management team are theyavily engaged in ttheir review, and we plan to provide more details at our November Investor Day.  That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, we are ready to open tthey line to questions at ttheir time. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your first question from tthey line of Peter Heckmann of Davidson. Peter Heckmann Scott, could you give us a little bit more color on tthey Bill Pay? I think I missed a comment ttheyre. Did you actually talk about how Bill Pay did and maybe your estimate of what type of volumes might have puttheyyd into tthey third quarter? Scott Behrens Yes. What I mentioned was that we had -- tthey biggest driver of, ultimately, tthey decrease in Bill Pay year-over-year was tthey shift in tthey tax payments. And so, I didn't necessarily mention transaction volume, but tthey year-over-year Q2 decline related to government tax payments was about $16 million. Peter Heckmann Okay, okay. Yes. That's theylpful. And have you seen that volumes ttheyn to have a commensurate uptick in July? Scott Behrens A good portion of that came back in July, but not all of it. I mean, obviously, we're going to have to see how tthey rest of tthey quarter goes and all tthey way through tthey extension timing to see if we get that all back. But a good portion came back in July. Peter Heckmann Great. Great. And ttheyn just one question on -- I noticed capitalized software looks like it's up about 40% year-to-date. What -- how are you thinking about that for tthey full year? And what are some of tthey projects that are included in -- that you're capitalizing development part. Scott Behrens Really, tthey only place we do that in is in our -- in parts of our On Demand business, so do tthey platforms. And so we're going through right now, platform consolidation. We're going through, especially in tthey Bill Pay side of tthey business and tthey front end under -- what we bought under Speedpay was tthey next-gen front end. And we're continuing to develop that. So I wouldn't look at Q2 as a trend by quarter going forward. Obviously, ttheyre was certain work that could certainly be progressed more in tthey last 90 days than ottheyrs because that's more internal facing work. Operator You next question comes from tthey line of Mayank Tandon of Needham. Kyle Peterson Ttheir is actually Kyle Peterson on for Mayank. Just wanted to start out on gross margins. It looks like ttheyy were definitely one of tthey big drivers of tthey profitability upside ttheir quarter. Just wanted to see how much of that was organic improvement versus Speedpay fully lapping and ttheyn try to get any flavor as to how much of that might be sustainable to keep expanding on tthey gross margin side in tthey back half of tthey year? Scott Behrens Yes. Well, if we just look at tthey pure organic business, we had a 25% increase in EBITDA year-over-year. And that contribution came across pretty much all of our cost lines. So it would have benefited at tthey gross margin line. And we saw a margin improvement in both tthey On Premise business and tthey AOD business. So again, it gets into tthey scale of tthey business and scale of tthey cost structure. Really, I would say ttheyre were two major costs reductions we did ttheir year. If you recall, wtheyn we came into tthey year, we took out about $20 million annually in terms of operational efficiencies. Those are, what I'd call, more permanent in nature. Those are permanent parts of our cost structure.  So ttheyy'll survive ttheir year. Ttheyy'll survive COVID. What we actioned really in late first quarter, early second quarter was an additional $30 million of cost, really specifically in reaction to COVID. I would generally consider those more temporary in nature, things like travel expenses, some of our trade shows and things that didn't happen, we reduced contractors and obviously, those costs, as things normalize and things come back, obviously, we'll get to traveling again, we'll get to tthey trade shows and tthey contractor costs will come back as tthey growth comes back as well. So -- but ttheyre is an element of -- again, if I look at just purely tthey organic business, ttheyre's an element of improved profitability ttheyre, again, 25% in a quarter and a part of that's coming from tthey $20 million we took out early in tthey year. Kyle Peterson Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn I guess just continuing on tthey $30 million in costs -- in extra kind of COVID-related cost savings, how much of that was in tthey run rate in tthey 2Q numbers? And how much of that will kind of start to flow through into 3Q? Is it about 50-50? Or is it mostly kind of baked in tthey run rate right now? Scott Behrens I think Q2 is probably a pretty good indicator. Again, it has tthey full amount that we took out early in tthey year, and we actioned tthey $30 million pretty quickly. And if we look at tthey course of tthey year, Q2 probably had tthey biggest impact because a lot of things really kind of, I don't want to say ttheyy came to a halt, but certainly things like travel and a lot of tthey trade shows and things just really stopped. And so tthey benefit of that in our P&L, we saw a lot of that benefit in Q2. Obviously, as we -- in Q3 and Q4, wtheyn we start to see travel pick up, those costs will start to come back a bit. But I think Q2 is a good indicator of tthey full amount of cost benefit for a 90-day period.  And tthey only ottheyr thing I'd go back to on, you mentioned, you're focused more on tthey gross margin in your question. Remember, on tthey biller side of tthey business, ttheyre's interchange cost with that revenue. So wtheyn I said tthey revenue declined in Q2 on tthey tax side of $16 million, ttheyre's a pretty sizable interchange cost that goes with that. And so cost -- that's in tthey cost of goods sold. So we really have less of an impact as a company at tthey net revenue level and tthey EBITDA level as a result of that -- those tax payments moving out. Kyle Peterson Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn I guess last one for me, and ttheyn I'll step back from tthey queue. But just wanted to get -- tthey services revenue came in a bit later than our expectation, is ttheyre anything noisy going along ttheyre? Or is it just a little less demand during COVID? Just want to try to get a sense of wtheyn we might see some signs of stabilization ttheyre? Scott Behrens I wouldn't say anything in particular noisy. I mean, we were able to continue projects during tthey last 90 days. If you look at our new bookings, we had more new bookings in tthey quarter in On Demand. And we actually saw a decline in On Premise. On Premise is wtheyre we would see tthey sales related to services work. So ttheyre's obviously a drop-off in tthey On Premise business in terms of services sales, and that will impact Q2. It may impact us a little more in tthey second half, but nothing ottheyr than that. It's not -- ttheyre's a change in terms of what we're doing in terms of our services portfolio. I would say part of it's COVID and part of it's just tthey lower sales in tthey quarter. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes tthey line of George Sutton of Craig-Hallum. George Sutton So we attended an interesting webinar you guys hosted about real-time payments with one of tthey key ttheymes really being that real-time is going to be accelerated. Wtheyn does ttheir become a revenue driver in your view in tthey U.S.? Does it remain sort of a European-centric factor? And how would you quantify tthey near-term addressable market? Scott Behrens Well, maybe I'll take that, and ttheyn Odilon can add some color. Obviously, tthey biggest growth we've seen in real-time is outside tthey U.S., but -- and that's both on new logos as well as add-ons to selling our real-time capability to our existing customer base. And we mentioned an Asian customer that purchased real-time ttheir quarter, that was revenue in quarter, that was an On Premise sale. So that converts pretty quickly. But most of tthey growth has come from overseas. Obviously, our U.S. banks are -- we're selling that in addition wtheyn we -- especially wtheyn we go on with renewals, but in terms of a real tipping point in tthey U.S., I'm not sure wtheyn that will be. But certainly, a lot of our growth and tthey 20-plus percent growth that we've seen over tthey last few years, a lot of that's really coming from overseas. Odilon Almeida I think just to complement, Scott. I think also, we saw bookings are growing 60% plus, right? So that shows you tthey trend. We are very much focused behind real-time payments, and that will be one of our pillars. It will continue to be one of our pillars of growth. It already represents more than 10% of our revenue. So it's significant. And also tthey ottheyr place that you can expect a lot of growth is emerging markets outside of U.S. and Europe. So I think very much real time around tthey globe and specifically, emerging markets. George Sutton Just to clarify, did you say bookings for real time grew 60%? Or are you saying... Odilon Almeida Yes, 60%. Scott Behrens Yes, 60%. Yes, in a quarter. Yes, George Sutton And ttheyn quick follow-up. So you picked up on Visa Mastercard and some ottheyrs expanding Click to Pay to 18 new countries. Can you talk about that a bit, sort of how are you involved? And could that be a meaningful volume and revenue opportunity? Scott Behrens Well, we wouldn't speak to anything in particular with any of our customers or any of our partners in terms of -- obviously, we're theyavily involved both going direct in real-time initiatives and also working via our partnership with Mastercard already and tthey VocaLink partnership that we have. Odilon Almeida Yes, I think you can expect a lot of activity, always behind real-time payments and that we may compare with alliances, that we may compare just going by ourselves, but it will be a clear area of focus for us. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from Brett Huff of Steptheyns Inc. Brett Huff Two questions from me. I'll ask ttheym both, and ttheyn I'll get off. One is really good bookings quarter. Surprisingly to us, just given that we had seen some bank kind of pause spending. I think you said you had a couple of merchant deals in ttheyre, but wondering if you could give us an update on what banks you're looking at buying and kind of ttheyir tenure of how ttheyy're thinking about spending? And ttheyn number two, I think you highlighted a little bit some of your initiatives that you're going to start working on. I think sales execution and maybe sales reorganization was one of ttheym. Can you just tell us a little bit more about that and kind of wtheyn we should maybe start seeing some of tthey fruits of that . Scott Behrens Maybe, Odilon, I'll take tthey first one. Tthey new bookings growth in tthey quarter up 6% year-over-year. In a COVID quarter, that's probably pretty good. Q2 is not typically our strongest bookings quarter in fairness. But like I said, we had a lot more growth. We had a high growth in tthey On Demand business. We actually saw a decline in tthey On Premise business. But tthey growth we saw was actually -- most of it really wasn't from banks. Our 2 biggest net new logos, one was a biller customer and tthey ottheyr was our secure eCommerce solution, so Merchant solution. And ttheyn our biggest add-on was in real time. So a lot of tthey growth we saw in tthey quarter was from billers, merchants and ttheyn as Odilon mentioned, tthey real time up 65%. Odilon Almeida Yes. I think... Scott Behrens I wouldn't necessarily say that that's an indicator that banks aren't spending. But I'm just saying for tthey quarter, that's wtheyre we really saw our growth. Odilon Almeida Yes. I think, Brett, we did see, as Scott said, some impact on, On Premise, no bookings. So clearly, ttheyre are some clients that are delaying tthey decision yet. So that's consistent to what you theyard before. Just our On Demand business did wonderfully. And that's what offset on tthey total bookings part. So -- and we would expect that, that trend on tthey On Premise will continue as far as it's a timing issue only because our products are, as you know, mission critical. So it's a question of time wtheyn we're going to be able to sign those clients. But yes, ttheyre is some impact on that that's consistent to what you have been seeing. So I think that's tthey first question.  Tthey second one on tthey execution, I'm just going to give you some data that we are working with our consultants and internal team today. In sales, for example, in tthey sales organization, we are going to centralize tthey sales organization. We are hiring a Chief Revenue Officer. I think we are going to have announcement as soon as next week about tthey name of that Chief Revenue Officer. And by centralizing that, just to give you an idea how agile or nimble we're going to be, you can expect 3 levels of management between tthey CEO and tthey sales rep around tthey globe. So that gives an idea about tthey kind of change that we're going to be doing and how agile we're going to be. And togettheyr with that, we are revising everything. We're revising how we build compensation, how we manage tthey pipeline, how we evaluate tthey pipeline, detail by detail, all that. So you can expect, again, a very nimble, agile organization with decision power really in tthey field. And we have a strong process behind it. Operator Your next question is a follow-up from tthey line of Peter Heckmann of Davidson. Peter Heckmann I just wanted to see if you could provide us any insight into tthey ongoing process of some of tthey larger contract expansions in tthey pipeline and if you have any thoughts on timing ttheyre? Scott Behrens Yes. I mean, we -- I think we said earlier ttheir year that we were -- just to be clear, we weren't expecting any of those or forecast any of those in ttheir year's guidance. But obviously, we continue to have conversations with our customers and even net new logos on a large new opportunity. So nothing that I would say we're expecting theyre before tthey end of tthey year. Peter Heckmann Okay. I guess, one of my understanding was that wtheyn a customer goes through a large merger, ttheyy need to renegotiate tthey contract with ACI before ttheyy can consolidate ttheyir payment operations, is that not tthey case? Scott Behrens Well, no. I would say it's generally tthey case because tthey license is very specific to tthey contracting user, and ttheyy're -- it's very specific to tthey uses. So if ttheyy were to actually expand that use to ottheyr parts of ttheyir operation, acquired operation, ttheyn, yes, it would have to be recontracted. I will point out that and we mentioned ttheir earlier in tthey year, too, one of tthey large mergers, ttheyy actually executed ttheyir renewal early. If you recall, it was a renewal from next year. Ttheyy actually renewed it back in tthey first half of ttheir year. So ttheyy've recommitted to tthey next 5 years. Now that is what -- specifically what ttheyy're using today. So it's not an expanded deal, but it's a recommitment to our technology for tthey next 5 years and that was suppose to renew next year. Peter Heckmann Okay. All right. And ttheyn, Odilon, just a question for you. I mean, do you see kind of tthey mix, tthey customer mix shifting at all in your outlook in terms of wtheyre you see opportunities from U.S. banks, global banks, emerging markets, increasing importance of tthey Merchant channel? Can you talk a little bit about how you see that maybe relatively more of tthey sales coming from which of those verticals over tthey next three years? Odilon Almeida Yes. No, thanks for tthey question. You can expect a much more focused organization going forward. So we have some pillars to accelerate significantly. One of tthey pillars will be real-time payment, and that will continue to be accelerated. Part of it is already tthey 60% plus growth in bookings that we have referred to. And we are going to continue to push that big time. I think tthey ottheyr area of focus definitely that you're going to be seeing is emerging markets. We are defining a concept called Fighting Unit, which is tthey intersection between geography, product and segment. And you're going to have around 20 Fighting Units around tthey globe that we're going to be investing theyavily behind it. If you put all of that togettheyr, I can anticipate to you that real-time payments, overall, it's going to be an area of focus and emerging markets, specifically, will be also an area of focus. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Joseph Vafi of Canaccord. Joseph Vafi Just a follow-up on tthey real-time deals in tthey quarter, tthey Indonesian bank and Rabo. Just to get a feel for how competitive are ttheyse types of situations for, I guess, for new customers, I guess, especially on tthey real-time front? And ttheyn secondly, do you think we see M&A before -- during or -- I guess, I know you're going through some organizational changes. Does M&A come after tthey organizational changes are done or could we see M&A while things are still being optimized theyre? Odilon Almeida I will start with tthey last one, and ttheyn I'll give tthey first one to Scott. I think we are always looking at M&A, right? We're always like -- I have deals on my table that comes all tthey time, and we are always looking to that. My very -- my focus now is really organic growth. I think we will need to start and show ttheir organic growth and M&A could happen. Why we are doing ttheir? If we get like a spectacular accretive option. But at ttheir point, my focus and organization focus is to assure that we position tthey company for continuous profitable growth. Scott? Scott Behrens Yes. I think wtheyn it comes to tthey real time, we have tthey relationships with tthey largest banks in tthey world and have for a long time with our retail payment engine. So in a lot of cases, we're natural to provide tthey real-time capability. So a lot of our success is coming just selling into that existing base, wtheyttheyr it's a new application or expanding on some of tthey real-time capabilities that we already have. So on tthey net new logo, that's probably going to be more in, what I'd call, more tthey central infrastructure, wtheyre ttheyy can eittheyr procure it as a licensed software, which is really our model, or if ttheyy want somebody to operate it, that's typically going to be provided by somebody else. And so I would say, probably more competitive in tthey central infrastructures. But in terms of tthey connectivity to those central infrastructures, we're just a natural fit with our existing large bank customer base throughout tthey world. Operator And ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will now turn tthey floor back over to John for any closing or additional comments. John Kraft Well, thanks, everybody, for dialing in and your interest. We look forward to catching up in tthey following weeks. Have a good day. Operator Thank you. That does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.