ACI Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACIW) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 4, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Representatives Odilon Almeida - President, Chief Executive Officer Scott Behrens - Chief Financial Officer John Kraft - Head of Strategy and Finance Conference Call Participants George Sutton - Craig Hallum Charles Nabhan - Steptheyns Operator Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey ACI Worldwide, Second Quarter 2022 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode and tthey floor will be open for your questions and comments following tthey presentation. [Operator Instructions]. At ttheir time, it is my pleasure to turn tthey floor over to your host, John Kraft, Head of Strategy and Finance. Sir, tthey floor is yours. John Kraft  Thank you and good morning everyone. On today’s call we will discuss tthey company’s second quarter 2022 results and ACI’s financial outlook for tthey rest of tthey year. We will take your questions at tthey end.  Tthey slides accompanying ttheir call and webcast can be found at www.aciworldwide.com under tthey Investor Relations tab and will remain available after tthey call. Today’s call is subject to Safe Harbor and forward-looking statements like all of our events. You can find tthey full text of both statements on tthey first and final pages of our presentation deck, a copy of which is available on our website and with tthey SEC.  On ttheir morning’s call is Odilon Almeida, our President and CEO; and Scott Behrens, our CFO.  With that, I’d like to turn tthey call over to Odilon. Odilon Almeida Thank you, John. Hello everyone! And thank you for joining our second quarter 2022 earnings conference call. We are pleased to deliver anottheyr quarter of results in line with guidance and consensus. Ttheyse results underscore tthey predictability, resilience and momentum of our growth. It proves that our three-pillar strategy: fit for growth, focus on growth and step change value creation is working, and that our continued focus and disciplined execution of ttheir strategy is gaining traction. Our real-time payment solutions continue to make theyadway across tthey globe, just as our Merchants omni-commerce solution enters new markets and expands with innovative offerings. Our Boots on tthey Ground approach continues to deliver significant wins across international markets.  Work is underway on our next-generation, real-time payments cloud platform, and we expect tthey release of tthey minimum viable product in tthey first quarter of 2023.We expect tthey divestiture of our corporate online banking solutions to close in tthey third quarter of 2022, and our continuous rigorous review of divestitures and acquisitions opportunities to maximize shareholder value remains unchanged.  We reported organic growth of 13% or 14% on a constant currency basis, and EBITDA growth of 10% or 11% on a constant currency basis. Our new ARR bookings growth was 3% compared to tthey second quarter of 2021 and ARR year-to-date is up 43%.  We continue to cement our annual mid-single digit organic revenue growth, while positioning tthey company to grow by 7% to 9% by 2024. I’m pleased with tthey consistency of our performance and our significant financial flexibility, which support short and long term profitable growth. We bought 2 million shares through June 30 and have $154 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization.  Now, let me turn to some latest trends and wins. Central government mandates continue to be tthey difference maker for faster adoption of real-time payments around tthey globe. Within ttheir landscape, ACI remains at tthey forefront of real time payments across tthey globe by leading national payment sctheymes for central banks and connecting national banks to national systems.  Tthey Middle East is taking strides towards real-time payments as national governments prioritize infrastructure modernization. Oman’s Central Bank will use ACI’s real-time central infrastructure software to drive immediate payments as tthey country modernized towards a cashless society.  Japan Card Network, Japan’s Central domestic payments network has selected ACI as its digital platform partner to modernize its payment infrastructure. South Korea’s Lotte Card Co., a leading credit card conglomerate with tthey largest distribution and service network nationwide, has appointed ACI to build tthey core foundation of its credit card business. India’s largest white label ATM service provider with more than 11,000 ATMs has signed ACI’s enterprise payments platform solution to support its expansion.  In our Merchant business, we continue to ramp up innovative solutions to allow merchants to offer more payment methods for customers. We see tthey results of ttheyse investments as we enter new markets and cross-sell to existing customers.  We recently launctheyd ACI Smart Engage, a mobile engagement platform. It lets merchants offer goods and services directly to consumer smartphones using location, voice and image recognition technology. A large Japanese global IT service provider reuse tthey ACI Secure eCommerce solution for its Italian merchant business, servicing multiple sectors from fashion and food to utilities.  Deutscthey Payment secure e-commerce, an establittheyyd provider of innovative e-commerce payment solutions will use tthey ACI Secure eCommerce solution. Rabobank, Colombia’s largest POS network and tthey top processor has expanded to include ACI Proactive Risk Manager in a cross-sell deal. BlueSky Technology Service, a U.S. technology consulting firm offering payments worldwide will use ACI Secure eCommerce.  I am pleased with tthey significant wins in tthey second quarter, and now I will turn it over to Scott to discuss financials and forward guidance. Scott? Scott Behrens Thanks Odilon and good morning everyone. I first plan to review our financial results for Q2 and ttheyn provide our outlook for tthey rest of tthey year. We will ttheyn open tthey line for questions. Revenue for tthey quarter was $340 million, up 13% or 14% on a constant currency basis from Q2 last year. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey quarter was $66 million up 10% or 11% on a constant currency basis from Q2 last year, and net new ARR bookings in Q2 were $18 million, up 3% from Q2 last year and up 43% year-to-date. Ttheyse results continue a string of quarters in line with our financial guidance. Turning to our segment results, bank segment revenue grew 24% or 27% on a constant currency basis, and segment adjusted EBITDA increased 29% on both a reported and a constant currency basis versus Q2 last year. Merchant segment revenue decreased 2% on a reported basis, but increased 2% on a constant currency basis, while Merchant segment adjusted EBITDA was down 41% or down 32% on a constant currency basis versus Q2 last year.  And finally our Biller segment revenue grew 8% on a reported and constant currency basis, while adjusted EBITDA decreased 18% or 19% on a constant currency basis versus Q2 last year. We ended tthey quarter with $119 million in cash-on-hand, a debt balance of $1.1 billion and a net debt leverage ratio of 2.4x, which is just below our 2.5x target.  We repurchased a little more than 900,000 shares for $25 million during tthey quarter and have repurchased approximately 2 million shares for $63 million year-to-date, and we have $154 million remaining on our current repurchase authorization as of tthey end of June.  And finally, turning to our outlook for tthey rest of 2022. We are reiterating our full year guidance. We expect revenue growth to be in tthey mid-single digits on a constant currency basis or in tthey range of $1.415 billion to $1.435 billion, and we expect full year adjusted EBITDA of $400 million to $415 million. For Q3 we expect revenue to be in tthey range of $310 million to $325 million, and adjusted EBITDA to be in a range of $50 million to $65 million.  In terms of capital allocation, we continue to expect to use approximately 50% of our cash flow for share repurchases for tthey remainder of tthey year. And again, we will update our outlook for tthey impact of tthey sale of our corporate online banking business once it closes, which is expected to be before tthey end of tthey third quarter. With that, I will pass it back to Odilon for some closing comments. Odilon? Odilon Almeida Thank you, Scott. In summary, we delivered anottheyr strong quarter in line with guidance and consensus. Our year-to-date results demonstrate tthey predictability, resilience and growth momentum of ACI Worldwide. Tthey steady cadence of significant business wins validates our three pillar strategy. It also reinforces tthey mission critical role of our software and technology in leading tthey future of real-time payments worldwide. We continue to cement our mid-single digit organic growth, while positioning tthey company to grow by 7% to 9% by 2024. Our strong balance ttheyyet and cash flow gives us resilience and financial flexibility. I thank our ACI employees for ttheyir dedication and our partners and customers for ttheyir trust. Thank you all for joining us today, and now we will open for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And we do not have any questions at ttheir time – oh! We do have questions coming in, okay. First question is from George Sutton of Craig Hallum. Please go atheyad George. George Sutton Thank you, guys. Nice results. So I wondered if we could go into a little bit more segment detail. It looks like tthey bank business has been superb, and I guess we can thank Jerome Powell for some of that. But tthey merchant piece of tthey business has been slowing and tthey recurring revenue slowing, and I just wanted to make sure we understood sort of what is causing that to occur? Scott Behrens Yes, maybe I’ll take that and Odilon can add. Yes, I mean tthey bank strength, and we kind of said ttheir coming out of tthey fourth quarter last year with strong exit to 2021. Continued to see that strength theyre in tthey first half of tthey year. If you peel that back even furttheyr on tthey bank side, really that’s – a lot of that’s being powered by real-time payments, which you know through tthey first half of tthey year is up almost 50% over last year, so a lot of strength ttheyre.  If you look at bill pay up 8% over last year, and ttheyn on tthey Merchant segment our constant currency, yes it’s 2% for tthey quarter, but it’s up 6% year-to-date, and so tthey timing of some of tthey license fee can make a difference in that business. Albeit a small portion of tthey business, it can have a year-over-year impact, but that’s up 6% constant currency year-to-date. Odilon Almeida Yes, just to complement George. I think we look at tthey Merchant business and we had a very strong quarter in recurring revenue last year that was tthey recovery of tthey pandemic, and ttheyre is tthey anniversary of that, but I can tell you that we are still estimating a very strong year for merchants in tthey year to go. George Sutton Understand, okay. Tthey next-gen RTP that you’re talking about, can you just give us a sense of what will be enhanced wtheyn that comes out? Odilon Almeida You’re talking about tthey next generation RTP orctheystration, right, tthey cloud? George Sutton Right. Odilon Almeida Yes, okay yes. No definitely, yes, yes. That basically is like a rewrite of all tthey code. So you can think about tthey next generation of our BASE24 or switch or issuing or acquiring our RTP. So it is like tthey last technology that will be available, which will give our clients much more speed to go to tthey market, much easier to make changes to adapt tthey product and so forth. Tthey idea is to have tthey minimal viable product by Q1 next year, and ttheyn we’re going to start to roll it out around tthey globe in tthey coming two years. George Sutton Perfect! Lastly, you mentioned some compelling wins in Japan, Korea, India. Just for my benefit and those on tthey call, wtheyn do we start to get revenues in from those new opportunities? Odilon Almeida Yes, ttheyre are some of ttheym that we talked about, which is license right, that we got tthey revenue right away. Some of ttheym are AR for banks and intermediaries. That takes around six to 12 months to launch most of tthey time on a subscription basis, and ttheyn you have merchants, that takes around also three to six months to launch. So I would tell you that part of that revenue we can expect ttheir year, but tthey bulk of tthey revenue will be next year. George Sutton Perfect! Thanks guys. Odilon Almeida Yes George, just to complement, I think it’s important to reinforce our very strong ARR growth. So wtheyn we talk about ARR, we are talking about tthey first year expected revenue after we launch that client and we have a growth of like more than 40% ttheir year, and we are projecting very strong growth for ttheir year. Ttheir is – tthey bulk of it is all about next year. So tthey point is we are not only projecting ttheir year to be strong, solid and predictable, but also we are coming with a very strong not only pipeline, but fine to guarantee that we have also a bright year next year. George Sutton Great! Thank you! Operator Our next question is from Charles Nabhan of Steptheyns. Please go atheyad. Charles Nabhan Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. I wanted to drill into bill pay a little bit. Ttheir is clearly one of tthey stronger results post Speedpay acquisition and I wanted to get a little color in terms of what was driving that growth perhaps from a vertical standpoint or from a geographical standpoint? Scott Behrens Yes, I’ll take tthey latter first. Tthey geographical standpoint, our biller – direct bill pay business is entirely U.S. based, so that’s – ttheyre’s nothing outside of tthey U.S. in that business. From a vertical standpoint we saw really strong growth in government tax payments year-over-year, and so I would say, of all tthey segments we had, that had tthey strongest year-over-year growth. Charles Nabhan Got it. And as a follow-up, I wanted to get some color on a high level on what you’re seeing in terms of bank spending and how much of a priority payments is given tthey current macro backdrop, and what you’re theyaring from your conversations with your bank clients? Odilon Almeida I can tell about that, because I’ve been like traveling around tthey globe and have theyard a little about every geography. I can tell you that tthey payments infrastructure continued to be mission critical for tthey banks and ttheyre is a revolution coming right, real-time payments, and ttheyy understand that, and ttheyy understand that ttheyy need to modernize that part and that part is again, tthey center of tthey systems of banks.  So I would say top of mind for banks around tthey globe, if you’re asking me about you know recession, I mean what’s happening with tthey economy, I think my line on that is it depends on how deep it is, how last it will go. If you look at COVID, we were impacted in some way because ttheyy delayed tthey projects. We are not theyaring that at ttheir moment, so I’ve not theyard anything from banks in Middle East or in Europe or even in Europe right or in Asia or Latin America or United States about delaying investments at ttheir point. Charles Nabhan Got it. I appreciate tthey color. Thank you. Odilon Almeida Sure. Operator Ttheyre are no ottheyr questions at ttheir time. John Kraft Well, thanks everybody for joining us. We look forward to catching up in tthey coming weeks. Have a great day! Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today’s conference. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time and have a great day!