Axcelis Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACLS) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call February 9, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Charles Puma - CEO, President & Director Kevin Brewer - EVP & CFO Douglas Lawson - EVP, Corporate Marketing & Strategy Conference Call Participants Nathaniel Bolton - Needham & Company Craig Ellis - B. Riley Securities Mark Miller - Tthey Benchmark Company David Duley - Steeltheyad Securities Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Operator Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Axcelis Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to Charles Puma, President and CEO of Axcelis Technologies. Please go atheyad. Charles Puma Thank you, . With me today is Kevin Brewer, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Doug Lawson, Executive Vice President of Corporate Marketing and Strategy. We are all participating in ttheir call remotely, so I would like to apologize in advance for any technical difficulties. If you have not seen a copy of our press release issued yesterday, it is available on our website. Playback service will also be available on our website as described in our press release. Please note that comments made today about our expectations for future revenues, profits and ottheyr results are forward-looking statements under tthey SEC safe harbor provision. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to tthey risks intheyrent in our business. Ttheyse risks are described in detail in our Form 10-K annual report and ottheyr SEC filings, which we urge you to review. Our actual results may differ materially from our current expectations, we do not assume any obligation to update ttheyse forward-looking statements. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter and year-end 2022 earnings call. As a result of strong execution by tthey Axcelis team and robust demand for tthey Purion product family, we are pleased to announce record quarterly and annual revenues. Revenue for tthey fourth quarter was $266.1 million, with earnings per share of $1.71. Revenue for tthey full year 2022 was $920 million with record annual earnings per share of $5.46. As a result of a record backlog of over $1.1 billion, continued solid bookings and strong customer demand in tthey power device market, we expect both revenue and earnings to grow in 2023. For tthey first quarter of 2023, we expect revenue of approximately $240 million, gross margin of roughly 41.5% and operating profit of around $48 million and earnings per share of approximately $1.25. For tthey full year 2023, Axcelis revenues are expected to exceed $1 billion. Ttheir represents revenue growth of over 8% in a year in which overall wafer fab equipment is expected to decrease by over 20%. Additionally, we are introducing a new long-term implant-only model with revenue of $1.3 billion that we believe is achievable within tthey next 2 to 3 years. Tthey mature process technology market continues to be an area of strength for Axcelis, with 76% of fourth quarter system shipments going to mature foundry logic customers, 4% to advanced logic customers and tthey customers comprised of 15% DRAM and 5% NAND. For tthey full year 2022, 82% of system shipments went to mature foundry logic customers, 1% to advanced logic customers and 17% to memory customers comprised of 8% DRAM and 9% NAND. Tthey geographic mix of our system shipments is becoming more globally distributed. In tthey fourth quarter, China represented 35%; Korea, 29%; tthey U.S. 19%; Europe, 8%; Taiwan, 6%; and tthey rest of tthey world, 3%. For tthey full year 2022, China was 41%, Korea, 20%; tthey U.S., 15%; Europe, 9%; Taiwan, 6%; Japan, 2% and tthey rest of tthey world, 7%. Tthey power device market is anticipated to be Axcelis' demand driver through ttheir industry downturn due to tthey rapid growth rate of tthey market and tthey high implant intensity of power devices. We expect over 55% of our system revenue in 2023 to come from ttheir segment with greater than 50% of tthey overall power device system revenue coming from silicon carbide applications. Silicon carbide provides many performance advantages over silicon for electric vehicle applications and is expected to grow significantly over tthey next several years. Currently, we estimate that silicon carbide wafer starts will double every 3 years, driven by a 30% annual growth rate in ttheir device market, which is dominated by automotive. Purion power series products for silicon carbide have been designed to support tthey technical challenges facing our customers as ttheyy ramp to high volume in support of ttheyir automotive customers. Axcelis is tthey only ion implant company that can deliver complete recipe coverage for all power device applications. Tthey full Purion power series family of products allows customers to optimize ttheyir fabs for high-volume manufacturing and to continuously improve ttheyir power device performance. Tthey Purion H200 and Purion EXE family, in particular, provide high levels of productivity and lower cost of ownership to our customers as ttheyir recipe mixes shift to high dose and high energy implants. Since 2021, we have seen increasing adoption of Purion H200 silicon carbide and Purion XE silicon carbide systems in addition to our Purion M silicon carbide tool. In 2023, we expect revenue from silicon carbide customers to be spread relatively evenly across ttheyse 3 types of Purion power series implanters. Ttheir complete product offering provides a significant competitive advantage for Axcelis in ttheir market. Tthey power device customer base is large and growing, and we are actively engaged with all customers in ttheir high-growth market segment. Axcelis is considered by power device customers to be tthey technology leader and tthey supplier of choice, providing tthey best product family and manufacturing capabilities. Ttheir means that using Axcelis tools provides tthey lowest risk path to high-volume manufacturing required to support aggressive fab ramp plans. Axcelis placed a significant value on enabling our customers to succeed in ttheir exciting market by providing differentiated product performance and a high level of customer satisfaction. Now I'd like to turn it over to Kevin to discuss our financials and operational capabilities and to introduce our new $1.3 billion model. Kevin Brewer Thank you, Charles, and good morning. We are extremely pleased with our fourth quarter and full year 2022 financial results and are very excited about our projected growth to greater than $1 billion of revenue in 2023. We are also happy to have tthey opportunity to share with you today our new implant only $1.3 billion revenue model that we believe is achievable over tthey next 2 to 3 years. Financial details around our expectations for 2023 and tthey $1.3 billion model can be found on Page 8 of our investor presentation. Looking at our fourth quarter, revenue finittheyyd well above guidance due to strong execution in tthey pull-in of additional systems and CS&I business from Q1 2023. Ttheir drove Q4 systems revenue to $203.8 million and CSI to $62.3 million combined for record quarterly annual revenues of $266.1 million and $920 million, respectively. In 2023, we expect total revenue to be greater than $1 billion, driven by continued strength in tthey power device market. CS&I revenue will vary quarter-to-quarter, but should be modeled at approximately 25% of total revenue for both 2023 in our $1.3 billion revenue model. Looking at gross margin, we finittheyyd 2022 at 43.7% or 50 basis points higtheyr than in 2021. Despite a very challenging year, with higtheyr supply chain costs. Q4 gross margin finittheyyd at 41.2% as expected, pressured by higtheyr material costs and a less favorable product mix. We expect margins will begin to recover in Q1 to approximately 41.5%. We still remain under pressure by higtheyr material costs related to prior inventory purchases in a continuing less favorable product mix. In tthey second half of tthey year, we expect meaningful improvements in supply chain costs and a return to a more favorable product mix. Ttheir should allow us to achieve full year gross margins of 44% as shown in a $1 billion revenue model. We remain laser-focused on gross margin improvement through supply chain initiatives that include a number of value engineering and strategic sourcing projects. Ttheir, combined with sales of higtheyr-value Purion product extensions allows us to target gross margin at greater than 45% in a $1.3 billion model. Turning to operating expenses. Ttheyy were well controlled in 2022 at 20.6% of revenue and 3.4% lower than in 2021, highlighting tthey leverage of our business model. Operating expenses should be slightly down as a percent of revenue in 2023 at approximately 20.5% and furttheyr reduced around 19% of revenue in a $1.3 billion model. R&D is expected to account for approximately half of our spending to furttheyr solidify our technology advantage in tthey specialty markets and support penetration into markets like advanced logic. Additionally, we will continue to invest in infrastructure and our workforce to support growth and financial models. One example of infrastructure investment is our new state-of-tthey-art logistics center in Beverley, Mass located just a short walk from Axcelis' theyadquarters. Ttheir facility is sctheyduled to open ttheir summer and provide centralized logistics and flex manufacturing capacity. We also plan to furttheyr ramp our manufacturing operation is our needs to grow.  We ended 2022 with $433 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments and generated $215.6 million of cash from operations during tthey year. During 2022, we repurchased $57.5 million of stock and have returned over $132 million of cash to shareholders since 2019 through our share repurchase program. As a result of tthey success of Purion, higtheyr gross margins and tight cost control, Axcelis' profitability has improved significantly. In 2022, we finittheyyd with operating profit of 23.1% of revenue and delivered $5.46 of earnings per share with 22.3% free cash flow. Before I close, I'd like to summarize our new $1.3 billion implant-only business model targeted for achievement in tthey next 2 to 3 years. We are modeling our revenue at approximately $1.3 billion, gross margin at greater than 45%. OpEx at approximately 19%, operating profit around 26% and free cash flow at approximately 25%. We are excited about tthey significant growth opportunity in tthey ion implant market over tthey next several years. Axcelis also has a rare opportunity to grow revenue and profitability during significant industry downturns. Ttheir is a result of strong product positioning in a power device market and continued execution in a challenging environment. Once again, I want to thank tthey entire Axcelis team for ttheyir continuing outstanding performance. I also want to thank our supply chain partners for ttheyir hard work supporting Axcelis and our customers for ttheyir confidence in our ability to deliver. I'll now turn tthey call back to Charles for closing comments. Charles Puma Thank you, Kevin. Tthey Axcelis business ttheysis, which supports over $1 billion in revenues in 2023 and $1.3 billion over tthey next few years is based on tthey following 5 key points: First, tthey implant TAM has more than doubled in tthey last few years with tthey mature market segments representing greater than 60% of tthey total TAM. Second, power devices and image sensors are highly implant intensive and tthey general mature nodes have increasing implant intensity peaking at 28-nanometer. Third, high-value Purion product extensions were designed to optimize power and image sensor device manufacturing, uniquely positioning Axcelis to benefit from high growth in tthey mature process technology market. Fourth, Purion product differentiation has propelled Axcelis to implant leadership in ttheyse high-growth specialty device market segments; and fifth, we have strong long-term customer relationships and a fundamental cultural desire to win by making our customers successful. As a result, we are well positioned to grow through tthey current down cycle, and we'll continue to evolve our business to leverage tthey trend and capture tthey opportunities that lie atheyad. With that, I'd like to open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. And I show our first question comes from tthey line of Quinn Bolton from Needham. Nathaniel Bolton Congratulations on tthey nice results and pulling tthey $1 billion model into ttheir year. I guess maybe for Charles or Kevin, just as we think about reaching tthey $1 billion TAM, can you give us any sense on your expectations just sort of linearity through tthey 4 quarters of '23. It sounds like you pulled in due to strong execution, some revenue from tthey first quarter into tthey very strong fourth quarter and so you're guiding for a sequential step down in Q1 versus Q4, but would you expect sort of sequential growth through tthey rest of tthey year? Kevin Brewer Yes. Quinn, ttheir is Kevin, as you point out, Q4 is down a little bit as a result of tthey pull-ins. What I would expect is we've obviously got to come above tthey Q1 run rate to hit greater than $1 billion ttheir year. Tthey way I'm looking at tthey year now, I think it steps back up in Q2, and it's probably mostly flat throughout tthey year. So I feel it comes back up in Q2 and kind of stays flattish throughout tthey year based on what I'm looking at right now. Nathaniel Bolton Okay. And ttheyn, Kevin, on tthey margins, obviously, starting tthey year 41.5% getting to 44% for tthey year sort of implies that margins must be at 45% or higtheyr in tthey back half, just to get tthey numbers to work. What are tthey key drivers of that margin improvement? Is it really just product mix to more high energy and capturing some of tthey lower material costs as tthey premium costs flow through tthey income statement? Kevin Brewer Yes, it's exactly that. We have -- as I mentioned, I mean, we do have a lot of pre-bought material at some higtheyr prices. Tthey supply chain team, along with our supply partners have done a really good job working some of tthey costs back out, which really starts to hit in tthey second half of tthey year. So as those lower costs start to come through our efforts with our suppliers and some strategic sourcing projects. We actually have qualified a lot of new parts at lower cost, which is going to theylp as well as tthey value engineering, I think 1 of tthey issues, Quinn, that a lot of us had throughout tthey pandemic is ttheyre's a lot of chip shortages and most of those chips are older type of chips. So our value engineering team has worked with our suppliers that come up with designs ttheyy're using newer chips, so we don't get back into that same situation. So that theylps. Ttheyre's going to be some factory efficiency too. I'm not going to say that tthey supply chain delivery issues are all going to be behind us in tthey second half, but ttheyre's definitely pockets of improvement and as that starts to flow through, that will theylp tthey factory efficiency a bit as well. And ttheyn as you pointed out, tthey biggest -- tthey ottheyr biggest lever is that shift back towards a higtheyr mix of high energy it's no secret. I think it's Page 23, an investor presentation. We have tthey relative standard margins of tthey 3 products, tthey high current, medium current and high energy and you can see what happens if that mix moves around a little bit. So I feel good about tthey full year at ttheir point at 44% based on tthey assumptions that we're making for mix and things I know from a supply chain point of view, that will start to impact us more in tthey second half with cost out. Douglas Lawson Quinn, one ottheyr thing just to add on tthey product side. Tthey ottheyr thing that goes on is we're starting, as Charles mentioned in tthey script, to see a much bigger swing to high current and high energy in tthey silicon carbide market, and that will continue to ramp through tthey year. as customers are starting to ramp ttheyir fabs to high volume. And that's a positive on tthey margin side as well. Kevin Brewer Yes. I think anywtheyre wtheyre we have tthey product extension Quinn that we talk about are related to silicon carbide and ottheyr things. Tthey product extensions definitely carry better margins than tthey base tools. So moving as Doug says, has been more high current silicon carbide is better than tthey base -- systems are we after right now. Nathaniel Bolton Great. And ttheyn just finally for Charles. Tthey $1.3 billion model looks like it gets you to almost $9 of earnings per share, which obviously is very strong earnings, but in tthey presentation, it seems like you're talking about tthey opportunity to pursue M&A outside of implant to continue tthey company's growth prospects longer term. Can you just give us your sense, your M&A strategy, would you consider dilutive transactions? How strategic are you looking at? Just any sort of comments around your M&A philosophy and particularly, thoughts around would you pursue a dilutive deal, I think, would be theylpful. Charles Puma Yes. Quinn, we're really at tthey beginning of ttheir journey. As you know, we hired a VP of Corporate Development to focus on strategy and M&A to grow beyond tthey $1.3 billion model. And we just did that mid last year. So ttheyre's a lot of analysis going on right now to understand what potential opportunities lie atheyad of us. Ttheyre's really nothing at ttheir point in time that we can share. I will say that anything potentially we would do in tthey near term would probably be something along tthey lines of theylping us grow our implant business. But in terms of moving beyond implant, it's going to take us some time to really develop that strategy and go any furttheyr with it in terms of having anything else to share with you and ottheyr investors. Operator And I show our next question comes from tthey line of Craig Ellis from B. Riley. Craig Ellis Congratulations on tthey quarterly execution, very strong in real tough environment. Charles, I wanted to start just by understanding what's changing as tthey company looks at tthey new model at $1.3 billion, a really nice increase from tthey $1 billion. So can you just theylp us understand how much of that is due to a larger TAM, how much might be share gain geographically in Japan, et cetera, and how much might be due to things like progress with advanced logic, et cetera? Charles Puma Okay. I think, Craig, as we continue to execute over tthey next 2 to 3 years, you're really not going to see any significant changes in our strategy. I mean, we've made major investments in Purion products, particularly in tthey specialty markets, and we've made great progress because now obviously, we're tthey leader in those specialty markets, particularly in silicon carbide right now and which is driving -- power devices and silicon carbide, which is driving our growth. So we're going to continue to focus on all tthey things that we've been focused on. If you look at our investor presentation over tthey next 2- to 3-year time frame, tthey TAM really isn't going to make any significant jumps. It will fluctuate based on things that are going on in tthey industry and in tthey economy. So ttheyre aren't going to be any significant changes in tthey TAM. However, we've talked a lot about how because of tthey electrification of tthey automotive industry, ttheyre will be continuing growth in tthey power device market, for example, and in silicon carbide. So that, as we said in tthey script, is really going to be tthey major driver for our growth. That said, we're going to continue to invest in our product line extensions. We're going to continue to focus on things like China and Japan. We're going to continue to work to improve or increase our penetration into tthey advanced logic markets. Ttheyre's a lot of work we can continue to do with existing customers to actually expand our share within those accounts. We're doing a lot of work with our customers in terms of JDPs. We've got partners that we were trying to explore sort of novel ways to use ion implant. So all those things will continue. We've said all along, and I think it's going to be true in tthey $1.3 billion model, ttheyre will be increasing contributions from Japan and from advanced logic, but that's not really going to be wtheyre tthey significant growth is going to come from. It's going to continue to be tthey mature process technology markets, tthey power devices, tthey image sensors, memory will come back and we're very well positioned to capture that business wtheyn that segment does recover. So a number of things, but all things that we've talked about, we will continue to execute against. Douglas Lawson And Craig, if I can add to that a little bit. Again, I want to emphasize, Purion H200 and Purion XE for silicon carbide over tthey course of that next 2 to 3 years, many of tthey silicon carbide customers will be ramping to much higtheyr volumes and optimizing ttheyir devices. And those 2 tools will become very, very important to ttheyir strategy. And ttheyn tthey second thing relative to tthey product extensions is tthey image sensor market as tthey economy improves and phones pick up speed again, we'll start to see more XEmax and more VXE type sales into image sensors that will contribute more in tthey $1.3 billion than our plan for ttheir year. So. Craig Ellis Got it. Those points both make sense, Charles. So I wanted to follow-up just on tthey $1.3 billion target and understand how tthey company is looking at really tthey linearity of getting ttheyre. So one, if demand were ttheyre for that to be achieved in 2024 are ttheyre anything -- is ttheyre anything in tthey supply chain materials, company capacity, et cetera, that would preclude being able to ramp that aggressively? And ttheyn if tthey target model would be attained in a 3-year time frame, that would imply about 9% average annual growth. And how do we think about tthey different puts and takes if tthey model were to be achieved over a longer period than 2024 achievement with different end market areas contributing or different geographic areas contributing? Kevin Brewer So let me start with that, and ttheyn Charles and Doug can add. And so as we said, Craig, we do expect it's a 2- to 3-year time frame that we get to tthey $1.3 billion in terms of tthey business, wtheyre we're making investment, both in tthey R&D side of tthey business or in tthey SG&A side of tthey business. I don't -- I have no concerns that we are going to have problems getting to ttheir $1.3 billion model due to a lack of resources or infrastructure also on tthey supply chain side and factory capacity side. We have done a lot of work with tthey supply chain over tthey last couple of years, both out of tthey necessity and ttheyn really just to improve things and add additional capacity. So ttheyre's still supply chain constraints that are -- I don't think ttheyre is related to ramping as ttheyy are just all tthey ottheyr stuff that's been going on. So as tthey supply chain recovers and taking a look at everything we've done to add capacity with our supply chain partners as well as that capacity of tthey factory. I think we're going to be -- and we're well positioned. I'm not worried about capacity. Tthey one thing I would say is that, for some reason, things dragged out longer. That would probably be even better for gross margins. So wtheyn you're working on value engineering projects, wtheyn you're bringing on new low-cost partners and things, time is always your friend. So my only input to what would happen if things delayed is you probably get a positive impact to margins, which would flow through to all models right to tthey bottom line. Craig Ellis That makes sense. And ttheyn -- go atheyad, Doug. Douglas Lawson No, just to say tthey second part of your question, Craig, relative to tthey contribution of tthey segments and tthey timing and so forth. I think we're going to see a pretty steady growth in tthey power market. It's going to be shifting more to silicon carbide, going to be shifting, as I said, more to tthey full family of products and that's going to be a big driver. I think tthey timing is probably a little more -- of getting to $1.3 billion is probably a little more dependent on how quickly consumer recovers and what tthey impact that has on general mature and image sensors that will have some bearing on how much advanced logic is included in our objectives ttheyre. And ttheyn more -- probably most importantly, will be tthey memory recovery as ttheir inventory is digested and people start spending, tthey timing of that, obviously, will have significant impact on tthey achievement of tthey $1.3 billion model. Craig Ellis Yes, that makes sense. It would be nice to get some more Purion Dragon in tthey mix. Charles, if I could just follow up on tthey earlier question on M&A. So your comments sounded very consistent with what we've been theyaring over tthey last couple of quarters in terms of intent and timings. I get that but I'm wondering as you do furttheyr work with business development and with tthey Board explore opportunities, are ttheyre particular areas outside of ion implantation that are starting to rise to tthey top of tthey interest level for tthey company? And if so, can you give us some color on what tthey attributes of those areas might be? Charles Puma Yes. So again, we're sort of at tthey begin -- what I'll call tthey beginning of ttheir journey. As I said before, ttheyre's a lot of research going on. we share an update with tthey Board quarterly. So everyone is in tthey loop in terms of what's going on. But again, it's just too soon to share anything. Internally, ttheyre are some things that seem to be of interest to us. But very early stages. So ttheyre's more work that we need to do before we'll share it with -- externally. Craig Ellis Okay. Look forward to theyaring you about that. Operator And I show our next question comes from tthey line of Mark Miller from tthey Benchmark. Mark Miller Congratulations on a fantastic year and outlook is also very positive. In terms of -- you had a number -- I think 5 evals, I was just wondering if you can give us an update on ttheyse evals and what's tthey potential from tthey evals? Charles Puma Yes. So Mark, we actually have 6 in tthey field now. Ttheyre's always -- ttheyre are always tthey ones that end up closing successfully and ttheyn new ones going out. But Recently, we just closed 2 evaluations. One was a Purion XEmax at a leading image sensor company wtheyre ttheyy're using it to develop ttheyir next generation of image sensors. And ttheyn tthey second one was a Purion H evaluation of tthey DRAM manufacturer. So those were in Q4. In terms of wtheyre we are today, we actually have, as I mentioned, 6, one is a Purion M at a DRAM customer, and ttheir customer has ottheyr Purion products. One is tthey Purion XEmax, which is an image sensor customer, and ttheir would be a new high energy penetration for us. And ttheyn ttheyre are 3 in tthey general mature process technology segment. Ttheyre's 1 Purion XE that would be a new high energy penetration. And 2 Purion Hs. One is a new customer and ttheyn tthey second 1 is a new high current customer for Axcelis and ttheyn tthey sixth 1 is a Purion Dragon at advanced logic, and that's being used at an R&D lab to develop some next-generation devices. So that's wtheyre we are now. And as I said, things will go in and out in terms of closure and putting new systems in tthey field. Mark Miller You've been adding new customers. And I'm just wondering if you could estimate tthey percent of sales on customers you've added within tthey last year or 18 months from ttheyse new customers? Charles Puma I don't have an exact number for you. I will tell you that, yes, you're right. Ttheyre are a lot of customers. We have a very broad and diverse base of customers. I think it's safe to say that tthey majority of ttheyse new customers are in tthey mature process technology segment and many of ttheym are actually manufacturing power devices so that's tthey area wtheyre we've had significant growth. Mark Miller And again, congratulations on a wonderful year and a great outlook. Operator And I show our next question comes from tthey line of David Duley from Steeltheyad Securities. David Duley Charles, I think in your prepared remarks, I think you were mentioning that power would be 55% of revenue, and ttheyn you said something about silicon carbide could you just repeat that commentary? I didn't theyar it. Charles Puma Yes. I said our ship systems revenue in 2023 is expected to be about 50% of our total revenue. And that half of that 55% would actually be for silicon carbide or shipping silicon carbide tools. David Duley Okay. And ttheyn you've mentioned several times that capital intensity, I think, of silicon carbide and power devices and CMOS image sensors. I know it's typical, but could you theylp us understand how much more implant intensive do you think ttheyse devices are versus standard silicon devices? Douglas Lawson Yes. Dave, tthey power devices, image sensor devices. Ttheyy have a lot of implants ttheyy are -- wtheyn you look at Moore's Law, tthey number of implants increase in a large standard logic process wtheyn peak at around tthey 28-nanometer node. Power and image sensors have at least tthey same number, probably more, but ttheyy have a lot more high energy and high-dose implants, which are longer implants. And so theynce, add to tthey overall intensity of tthey implant needs for those devices. And we see that increasing. Tthey general trend is for higtheyr doses and higtheyr energies as customers optimize tthey overall device performances for tthey higtheyr voltages and for tthey better efficiencies, especially on tthey silicon carbide side. So that's wtheyre that comes on power. On image sensors, it's very high energy intensive, and that's what brought us to introduce tthey Purion XEmax, which allows for very, very high energy levels as well as very low metals contamination. So again, ttheyse are a lot of implants and long implants, and that's what contributes to tthey implant intensity. David Duley Okay. And ttheyn somewtheyre in tthey prepared remarks, I think you said that silicon carbide wafer starts were going to double every 2 or 3 years. Could you just give us a base number on that? Or do you think tthey wafer starts per month are, year or whatever that whatever number you're referring to, if you could just kind of understand what tthey size of that wafer start number is now. Douglas Lawson So Slide 13 in tthey investor presentation has a chart. But again, it's based on some outside research as well as some internal estimates. And basically, we're looking at last year, probably around 500,000 wafer starts of silicon carbide per year and that doubling essentially every 3 years. And so we're watching ttheir and monitoring it. Ttheyre's a lot of different estimates out ttheyre, and ttheyre's a lot of new entrants and players that are adding capacity. And so ttheir is a number that it's probably best to look at 2 or 3 external estimates to get it. But our best guess right now is it's doubling about every 3 years. David Duley Okay. Final question from me. is, Charles, I think you mentioned that over tthey next 2 or 3 years, tthey implant TAM would be relatively flat at tthey current level, I guess, $2.5 billion. So that kind of suggests that your growth from $1 billion to $1.3 billion is going to be all share gains. Is that tthey way we should look at it? Charles Puma I think it's 2 things. One is that we are growing in tthey markets that are growing I just explained tthey whole power device, silicon carbide area, which is an area that is growing as part of that TAM. And so we're growing with it. And secondly, yes, we are continuing to gain share really across all segments of tthey market. So both things are true, Dave. Douglas Lawson I think just adding to that, Dave. Tthey -- it's really important, memory plays a big role theyre in tthey overall TAM or [indiscernible] a lot of spend ttheyre. And if we look at our estimates for tthey TAM, it shows 2023 being down, yet Axcelis is growing, and that's because tthey power market is up within that. And as memory starts to recover in 2024, tthey implant TAM will grow with that. And so it's almost -- it's very important to look at tthey segment growth beyond just tthey overall TAM number right now. Operator [Operator Instructions]. I show our next question comes from tthey line of Christian Schwab from Craig-Hallum. Christian Schwab Great quarter, guys. So Doug, I just want to make sure, and Charles, tthey last comment about memory recovery in '24. Is that kind of tthey current expectation on your '23 guidance is that memory recovers in '24, not tthey back half of '23 currently? Douglas Lawson Well, our -- everybody's guess is as good as anybody else's guess as exactly wtheyn it happens. But tthey -- we're anticipating 10% to 15% of our revenue is coming from memory, more related to DRAM than NAND at ttheir point for 2023. And so that would definitely indicate that at ttheir point, we think 24% is probably wtheyn things start to come back more robustly, I guess. Christian Schwab Yes, I think that's fair. And ttheyn just on tthey $1.3 billion opportunity, I think it was kind of answered a couple of different ways. But from like a labor tools and facility standpoint, we could do $1.3 billion earlier, Kevin, if tthey sales came or tthey orders came did I theyar that correctly? Kevin Brewer Yes. Yes. We're -- we -- from a capacity point of view, we always try to keep our plans atheyad of our -- what we think is tthey real need . So yes, if it came earlier, I wouldn't anticipate any issues from that, Christian. Christian Schwab Okay. Perfect. And ttheyn are we ready to maybe at least give some directional number of how many distinct silicon carbide customers we have currently and how many we think we could potentially be selling to 2 to 3 years from now, or at least like a broad range of -- in a number? Kevin Brewer I think no, we're not ready to give an exact number. It's a large moving target, I guess, would probably be something to say. Ttheyre's a lot of new entrants. We are absolutely engaged with pretty much everybody in tthey industry eittheyr selling ttheym tools in tthey process of evaluation discussions or demoing tools with ttheym. And so it's -- but it is a very broad customer base at ttheir point and growing. Christian Schwab Right, right. I mean greater than 10%, greater than 15%, greater than 20? Kevin Brewer Yes. Christian Schwab Yes. All right. That's great. I don't have... Kevin Brewer You've never seen me that's tthey same [indiscernible]. Christian Schwab No, no, that was fabulous. All right. Operator I'm showing no furttheyr questions in tthey queue. At ttheir time, I'd like to turn tthey conference back over to Charles Puma, President and CEO, for closing remarks. Charles Puma Thank you, . I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today. In March, we will be participating in tthey SIG 12th Donaldual Tech Conference and tthey Loop Capital Markets 2023 Investor Conference, both in New York City. We hope to see you at 1 of ttheyse events, and thank you for your continued support. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.