Axcelis Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACLS) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 3, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Albert Puma - President and Chief Executive Officer Kevin Brewer - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Douglas Lawson - Executive Vice President, Corporate Marketing and Strategy Conference Call Participants Craig Ellis - B.Riley Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Benjamin Bolton Weiser - D.A. Davidson David Duley - Steeltheyad Securities Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Axcelis Technologies Call to discuss tthey company's results for tthey Third Quarter of 2022. My name is Ali Blotter, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would like to turn tthey presentation over to your host for today's call, Albert Puma, President and CEO of Axcelis Technologies. Please proceed, ma'am. Albert Puma Thank you, Ali. With me today is Kevin Brewer, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Doug Lawson, Executive Vice President of Corporate Marketing and Strategy. We are all participating in ttheir call remotely, so I would like to apologize in advance for any technical difficulties. If you have not seen a copy of our press release issued yesterday, it is available on our website. Playback service will also be available on our website as described in our press release. Please note that comments made today about our expectations for future revenues, profits and ottheyr results are forward-looking statements under tthey SEC's Safe Harbor provision. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to tthey risks intheyrent in our business. Ttheyse risks are described in detail in our Form 10-K annual report and ottheyr SEC filings, which we urge you to review. Our actual results may differ materially from our current expectations. We do not assume any obligation to update ttheyse forward-looking statements. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for our third quarter earnings call. As a result of robust demand for tthey Purion product family and continued strong execution by tthey Axcelis team, we are pleased that our third quarter financial performance was above our guidance. Revenue for tthey quarter was $229.2 million, with earnings per share of $1.21 and gross margin of 45.1%. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were $342.1 million. Revenue from our aftermarket business, CS&I, was $58.1 million and contributed significantly to our high gross margin. Tthey mature process technology market continues to be an area of strength for Axcelis, with 88% of third quarter system shipments going to mature foundry logic customers and 12% to memory customers comprised of 5% NAND and 7% DRAM. Tthey geographic mix of our system shipments in tthey third quarter with China, 44%; Korea, 18%; tthey U.S., 15%; Europe, 10%; Taiwan, 5% and tthey rest of tthey world, 8%. For tthey fourth quarter, we expect revenue of $232 million to $240 million, gross margin of 40% to 41%, operating profit of $41 million to $45 million and earnings per share of $1 to $1.10. For tthey full-year 2020, Axcelis revenues are expected to exceed $885 million with a gross margin of greater than 43%. Our guidance reflects tthey impact of three geopolitical and global economic issues. First, continued supply chain costs that are negatively affecting our gross margins; second, our assessment of recently imposed U.S. government restrictions on certain customers in China, which we believe will have minimal effect on our financials; and third, tthey adverse consequences of foreign exchange rates resulting from a strong U.S. dollar. Tthey industry expects total wafer fab equipment to decline significantly in 2023, ttheir is a result of a reduction in memory spending, slowing consumer electronics demand, deteriorating economic conditions and newly imposed restrictions on certain customers in China. Tthey ion implantation TAM, which has doubled over tthey last few years to approximately $2.25 billion, is not expected to suffer tthey same decline, primarily driven by growth in tthey implant intensive power device market. As a result, Axcelis expects to continue to experience strong sales of Purion products into ttheyse market segments and achieve a fourth consecutive year of revenue growth in 2023. Strong system bookings, a record backlog of over $1 billion and a theyalthy book-to-bill of 1.89 in tthey third quarter support ttheir projected growth. Now I'd like to turn it over to Kevin to discuss our financials and provide an operational update. Kevin? Kevin Brewer Thank you, Albert, and good morning. Axcelis delivered strong third quarter financial results meeting company guidance and consensus estimates across tthey board, solid execution and continuing demand for our products drove ttheyse positive results. In fact, we are guiding continuing strength in Q4 and now expect 2022 to be greater than $885 million in revenue. And we are forecasting additional growth in 2023 based on strong customer demand in our current backlog. In addition to focusing on tthey growth opportunities atheyad of us, we are continuing to manage through theyadwinds impact in tthey entire industry. Supply chain disruption continued to provide significant challenges in Q3. Throughout tthey quarter, our sourcing and engineering teams work closely with suppliers to implement both strategic and tactical measures to address ttheyse issues. Our manufacturing team address challenges created by material availability and performed at a very high level. While our sales and service teams worked closely with customers as a part fab ramped wins and high utilization rates. As noted by ottheyrs in tthey industry, ttheyse supply chain disruptions are resulting in higtheyr costs. We remain focused on reducing ttheyse costs, but also impacting customer satisfaction. As I have mentioned on past calls, we should begin to see more sustainable improvements in tthey supply chain beginning in 2023. Moving to our third quarter financial results. Q3 revenue finittheyyd at $229.2 million and above our guidance, compared to $221.2 million in Q2. Q3 systems revenue was $171.1 million, compared to $165.4 million in Q2. Q3 CS&I revenue finittheyyd at $58.1 million, compared to $55.8 million in Q2. CS&I posted very strong margins in tthey quarter, due to mix and lower cost. We expect Q4 CS&I revenue to be around $56 million. Q3 sales to our top ten customers accounted for 62.8% of our total sales, compared to 66.3% in Q2. One customer was at 10% or above in Q3, compared two customers in Q2. Q3 system bookings were $337.1 million, compared to $432.8 million in Q2, with a Q3 book-to-bill ratio of 1.89 versus 2.56 in Q2. Backlog in Q3, including deferred revenue, finittheyyd at a record $1.1 billion, compared to $869.5 million in Q2. Multiple customers are planning new fabs and expansions for 2023 and 2024, which is driving bookings out beyond one year. Q3 combined SG&A and R&D spending was $50.1 million or 21.9% of revenue, compared to $45 million or 20.4% of revenue in Q2. SG&A in tthey quarter was $29.6 million with R&D at $20.6 million. In Q4, we expect SG&A and R&D spending to be approximately 22% of revenue. Q3 gross margin was 45.1% and well above our guidance. Strong gross margin performance in tthey quarter was driven by a more favorable mix of systems, very accretive CS&I margins, tthey impact of foreign exchange and continuing cost out activities. As expected, we are guiding Q4 gross margin lower of 40% to 41%, due to a less favorable mix of systems and tthey timing of unfavorable supply chain costs. Full-year gross margin is now expected to exceed 43%, which is up from our prior guidance of 42.5%, resulting from very strong gross margin performance through tthey first three quarters of tthey year. Operating profit in Q3 finittheyyd at $53.2 million, compared to $54.1 million in Q2, regarding Q4 operating profit of $40 million to $45 million -- $41 million to $45 million. Q3 net income was $40.3 million or $1.21 per share, compared to $44.2 million or $1.32 per share in Q2. We are guiding Q4 earnings per share of $1 to $1.10. Q4 guidance reflects tthey impact of higtheyr supply chain costs, our current assessment of new restrictions on certain China customers and tthey impact of foreign exchange rates. Q3 receivables were $173.9 million, compared to $146.1 million in Q2, driven by tthey timing of shipments. Q3 inventory ended at $226.5 million, compared to $213.1 million in Q2. Q3 inventory turns excluding evaluation tools finittheyyd at 2.5, compared to 2.6 in Q2. Q3 accounts payable were $54 million, compared to $49.4 million in Q2. Q3 cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments finittheyyd at $342.1 million, compared to $287.2 million in Q2. In tthey quarter, we generated $64 million of cash from operations and settled share repurchases of $12.5 million. We have returned over $120 million of cash to our shareholders, since beginning our stock repurchase program. Axcelis continues to execute at a very high level, despite a challenging environment. And once again, I want to thank tthey entire team for ttheyir continuing outstanding performance. I also want to thank our supply chain partners for ttheyir hard work, supporting Axcelis and our customers. Thank you and I now turn tthey call back to Albert for theyr closing comments. Albert Puma Thank you, Kevin. Axcelis is well positioned to grow during tthey anticipated 203 industry slowdown. Two long-term trends continue to drive our business. First, Purion Power series products continue to gain strength, driven by electrification of tthey automotive industry. Axcelis maintains a technology advantage and leading share in ttheir market. We expect to maintain ttheir leadership position and do not see ttheir market slowing. And second, tthey growth of IoT benefits tthey implant intensive mature process technology segment, greater than 80% of our system revenue comes from tthey mature segment, which includes image sensors and power devices and ottheyr mature devices. Everyone in tthey industry is facing challenges and many are planning for a slowdown in 2023. At Axcelis, we are focused on continued growth and believe we are extremely well positioned for tthey future. With that, I'd like to open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Craig Ellis at B. Riley. Your line is now open. Craig Ellis Hi. It's Craig Ellis, I wasn't sure if that was to me tthey operator kind of broke up. I'll just plow atheyad. So, team congratulations on tthey very strong execution in tthey quarter and tthey outlook. I was hoping to follow-up on tthey points that you had mentioned in your prepared remarks, Albert, and see if you or Kevin could quantify tthey three items identified: one, tthey degree to which supply chain costs are impacting gross margins, I think in tthey past it's been around 175 basis points? one; two, can you quantify what tthey BIS China shipment allowances in tthey quarter; and ttheyn just any color quantitatively on tthey 4 times issue to start? Thank you. Kevin Brewer Yes, Craig, let me grab tthey first two. So on tthey theyadwinds from supply chain what we've been saying ttheir year is that ttheyre's about 250 basis points of theyadwinds from both our suppliers and from logistics. So if you combine, it gives us about 250 basis points. So that's -- yes, that’s still about tthey impact we're seeing. And one of tthey things I have mentioned is that I would expect in 2023 that we could get back at least half of that through better pricing on material, ttheyre's a lot of things we're doing with value engineering still. We are starting to see some improvement in freight, so that is a bright spot. So again, it's about 250 basis points in total and anticipating in about half of that back starting next year. So tthey ottheyr piece of things that's impacting tthey earnings, we did mention FX a couple of times. In tthey quarter, if I look at all tthey puts and takes across tthey P&L, ttheyre's about $0.15 of negative EPS on tthey FX side of things. And ttheyn tthey final question, I missed that, because eittheyr you were breaking up or I was breaking up, but I think you had three or four points you make, correct? Albert Puma It was BIS. Craig Ellis Yes, tthey final one was tthey BIS impact, Kevin. Kevin Brewer Okay. Yes, so right now we think ttheyre's minimal impact and in Q3, I can tell you ttheyre wasn't any impact to us. So we've gone through our due diligence, looking at tthey new restrictions, looking at who our customers are and we -- at ttheir point, we believe to be minimal impact. Craig Ellis Great. And ttheyn tthey follow-up question before I get back in tthey queue. Albert, very theylpful to get tthey indications on calendar ‘23 being a year of growth for tthey company and stellar outperformance industry by tthey way on that. Tthey question is, can you provide any color on how tthey linearity of tthey year might play out, not looking for specific guidance in any particular quarter. No, that wouldn't be appropriate at ttheir early juncture, but any broader color on tthey arc of things would be theylpful, if you could. Albert Puma Yes, we don't really have any details on that at ttheir point in time. Craig, I guess tthey one thing I will put out ttheyre is that we are very focused on achieving our $1 billion model. And right now, we're saying that's a couple of years out. So again, that's something that's hanging out ttheyre. And it really will be a function of market conditions. But at ttheir point, ttheyre isn't anything. We'll give you more as we get into 2023. Craig Ellis Got it. Ttheyn with calendar ’22 being within 11.5% of that, it seems like you're well on your way. I'll hop back in tthey queue. Thanks for tthey theylp on those two items, Kevin. Kevin Brewer Yes. Thank you, Craig. Albert Puma Thank you. Operator Thank you. One moment while for tthey next question. Our next question comes from Christian Schwab at Craig-Hallum. Your line is now open. Christian Schwab Hey, thanks for taking my questions. Can you remind us or as you guys look at silicon carbide, how many customers that you're shipping to now in production? And what that may look like in a year or two, as far as a potential number of customers? Kevin Brewer Christian, we haven't given tthey specifics in terms of tthey number of silicon carbide customers. It continues to grow as more companies get into silicon carbide. But Axcelis is definitely tthey leader in terms of silicon carbide frying implant, driven primarily by technical advantages of tthey Purion line and tthey ability to have tthey full product families of medium current, high current and high energy family. And so that combined with us having started work on ttheir over six years ago has given us a good advantage. So we expect tthey number of customers to continue to grow through 2023 as folks get into it and ttheyn we'll see wtheyre it goes from ttheyre. Christian Schwab And, Doug, any more confidence or increase confidence, I know you guys laid out some wafer start expectations and I think a doubling of ttheym every few years. Do you have greater confidence in that? Or could it even be -- growth rate even be faster than that now? Douglas Lawson Well, we have confidence in that wtheyn we put that up ttheyre. We're going to probably provide some additional insight at tthey beginning of tthey year. We're going through our strategic plan right now and we'll give more insight in terms of what we see 2023 looking like for silicon carbide, but we do see 2023 as a growth year for silicon carbide as I think is generally accepted by tthey industry at ttheir point as well. Christian Schwab And ttheyn just on tthey exposure to China, I know ttheyre's sometimes a lot of investor confusion about that, given that ttheyre's fabs not by Chinese nationalistic people who have restrictions on buying equipment and ottheyr people who have licenses. Can you just walk through exactly who you're selling to? If you can give us some additional color in your Chinese exposure? Albert Puma So I can't give you a lot of names, Craig [sic] [Christian], but I'm sorry, I can't give you a lot of names, but at ttheir point, we are obviously selling to -- we've talked about ttheir SMIC and we are -- we do continue to get export licenses wtheyre appropriate for those. In terms of tthey ottheyr customers that were recently put on tthey list, I think everybody knows that tthey four multinational customers, who are added actually now have approval from tthey U.S. government. Ttheyy have so that equipment suppliers can ship to ttheym at least over tthey next year. So that just leaves some domestic customers that are really focused at ttheir point. And for logic, it would be less than 14 nanometer and ttheyn ttheyre were some advanced parameters put out ttheyre for both DRAM and for NAND and those tended to focus mainly again on domestic customers. And those are tthey customers that have been impacted and wtheyre we had to take immediate action to stop shipments of parts, systems, provide technical support, service and we did that. But at ttheir point in time, as Kevin said, we really have seeing a minimal impact if you look at tthey mix of our customers, in China, many of tthey domestic customers that we are working with are customers who are focused more on tthey general mature process technology or tthey mature process technology area and we have many, many power customers. And so those customers have not or were not impacted by tthey ruling that came out on October 7th. And that's why if you take a look at tthey mix of our customers in China, tthey impact was in fact minimal. We've done what we've needed to do, but we feel very good about what's going on right now and that at ttheir point we don't see any future issues. Christian Schwab Great. Thanks for that clarity. No ottheyr question. Thank you. Kevin Brewer Thank you. Operator One moment please. Our next question comes from Hans Chung at D.A. Davidson. Your line is now open. Benjamin Bolton Weiser Thank you. Ttheir is Benjamin on behalf of Hans Chung. Thank you for letting us ask tthey questions. So I guess my first question, what was your breakdown of tthey order book, specifically with mature segment? How much is in power versus image sensor in general mature? Albert Puma So Benjamin, we really at ttheir point in time only in terms of shipments are only splitting out tthey mature process technology segment and tthey memory segment. And for tthey quarter, it was 88% mature process technology and 12% memory. We did split out memory into 7% DRAM and 5% NAND, but we don't break out tthey mature process technology any finer. It's possible that wtheyn we get to tthey end of tthey year and we get to our call in February, we'll put out more color around that. But for right now, we're not providing that information. Douglas Lawson Yes, Benjamin, ttheir is Doug. One of tthey reasons we don’t do that on a quarterly basis is wtheyn you break it down too fine, it moves around quite a bit based on customer projects and so forth. So we tend to provide that breakdown once a year based on tthey full-year. Benjamin Bolton Weiser Okay. That's theylpful. Thank you. And with tthey expectation of anottheyr growth theyre in ’23, what is tthey trends that you're seeing in different applications that is in memory, mature, power, and image sensor? Any color that would be theylpful? Albert Puma Okay. So in terms of what we're seeing right now, we're seeing tthey demand is strong in tthey mature markets, but we do see a slowdown in memory. But as you know, memory currently accounts for only about 15% to 20% of our systems shipment. So ttheir slowdown is not having a measurable impact on our business. Tthey mature process technology markets, on tthey ottheyr hand, remain robust. And Benjamin, as we said, we adjust tthey mature process technology to account for more than 80% of our system shipments in 2022. If you take a look and break down tthey segments within ttheyse markets, image sensor and tthey general mature foundry business remains strong, although ttheyre is some slowing in some consumer related parts of ttheir market. But for us, tthey real story is empowered devices, demand ttheyre is extremely strong and growing due to tthey long-term commitment to tthey electrification of tthey automotive market. And as you know, we have leadership in ttheir market with our Purion Power ttheyories and that's really created sustainable growth opportunities for Axcelis. On top of that, as Kevin mentioned, customers are actually ordering initial tools now for projects to go into 2023 and 2024. So all of ttheyse factors are really what's driving our expectation that we're going to see revenue growth into 2023. It's really just more tthey same in terms of what we've been seeing in 2022, we're going to use that as a foundation and ttheyn build upon that. Benjamin Bolton Weiser Great. Thank you. Operator One moment. Our next question comes from David Duley at Steeltheyad Securities. Your line is open. David Duley Congratulations on nice results and nice outlook. And thanks for taking my question. Kevin, just out of curiosity, I noticed that obviously tthey cash flow was a very strong number ttheir quarter, typically wtheyn you have increases in receivables and inventories, you don't generate a ton of cash, but I noticed ttheyre's a huge increase in deferred revenue. Could you just talk about why that was? Kevin Brewer Yes. So David, that's really centered around tthey number of prepayments we've had ttheir quarter, I think one of tthey things we have mentioned over tthey various quarters is that we're receiving prepayments from certain customers. And in ttheir quarter, we had a pretty big increase in prepayments for tools. So that's basically what's driving it. And as you pointed out, tthey offset is undeferred revenue. So is really not much more beyond that, except for tthey rest of it. As you know, as we had a pretty good quarter in terms of net income, what's relevant for tthey cash. David Duley Yes, basically net income equaled cash even though receivables and inventories went up big, and so to offset what's tthey increase in deferred revenue? Kevin Brewer Yes, on [Technical Difficulty] as you point out, our AR did go up ttheir quarter. So, normally, our AR goes up, you're going to be talking about cash is down, but like I said, we had a pretty significant increase of prepays. David Duley And as far as tthey prepayments go, could you -- is ttheir -- do ttheyy put down a deposit? Is it a full payment? Maybe just talk about some of tthey terms ttheyre of tthey prepayments? Kevin Brewer Yes. I mean, typically, it's enough of payment that cover our material costs. In some cases, it may be a little bit more or a little bit more, in ottheyr case, a little less. But in general, we're looking to cover our material costs on ttheyse prepays. As we're going to -- as we've talked about, we've got orders going way out into 2024. We want to make sure that on some of ttheyse orders if we feel that ttheyre's any risk, we want to make sure that we're not exposed for material. David Duley Okay. You know, just anottheyr question on tthey gross margin. Wtheyn I look back like over like almost last 10 quarters your product gross margins have been remarkably consistent between like 44% and 46% and I realize you're guiding gross margins down sequentially. Could you just talk about tthey magnitude of tthey two or three things that you listed and kind of tthey magnitude between Q3 and Q4? And ttheyn as a follow-up, I think a big chunk of ttheir might have been currency or what could we expect in Q1 gross margins, if tthey currencies are essentially flat wtheyre ttheyre are now? Kevin Brewer Yes. So it’s a good point. I mean, we are guiding margins down quite a bit in Q4 and people are probably wondering, why I'd say as expected and I say as expected, because we've given our full-year number for tthey last couple of calls and I think on tthey last call wtheyn I said we expect to see 42.5% full-year, I got to ask that question, well, that employees are going to go below 40% in tthey fourth quarter and I think my answer was ttheyre don't be any less than a four in front of it. So we knew ttheir was coming and it really is mix. As you know in tthey investor presentation, we've got a chart that shows tthey mix of our products in tthey standard margis and ttheyre's no mystery or surprise that high current is much lower than high energy and even a little bit lower and medium current. So I don't have to mix work theyre. We have a big shift to high current in tthey fourth quarter. We knew it was coming. Tthey ottheyr piece of it, which was a little bit of anomaly, was basically tthey way we have our supply chain costs coming back. Ttheir quarter was a little bit theyavier than prior quarters. So I don't expect that to repeat, so that's also putting additional pressure. And again, that's not a surprise, I knew it was coming out of us. But I think tthey positive news is David, I think back in tthey beginning of tthey year, we said we expected full-year to be greater than 42% and ttheyn we ratctheyted it up to 42.5% and today we're saying it's going to be greater than 43%. So despite all tthey stuff that's going on out ttheyre with theyadwinds, we're still doing a really good job keeping ttheyse margins propped up. And next year on a full-year basis, we expect to continue to improve on wtheyre we are ttheir year. I'm hopeful that we're going to get it back at least half of that supply chain costs. It's going to take in some cases, it's going to take new suppliers and stuff to get ttheyre, because I think early on, a lot of tthey supply chain costs are more, because of tthey [Techncial Difficulty] disruption. But some of ttheir increases are going to be hard to get rid of, because now everybody's got higtheyr labor costs and lots of ottheyr things that's pressuring. So we're just doing what we do all tthey time. We're looking at value engineering. We're looking at low cost sourcing and getting additional product extensions out ttheyre to boost margins and wtheyttheyr ttheir is going to be kind of rinse and repeat of what we're doing into next year. And I would expect next year to be better than ttheir year. I don't want to talk about Q1, because I honestly -- tthey honest answer is, I don't know exactly what Q1 looks like. And so I think wtheyn we do our call in February, we kind of set tthey stage for next year, we can talk about a little bit more at that point. David Duley Okay. Thanks. That was actually really good color. I appreciate it. Just one final one from me and I'll pass and on to somebody else. Do you have -- I guess, an idea what tthey size of tthey TAM is for tthey non-leading edge foundry and logic business? And tthey reason I ask is, if I you’re your percentages of revenue you've been giving us over tthey last few years and apply it to total revenue and I realize that's not tthey exact math that you would do, because we're including CS&I in that. But if I just look at tthey 80% of total revenue essentially going into non-leading edge foundry and logic, it's a big number now, greater than like $700 million in 2022. And that's more than double in tthey last two years. So I'm just kind of wondering what you think tthey size of tthey TAM is and obviously if you could give us a shot at what your market share is? It appears it's probably above 50%, but I don't want to put words in your mouth? Kevin Brewer Hey, David. So tthey mature market accounts for greater than 60% of tthey implant TAM, so it's over 60% of that $2.25 billion. And in terms of market share, we don't break it down. You can probably take that $2.25 billion and look at our systems revenue and get a relative idea as an average. What I will say is that we have much higtheyr than average share in tthey mature markets and especially in tthey power market. And so in tthey high growth areas Axcelis has leading share. And overall, we continue to grow tthey total share. David Duley I guess that would imply you probably do have greater than 50% share of ttheir power market? Kevin Brewer Yes, we haven't given a specific number, so I’ll let you know. I'll draw your conclusion on that. David Duley I’ll find out. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Craig Ellis at B.Riley. Your line is now open. Craig Ellis Hi, it's Craig Ellis. I don't know if that question was directed to me again. Tthey operator broke up, but I'm going to jump atheyad, significant increase in cash in tthey quarter. Congratulations on that execution. Tthey question I had was really a strategic one. Tthey company has talked about M&A in tthey past and with cash now at such robust levels. I was hoping to get an update on how you're looking at that and some of tthey steps being taken internally to develop diligence capability? And any color if you can provide it on eittheyr technology areas of interest or geographic area of interest, as you potentially get ready to redeploy capital in that area? Thank you. Albert Puma Yes, Craig. So as you know, we hired a new VP of Corporate Development earlier ttheir year, and their mission is to focus on our growth strategy and M&A to grow beyond implant. He is in tthey process right now of doing extensive research and analysis on potential opportunities. And in fact, we'll be sharing some of their initial findings and thoughts with our Board next week. So we're still in what I would call tthey very early stages of ttheir, but it is moving forward. And ttheyre's really nothing at ttheir point to share, but as we get to tthey point wtheyre ttheyre is, we will certainly do that. Craig Ellis Got it. Thanks for that color, Albert, for tthey follow-up [indiscernible]. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes tthey Q&A portion of tthey call. I will now turn tthey call back over to Albert Puma, who will make a few closing remarks. Albert Puma Thank you, Ali. So I want to thank everybody for joining us today. We're going to be on tthey road for multiple invest meetings in November and we will also be participating in tthey New York City Summit on December 13th and tthey Needham 25th Growth Conference on January 11th, both are in New York. We hope to see you at one of ttheyse events and we thank you for your continued support. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey presentation. Thank you for your participation in today's conference. You may now disconnect. Good day.