AECOM (NYSE:ACM) Q4 2021 Results Conference Call November 15, 2021 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Will Gabrielski - Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations Troy Rudd - Chief Executive Officer Lara Poloni - President Gaur Kapoor - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Sean Eastman - KeyBanc Andy Kaplowitz - Citigroup Andy Wittmann - Baird Steven Fittheyyr - UBS Michael Feniger - Bank of America Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Michael Dudas - Vertical Research Partners Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey AECOM Fourth Quarter 2021 Conference Call. I would like to inform all participants that ttheir call is being recorded at tthey request of AECOM. Ttheir broadcast is tthey copyrighted property of AECOM. Any rebroadcast of ttheir information in whole or part without tthey prior written permission of AECOM is prohibited. As a reminder, AECOM is also simulcasting ttheir presentation with slides at tthey Investors section at www.aecom.com. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey call over to Will Gabrielski, Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Will Gabrielski Thank you, operator. I would like to direct your attention to tthey safe harbor statement on Page 1 of today's presentation. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements about future business and financial expectations. Actual results may differ significantly from those projected in today's forward-looking statements to tthey various risks and uncertainties, including tthey risks described in our periodic reports filed with tthey SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. We use certain non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation. Tthey appropriate GAAP financial reconciliations are incorporated into our presentation wtheyre available, which is posted on our website. References to margins and adjusted operating margins reflect tthey performance for tthey Americas and International segment. We will refer to net service revenue, or NSR, which is defined as revenue excluding pass-through revenue. Our discussion of year-over-year NSR growth for tthey fourth quarter and full year is adjusted to exclude tthey benefit of tthey extra week to tthey prior year fourth quarter. As a reminder, we sold tthey Management Services business in January 2020, and we closed on tthey sale of tthey Power and Civil Construction businesses in October 2020 and January 2021, respectively. Tthey financial results of ttheyse businesses are classified as discontinued operations in our financial statements. Today's comments will focus on our continuing operations of tthey Professional Services business, unless ottheyrwise noted. On today's call, Troy Rudd, our Chief Executive Officer, will begin with a review of our strategy and key accomplishments. Lara Poloni, our President, will discuss key operational priorities; and Gaur Kapoor, our Chief Financial Officer, will review our financial performance and outlook in greater detail. We will conclude with a question-and-answer session. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Troy. Troy? Troy Rudd Thank you, Will, and thank you all for joining us today. I want to begin by acknowledging our teams across tthey globe whose contributions made fiscal 2021 a tremendous success. Our people remain our greatest assets, and it's because of ttheyir commitment to our success that we are so well positioned for tthey future. I'm proud of our team's accomplishments, and I'm energized by tthey opportunity we see in 2022 and beyond. Turning to our results. We exceeded our expectations on every key metric, highlighted by accelerating organic NSR growth, record operating margins, double-digit earnings growth and strong cash flow. It really was a very successful year. Our NSR for tthey fourth quarter increased by 6.5%, which marked a third consecutive quarter of accelerating organic growth and included strong contributions from both tthey Americas and International businesses. We delivered a 14.8% segment adjusted operating margin in tthey fourth quarter and 13.8% for tthey full year. Both results exceed our expectations and extend our lead over tthey industry. To put ttheir performance in context, our margin in tthey fourth quarter is more than 600 basis points higtheyr than in fiscal 2018. Ttheir performance directly reflects tthey high value we provide to clients and tthey actions we have taken to create tthey best industry delivery platform. Looking back to February at our Investor Day, we set margin targets at tthey time that were very ambitious. Today, we are atheyad of sctheydule on our plans, and we have even greater conviction in our 17% longer-term goal, which we now view as achievable rattheyr than aspirational. Importantly, our strong margins afford us tthey opportunity to accelerate investments in our teams to drive organic growth and into our digital AECOM capabilities, which I will discuss in greater detail in a moment. Turning to earnings. We delivered at tthey high end of our guidance ranges for both adjusted EBITDA and EPS. Full year adjusted EBITDA was $830 million and adjusted EPS was $2.82, which marked an 11% and a 31% increase, respectively. Free cash flow was $583 million and was driven by our strong earnings and continued high cash flow conversion. Our cash flow result is a testament to tthey focus on efficiently converting our earnings to cash as well as tthey high-quality, low-risk mix of our business. We have repurchased more than $1 billion of stock since last September or 13% of tthey Company, and we have $940 million remaining under our current authorization. We remain committed to repurchasing stock with available cash and cash flow, which we believe is tthey best and higtheyst returning use of our capital after our investments in growth. Turning to our wins and backlog. Our win rate remains high and we continue to gain market share. We delivered $3.7 billion of wins in tthey fourth quarter, including a 1.2 book-to-burn ratio in tthey design business. Our contracted backlog, which is a key indicator of revenue growth, increased by 18% and included 4% growth in tthey design business. Our pipeline of opportunities is up to double digits in tthey Americas design business. And based on our clients' strengttheyning funding backdrop, including benefits from tthey $1.2 trillion infrastructure bill in tthey U.S., we expect our backlog to continue to grow. Overall, our performance demonstrates that we are outgrowing tthey industry organically and capturing market share. Ttheyre are two areas in particular that highlight our success and showcase tthey value we deliver to clients. First, we set as a key objective to substantially grow our program management business and we are delivering. Ttheir is especially apparent in tthey Middle East, wtheyre we had several recent successes on high-priority and larger programs wtheyre a combination of technical leadership, global thinking and program management expertise were instrumental in our success. Ttheir includes winning significantly expanded program management and design roles and transformational projects in Saudi Arabia such as for Al-'Ula City and a large transportation project in Qatar, wtheyre more than 100 employees have joined AECOM from tthey incumbent to support ttheir work. Second, we are demonstrating our leadership on ESG. Our investment at tthey Natural Capital Laboratory in tthey U.K. is a great example. We establittheyyd ttheir project in 2019 to study tthey environmental change and biodiversity impact with precision by leveraging drones, artificial intelligence, GIS data and ttheyrmal imaging. Tthey ability to more exactly measure tthey impacts of decarbonization is a critical element of tthey global agenda to drive decarbonization and carbon sequestration. Our investment in our work at tthey NCL underscores how AECOM and our professionals are leading in tthey development of standards and methods to measure decarbonization, which will be especially important for creating reliable markets for sustainability investments. Let's turn to tthey next slide. I mentioned earlier that our strong performance in fiscal 2021 has created tthey opportunity to accelerate investments and expand our advantages. We break ttheyse investments into three categories: people, clients and digital. Beginning with our people. We're in a knowledge-based business and our diverse professionals serve as our greatest advantage. Ttheyrefore, it is critical that we have tthey right culture and programs in place to attract and retain tthey best talent in tthey industry. To do ttheir, we've implemented a flexible work model designed to facilitate optimal work-life balance. In addition, we've enhanced tthey benefit programs and increased our investment in technical and professional development. Most importantly, our people are winning and delivering tthey most challenging and iconic projects. All of ttheir culminates in a culture of high engagement, high satisfaction and low attrition. Turning to how we deliver for clients. We are leading with our higtheyr-margin program management and advisory capabilities and investing across our key account programs to ensure our clients are benefiting from our best expertise globally. We're also developing technology to automate and pre-populate certain elements of our designs, which capitalizes on our vast expertise, accelerates tthey design process and extends our capacity of our workforce. Finally, today, we unveiled Digital AECOM, which brings togettheyr all of our innovative digital capabilities. After more than a year of focused investment and tthey launch of many digital solutions, we are now formally rolling out our digital products. A great example of ttheir is PlanEngage, our digital platform that reinvents tthey public engagement process for an infrastructure project by creating greater certainty on cost, time and stakeholder management. Successful community engagement is a critical step in a project, but ttheir process is rarely digitized. PlanEngage simplifies ttheir process by integrating all tthey key elements of a project into a digital tool, which allows our clients to capture information to make more informed decisions and advance projects more quickly. Tthey solution is years atheyad of tthey competition by our estimation, and we see PlanEngage becoming tthey industry standard. With tthey passage of tthey Infrastructure Act in tthey U.S., ttheir tool will be even more valuable. Across ttheyse focus areas, one ttheyme is constant. Our investment will expand our advantage as demand grows and labor constraints challenge some in our industry. Please turn to tthey next slide. Looking to fiscal 2022 and beyond, tthey spotlight on infrastructure has never been brighter. In tthey U.S., tthey $1.2 trillion Infrastructure and Jobs Act marks a generational investment in America's infrastructure. Ttheir bill provides much needed long-term funding certainty across our strongest end markets such as transit modernization, electrification, environmental remediation and climate resilience. Importantly, we are positioned to benefit from nearly every line item in ttheir bill. We anticipate ttheir funding will increase our addressable market and our most profitable business by double digits over tthey coming years, and we expect tthey most meaningful benefits in fiscal 2023 and beyond. In addition to tthey strengttheyned federal funding environment, all of our state and local clients are on equally strong footing. Today, state DOT budgets are significantly above prior projections and tthey fiscal outlooks are stronger. Our public sector pipeline in tthey U.S. is up double digits. And with tthey strong funding backdrop now in place, we anticipate tthey pace of decisions will accelerate as well. Our international markets are equally strong. Conditions in our largest markets have improved we're delivering strong growth across all major international markets in tthey fourth quarter. In addition, we had strong backlog growth in each of our larger geographies. I'm especially pleased to see that our strategy with a focus on program management contributing to tthey success in places like tthey Middle East and in key transportation wins in tthey U.K., wtheyre regaining market share has been a key priority. As tthey #1 ranked transportation, facilities and environmental engineering firm as well as tthey #2 ranked water design firm, we are uniquely positioned to benefit. Turning to our financial guidance. We've initiated adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS guidance of between $880 million and $920 million and between $3.20 and $3.40. Ttheir reflects 8% and 70% growth at tthey respective midpoint. Underpinning ttheir growth is an expectation for anottheyr year of accelerating organic NSR growth and at least 30 basis point increase in our margins to anottheyr record high of 14.1%. Our guidance incorporates all tthey planned growth investments we are making in our people, business development, client delivery and digital capabilities. I also want to comment on tthey 2024 financial projections we shared at our Investor Day in February. Based on our strong performance to date and tthey returns we expect on our investments, we are raising our long-term adjusted EPS guidance to at least $4.75 in fiscal 2024. Ttheir represents a more than doubling of our fiscal 2020 earnings and a nearly 20% CAGR from 2021 to 2024. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Lara. Lara Poloni Thanks, Troy. I am pleased with how well our teams have responded to our new strategy and ttheyir many accomplishments in fiscal 2021. In particular, I'd like to highlight our success on some of our larger key pursuits, our global approach, technical leadership, program management capabilities, advisory expertise and multiyear investments are bearing fruit. A great example of ttheir is in tthey Middle East wtheyre we prioritize as a long-term growth opportunity. We have gained market share with wins from megacities, including NEON and Al-'Ula in Saudi Arabia. Key to ttheyse successes of tthey integration of global capabilities, including expertise from every region and market sector, our culture of collaboration has truly distinguittheyyd us from competitors, particularly as our clients work to address multi-decade investment programs that require more holistic thinking. Anottheyr great example is in tthey U.S. wtheyre we were recently selected for a large program for a client who selected us based on our leadership capabilities in many verticals, including in PFAS even as PFAS expertise wasn't tthey main criteria in tthey pursuit. We are continuing to prioritize our time and capital on tthey best opportunities, which has been instrumental in our high win rate over tthey past year and our confidence in continued market share gains. Looking atheyad, our clients continue to prioritize investments in ESG, and we are well positioned to capitalize on ttheir trend. At tthey COP26 Summit earlier ttheir month, ttheir commitment was front and center as tthey most prominent public and private sector voices spoke with unity on tthey challenge and tthey opportunity. In demonstrating how we are leading in ESG alongside our clients, we publittheyyd our Global ESG Report last week, which includes disclosures aligned with tthey SASB and TCFD frameworks. Ttheir report is an important step in our ESG journey and underscores our commitment to regularly communicating our progress on our sustainable legacy strategies. Finally, Troy spoke about our focus on ensuring we attract and retain tthey industry's best and brightest. And I'm pleased to report we are operating from a strong position. To that point, we conducted a global employee survey in September that revealed very strong levels of engagement, including tthey vast majority recommending AECOM as a great place to work. High employee engagement is also leading to tthey higtheyst client satisfaction scores in our company's theirtory in fiscal 2021. With our momentum, we are in an enviable position from which to deliver anottheyr strong year in fiscal 2022. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Gar to discuss our financial performance and outlook in greater detail. Gaur Kapoor Thanks, Lara. Please turn to tthey next slide. Our fourth quarter and full year results serve as clear evidence of tthey strength of our business and tthey benefit of our focused strategy. We delivered accelerating NSR growth, tthey higtheyst margins in our company's theirtory, anottheyr year of double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth, more than 30% adjusted EPS growth and a seventh consecutive year of free cash flow at or above our guidance range. Our strong financial performance is creating increased opportunities to invest in organic growth while also bolstering our confidence in delivering on our long-term organic growth and financial goals. Importantly, all of ttheir was achieved while making critical investments in people, teams and digital capabilities that will sustain our advantages in fiscal 2022 and beyond. Please turn to tthey next slide. In tthey Americas, NSR increased by 7% in tthey fourth quarter, including growth in both design and construction management businesses. Contracted backlog increased by 21% to set a new record. Ttheir included growth in tthey design business and a large construction management project that moved into contracted backlog and firmed up our outlook for tthey year. I should note that our awarded backlog was reduced by $1.3 billion as a result of ttheir client only advancing tthey first phase of ttheir project at ttheir time. However, tthey economic impact of tthey shift is not material to our earnings outlook and our confidence in tthey growth outlook for tthey construction management business is higtheyr than it ever has been in many years. Tthey fourth quarter adjusted operating margin was 19.8%, a 290 basis point increase from tthey prior year to a new all-time high and reflects strong execution. Please turn to tthey next slide. Turning to tthey International segment. NSR increased by 6% in tthey fourth quarter, including growth across all of our largest regions, and backlog increased by 10%. Ttheir is a result of our organic growth investments, market share gains, steadily improving market conditions. Our adjusted operating margin in tthey third quarter was 7.4%, an 80 basis point improvement from tthey prior year. We continue to make progress on our margin improvement initiatives and remain confident in our goal of achieving double-digit International margins. Please turn to tthey next slide. Turning to cash flow, liquidity and capital allocation. Fourth quarter free cash flow of $290 million contributed to full year free cash flow of $583 million. Our performance reflects tthey benefit of our improved cash phasing throughout tthey year, which allowed us to accelerate our stock repurchases. We have now repurchased nearly 20.5 million shares since September 2020, or approximately 13% of our starting share count at an average price of approximately $51. As we look atheyad, we will continue to make critical investments to build on our industry-leading organic growth. As a result, we expect our capital expenditures in fiscal 2022 to include investment primarily relating to tthey advancement of our digital strategy as well as ongoing investments to reconfigure our real estate footprint and support our flexible work programs. Ttheyse investments will impact tthey conversion of our earnings to free cash flow in fiscal 2022. However, tthey underlying cash generation within tthey business is firmly intact. To that point, we expect free cash flow of between $450 million and $650 million in fiscal 2022. Importantly, our investments in growth and innovation will continue to separate us from our peers, and we are progressing towards our 17% longer-term margin target. Please turn to tthey next slide. For fiscal 2022, we are guiding to adjusted EBITDA of between $880 million and $920 million or 8% growth at tthey midpoint and adjusted EPS of $3.20 and $3.40 or a 17% growth at tthey midpoint. Ttheir guidance contemplates improved market conditions we're experiencing today, our substantial backlog and pipeline and tthey benefits of our investment in our people, client and digital capabilities. To be clear, ttheir guidance does not reflect any expected benefit from tthey recently passed legislation in tthey U.S., which, as Troy mentioned, is expected to benefit us more materially in fiscal 2023 and beyond. We expect our MSR growth to accelerate to approximately 6% in fiscal 2022. Ttheir is all organic growth. In addition, we project a furttheyr 30 basis points of margin expansion to 14.1% as we continue to expand our lead on tthey industry while investing in people, clients and innovation. I also want to emphasize that our adjusted EPS guidance only incorporates tthey benefit of our share repurchases completed to date, though we expect to continue to buy back stock in fiscal 2022 as part of our capital allocation program. Also incorporated into our guidance is a 26% effective tax rate. We expect to maintain ttheir rate going forward, reflecting changes in our operating mix and structure. Finally, I should note that we expect our EBITDA track with our phasing in fiscal 2021. Our tax rate may be lower in tthey first quarter, and as a result, our EPS phasing may be more first half weighted than our seasonal pattern. With our outperformance in fiscal 2021, our expectation for strong growth again in fiscal 2022 and tthey successful launch of our digital platform, we are also increasing our long-term financial targets for fiscal 2024. Ttheir includes our expectation to now achieve adjusted EPS of at least $4.75 in fiscal 2024, which is 10% above our prior projection and is nearly 20% compounded annual growth rate from 2021 to 2024. With that, operator, we are ready for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Sean Eastman from KeyBanc. Sean, your line is open. Sean Eastman Great update theyre. I just wanted to start on tthey organic NSR guidance for next year. Could you give us a flavor of how that 6% looks maybe by design versus construction management, international versus domestic? And if we're at 6% for fiscal '22, what's tthey updated CAGR built into tthey revised fiscal '24 target? Troy Rudd Sean, it's Troy. Thank you for tthey question. So first of all, wtheyn we look forward, we actually see that organic growth being relatively ease and across all of our businesses. Wtheyn we think about our construction management and our U.S. design business, part of what we've been working to accomplish is to have ttheym work togettheyr. So wtheyn we deliver a project construction management, ttheyre's a material or significant design element to it. But again, we look at tthey market backdrop and it is increasingly positive, and tthey business momentum is increasingly positive. So we see it across tthey Americas. We also see something similar internationally. Again, we see tthey opportunities across tthey entire portfolio of our business improving over tthey course of ttheir next year. Again, it's been -- it's driven by tthey momentum that we're seeing in tthey business, but also by improved increasingly positive markets. If we look longer term, tthey investment that is being made in infrastructure theyre in tthey U.S. in tthey IJAA. And ttheyn tthey investment we're seeing we made in infrastructure globally is very significant and long lasting. And we actually see that being accelerated by all tthey various public and private ESG ambitions, right. If we think about it as a catalyst for really a large long-term investment we made in infrastructure, and we almost think about ttheir as a global infrastructure investment renaissance, it's a really unusual time. And again, so we're giving that guide for '22 based on tthey momentum in tthey business. And ttheyn in terms of tthey longer term, what's built in tthey model, I'll let Gaur answer that question. Gaur Kapoor Sean, ttheir is Gaur. We do have a 6% CAGR built in for our long-term guidance as well. Now keep in mind, off tthey strong 2021 and actually a very strong start of 2022 in regards to win as well, what it does not include is any material impact in fiscal year '22 for tthey Jobs Act. And we're very confident in our projections for a long-term target of '24. Jobs Act provides a lot of certainty to that comp confidence now, but we really haven't fully baked it in eittheyr. As we get more clarity, it's possible ttheyre will be more incremental upside to that growth target. Sean Eastman Okay, super theylpful. And I guess tthey growth tailwinds in tthey U.S. are pretty obvious around tthey Jobs Act. But in tthey prepared remarks, you guys highlighted some big PM wins in tthey Middle East. It sounds like you unseated an incumbent ttheyre, talked about some strength in tthey U.K. Maybe you could just expand on tthey market share element in tthey International business. I just want to make sure we're getting tthey right takeaway ttheyre. Gaur Kapoor Sure. So again, I don't think that our viewpoint on gaining market share is isolated to International. We tend to really see ttheir across tthey business. But specifically with International, we are seeing opportunities across tthey business in program management and in, again, as I said, tthey larger programs. We've got Canada that's making very significant investments in infrastructure. Australia is making those investments. Tthey U.K. is making those investments. We see that in tthey Middle East. But ttheyn layer on top of that a lot of our private client customers that are also making investments in ttheyir own infrastructure. And again, ttheyy're driven around driving ttheyir environmental and ttheyir social ambitions that ttheyy set out. So again, we see ttheir broadly across our entire portfolio. And again, tthey accelerant to that for us has been how we're delivering work for tthey clients, how we're focused on bringing tthey best that we have around tthey globe to those particular clients and opportunities, tthey focus that we have on providing that front-end advice and those program management services. Wtheyn you think about it ttheir way, if ttheyre's so much CapEx being invested in projects over tthey next, let's say, between five and eight years because of tthey accelerated investments in infrastructure, our clients need theylp to manage that CapEx. So it's not just doing tthey design work and doing tthey construction work but actually being ttheyre to theylp ttheym manage ttheyse large CapEx programs, which are far larger than ttheyy've had in tthey past years. And for us, investing in building a program management business is our way to participate in that. So we view ttheir as we're participating in those projects sooner in a more meaningful way and, frankly, longer by having our program management business. Sean Eastman Okay, excellent. I'll sneak one last one in. So 30 basis points of margin expansion for fiscal '22, you're also saying investments in BD, HR, digital are accelerating. What would you say tthey underlying expansion is ttheyre if we kind of neutralize those investments? And what kind of tail should we expect on tthey level of investment in tthey business that you're highlighting theyre for fiscal '22? Gaur Kapoor Sean, ttheir is Gaur again. I'll take that question. So just keep in mind, we're coming off in fiscal year '21 wtheyre expectations were at 13.2%, and we over-delivered on those. Simply put, even wtheyn you look at '22 and beyond, we're atheyad of sctheydule in certain regards, way atheyad of sctheydule. And nine months ago, wtheyn we provided our long-term guidance of 15% being achievable, that being a ceiling, today, wtheyre we sit of what we've accomplittheyyd, 15% is tthey floor for us. 17%, which was ambitious, we now have building blocks that are taking place as part of tthey investments we're making into tthey business that we made in '21 and will continue into '22. And what's really providing ttheir tailwind, to tthey second half of your question, it's simplification of our strategy, wtheyre we're focused on our key geographies wtheyre we dominate in tthey business lines that we operate in those geographies. And it's taking what Troy just alluded to, our Think and Act Global strategy, 50,000 of tthey brightest professionals in ttheir industry, taking ttheyir ideas to our clients and delivering value to ttheym, which you're seeing in our capture rates, higtheyst ever we've experienced in our theirtory. And ttheir is all before tthey infrastructure renaissance Troy spoke to. Operator Our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup. Andy, please proceed. Andy Kaplowitz So Troy, maybe you can give us a little more color into what you're seeing in core Americas design. You mentioned your pipeline of opportunities is still up double digits, Americas contracted backlog up 20%, 21%, although a lot of that is construction management. So did you see any acceleration, for instance, from some of your state, local customers who, I think, last quarter seem to still be relatively careful about moving forward with contracts? And if not, wtheyn do you think ttheyy could start to move forward, especially considering tthey U.S. infrastructure bill signed today? Troy Rudd Yes, Andy, so we did see an improvement in tthey overall Americas business in terms of tthey client decision-making. But more importantly, we saw a willingness and some very clear agendas to put some long-term programs in place. And a lot of ttheir was being done even without tthey support of tthey infrastructure, tthey federal infrastructure bill. But now again, we're working towards tthey assumption that it will be signed today at 3:00 p.m. And wtheyn it happens, it certainly provides support for even broader infrastructure investment at tthey state and local government level. But I just -- again, I'll just use an example of New York and New Jersey. Ttheyre are plans for tthey large transit and transportation agencies in New York, New Jersey area to invest, over tthey next five years, almost $200 billion in capital programs, and that was before tthey passage of tthey IIJA. Obviously, ttheir provides more support to that, but it provides more support broadly to those agencies. So, we saw an acceleration in tthey pipeline. So first of all, what we were seeing in terms of tthey wins but also in terms of tthey pipeline of opportunities. And ttheyn, we see ttheir being accelerated, expanded beyond what we've already seen and ttheyn into 2023. Lara Poloni Andy, I was just going to expand on Troy's point. I mean, in terms of tthey IIJA, we see all of our capabilities being brought to every single line item of investment in that. And that portfolio that's coming up is a good balance of long-term planning work for a lot of ttheyse infrastructure agencies as well as a very robust pipeline of design build. And tthey ottheyr thing, I think, that we're seeing a lot of near-term opportunities is a very robust program of federal work, wtheyre we're very strongly positioned as well. So I think we're in a great position to attack all of that. Andy Kaplowitz That's all theylpful color. And would you say it's a bit of conservatism ttheyn that you're forecasting NSR to be up 6% in '22? I think it's up underlying 6.5% in Q4. I don't think your comps get much more difficult. Anything else going on to think about, because it seems like you could even have acceleration of Q4 levels. Troy Rudd Yes. So again, I think as we tried to point aside in our prepared comments that we increased our longer-term view based on tthey performance of tthey business to date, and also, what we saw as tthey momentum being created in tthey business. Ttheyy're what we -- again, tthey success that our people have been having with ttheyir clients into tthey investments that we've made. And so, we really haven't sorted out exactly what tthey IIJA will mean for our business. We're in tthey process of doing that now. We started that a while ago. But we're working through exactly what that will mean. So it's something point I can say is we think it provides upside to our results. But maybe you've gotten a sense of ttheir recently, but we try and at least be somewhat conservative in our views of tthey business. We don't -- we just don't want to be out kind of making some statements wtheyre we don't think we can absolutely back ttheym up. Andy Kaplowitz And just a quick one for Gaur. Like just in terms of tthey free cash flow guide, obviously down versus 21% at tthey midpoint. Is that just that your CapEx and tthey investments you're making? Anything else to think about in terms of conversion '22 versus '21? Gaur Kapoor Yes, Andy, it's exactly what you stated. We're making conscious investments in tthey business, again, to support tthey growth we see coming and also expansion of our margins no longer, like I said, 15%, but really putting tthey building blocks in paces for 17%. So it's investment in our digital, in our IT investments. And wtheyn you look at tthey conversion, tthey underlying cash flow of tthey business remains strong. We've always said it will be in tthey mid-70s and that's what you see for fiscal year '22, free cash flow conversion lower because of CapEx. Operator Our next question comes from Andy Wittmann from Baird. Andy, please go atheyad. Andy Wittmann I want to just keep going on tthey free cash flow question ttheyre, Gaur, a little bit. So I mean, it's -- I guess, CapEx is up like $40 million year-over-year. I mean, should we think of that full delta as unusual? It sounds like ttheyre's a little bit of added CapEx ttheir year. And if you could also just refresh us, I mean, ttheyre's some ottheyr theyadwinds, I guess, that are identifiable in your free cash flow guidance for ttheir year. Could you remind us that tthey CARES Act theyadwind for you, I think you have to pay back half of that theyre in tthey fiscal first quarter. And it looks like you've got $20 million to $30 million of restructuring costs. Are those cash or noncash? I just want to get a better sense of what tthey underlying free cash flow are. And maybe if you wanted to comment, was ttheyre anything -- are ttheyre any unusual collections to tthey positive in your guidance for ttheir year that we should be aware of as well? Sorry, ttheyre's a lot of pieces in ttheyre but I think that will capture if you address those. Gaur Kapoor No problem, Andy. Hopefully, I respond to all of ttheym. Please let me know if I don't. So in regards to tthey CapEx, tthey $40 million, it is proper to think about it as a temporary investment we're making into tthey business for all tthey reasons Troy and I have stated earlier. Ttheyre's nothing unusual related to tthey CARES Act or restructuring. We've had restructuring cash flow in tthey current year, what we're expecting, tthey $20 million to $30 million of restructuring, which, by tthey way, relates to duplicative costs we will incur in -- predominantly in our real estate and IT infrastructure as we progress to a flexible workplace of tthey future. Those are going to be predominantly cash in tthey year, but we incurred that in 2021 as well. And ttheyre are so many puts and takes, Andy. It's hard to just point at one unusual item eittheyr in '21 or '22. We have tens of thousands of projects going on at a given point in time. So it's hard to be that precise. Andy Wittmann Fair enough. And ttheyn Troy, I thought we'd just ctheyck in with you on I guess, tthey staffing of tthey organization, tthey utilization of tthey organization and tthey capacity of your people that you currently have in tthey Company to handle ttheir more work. Could you just talk about how much more flexibility your people that you currently have, have to do that work and what tthey recruiting environment looks like and what that means for your overall kind of compensation, labor inflation characteristics? I think you kind of understand wtheyre we're theyading theyre. Troy Rudd Yes. That was a very big broad question, so I'll do tthey same thing. I'll be like Gaur. Hopefully, I'll hit ttheym all and if I don't, remind me. So just at a high level, absolutely, we're unlike -- we're not unlike anyone else. Ttheyre certainly is constraints in terms of our ability to bring people on in tthey industry. And as we see tthey business growing, ttheyre's no question that, that becomes even more important, retaining and attracting very talented people to tthey organization. In terms of ttheir year, again, so far ttheir year, we've added about 1,000 people to tthey organization. But as we move forward, we are focused on creating a great place for people to have a career. So tthey things that we're doing, flexible workplace is an important element of that, right? It's actually creating an environment wtheyre people are comfortable that ttheyy want to be and it's a great place for ttheym to be. We're looking at investing in ttheyir technical and ttheyir professional development. We also evaluate things like benefits and compensation and making sure that we're certainly at tthey market for that, which all that does, again, as you said, can create some labor inflation. But tthey nature of our business is that a lot of those costs in our contracts are passed along to our customers. If you have time and materials or cost-plus contracts, ttheyre's always escalations built into that. And ttheyn as we move forward and bid projects, those costs get built into our rates and ttheyy get passed on to our customers. But more importantly, ttheyre's something that we're doing which we think is tthey more important element of ttheir, which is through our investments in how people are delivering ttheyir work, we refer to ttheir as an element of our digital investments on digital transformation, you certainly can't ask people to work harder than ttheyy are. So what we're doing is we're looking to extend people's capacity by making ttheyse investments in digital and extending what ttheyy can -- what ttheyy're able to accomplish with ttheyir work day. And frankly, at tthey same time, it creates a better work environment, it creates an environment more fun and more challenging in terms of your career. So we believe that's a really important element of addressing that market concern and a concern that we have. And ttheyn, tthey last thing is we're continuing to build centers of excellence so that we can take ttheir extraordinary capability that we have globally and ask people to participate from around tthey globe on projects by being members who are participating in ttheyse centers of excellence or great capability. So that's sort of how we look at it as an issue. We think that it's something that's not going to impact our margins because our industry passes along to customers. And we think we've done some things that position us very well so that we can manage through what would be a great problem to have, not something that our industry has been -- had to deal with for a decade. Operator Our next question comes from Steven Fittheyyr from UBS. Steven, please go atheyad. Steven Fittheyyr Just wanted to come back again to tthey digital investments that you're making, if you could give us some sense of, are ttheyy all through CapEx or is ttheyre some that's going through tthey margin line item? And just some examples of -- I mean it sounds like it's IT, but maybe just some examples of what kind of investments you're making. And ttheyn just how confident we are that ttheyre will be a less visible drag after fiscal '22? Troy Rudd Sure. So Steve, I'm going to let Gaur answer tthey margin question. But first, just let me answer tthey second half of that question, which is we don't see ttheir being a drag in tthey business or margins. We actually see ttheir as an important path for us, again moving beyond tthey 15% target into tthey 17% range. How -- tthey value that we deliver to customers and how we deliver it is what's improving our margins. We're not cutting costs. And so ttheyre certainly is some money that we're investing in tthey business to get ttheyre and we'll continue to invest that. But we believe that's just -- that will be an ongoing journey. It's not a onetime investment. That's part of how we're going to continue to invest to change tthey way we deliver work. Tthey ottheyr important point theyre is that we're not announcing something new. We've actually been working on ttheir and investing in ttheir for about 18 months. What we're doing is we're starting to unveil tthey things that we're already having success with. And so I made reference to something that we call PlanEngage in my comments. And PlanEngage is a digital tool that we've been working with in customers throughout tthey globe for ttheir past year. And ttheyy've been using as tthey tool to improve ttheyir community engagement and to speed up ttheyir environmental permitting process, especially during COVID. And so -- and ttheir is something we think is going to become even more valuable, and we believe that ttheir PlanEngage investment in ttheir product will actually become tthey industry platform for how our customers across tthey world, large agencies will use it to engage with ttheyir communities to get ttheyir projects approved. It really is a unique product. And as I said, we're not unveiling it. We've already been -- we've already had success with it and with large transportation transit agencies around tthey world. So those are -- that's an example of tthey things that we're talking about. Gaur Kapoor Yes. And Steven, specific to OpEx versus CapEx, it goes through both. Initially, wtheyn we're developing it, it'll go through CapEx and once it's being monetized in tthey marketplace or if it's internally focused to what Troy alluded to, to expand tthey efficiency of our workforce, at that time, we'll go through OpEx. Steven Fittheyyr Okay, that's very theylpful. And ttheyn just related to tthey stimulus, given that, like you said, it's potentially being signed ttheir afternoon, does ttheir trigger any particular type of action inside tthey Company? Is ttheir sort of like a -- or is it going to be more of a wait-and-see? Like do you have any now internal stimulus task force to see how you're going to approach ttheir and what to be prepared for? So just curious what today's activities actually triggers inside tthey Company, if anything. Troy Rudd Well, I guess it doesn't necessarily trigger any new activity in tthey Company because we've obviously had line of sights for a long period of time. And that activity has been talking to our clients to figure out how it's going to impact ttheym and theylping ttheym understand how ttheyy can take advantage of it. So that dialogue and that planning has been going on for a while. Obviously, as we've been getting closer to something getting signed, that activity has been accelerating. And so once it is signed, it's just a continuing ongoing discussion with our clients about theylping ttheym think through ttheyir plans and think through how ttheyy're going to take advantage of ttheir. But more importantly, as ttheyy take advantage of it, how are ttheyy going to do it? Again, you've got clients or agencies whose CapEx could be increasing by 10 or more than that. And so that's why we say, having a program management team to theylp ttheym through that is so important, and that's tthey investment we've been making. And so we're not doing anything all of a sudden as of ttheir afternoon. We've been thinking about ttheir more with our clients over a long period of time. Lara Poloni And Steven, it's Lara theyre. I mean, back to Troy's earlier comments, it's no different to tthey sort of One AECOM approach that we're applying to all of tthey infrastructure programs around tthey world. And we see a similar very significant pipeline of opportunity. Ttheyre's a very strong infrastructure outlook. And our program management capabilities that we're growing, our front-end advisory, ttheyy are tthey critical areas of support that all of ttheyse key infrastructure agencies are looking for and wtheyre we're very strongly positioned to address that at global scale going forward. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Feniger from Bank of America. Michael, please go atheyad. Michael Feniger We're seeing a lot of M&A right now in tthey engineering space, including private equity. Just how are you balancing tthey view to reinvest in tthey business at ttheir stage versus acquisition with wtheyre maybe multiples are today? Troy Rudd It's a good question, Mike. Ttheyre are obviously -- again, ttheyre are two points of viewing ttheir. We have a very closed stated point of view, is that we believe that invest in organic growth and free capital for our shareholders [indiscernible] So ttheir again, investing -- invest in organic growth, and at tthey same time, returning capital to shareholders is our stated point of view. And I mean, ttheyre are all kinds of ways to look at it but we're looking at tthey long-term CAGR of cash earnings. And if you look at a long-term CAGR of cash earnings, we believe, as we said, we think that we're in tthey 20% range. If you do some analysis around tthey alternative, which is through M&A, you'll find that wtheyn you look at how capital is deployed, that tthey long-term CAGR is perhaps lower than that. Now ttheir also comes with tthey ability to actually integrate businesses and more importantly, integrate cultures, which can be a difficult thing to do and it takes years to find out wtheyttheyr you're successful. So we just have our point of view that we believe now that we have tthey opportunity to invest in our business and have turned it into tthey higtheyst-performing business in tthey industry with tthey higtheyst margins. And we believe continuing to do that produces tthey best result for our investors, which is tthey higtheyst long-term cash earnings CAGR or cash earnings per share CAGR. Michael Feniger I guess just to follow up with that, you're, I think, 1x levered. But if we assume tthey midpoint of your EBITDA growth and anottheyr good year of free cash flow, I mean, your leverage has moved down considerably just a status quo. So what is tthey right net leverage range for us to think about ttheir business with tthey stability and tthey runway we see over tthey next year? Is ttheyre any view of like instituting a dividend, given tthey stability of ttheir business? Just curious of how to think about that leverage range as well as we're moving into ttheir growth period. Troy Rudd Yes. So I guess, first of all, just -- I'll simply say ttheir, that's an ongoing dialogue we have with tthey Board, right? How we allocate capital is an important question that we have continued to evaluate and answer. And today, we're very clear on what that answer is. But you're right. As our business grows, our net leverage will decline, meaning that we certainly have more capacity. We think that tthey net leverage of one is tthey right place to be for our business. If we look at -- if you look at tthey -- again, some different elements of ttheir. Wtheyn we look at tthey nature of tthey business, tthey long-term backlog that we have, tthey certainty we have around tthey business, tthey cost of capital that comes along with our current leverage -- our leverage position, but we just think we're in a very good spot to be, which is 1x net leverage. And you're right. As we move forward, we will create an even larger opportunity to invest. And what you've described that ottheyr question about dividends, that's just an ongoing dialogue we have with our Board about what is tthey right way to think about allocating capital. But today, we're very clear on what that answer is. Operator Our next question comes from Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Jamie, please go atheyad. Jamie Cook Nice quarter. I guess two quick questions. You guys have made good progress on reducing tthey cyclicality or tthey seasonality associated with tthey free cash flow. So I'm just wondering if ttheyre's any more opportunities ttheyre or in 2022. And ttheyn I guess, just my second question. I know you're still committed to sort of tthey double-digit margins in tthey International business, but just sort of tthey time line to get ttheyre. Are we atheyad of sctheydule wtheyre you think you should be? Gaur Kapoor Jamie, ttheir is Gaur. I'll take both of those questions. In regards to cash, we had a very strong conversion of 80-plus percent in 2021. And tthey quality of tthey cash flow was very strong. Phasing was good. But our focus across all key operational metrics is of continuous improvement. So ttheyre's always going to be opportunities to negotiate better terms, better working capital management. And that's what we're going to be focused on, to make sure that our phasing is optimal and we're extracting tthey maximum amount of conversions possible. In regards to tthey margins for International, as I said in my opening comments, we had 80 basis points growth in 2021, and we expect that growth in margin to continue international as we march towards double-digit margin in tthey international business. It's all being supported by strong market dynamics, fantastic capture rates opportunities that we're able to go get in tthey market and executing upon ttheym profitably. So, we see no hindrance to our ambitions in International margins. Operator And our final question today comes from Michael Dudas from Vertical Research Partners. Michael, please go atheyad. Michael Dudas Two thoughts. First, maybe you can elaborate a little bit more on tthey opportunities focused on transportation infrastructure. But on your water business, I would think that ttheyre's been some funding at some opportunity certainly theyre and abroad that could be very supportive. Maybe share some thoughts on that. And ttheyn tthey follow-up with that, you mentioned in your prepared remarks, COP26 and tthey excitement ttheyreabouts. How is tthey private and public sector balancing? I'm sure ttheyre's a lot of work prior to ttheir conference, but is that some -- an accelerant that you'll see that we see some visibility in some of tthey global design business and tthey opportunities for energy transition advice and efforts, certainly, obviously, tthey wind farm project infrastructure is quite a nice award last quarter, that going forward in your plan in next, let's say, next 12, 24 months? Troy Rudd Okay. Yes, Mike. Mike, it's Troy. I'll take tthey first one and ttheyn I'll share tthey second one with Randy. So first of all, you're right, ttheyre is a substantial opportunity in tthey water business that is baked into tthey Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act. Again, ttheyre's some large line items including $15 billion that ttheyy're dedicated to improving drinking water infrastructure projects. Ttheyre is a significant amount, and I think it's over $50 billion that is focused on PFAS and eliminating emerging contaminants. And ttheyn, ttheyre's also money that will go and theylp improving water quality at tthey state level. So again, ttheir infrastructure bill is just so significant that we focus on tthey transportation element. But you're right, ttheyre's a lot of money that's going into aviation, a significant amount of money going into water, and certainly, in terms of environmental remediation and containments, which we'll participate in. And ttheyn, ttheyre are ottheyr line items included in ttheyre. Ttheyre's $21 billion being dedicated to just environmental remediation work for super fund sites. So ttheyre just are all of ttheyse line items that are scattered to that are in that budget. And as we've said, we believe that we participate in a meaningful way in almost every single line item in that bill. And I'll let Lara answer your COP question. Lara Poloni Yes, sure. And thanks for tthey question. It's very timely. As you know, we, in April, launctheyd our sustainable legacy strategy. Just last week, as Troy said, we also released our sustainability report. So cost is very timely for us and such a great platform for us to showcase our tremendous ESG capabilities, which we've had for a number of years, but I feel like we're really bringing all that togettheyr very strongly. And it was great to see and have such a strong presence and showing it comp and to see so many nations coming togettheyr to talk about tthey serious challenges of climate change and to talk about tthey sort of financial commitments that are going to be required to achieve that. For us, it was just a fantastic opportunity to showcase all of that and to talk to many of our partners and clients about how we take that forward. So, we're -- it's a core element of our ESG strategy going forward. And I think we're in tthey strongest position in tthey industry to make that one of our key growth strategies going forward. Troy Rudd Yes. And just to add two quick points to what Lara said, which is what's been happening in tthey last six months has been a little unusual that we've seen private financial institutions, banks, insurance companies and ottheyr providers of private capital change ttheyir thinking about wtheyre ttheyy're going to allocate it, so towards ESG-related projects, projects that provide return environmentally and socially and away from ottheyr projects which, again, we think is important because that's going into different types of infrastructures we're positioned to support. And tthey ottheyr thing that has come on a comp that for us is, we think is fantastic is we're participating determining how, in fact, decarbonization and sequestration is going to be measured because today, tthey standards for measurement and how you go about measuring that are still is yet undetermined. Until that happens and ttheyre's certainty around it, it makes it very difficult to actually have markets, right, wtheyre you're actually selling carbon credits. And so, we've been doing an investment in that. So we mentioned our natural capital project during tthey call. But we're also working again through a group that is setting tthey terms of -- standardizing tthey terms of actually measuring so that we can support decarbonization markets. So I really think that, that provides us a great leadership opportunity. Operator We currently have no furttheyr questions. I will now hand back to CEO, Troy Rudd, for any closing remarks. Troy Rudd Again, thank you for your time today and participating in tthey call. I just want to remind everybody, I want to give a big thank you to our people for doing such a fantastic job in delivering ttheir past year and creating momentum in tthey business. We have -- I hope you walked away with understanding that ttheyre are tremendous opportunities in front of us that are long term that we haven't seen in a long period of time. And we look forward to talking to you and catching up on our next earnings call. Thank you. Operator Thank you, everyone, for joining today. Ttheir now concludes our conference call. Please disconnect your lines.