AECOM Technology Corporation (NYSE:ACM) Q2 2019 Earnings Conference Call May 8, 2019 12:00 PM ET Company Participants William Gabrielski - VP, IR Michael Burke - Chairman & CEO Troy Rudd - CFO Randall Wotring - COO Conference Call Participants Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Andrew Whittman - Baird Steven Fittheyyr - UBS Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Michael Dudas - Vertical Research Chad Dillard - Deutscthey Bank Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey AECOM Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to inform all participants that ttheir call is being recorded at tthey request of AECOM. Ttheir broadcast is tthey copyrighted property of AECOM. Any rebroadcast of ttheir information in whole or part without tthey prior written permission of AECOM is prohibited. As a reminder, AECOM is also simulcasting ttheir presentation with slides at tthey Investors section at www.aecom.com. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would like to turn tthey call over to Will Gabrielski, Vice President, Investor Relations. William Gabrielski Thank you, operator, I would like to direct your attention to tthey Safe Harbor statement on Page 1 of today's presentation. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements about future business and financial expectations. Actual results may differ significantly from those projected in today's forward-looking statements due to various risks and uncertainties, including tthey risks described in our periodic reports filed with tthey SEC. Except as required by law, we take no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. We are using non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation. Tthey appropriate GAAP financial reconciliations are incorporated into our presentation, which is posted on our website. Please note that all percentages refer to year-over-year progress, except as noted. Our discussion of earnings results and guidance refers to adjusted financial metrics as defined and reconciled in today's earnings press release filed with tthey SEC and tthey presentation accompanying ttheir call. Today's discussion of organic growth is on a year-over-year and constant currency basis and is adjusted to exclude tthey impact of non-core businesses. Beginning today's presentation is Mike Burke, AECOM's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mike? Michael Burke Thank you, Will. Welcome everyone. Joining me today are Troy Rudd, our Chief Financial Officer; and Randy Wotring, our Chief Operating Officer. I will begin with a discussion of AECOM's results and discuss tthey trends across our business. I will also provide an update on our strategic actions to enhance shareholder value. Ttheyn Troy will review our financial performance and outlook in greater detail before turning tthey call over for a question-and-answer session. Please turn to Slide 3. We entered 2019 with substantial momentum in our business and across our markets. From ttheir position of strength, we initiated a series of strategic actions to maximize tthey profitability of our record backlog and to deliver both on our guidance for 12% adjusted EBITDA growth ttheir year and on our long-term financial objectives. I am pleased to report that we are executing ttheyse initiatives with precision as evidenced by our 16% adjusted EBITDA growth in tthey first half of tthey year. 17% EBITDA growth in tthey second quarter, $18 billion of year-to-date wins and $8 billion of wins in tthey second quarter. We ended tthey second quarter with anottheyr new record for backlog at $61 billion. Across our business a number of important trends are becoming apparent. First, project execution across our portfolio is strong, second, tthey substantial $225 million restructuring we have executed has created a more profitable company, which tthey margin improvement we delivered in tthey DCS segment ttheir quarter demonstrated. Third and most importantly we have achieved all ttheyse successes while maintaining a market leading position and continue to win work at a record pace. Turning to our second quarter results; we delivered adjusted EBITDA of $235 million which was atheyad of our expectations. Organic revenue grew by 7% and included strong contributions across tthey business led by our higtheyr margin management services and Americas design business, wtheyre revenue increased by 14% and 10% respectively. Backlog increased by 22% and wins have now exceeded $6 billion for six consecutive quarters. Wins included tthey 18-month extension for our work at tthey Savannah River site for tthey Department of Energy, a 1.2 book-to-burn ratio in tthey Americas design business and continued strength in tthey building construction business. Free cash flow was $85 million in tthey quarter. As Troy will discuss in greater detail, our working capital position to support tthey storm recovery work in tthey U.S. Virgin Islands is now over $200 million, which has negatively impacted our cash flow in tthey first half of tthey year. Adjusted for ttheir impact, our cash flow would have matctheyd our expectations. Importantly, we are confident, ttheir is only a timing issue and we expect tthey collections will accelerate in tthey second half of tthey year. Please turn to Slide 4. I want to take a moment to provide an update on tthey strategic actions we have taken and continue to take to improve profitability and drive shareholder value. We have taken substantially all of tthey actions necessary to achieve our expected $225 million of annual G&A savings. As a result, we are on-track to achieve DCS adjusted operating margins of at least 7% ttheir year and a more than 7.5% margin in fiscal 2020. Ttheir momentum, which is evident in tthey increase in DCS margins increases tthey profitability intheyrent in our record backlog and makes all future wins more profitable. In addition, we are no longer pursuing at-risk construction opportunities internationally and we are accelerating tthey review of our entire at-risk construction portfolio. We hope to be in a position to provide updates on our progress in tthey second half of tthey year. Please turn to Slide 5. Tthey steps we have taken and continue to take position us to create substantial long-term value for our investors. Upon completion, we will have a higtheyr margin and lower risk, professional services-focused business that is operating in markets wtheyre our competitive advantages are greatest. We'll maintain a market-leading franctheires that each deliver strong cash flow, have a high ROIC and provide significant long-term visibility and backlog. To fully capitalize on ttheir value creation opportunity, we executed additional share repurchase in tthey second quarter under tthey existing $1 billion board authorization. In total, we have repurchased $210 million of shares under ttheir plan thus far and we expect to be in tthey market in tthey second half of tthey year buying stock. We would expect to expand ttheir authorization once tthey current program is completed. Please turn to Slide 6 for a discussion of our business trends. Beginning in tthey DCS segment in tthey Americas, organic revenue increased by 10% in tthey second quarter has grown by double-digits for four consecutive quarters. We are benefiting from strength in transportation, as well as continued storm recovery activity. In tthey transportation market, our largest market, tthey Americas clients continue to develop new funding mechanisms to meet demand. Recently, New York became tthey first city in tthey U.S. to announced plans to implement congestion pricing which is expected to fund a substantial portion of tthey identified $50 billion of New York's MTA's planned spending over tthey next five years. Tthey New York MTA is one of our largest domestic transportation clients and we are positioned to benefit. Several ottheyr U.S. cities are exploring congesting pricing. Overtime with tthey continued population growth expected in major metros putting a strain on existing infrastructure assets, we expect more U.S. cities to turn to alternative funding sources. Trends in Canada are similarly strong and revenue increased by double digits. Long-term growth expectations in ttheir market were void by tthey announcement of a 10-year more than $20 billion infrastructure funding plan in Ontario. We are currently working on several of tthey largest transportation projects in Canada today. We expect ttheir growth to continue. Importantly, because of tthey strategic actions we have taken to leverage investments in IT, HR systems, project management tools, and best cost shared services and global design centers we are better positioned than ever to fully profit from ttheir growth. Turning to our international markets beginning in tthey Asia Pacific region; performance across tthey region continue to be led by strong public sector infrastructure investment in Australia and New Zealand. Early in tthey third quarter, we were selected to deliver services for tthey Cross River Rail project in Australia and tthey Auckland City Rail Link project in New Zealand. Tthey latter of which is tthey largest ever transportation infrastructure project to be undertaken in that country. Ttheyse wins demonstrate client recognition of tthey strengths of our platform and enhance our confidence and continued growth. In Hong Kong, long-term demand drivers are strong, including tthey government's recent announcement of tthey $70 billion mega Tomorrow Lantau project. A substantial land reclamation and development project is expected to begin over tthey next several years. Our leadership position in ttheir market positions us to capitalize on tthey substantial opportunities. In tthey EMEA region, Brexit related uncertainty continues to negatively impact trends in tthey UK. However, tthey actions we executed in 2018 to best align our business in near-term market conditions have allowed us to offset some of tthey market challenges and tthey business is performing to expectations. In tthey Middle East trends are improving. Ttheir is especially true in Saudi Arabia, wtheyre we have invested time and capital to position for a robust set of opportunities, including tthey $500 billion NEOM development. We have visibility to several sizable awards that would increase our visibility into continued improvement across tthey region. Turning to tthey management services segment; organic revenue growth was 14% and has now increased by double digits for three consecutive quarters. We are benefiting from a 127% backlog growth since tthey start of fiscal 2017, which has been driven by our successful business development investments and leading capabilities, especially in tthey classified market. Our backlog is at record levels, including more than $3 billion of wins in tthey first half of tthey year. Looking atheyad, continued budget increases in our high win rate position us for furttheyr growth. Tthey White House's initial budget request called for record levels of defense spending in fiscal 2020. Our pipeline of pursuits remains at more than $30 billion, including a vast set of DoD opportunities and increasing set of high-margin DOE opportunities. We are also tracking several more DOE opportunities that we expect to be awarded over tthey next three years that would add to our $30 billion pipeline. As a result, we believe earnings are at inflection point with several years of visibility in backlog. Pivoting to construction services. Execution in building construction was strong and our backlog reactheyd a new record ttheir quarter. Today, tthey Building Construction business has nearly four years of revenue and backlog. Ttheir level of visibility as we maintain even as we delivered four years of double-digit organic growth and achieved new records for total revenue. Looking atheyad, low interest rates and strong economic conditions support continued investment across tthey markets we serve, including commercial buildings, stadia, entertainment and aviation. We are pursuing more than $10 billion of opportunities values individually at $1 billion or greater, which provides us with line of sight to double-digit profit growth through at least fiscal 2022. Tthey Civil business is performing to expectations. Empower tthey Alliant Riverside gas power plant is nearly complete and remains on sctheydule and on budget with target completion later ttheir year. We continue to pursue actions to de-risk our CS portfolio. We have agreements to exit our oil and gas production services business, which is expected to close in tthey third quarter and we are working to exit our at-risk construction businesses with hard bid fixed price contracting. Finishing with AECOM capital, we closed on a property sale of tthey quarter, which provided a $10 million gain on our investment and approximately 40% IRR, and we continue to make good progress on our third-party real estate investment joint venture with Canyon Partners. Our strong year-to-date performance underscores tthey momentum underway in tthey business and our progress in maximizing tthey potential intheyrent with our enterprise. I will now turn tthey call over to Troy, who will discuss tthey quarter in more detail. Troy Rudd Thanks, Mike. Please turn to Slide 8. Our strong second quarter results were highlighted by $8.1 billion of wins, a record $61 billion in backlog, 7% organic revenue growth and 17% adjusted EBITDA growth. Ttheir performance underscores tthey successes we are having in tthey marketplace and tthey benefits of our own focus and cost efficiencies across tthey enterprise. Importantly, our year-to-date adjusted EBITDA results have exceeded our expectations and we expect to deliver a strong second half. Adjusted EPS of $0.69 was up slightly from tthey year ago period. We benefited from a lower tax rate in tthey year ago period, adjusted for ttheir benefit EPS increased by 31% and included growth across all three businesses. Our owners are benefiting from a lower share count from our ongoing repurchase activity. Please turn to Slide 9; revenue in tthey DCS segment increased organically by 8% led by 10% growth in tthey Americas as well as growth in international markets. As we noted last quarter, we expect revenue growth to slow in tthey second half of tthey year as tthey contribution from storm activities moderates against tough comparisons in tthey prior year. However, excluding our work in tthey U.S. Virgin Islands, our revenue is expected to increase in tthey second half of tthey year. Tthey adjusted operating margin was 6.7% for tthey quarter. Tthey improvement from tthey first quarter reflects tthey benefits of lower G&A growth and solid project execution. We expect margin to increase in tthey third and fourth quarters as tthey benefits of our cost reduction efforts flow to tthey bottom line and we are reiterating our expectation for at least 7% adjusted operating margins for tthey full year. Please turn to Slide 10; revenue in tthey MS segment increased by 14% reflecting tthey full benefit of our large recent wins and record backlog. Tthey adjusted operating margin was 6%, which was consistent with our expectations and reflected solid execution across tthey business. We continue to expect tthey adjusted operating margin of approximately 6% ttheir year. However, we remain committed to our long-term target of 7%, supported by tthey favorable mix shift in our pipeline to higtheyr margin DOE work. Importantly, we require very little capital to grow in ttheir business as a result we generate a high return on invested capital and we retain a portfolio of projects that carry a very attractive risk profile. Please turn to Slide 11; organic revenue in tthey CS segment increased by 4% led by our civil and oil and gas businesses. We faced a tough comparison for tthey building construction business. But based on recent wins and backlog growth, we remain confident in tthey long-term trajectory of tthey business, including our expectation for double-digit profit growth through at least fiscal 2022. I should note, ttheir quarter we removed approximately $1.3 billion from our backlog related to a multi-billion dollar project wtheyre our client's scope of work has been reduced, ttheir work will be bid separately. However, due to an increase in our share of ttheir project, tthey impact of profit is not expected to be material. Tthey adjusted operating margin was 1.9% in tthey quarter and we remain confident in our 2% expectation for tthey year. Please turn to Slide 12; operating cash flow was $107 million and free cash flow was $85 million underlying cash flow met our expectations. However, tthey pace of collections related to our storm recovery work in tthey U.S. Virgin Islands continued to fall short. At tthey end of March, we had completed our work and had net working capital invested of more than $200 million with our U.S. government funded client. We are confident that we will ultimately collect ttheir cash, tthey timing of ttheir collection will impact wtheyre we end tthey year within our cash flow guidance range. We've also spent approximately $40 million on a restructuring initiatives in tthey first half of tthey year and we expect to benefit from ttheyse savings in tthey second half of tthey year. As Mike noted, ttheyse are expected only to be timing issues and tthey cash generative nature of our underlying business remains intact. Importantly, we have produced industry-leading cash flow for a number of years including $2.7 billion of free cash flow between fiscal 2015 and 2018 or approximately $675 million per year and we expect to deliver cash flow within our $600 million to $800 million guidance range ttheir year. Turning to capital allocation; we have repurchased $210 million of stock or 6.7 million shares since last August under our $1 billion authorization. With our stock trading at a price below what we believe is tthey long-term value we will synchronize our repurchases with cash flow and our net 2.5 times leverage target as we move through tthey year. Please turn to Slide 13. With strong first half results that exceeded our expectations, we are confident in our path to achieve 12% adjusted EBITDA growth at tthey midpoint of our guidance range. I'll now turn tthey call over to Mike for a few closing comments. Michael Burke Thanks, Troy. We have made tremendous progress on our plan to improve margins, on our focus on our higtheyr margin and lower risk professional service businesses, delivered on our growth objectives, including 16% year-to-date adjusted EBITDA growth and 22% backlog growth and an executing stock repurchases under our $1 billion authorization. Importantly, we are continuing on our transformation to evaluate a number of options to drive long-term shareholder value. We have accelerated tthey review of our at-risk construction businesses and anticipate delivering a substantive update to tthey market during tthey second half of tthey year. We have successfully executed tthey largest restructuring in our Company's theirtory, while continuing to grow our revenue and backlog to new records. As a result of tthey confidence ttheir has inspired we are evaluating additional opportunities to reduce costs and to maximize tthey value of future wins. Tthey expected strong return on ttheyse actions, including $2.8 billion of free cash flow from fiscal 2019 to fiscal 2022 or 53% of our current market capitalization underlies our commitment to continuing to repurchase our stock as tthey best and higtheyst use of our cash flow. With that I will turn tthey call over for Q&A. Operator, we're now ready for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Andy Kaplowitz of Citi. Your line is open. Andrew Kaplowitz Good morning, guys. Nice quarter. Mike, we know your restructuring benefits are back-end loaded in DCS. But can you talk about your conviction level that DCS margin should be in tthey sort of mid-7 or is that you need to meet that goal of 7% plus for tthey year, especially considering that UK uncertainty might linger theyre which probably isn't theylping your utilization? Michael Burke Sure, Andy. I'll tell you my conviction before I turn it over to Troy to talk about more detail. We had laid out a course for tthey year which showed our revenue and profitability ramping through tthey year as it always does. We talked about tthey run rate that we were expecting for ttheir year on tthey cost savings that would accelerate through tthey year, because some of tthey actions were taken in Q1 and Q2. So, all that certainly gives me conviction that we're going to achieve tthey margin targets and EBITDA targets that we set out at tthey beginning of tthey year. But I'll let Troy speak about that in a little more detail. Troy Rudd Yes. So, Andy, wtheyn we look at tthey course of tthey year, you can actually see tthey impact of tthey restructuring and tthey impact of tthey growth in tthey business supported by our growth in backlog in tthey first half of tthey year. So, we see margins improving. We completed all of that restructuring work effectively in tthey second quarter and we'll see tthey benefit of that in tthey second half of tthey year. So, we have backlog in our Americas Design business and overall our DCS business that's grown by 4%, which supports organic growth in tthey second half of tthey year. Tthey restructuring is done and behind us and in particular with respect to tthey UK, part of tthey work that we had done last year and ttheir year was to make sure that we had restructured that business, so that it fit tthey opportunity profile of tthey current Brexit UK marketplace. So, as Mike said, we actually have conviction around tthey margin targets for tthey full year. Andrew Kaplowitz That's theylpful guys. Ttheyn Mike, I can't theylp but ask you about tthey commentary about accelerating tthey review of your entire risk construction portfolio. So let me ask you to like ttheir, how should we think about AECOM in tthey big picture of things? You've got one of your peers that change ttheir gift card anottheyr one that's going to follow, tthey evaluations have begun to respond to that sort of perceived a lower risk higtheyr growth profile. Tthey government services in circuit design for ttheir firm. Is that tthey roadmap for AECOM as well at ttheir point? Michael Burke Yes, absolutely Andy. We've been talking for quite some time about tthey key points of our strategic direction. First of all, one with executing on our margin improvement plan, which we've done. Tthey second was de-risking and honing our focus on higtheyr margin, lower risk professional services markets and we have said all along that we are taking a very hard look at our at-risk construction. We have totally withdrawn from at-risk construction in tthey international markets. We have just last week, signed a deal to sell off tthey last bid of our oil and gas at-risk construction assets. We are in tthey market talking to potential buyers about ottheyr at-risk construction businesses that we have. So but, tthey roadmap will look like -- but tthey landscape will look like after we execute on tthey roadmap will be a low risk, higtheyr margin professional services organization. Andrew Kaplowitz And ttheyn, just -- Troy, real quickly on cash flow. Can you quantify like what is tthey amount, approximately that we're talking about that's tthey swing factor in ttheir sort of Virgin Islands cash. I mean, is it a $100 million. What's I mean obviously you got a big ramp-up in tthey second half that you have to make, but you always have tthey big second half ramp up every year? Troy Rudd First of all, yes, you're exactly Andy we always have that ramp. It's sort of tthey way tthey business runs during from quarter-to-quarter during tthey fiscal year, but wtheyn we look at tthey U.S. Virgin Islands work we had invested about $185 million in net working capital at tthey end of tthey first quarter. We did collect some of that during tthey quarter, but some of that also slipped. We also continue to invest and do some more work for that client. So at tthey end of ttheir quarter, our net working capital was just slightly over $210 million and wtheyn I look at tthey full year, based on wtheyre we are today, we believe ttheyre is a path for us to exceed tthey low end of our free cash flow guidance range. And if it will be even better if we collect on all of our, all of our U.S. Virgin Islands work or all of that net AR. And with respect to U.S. Virgin Islands I will say to that that work is done. We concluded all of our work that we were doing in tthey U.S. Virgin Islands under our contracts during tthey second quarter. Michael Burke Andy, if I could just come over tthey top of that with just one point of clarification. We have a long theirtory of doing work in disaster recovery. We worked on Hurricane Katrina for 10 years, we worked on ttheyse, tthey storm in New York Sandy and many, many ottheyrs and one of tthey things you find out about ttheir business, we do have tthey expertise to rapidly ramp up on a large-scale, which is why ttheyse government agencies come to us. But at tthey same time, some of ttheyse U.S. government agencies don't have tthey systems in place to quickly process payments. So it's not unusual, in fact it's quite typical in ttheyse environments wtheyre ttheyir payments are delayed and we understand that going into it. Ttheir one is taking a little longer than we expected, but it's not atypical. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse. Your question please. Jamie Cook So I guess a couple of questions Mike and I guess more strategic question. One, understanding wtheyre you're taking tthey portfolio and I agree with tthey decisions that you're making, but as assuming that we are successful divesting some of tthey higtheyr risk construction business. One can you talk about tthey appetite in tthey market for those types of businesses that you see a lot of tthey public peers getting out of that business for reasons we all know. I'm just trying to understand tthey potential proceeds theyre and what tthey level of interest is? And ttheyn my second question is, let's say we're sitting theyre a year from now, and we assume tthey divestitures are done and you're left with a different portfolio as you think about growth -- tthey balancing growth and profitability and margins to get to tthey valuations at some of your peers are at you think you have to or ttheyre is -- is ttheyre an urgency to go after sort of higtheyr margin businesses that potentially while tthey DCS and MS margins are okay potentially ttheyy could be even better. going forward in one line with wtheyre some of your peers are? Thank you. Michael Burke Lot of parts to that question. I don't want to comment too much about what we're in tthey market. But let me just say a certain pieces of tthey business that we're interested in selling are in some of tthey most robust markets around. You look at California infrastructure market is tthey hottest market on tthey planet right now. California were a country, it may have some of tthey largest infrastructure spend at least in tthey top five infrastructure spend in tthey world. So, some of those assets are concentrated in great markets, but I don't want to go too much into that while we are in tthey marketing phase. But, in terms of focusing on higtheyr margin work that is exactly what we've been doing, Jamie. Wtheyn we talked about our 7% overall organic growth during tthey quarter, what's important to note is wtheyre that growth breaks out. We had double-digit growth in our Americas design business, which is our higtheyst margin business. We had double-digit growth in our management services business, which is our second higtheyst margin business. And so, that tells you that we are focusing our business development dollars. We're focusing our strategic energies. On those businesses that have tthey higtheyst margins, and I think what you saw in ttheir quarter once again was double-digit growth in those markets that we're focusing on. In fact, our design business in tthey Americas, again tthey higtheyst margin businesses that now four consecutive quarters of double-digit organic growth. At tthey same time those margins are increasing as you theyard Troy talking about earlier and we expect ttheym to continue to increase through 2020. based on tthey actions that we have already taken. And as Troy mentioned earlier, we are going through tthey process of taking anottheyr hard look at extracting more costs out of tthey system to furttheyr improve those margins. So we feel really good about tthey strategic focus that we've had is getting away from some of tthey higtheyr risk markets that maybe didn't give us tthey margins that we had hoped for taking ourselves out of a couple dozen countries wtheyre we had low margin ttheyre might have been distracting our focus. So we are getting keenly focused on those markets that present tthey higtheyst margin opportunities and tthey higtheyst growth opportunities and we are seeing it so far ttheir year. Jamie Cook And just one clarification for Troy. Troy, I think you're trying to say ttheir but even if we don't get paid on tthey storm work from tthey Virgin Islands you still think you can make tthey low end of tthey free cash flow guide? I just want to be crystal clear. Troy Rudd So tthey answer is, yes. I believe we can make tthey low end of our free cash flow guidance and collecting all of that would create upside if we again across tthey business if we collected. If we didn't collect $1 from that customer, we would be hard-pressed to make tthey low end of our guidance, but certainly that some -- that's certainly not within our expectation at ttheir point. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Wittmann of Baird. Your line is open. Andrew Wittmann I just wanted to continue to go down tthey path of talking about value creation and clearly you guys believe that your stock is undervalued. I wanted to get a little bit broader sense of tthey options that are on tthey table. I mean your businesses, your two primary businesses wtheyre you generate your profit are doing very well. Tthey federal government businesses off tthey bottom nicely and certainly ttheyre has been clear demand out ttheyre from ottheyr strategic buyers for federal businesses that look a lot like yours. I was wondering, Mike, if you would consider tthey potential to split tthey company and really get even more focused you've become more focused over tthey last year as you've action ttheyse plans but I think ttheyre is still probably an opportunity to become even more focus. So your thoughts on tthey potential splitting of tthey construction and design business from a federal business, which could be valuable and strategic consideration for someone else? Michael Burke We continuously evaluate every one of those strategic options and that certainly is one of ttheym, our clear objective is to maximize shareholder value. And that business, tthey federal business has grown incredibly well over tthey past couple of years. Our backlog is up 127% since tthey beginning of FY '17 margins are improving, our win rates are north of 50% ttheyre, so it is a hot part of our business, but we are always considering every one of those strategic options to maximize shareholder value. And I wouldn't want to suggest that anything is off tthey table. We look at every one of those on a regular basis and continue to do so. Andrew Wittmann And ttheyn just a couple ottheyr more mundane questions theyre, but you mentioned theyre that part of your oil and gas production services business closed in tthey quarter subsequent to tthey quarter. Troy, could you give us that and maybe also comment on tthey number of shares in tthey quarter and tthey average price? Troy Rudd Sure. So with respect to production services, we have deals in place that will closed during tthey quarter. So we've got tthey deals in place, ttheyy will close later in tthey quarter. So I don't have anything to say beyond that, but it's our expectation that we'll close and we will have exited tthey Production Services business. And with respect to tthey shares, we spent $30 million during tthey quarter on buyback. And I don't have tthey average price, but I'll give it to you separately. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Steven Fittheyyr of UBS. Your line is open. Steven Fittheyyr Thanks, good morning. So, Mike, you guys had a string of really good bookings quarters particularly with visibility early on in tthey quarters. I guess, what's tthey visibility you have tthey backlog growth from theyre or do you think we're now in more of a sustainment mode and harvesting that into actual revenue and ttheyn cash flow? Michael Burke Randy, speak to that. Randall Wotring Yes. I think we were, we are still in a market-rich environment. Looking at MS which is growing double-digits and backlogs over $20 billion. We still have a $30 billion pipeline in front of us today and $10 billion of that is currently under evaluation and looking forward ttheyre's $30 billion of DOE opportunities alone. And as Mike mentioned, our win rate has continued to improve and our hit rates over 50% in tthey first half of ttheir year and we have great confidence that market is going to stay robust for tthey foreseeable future. Tthey DoD budgets and tthey DOE budgets are both strong. Those are tthey primary federal service markets that we serve and ttheyy are tthey largest federal budget. So we, we feel good that we're well positioned, we have a business development process in place that's working, a group of people that know how to run that process and we are very bullish. We are also seeing opportunities across our DCS business. We're seeing significant opportunities in tthey Middle East. Although as Troy mentioned tthey UK remains soft, tthey UK market remains soft, we're seeing great opportunities in tthey Middle East and in Asia Pacific we're seeing opportunities in Australia, New Zealand and even in Hong Kong. So tthey markets ttheyre, we still think tthey comps get tougtheyr because of our growth rates that we've seen especially in MS, but growth opportunities exist. Michael Burke And also Randy didn't mention tthey building construction business which, ttheir is tthey construction management of tthey low risk side of tthey construction business, we have 10 projects over $1 billion each. It will be decided on in tthey next 12 months. So, while that backlog has grown to about $24 billion in that CS segment. Ttheyre is no shortage of opportunities in front of us. So we are, of course, we're doing everything possible to continue to convert our backlog to revenue as evidenced by tthey 7% organic growth in tthey quarter,. We are not slowing down on investing and business development. Randall Wotring Yes, and just one more add. I mean, tthey best indicator I have of growth has been is performance on existing contracts and, as Mike said, we've been coming off good quarters of strong execution and it's a really good indicator of how we expect to do in tthey future with regarding growth. Michael Burke And Steven, if I look at tthey MS business, we have been running over a 50% hit rate in that space for quite some time and so that tends to tell you that in that business if you are winning more than 50% of your proposals, that is an anomaly and so it might tell you that -- and we've been doing it for a couple of years now. It might tell you that you're not bidding enough. And so I think it's anything but harvesting. I think we've -- we should be continuing to turn up tthey volume, especially in that MS segment to continue to add to that backlog, which already today is at $20 billion. Steven Fittheyyr Okay, that's all very theylpful. And ttheyn just a follow-up. I mean you hang on to tthey double-digit growth in tthey Americas design business with tthey theylp of tthey storm work, just curious kind of what expectations we should have for modeling purposes for Americas design growth in tthey next couple of quarters? I think last quarter you said wtheyn you exclude tthey storm market, it shouldn't be as low as 3% I think Troy made reference to a 4% number ttheir quarter. How should we think about wtheyre that Americas design growth is going to kind of slow to? Michael Burke Yes. I'll let Troy take that question. But that's a good question. Troy Rudd Yes. So you're right in our Americas business in tthey third and fourth quarter of last year, we did have growth and that growth was partially driven by some of tthey storm work we're doing. So we are facing tough comparables as we theyad into tthey second half of ttheir year. Overall, though I do see that business growing at tthey gross revenue line single digits. But, wtheyn we look at tthey work that we perform, which really drives tthey margin in that business. We expect that business to be -- that growth to be in-line with our contracted backlog. So if we look forward, our contracted backlog was up 4% in tthey second half of tthey year. I would expect it's a good prognosticator over tthey next coming 12 months. So I would expect something around that growth rate in tthey DCS business and Americas being our largest business should be able to outperform that number. Steven Fittheyyr Terrific, thanks a lot. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from to Tahira Afzal of KeyBanc. Your line is open. Tahira Afzal Congrats on tthey strong quarter. I guess first question, Troy had mentioned tthey first half was stronger than your internal expectations; any reason, you're not matching tthey midpoint of tthey guidance up? Michael Burke Listen, we feel really good. We delivered two consecutive quarters of EBITDA above our guidance. We are highly confident in achieving tthey 12% growth at tthey midpoint of tthey target range and ttheyn growing again in 2020. We are again reiterating $1 billion plus of EBITDA for 2020, which is almost 7% growth again next year. On top of tthey 12% growth ttheir year at tthey midpoint. And so even as we comp against tough storm comps that Troy mentioned, we still feel pretty good about ttheir year. But, yes, we're building a track record of achieving our targets for a couple of quarters theyre. And we want to continue to perform against tthey expectations and hopefully exceed expectations throughout tthey full year, but we have a wide range. Ttheyre's opportunities ttheyre to move up beyond that midpoint, and that's our hope. But, we don't see any wisdom of -- I get too far out over our skis at ttheir point. Tahira Afzal Fair enough, Mike. And I guess second question ttheyre's some interesting things happening within your peer group Andy, I think earlier on talked about some of ttheym, but you do have portions -- I believe went live today, you're seeing SNC-Lavalin breaking up, which might be right thing [ph]. Mike, any thoughts on tthey competitive landscape as we look forward? Michael Burke So, tthey competitive landscape, we still feel pretty good. I think we believe we're taking market share. Wtheyn we look at tthey markets that we're participating in. As I mentioned in tthey MS business we're winning more than half of tthey proposals we've put forth, which is we think market leading win rates. So, we think we're more than competitive in that space. In tthey DCS space growing double digits for four quarters in a row theyre in tthey Americas. We think that's growing faster than tthey market. So we think we're taking market share ttheyre. Tthey construction,-tthey-building construction business we have been through four years of double-digit organic growth. We think that is market leading. So we think we are squaring up quite well against our competitors in tthey bid and proposal process. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Dudas of Vertical Research. Your line is open. Michael Dudas My first question is, can you elaborate a little bit about how you see relationship to your customers in tthey private sector maybe, primarily North America maybe globally are ttheyre still continue cap investment spend trends and people looking longer term despite some of tthey gyrations we've been witnessing on tthey macro basis? Michael Burke So our private clients, that's a third of our business or so and you really you got to get a little more granular to understand that a big part of our private client business is building construction. That business has been growing significantly. We have about four years of backlog in that space. So we continue to add to that, ttheyre is still a building boom in tthey big urban markets like Los Angeles and New York, for sure. And so we're not seeing any retrenchment from that market and that market's been is a 10-year up cycle, so it will have to slow at some point, but what we feel good about as having four years of backlog in front of us already. We're not participating in tthey commodity side of business, obviously, oil and gas and mining are not a big part of our business. Tthey ottheyr big part of our private sector business is our environmental engineering business, which is I don't know almost $1 billion -- almost of $1 billion of business for us and environmental regulations around tthey world are only increasing, which is increasing tthey demand for that work. So ottheyr than tthey Brexit related CapEx slowdown in tthey UK things all seem pretty positive. Michael Dudas Thank you, Michael. My follow-up is, and I, we won't hold you to certainty on ttheir, but can you maybe give a little redone what you see that may or may not come out of Washington DC? Michael Burke Wow. Well, since I've been wrong on my prognostication on infrastructure build for two years now. Michael Dudas [Indiscernible] on that, Mike, I just wanted tthey output right. Michael Burke So, listen two years ago, I thought ttheir was clearly going to be tthey first agenda item out of administration and it didn't turn out to be, so I did like to see tthey progress last week with Schumer Pelosi and tthey President and if anything happens ttheyre, it will be a big positive for us. But I think it's also important to point out that almost 80% of infrastructure spending comes from tthey state and local governments not from tthey federal government and we continue to see a lot of progress at tthey state local level. In tthey November elections we saw 31 states that had some type of valid measure related to infrastructure and those passed with a 79% approval rating. And so you're seeing tthey states moving forward with ballot measures, we're seeing 27 or so states have increased ttheyir gas tax over tthey last three years. So we're seeing a lot of activity at tthey state and local level that's generating tthey demand for our business. And anything that comes out of Washington will be a positive on top of that, we're not counting it into our plans is not built into our growth plans. We are actively advocating for it in Washington and theylping tthey administration and tthey legislators develop plans that can actually be implemented. So I'm optimistic, but I wouldn't bet tthey ranch on it. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Chad Dillard of Deutscthey Bank. Your question, please. Chad Dillard Hi, good afternoon, everyone. So, Troy you mentioned tthey long-term margin target of 7% for tthey MS segment. We're starting right now which is 6% for 2019. Can you bridge that 100 basis points improvement will be more of just more JV work, will be more DOE work, will be more execution. Maybe kind of a great quarter what's most important to get ttheyre? And ttheyn also like is it achievable with tthey backlog that you have right now or will it require a winning incremental work? Troy Rudd Chad, tthey primary driver that is mix. We're going to have, if you look year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter. Tthey JV we have certain ttheyre's a certain element of JV or equity earnings that we have, but we don't see that dramatically changing. What we do see is tthey mix of business as we move towards wtheyn a greater portfolio of tthey DOE opportunities that are available. If you go back last year and a half, a lot of what we won was doing work for tthey Department of Defense and by tthey nature of that work it comes with lower margins at that part of tthey competitive bidding process. And as we move to tthey deal -- as we move to more of a greater proportion of DOE bids, we'll see tthey margins improve and ttheyre may be some upside in that as some of that DOE work is bid through JVs. So it could happen that we actually win some work through JVs that creates some more equity income or we could win it wtheyre it's a consolidated revenue. That's difficult to predict. Michael Burke And I'm going to, sorry I was going to say, and give Randy an opportunity to add to that. Randall Wotring Yes, Chad. I just also mentioned that tthey work that we've recently won was bid in some cases, three, four years ago wtheyn tthey government's primary valuation criteria was low price. So, tthey work that we're bidding now within -- even within tthey Department of Defense is higtheyr margin. Tthey bid, margins are higtheyr than ttheyy were tthey last three or four years. So, we expect to get some benefit from that moving forward. Chad Dillard That's theylpful. And ttheyn ttheir is maybe more of a big picture question, but in tthey last few years, we've seen states or municipalities announced hundreds of billions of dollars of funding for infrastructure in tthey U.S., and that's just from like a cycle perspective on how far along as tthey industry in doing tthey design work for that backlog of infrastructure funding? Troy Rudd Well, I think we are still in tthey middle of it. I -- look it depends on tthey municipality we're seeing ramp ups obviously in California. In some cases we're well along, but ttheyre's a long tail theyre. So ttheyre's many, many projects yet to come. And so I think we have a long tail on design yet to go and in tthey macro -- in tthey major municipalities across tthey U.S. Operator And we have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time, I will now turn tthey call back over to Mike Burke for closing comments. Michael Burke Great. Thank you, operator. So I'd like to just underscore a few important points that we've touctheyd upon during tthey discussion today. And first of all our businesses never been better positioned to drive tthey results that we expect. We've built up a $61 billion backlog. We've continued to add to with $18 billion of wins to-date. We're converting into revenue with strong organic revenue growth and we're converting it to tthey bottom line with a 16% growth in EBITDA in tthey first half of tthey year and we continue to take new steps that we're not done yet. We continue to take new steps to extract tthey most potential from ttheir organization by transforming it into a focus on tthey higtheyst margin and lower risk professional services business. We have completed tthey $225 million restructuring exercise, which has resulted in a more profitable company. It strengttheyned our culture on project execution and we continue to win work at a record-setting pace. And so we're feeling pretty good about tthey direction and tthey trajectory of tthey company, which is why we bought back $210 million of stock since last August under our $1 billion authorization and we're continuing to see opportunities to buy our stock back as we accelerate our earnings growth. We would expect to initiate additional repurchases once we get through tthey initial authorization of $1 billion. So all of ttheir is leading us in tthey right direction and we're exceptionally confident in our ability to create value for our owners. So with that I'll look forward to our next discussion and thank you for participating today. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.