AECOM (NYSE:ACM) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 9, 2022 10:00 AM ET Company Representatives Troy Rudd - Chief Executive Officer Lara Poloni - President Gaurav Kapoor - Chief Financial Officer Will Gabrielski - Senior Vice President, Finance, Treasury, Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Michael Feniger - Bank of America Andy Wittmann - Baird Sabahat Khan - RBC Capital Markets Andy Kaplowitz - Citigroup Michael Dudas - Vertical Research Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Steven Fittheyyr - UBS Adam Thalthemer - Thompson Davis Operator Good morning! And welcome to tthey AECOM Second Quarter 2022 Conference Call. I would like to inform all participants, ttheir call is being recorded at tthey request of AECOM. Ttheir broadcast is tthey copyrighted property of AECOM. Any rebroadcast of ttheir information in whole or part without tthey prior written permission of AECOM is prohibited.  As a reminder, AECOM is also simulcasting ttheir presentation with tthey slides at tthey Investors section at www.aecom.com. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions].  I would like now to turn tthey call over to Will Gabrielski, Senior Vice President, Finance, Treasury, and Investor Relations. Please Will, go atheyad. Will Gabrielski Thank you, operator. I would like to direct your attention to tthey Safe Harbor statement on page one of today's presentation. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements about future business and financial expectations. Actual results may differ significantly from those projected in today's forward-looking statements due to various risks and uncertainties, including tthey risks described in our periodic reports filed with tthey SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update our Forward-Looking statements. We use certain non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation. Tthey appropriate GAAP reconciliations are incorporated into our presentation which is posted to our website. References to margins and adjusted operating margins reflect tthey performance for tthey Americas and International segments. We will refer to Net Service Revenue or NSR, which is defined as revenue excluding pass-through revenue. NSR and backlog growth rates are presented on a constant current basis unless ottheyrwise noted. Today's remarks will focus on tthey continuing operations of tthey Professional Services business, unless ottheyrwise noted.  During tthey quarter we announced our immediate exit from Russia, and we incurred a $69 million pre-tax impact, which is excluded from our adjusted earnings results. Tthey expected cash impact from our exit from Russia is approximately $10 million.  On today's call Troy Rudd, our Chief Executive Officer will begin with a review of our key accomplishments, strategy, and growth updates and our outlook. Lara Poloni, our President will discuss key operational successes and priorities going forward; and Gaur Kapoor, our Chief Financial Officer will review our financial performance and outlook in greater detail. We will conclude with a question-and-answer session.  With that, I will turn tthey call over to Troy. Troy? Troy Rudd  Thank you, Will, and thank you all for joining us today. I would like to begin by expressing my deep appreciation to our professions for ttheyir focus and commitment to ttheyir work and ttheyir clients. At AECOM we are inspired by shared purposes delivering a better world and prepared for tthey huge opportunity atheyad of us as tthey world embarks on tthey long-term transformation of our infrastructure.  I’d also like to expand on tthey decision we made during tthey quarter to immediately exit our operations in Russia. We are saddened by Russia's ongoing invasion of Ukraine. Ttheir action is inconsistent with our values. As a result we accelerated our immediate exit from ttheir market in February. While seizing operations, our priority was providing our colleagues with support during ttheir transition, which includes an emphasis on safety, security and well-being of our team.  I want to thank our AECOM teams and ttheyir families in Romania and Poland for ttheyir tireless efforts to aid tthey families leaving tthey Ukraine as a result of tthey invasion and all of our professionals for providing support for ttheyse humanitarian efforts. Turning to our results. We delivered strong results on every key metric in tthey second quarter. In tthey design business, NSR increased by 5% despite high levels of Omicron related absenteeism in January and February that have since subsided. Importantly, tthey U.S. Government passed its fiscal 2022 Omnibus Budget in March, which creates optimism around tthey pace of growth for our government clients in tthey U.S. in tthey second half of ttheir year and fiscal 2023.  We also delivered a record second quarter margin of 13.8%, which remains at tthey top of our peer group. Our margins reflect tthey value we bring to our clients, as well as tthey positive contribution of our digital, advisory and program management capabilities. Against tthey backdrop of rising inflation, we are consistently delivering strong profitability, which is a direct representation and tthey intheyrent attributes of our professional services business model and tthey embedded inflation protections built into our contracts.  Importantly, our growth and strong margins are translating to tthey bottom line. For tthey quarter, adjusted EBITDA increased by 10% and adjusted EPS increased by 24%. Across tthey business our end markets are strengttheyning and a win rate remains at an all-time high. Our book-to-burn ratio was 1.6 and was highlighted by strength across tthey entire business.  Contracted backlog, one of tthey best leading indicators for our future growth increased by 20% and tthey total backlog increased by 4%. We are realizing tthey benefits of our Think and Act Globally strategy, which emphasizes collaboration and focuses our time and capital on tthey higtheyst returning opportunities.  I'm also pleased to report that our free cash flow in tthey first half of tthey year was one of tthey higtheyst in our theirtory. We returned nearly $300 million to shareholders through tthey first half of tthey year, which was atheyad of our normal cadence, and is an accelerant to value creation.  I'm proud of our performance and what our professionals have accomplittheyyd over tthey past two years. Today, we are a highly agile professional services firm with market leading franctheires and a very well defined and focused strategy. We're allocating resources to our largest, fastest growing and most profitable geographies and market sectors. And we're expanding tthey addressable market and enhancing our client value proposition by investing in high value digital, advisory and program management services.  We had rising inflation, tthey lingering impacts of tthey pandemic, supply chain distributions, war or integrated ESG into client investment decisions and planning, tthey pace of change is accelerating. Against ttheir backdrop of rising macro risk and geopolitical uncertainty, tthey intheyrent advantages of our business are driving consistently strong performance.  Please turn to tthey next slide for a discussion of tthey trends across our markets. In tthey U.S. tthey outlook for tthey next several years is strong as it's ever been. State and local clients have record levels of funding and are set additionally to benefit from tthey IIJA funds. Our U.S. federal clients are also prioritizing investments in areas wtheyre we excel, including environment, sustainability and resilience. As a result, we expect a strong level of federal task activity in tthey second half of tthey year and a growth to persist in to 2023 and beyond.  In addition, PFAS investments are accelerating and our leadership in assessment and destruction are leading to substantial growth opportunities. In fact, tthey U.S. powered our groundbreaking PFAS destruction technology, DeFluoro, is now well underway and we're advancing our plans to commercialize ttheir proprietary technology at scale to meet a multi-billion dollar demand opportunities.  Internationally markets are also strong. In tthey U.K. revenue continues to increase and ttheyre are several tailwinds for our business, including growing investments in rail and transportation, markets wtheyre we lead. In addition, tthey U.K. government's leveling up strategy, which includes key prosperity and equity focused initiatives that touch on all elements of infrastructure are creating opportunities for AECOM.  In tthey Middle East, investments trade modern ESG focused cities such as NEOM and AIUla are drawing on all of our expertise, and are creating several years and visibility. In Australia, our revenue and backlog increased and tthey outlook for growth across our market remains strong. At tthey same time we are managing through ongoing COVID related shutdowns in China. Ttheyre as we always do, we are remaining agile and don’t expect ttheyse impacts to be material.  Please turn to tthey next slide. Across tthey business we have both tthey platform that positions our professionals to innovate and deliver on three mega trends that will define tthey next several decades of investment. Ttheyse are a global infrastructure investment of renaissance, ESG investment and tthey adaptation of infrastructure to a post-COVID world.  I'd like to discuss a few examples that bring to life how AECOM is capitalizing on ttheyse opportunities. First, we're leveraging our strengths as ESG leaders to capitalize on growing demand from our clients to decarbonize and advance sustainability initiatives. Most recently we were awarded a contract for a top tier cruise operator through ttheyse emissions at tthey cruise terminals, which alone account for a large portion of tthey total emissions footprint and are critical to achieving of ttheyir Emissions Reductions plans.  We were also awarded a contract for one of tthey Largest Mine Remediation Projects ever in Canada. As ttheyse wins evidence, tthey capabilities of our nearly 50,000 industry leading experts are creating competitive advantages in tthey marketplace and positioning us for strong growth.  Second, our advisory and program management business continue to create opportunities for high value, long duration contracts for longstanding clients. Ttheir was highlighted by our selection in tthey quarter for tthey Airside Master Plan at tthey Dallas Fort-Worth International Airport. We’ve delivered nearly $1 billion of work for ttheir client over tthey past decade and are pleased to see our success translate into furttheyr growth opportunities.  Finally, our scale, experience and global execution capabilities are leading to success on complex mission critical programs. Ttheir was apparent on our successful take away win from a competitor of tthey Atlantic region, Navy’s NAVFAC CLEAN Environmental Action Program. We brought tthey capabilities our whole company to bear to distinguish AECOM from tthey incumbent.  Our compretheynsive proposal, which also embedded our industry lead PFAS capabilities was a critical determinant of our success and a great representation of tthey power of our organization wtheyn we think and act globally.  In closing, our business and brands are built on nearly 50,000 of tthey best professionals in our industry. Despite tthey numerous theyadwinds impacting various parts of tthey economy, we continue to deliver for clients and a great value for stakeholders. As a result, I am as confident as ever that our strategy, focus and discipline will allow us to continue to succeed into tthey future and capitalize on tthey opportunities atheyad.  With that, I will turn tthey call over to Lara.  Lara Poloni Thanks, Troy. Please turn to tthey next slide. Tthey strength of our professionals is at tthey theyart of our success. Our leading position in numerous key end markets was reaffirmed last month wtheyn we were again ranked by ENR as tthey No. 1 Transportation and Facility Design Firm and we continue to hold top rankings in several key growth markets, including environment, green design and water.  Of note, our leadership in tthey transportation sector positions us at tthey top of tthey market fit to benefit tthey most from increased funding. In fact, some of tthey most immediate and largest priorities within tthey IIJA will leverage our number one position in tthey transportation sector, be it our leadership in a highly technical and critical discipline like tunneling or our ability to invade ESG and digital solutions in transportation design and program management.  To ttheir point, we are taking key steps to focus our time and resources on aligning our strategy and competitive positioning to capitalize. First, we are investing in our ESG advisory practice to make searching demand to reduce clients’ greenhouse gas emissions and improve social outcomes. Infrastructure accounts for up to 50% of all emissions globally and more than 1,500 companies have set ttheyir own net zero commitments, creating a large need in tthey marketplace.  By positioning with our clients early in ttheyir planning with our advisory services, we are forging key partnerships to theylp shape our client plans and manage ttheyse programs through execution. A great example of ttheir is our work for Network Rail in tthey U.K. We engage through our advisory practice to develop and execute a strategic review, analysis and drafting of a plan to achieve net zero and sustainability objectives.  From ttheir initial scope, we expanded our role multiple times over. We’ve demonstrate tthey importance of our advisory practice in creating meaningful and lasting relationships with key clients. Ttheir is just one example of tthey growth opportunities in tthey U.K. Rail Sector.  Second, we are constantly challenging ourselves to push tthey pace of innovation. For instance, we recently developed and unveiled a proprietary IIJA specific digital tool as part of our digital AECOM offering. Ttheir tool was built organically by our experts in response to urgent demand from clients to best position ttheyir projects for IIJA funding.  Our teams leveraged our existing clients’ band platform and building geospatial Machine Learning and ottheyr AI capabilities to theylp clients navigate tthey complexities of tthey competitive grant process for IIJA funding. Client feedback and demand have been overwtheylmingly positive.  We also recently rolled out our Program Management Delivery System and Toolkit, bringing togettheyr digital tools and technical capabilities to create a repeatable AECOM way for delivering world class program management services. Ttheir is a critical element to our growth ambitions and will provide both a delivery benefit to AECOM, while also reinforcing our value proposition for clients.  In addition, we recently entered into a partnership with Microsoft to leverage its leading cloud technology and furttheyr enhance our PlanEngage offering. PlanEngage is now being promoted by Microsoft, creating anottheyr channel from which we can deliver our innovation to tthey marketplace.  Finally, we are prioritizing recruiting and career development initiatives to best position AECOM to win. Our theyadcount increased in tthey second quarter and we have an incredible platform on which careers can be built, ttheyse skills can be learned and innovation can flourish. To expand our advantage, we are investing in new career and leadership development, to expand avenues of advancement for our professional and we are also focused on increasing tthey diversity of our workforce.  Diversity is an asset, especially wtheyn addressing complex challenges on a global scale. As a result, we are expanding focused campus recruiting efforts and implemented regional diversity targets to ensure we are building tthey strongest and most diverse workforce. With all of ttheyse initiatives well underway and producing results, we are confident that AECOM will lead tthey way of long term funding growth coming to our industry.  With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Gaurav.  Gaurav Kapoor  Thanks Lara. Please turn to tthey next slide. Our second quarter performance reflects tthey benefits of our disciplined growth strategy, tthey commitment of our highly talented professionals and tthey strengttheyning trends across our largest and most profitable markets. Despite an elevated level of global uncertainty, we have delivered five consecutive quarters of NSR growth, continue to expand profitability and delivered anottheyr quarter of double digit adjusted EBITDA and EPS growth.  While inflation is a theyadwind to many industries, tthey intheyrent attributes of our business model and contractual structures create a natural theydge against rising costs and allows us to maintain strong performance through varied environments. Ttheyse advantages have resulted in strong cash flow and we returned nearly $300 million to investors in tthey first half of tthey year.  In total, we have repurchased nearly 15% of our shares outstanding since September 2020 and we are committed to deploying our consistently strong cash flow to accelerate shareholder value creation through ongoing stock repurchases and dividend payments. Our backlog and strong wins underpin our confidence in delivering on our financial commitments ttheir year and on our 2024 financial goals. Please turn to tthey next slide.  Our performance in tthey America's was highlighted by 4% NSR growth in tthey design business and a 1.6 book-to-burn across tthey segments. Contracted backlog increased by 24%, which supports our expectations for accelerating NSR growth. We saw an acceleration of growth in March and with tthey passage of U.S. Federal Budget for 2022, we are confident in our growth expectations.  We continue to expect IIJA funding to accelerate into fiscal 2023 and beyond, which will furttheyr benefit our industry leading franctheires. With respect to profitability, margins expanded 50 basis points from tthey prior year to 17.7%, which reflects growth in higtheyr margin areas, including advisory and program management. Please turn to tthey next slide.  We delivered anottheyr quarter of strong growth and profitability across tthey international business. NSR increased by 6%, led by growth in tthey U.K. and Middle East. We also had anottheyr incredibly strong quarters win with book-to-burn of 1.5 and double digit backlog growths. Our wins are concentrated in our largest and most profitable markets, reflecting our leadership in growing transportation, water, ESG and program management disciplines.  Margin expanded to 8.3%, up 100 basis points from tthey prior year. Ttheir was tthey seventh consecutive quarter of sequential margin improvement. We remain committed to achieving a double-digit margin in ttheir business and are pleased with our progress against ttheir goal quarter-after-quarter. Please turn to tthey next slide.  Turning to cash flow, liquidity and capital allocation, we delivered strong cash performance in tthey first half of tthey year with operating cash flow of $193 million and free cash flow of $145 million. Ttheir compares to a free cash outflow of $11 million in tthey comparable period last year. Ttheir improved phasing is consistent with our focus on delivering more balanced cash flow throughout tthey year.  Our strong cash performance enabled us to accelerate our capital allocation strategy. Through April we have repurchased more than 260 million of stock ttheir fiscal year, and we have made two dividend payments under our recently establittheyyd quarterly dividend program. As a reminder, we remain committed to growing our dividend per share by a double-digit percentage annually going forward. Please turn to tthey next slide.  Turning to our financial outlook, we have reaffirmed all of our financial guidance metrics for fiscal 2022 and our long term financial targets. For fiscal 2022 we continue to expect to deliver adjusted EBITDA in tthey range of $880 million to $920 million. At tthey midpoint ttheir would reflect 8% growth and are supported by our expectation to deliver approximately 6% organic NSR growth and at least 14.1% segment adjusted operating margin.  We also continue to expect adjusted EPS for tthey year of between $3.30 to $3.50 or a 21% growth at tthey midpoint. Per share value creation enabled by accelerating NSR growth, expansion of our industry leading margins, strong free cash flow conversion and disciplined capital allocations remain our top priority. As a reminder, our adjusted EPS guidance only incorporates tthey benefit of already completed share repurchases, though we expect to continue to buy stock as part of our capital allocation program.  We also reconfirmed our free cash flow guidance for tthey year of between $450 million and $650 million. As we look atheyad towards our fiscal 2024 target, our strong progress to-date and strengttheyning end market support our expectation for an at least 19% adjusted EPS CAGR from fiscal 2021 to 2024. Built on expectations, we’re accelerating NSR growth, a segment adjusted operating margin of at least 15% in 2024 and continued return focused capital allocation supporting a greater than 15% ROIC.  With that operator, we are ready for questions.  Question-and-Answer Session  Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And tthey first question comes from a line of Michael Feniger from Bank of America. Please Michael, your line is now open.  Michael Feniger Hi! Yes, thanks guys. Thanks for taking my call. Just to what you’re referring to on tthey free cash though I'm curious, you reaffirmed your full year 2022 outlook, even you're 2024 target. So it sounds like you have that visibility into growth. You know in Q1 you repurchased $200 million worth of shares. I think ttheir quarter is only $80 million. So just with balancing out tthey dividend strategy, some of ttheyse internal investments and your outlook, is repurchasing still really part of that capital allocation priority list?  Troy Rudd  Yeah Michael, its Troy. Thanks for tthey question. Tthey simple answer to your question is, yes. But remember what we said at tthey beginning of tthey year is that we were going to match our purchases with cash flow during tthey period, and so we feel like we're a little bit atheyad of wtheyre we intended on being, because we had stronger cash flow in tthey beginning of tthey year. But it is clearly our intent to continue to return capital to shareholders through repurchase and through our quarterly dividend, so nothing has changed.  Michael Feniger Fair enough, and wtheyn you think about out of 2024 Troy, I mean how does your portfolio kind of start to shift by that. I mean do you see, some of your more cyclical areas if you even, if you called that tthey construction management. Will not be slowing down by ttheyn and tthey contributions from areas like environmental and water be a higtheyr portion of your portfolio? Could tthey public customer be a bigger part of tthey pie ttheyre? Anything you kind of see around those verticals as we kind of move through tthey second half of 2022, but really into 2023 and 2024.  Troy Rudd  Okay. Yeah, first let me just start at a high level and we think that our future is actually dominated by some pretty strong macroeconomic trends or cycles, and first we mention that as ttheyre is clearly a long term investment in infrastructure that’s been made. And so you know it’s – and we’re exposed to it in all of our businesses, and wtheyttheyr that's construction management or water or environment, but certainly transportation. So we are theyavily exposed to what we see is a really good long term trend.  And in addition to that, ttheyre are some ottheyr long term mega trends. One is just that tthey investment in ESG and for us what that means is, tthey world is valuing infrastructure and it's doing a little bit differently than it has in tthey past. And so you have to be prepared to adjust tthey out quarter or tthey obligations that we have restructured to focus on some environmental and social objectives.  And ttheyn tthey third thing is clearly ttheyre is a repositioning of investment infrastructure around tthey world as a result of what we see in tthey supply chain. And so it’s those three trends that give us good long term visibility, and again, everything is sort of lining up that way. If you look, again simply in tthey United Sates while we have had tthey IIJA, we actually didn’t have a budget that authorized funds. Now ttheyre is a budget in place that’s authorizing tthey funds and it will support a very strong state and local budget.  So again, wtheyn I look across tthey business, as a long winded way of saying, I think all of tthey businesses that we’re in today and around tthey world are enclosed in some really good looking long term trends and we see ourselves positioned to take advantage of it as we continue to progress forward.  Ttheyre are – I’m going to add one more thing to it. Obviously ttheyre is a discussion of a possible slowdown or a recession, but again, it’s not something we certainly ever hope for, but you always have to be prepared for it, and I think we’ve shown in our business through tthey last years that we’re agile and we have tthey ability to react, but also ttheyre are some really good intheyrent attributes in our business and that gets to ttheyse large investor megatrends and high quality clients that we have, tthey significant long term backlog that we have, and it's also important that we have an asset light business. I mean we don't have to continue to invest theyavily to fund growth unlike some ottheyr industries.  Michael, it was sort of a long answer to your question. Hopefully it’s theylpful.  Michael Feniger Yeah, that was Troy. I guess just a follow up, just to round out tthey discussion, you know your construction management part of your portfolio, I think ttheyre is a perception that that is viewed as more cyclical than maybe some of tthey ottheyr areas. I'm just curious if you can kind of comment a little bit more specifically about that area, how big of it is it for your operating profit, and you know how cyclical do you see that in tthey face of ttheir type of slow down. Thanks team! Troy Rudd Okay, sure. So first of all, tthey construction management business represents about maybe say 9% to 10% of our overall business. But even today with you know again commodity inflation and wage inflation, we're seeing tthey business grow its backlog and we are seeing tthey pipeline continued to expand. And I think that gets to tthey fact that tthey portfolio in that business is diversifying.  So we're having great success in aviation, which again ttheyre is a long term trend for an investment in aviation infrastructure. We're seeing significant wins and opportunities in convention centers or you know large meeting places. That as a result of coming out of COVID, ttheyre is a demand for places to be togettheyr in large cities and ttheyre seems to be a lot of competition to invest in that.  We still think strength in commercial and residential real estate, but to be fair, if you theyad into a recession, it is one place you would see a slowdown. And ttheyn we are having success in sports in that business and those are really tthey three things that drive tthey success of that business. But again, at tthey moment we would think that we might see a slow down because of inflation, but we're not, and that's evidenced in our growing backlog and our growing pipeline.  Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Sean Eastman from KeyBanc. Please Sean, your line is now open.  Unidentified Analyst Hi! Ttheir is Dallas [ph] on for Sean ttheir morning. Thanks for taking our questions.  Troy Rudd Of course.  Unidentified Analyst So first, just taking a look at tthey impact segment level margin guide, it implies that tthey year-over-year margin expansion trend kind of flattened out in tthey second half of tthey year compared to what we’ve seen over tthey past two years. I just want to get your thoughts on why ttheir would make sense, is it seasonality or sub-comp or if ttheyre's just general conservatism baked into ttheir given tthey economic uncertainty ttheir year?  A - Troy Rudd Yeah, I’m going to let Gaurav answer – take that question. Gaurav Kapoor Hey Alex! Thanks for tthey question. So one thing I would say is, you're right. Our first half margins have been very strong and consistent with tthey plan. In fact, if you look at our international business, it's a little bit atheyad of plan, and that gives us so much confidence going into tthey second half wtheyre we typically see a little bit of seasonality.  Wtheyre we sit today, we could not be happier wtheyre our margins are, and not because we lead our industry in that category. But if you look at what's happened in tthey first half, comparing to some of our peers, wtheyre ttheyy have seen margin contraction, our teams, our professionals continue to deliver year-after-year, quarter-after-quarter of margin growth consistent and atheyad of expectations, and ttheir was while we're making significant investment in tthey business. In tthey various opportunities we have, ‘22 is one of tthey biggest investment years we've had it AECOM over a long period of time. So irregardless of what tthey macroeconomic theyadwind may be, you know let it be inflation or anottheyr variant or geopolitical issues, logistical issues as Troy articulated earlier, we continue to deliver on margin targets, and that's why not only are we very confident in our 2022 target of 14.1% plus, but 2024 targets of 15% plus and our long term ambition of 17% that we feel very confident as time passes by, because of how our teams are delivering and leading tthey industry.  Unidentified Analyst Thanks. That was very theylpful. And secondly, does tthey momentum we've seen in tthey backlog reflect any tailwinds from tthey IIJA yet? And if not, do you have any updated thoughts on wtheyn you think incremental funding will start to be visible in tthey bookings? A - Troy Rudd Sure. Tthey answer is, we have seen some impact, but it is not material at ttheir point. What we are seeing is a lot of work going on with our clients to position for IIJA funding, and that really means it's not just working with federal clients, but working with state and local clients as ttheyy work through that, so. At a high level what we would expect is, a lot of activity with our client positioning for that funding, followed by a very strong award season in tthey second half of ttheir year and theyading into ’23, and ttheyn we would expect to see tthey impact of those awards, impact our business in ‘23 and beyond and for a long period of time.  Unidentified Analyst Thank you.  Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Andy Wittmann from Baird. Please Andy, your line is now open. Andy Wittmann Thank you, and good morning. I just had a question on tthey comments about absenteeism impact to tthey quarter Troy. Could you or Gaurav, eittheyr one of you, could you just talk about how much of an impact that was and against expectations for accelerating growth through tthey year, you know ttheir quarter in tthey first half year of tthey year. Obviously not your seasonally strongest quarter, but not seeing a lot of inflection yet, so maybe Gaurav if you could decompose a little bit about that what tthey differences between tthey relative growth rates in construction management versus tthey underlying Americas design business would be theylpful, and us understanding and assessing tthey net service revenue growth in tthey quarter.  Gaurav Kapoor Yeah, absolutely Andy. Two parts to tthey question. I'll take your first part as to what would tthey impact of tthey omicron variant – and Andy, I’d like to start by saying, you know consistent with tthey question Alex had, irregardless of tthey macroeconomic theyadwinds that comes through, one thing we're very proud of is our teams are nimble irregardless of what it is to continue to deliver to our target and not using anything as an excuse, and a lot of it is by design, right. We have an enterprise today that takes advantage of our scale.  So if ttheyre is labor pressures or varying pressures in a particular region, we're going to use our ECC to drive growth and we're going to utilize our skilled in-program management and advisory services to continue to deliver on tthey growth expectations. But if you were to just isolate omicron, which again we’re not using that as an excuse, we've beaten on every single metric, it had approximately I would say 100 basis points of impact in tthey current quarter. And second part of your question, you know tthey real NSR growth quarter-over-quarter, if you look at our design business, our design business delivered 5% compared to 4% last quarter.  Our construction management business had a negative growth, it was minus 3% – 4% in tthey quarter, which was expected. If you would recall specifically in tthey second quarter of last year, ttheyre was a lot of pent up demand for COVID related work as lot of people were coming back to work. So that came through in tthey second quarter of last year. Going forward we expect construction management business to be positive on back of tthey significant backlog wins we've had and continued pipeline expansion.  Andy Wittmann Great! Thank you very much.  Troy Rudd Thanks Andy.  Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Sabahat Khan from RBC Capital Markets. Please Sabahat, your line is now open.  Sabahat Khan Great! Thanks and good morning. Just I guess a question on tthey international segment and particularly tthey Europe side, and on tthey U.S. tthey IIJA is expected to be lift to infrastructure spend over tthey next few years. But I guess, how are you thinking about tthey European green deal or tthey UK leveling up agenda that you talked about. Now is that – over tthey – through to your 2024 plan, is that expected to be a material, of course ttheyre’s run rate spend or you know is that just replacing maybe some of tthey old spend? How are you baking that into your –through your outlook? Troy Rudd So, it's Troy. Look, I assume we’d have – I would describe it as we have that baked into our long term outlook. You know we have seen a significant investment in Europe and outside of tthey United States and infrastructure for a long period of time, and ttheyse again, ttheyse are just tthey plans in place like leveling up. That will continue to provide investment in transportation infrastructure, in particular for rail wtheyre we’re very strong. So I wouldn't call ttheir out as being something incremental, but we think about ttheir as ttheyse are tthey long term programs that provide us great long term visibility and tthey opportunity to grow tthey business.  Sabahat Khan Okay, great. And ttheyn I guess just within tthey – I guess tthey IIJA outlook and I think you're indicating that probably more that will start to come through in 2023. You know I guess, can you maybe talk about wtheyre tthey discussions are right now? Is tthey – you know we theyard some of tthey money that’s not been allocated, but it’s been, you know starting to be discussed. Can you talk about how you are talking to investors or your clients about it right now? What stage of planning ttheyy are at and you know which areas do you think tthey first kind of legal spending probably comes through, even if it is in 2023, kind of which end markets are you probably expecting to see tthey initial benefits? A - Troy Rudd Sure. So I'm going to answer that in reverse order. First of all, we really see tthey opportunity across all of our end markets theyre in tthey United States or all of our business lines in tthey U.S. Clearly everyone is talking about tthey money that's coming into transportation. Ttheyre's also significant money being invested ttheyre we will see in our water business, and ttheyn as a result of those projects, ttheyy also include tthey capabilities that are in our B&P business. And ttheyn a part of all that, wtheyttheyr it's tthey terminating part of tthey process or its money that’s in tthey IIJA that’s going to go to remediation or curing tthey environment, ttheyre's a huge opportunity for that. And I've already made mention of our, you know our PFAS technology. We think that with tthey funding and some long term regulatory changes that we expect in tthey U.S. from tthey EPA, that that also provides a significant long term benefit to tthey business. So again, it’s very broad based for us, our participation in it.  But in terms of tthey client dialogue, ttheyre are a lot of clients that have built ttheyir long terms plans and ambitions about how ttheyy are going to invest in infrastructure and those conversations have been going on for a long time. Right now tthey conversations are working to fill in tthey funding gap, tthey expectation and part of that money comes through tthey federal government and through ttheir budget, and so that dialogue is going on to provide that additional incremental funding, so that those budgets can be rounded out and ttheyy begin tthey projects.  But also, ttheyre is a lot of new money that’s coming to tthey market wtheyre our – you know again, ttheyse are new programs and new processes and so we’re spending a lot of time actually having conversations with our customers about how ttheyy access that money and that was even one of tthey important things we did during tthey quarter, was we actually built a tool to make ourselves a little bit more user friendly and expedite that process with clients, and we talked about our IIJA too; Lara did in our prepared remarks.  And so that's an important tool that allows those conversations to pick up momentum, and along with our professionals allows our clients to sort of how ttheyy quickly access that money to accelerate ttheyir programs, but again as I said, we don't see that having a significant impact on our business until we get to 2023 in terms of generating revenue.  Sabahat Khan Okay. If I could just squeeze in one more just quickly on tthey – just tthey international segment, you know I guess FX is being talked about as a bit of a theyadwind. Can you maybe talk about how that affected tthey quarter and ttheyn just maybe how you're thinking about it for tthey rest of tthey year? Obviously you reiterated guidance, but just thinking how you’re taking into account tthey FX theyadwind maybe?  A - Troy Rudd Yeah, I’ll let Gaurav take that one. Gaurav Kapoor Hey Sabahat! Thanks for that question. It is built into our guidance that we have reconfirmed. So any little positives or negatives as I've said before, you know we're not going to make an exception for it. Our focus is to deliver on tthey results and commitments that we have made, which we're doing for tthey first half and have full power [ph] to do in tthey second half of tthey year.  Sabahat Khan Thank you.  Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup. Please Andy, your line is now open.  Andy Kaplowitz Good morning everyone!  A - Troy Rudd Good morning!  Andy Kaplowitz Troy, you mentioned that embedded inflation protection you have in your contracts. Maybe if you could give us a little more color around that, and given all tthey demand that it seems like you're seeing how can or are you adjusting you’re pricing of your contracts to adjust for inflation? A - Troy Rudd Sure. I'm going to answer that in two parts. I guess first of all, in terms of our business, we have mechanisms that are already embedded in our clients, which give us tthey ability to pass along tthey costs for ttheym, and that represents a significant portion of our contract. And tthey second thing is, is that we have – you know we do have fixed price work, and sometimes it has escalations in it, but if ttheyy are not significant enough to reflect that, ttheyn you sometimes have a short turnover. So you know as ttheyy turn over, we just adjust tthey pricing, and so tthey market accepts those adjustments in additional labor costs.  But really tthey proof theyre is in tthey pudding. Tthey fact is that it's not affecting our business, because you see our margins continuing to improve, and typically if we couldn't pass inflation costs along to our customers, given that labor is tthey largest component of tthey cost in our business, ttheyre will be proof that in fact that we're not able to do that. But because our margins are increasing, and at tthey same time we're investing to grow tthey business through those margins, we're able to prove in fact that is true.  But tthey second answer to tthey question is you know our customers also have tthey experience of inflation in ttheyir costs, and at tthey moment what we're not seeing is we're not seeing that influence eittheyr in government or in our private customer base. Ttheyir investment decisions and part of it I guess is tthey fact that even though ttheyre has been inflation, tthey revenue side of tthey equation for ttheym wtheyn ttheyy look at tthey long term, has actually improved beyond tthey additional cost. Now I don't know if that's going to hold true for a long period of time. But today that holds true and that's why we still see our pipeline growing, even in ttheir highly inflationary environment.  Andy Kaplowitz So in regard, can I ask a quick follow-up to that. Just in terms of Q2, if you look at tthey Americas, tthey margins were flattish sequentially. Did you up your investment costs or is it costing more to hire new people or train new people wtheyn you look at tthey Americas business? Gaurav Kapoor Yeah, no a good question Andy. If you recall, wtheyn we put tthey plan forth at tthey beginning of ttheir year, our margins included significant investment in practically every single business of ours and our people, and as you see, you know our utilization is very consistent with our plan, and we’re marching along exactly wtheyre we thought we were in Americas.  Andy Kaplowitz Okay, thanks for that Gaurav. And ttheyn Troy, I know you're sticking with your guidance of 6% NSR growth for tthey year, but what would hold your growth back from starting to rise significantly toward your contracted backlog growth. You know I think in America you said 24% up. Usually tthey funding needs to be in place, but it’s increased. You know is it because ttheir contracted backlog mostly is for ‘23 or should you now start to really see tthey uptake in your NSR revenue? Gaurav Kapoor Yeah. Well, I think we've already seen tthey uptick in our NSR revenue for tthey – again, so its slowly building for tthey last five quarters. But again we don't everyone – I never want to leave anyone tthey impression that all of a sudden we’re going to be growing at 24% along tthey lines of tthey contracted backlog. Tthey fact of tthey matter is, is wtheyn you grow your backlog significantly like that, it's usually large chunky programs that have a longer life.  So what ttheir means is, we believe we're still going to grow around that same rate, but what we do is, we believe that ttheir gives us much more visibility into tthey future and certainty to achieve a net outcome and which again, as we look longer term, with tthey additional funding coming into tthey market and as a result of tthey budget authorizations during tthey IIJA, we see that as we look forward ttheyre should be some more opportunities to grow.  But as we said in tthey past, ttheyre is a limiting factor. Tthey limiting factor is capacity for us in our industry and that's why we've been investing in our people, adding that theyadcount during tthey quarter. We are investing in our capability centers to create capacity for tthey future and again, we're also focusing on making digital investments to think, to change tthey way we can deliver things to create capacity. So while we're investing deliberately and winning our winnings, we are also deliberately investing to increase tthey capacity of tthey business for tthey future.  Andy Kaplowitz Appreciate all tthey color.  Troy Rudd Yeah, thanks Andy.  Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of my Michael Dudas from Vertical Research. Please Michael your line is now open.  Michael Dudas Good morning, gentlemen and Lara!  Lara Poloni Good morning! Troy Rudd Good morning!  Michael Dudas Troy, you guys generated a pretty theyalthy book-to-bill, book-to-burn ratios of ttheir quarter. Maybe you can touch a little bit about like wtheyre ttheyre's certain areas, certain end markets, international, domestic that impacted that. And how is your program management business aiding that trend and certainly I think you know going forward on a mixed basis with margin, upward margin pressure because of tthey mix of your business improving on such those good orders have come in.  Troy Rudd  So Mike, we are – we received success across tthey business, success across international markets and we are also seeing it theyre domestically in tthey U.S., but we are also seeing ttheir as a trend. We have – again, we said 1.6x ttheir quarter book-to-burn globally. It was about tthey same internationally as it was in tthey U.S., a little higtheyr in tthey U.S., but if you recall last quarter our book-to-burn in our Americas business was 1.4x. And so again, we're seeing ttheir – I would characterize it as a trend and it is across tthey entire business.  And I think fairly, you're right to ask tthey question and point out that program management is an important part of that. Our program management business in tthey first half of ttheir year has had very strong double digit growth. We're winning ttheyse big projects that we think are important to us, at a very high win rate in what we’ve defined as being important to win, and we're seeing again backlog growth higtheyr than tthey average in our program management business as well. So it is a significant contributor to tthey business across tthey world.  Michael Dudas And my follow up is, maybe for Gaur, I think in your prepared remarks you talked – you’ve consistently talked about investing in tthey business and still generation very good margins and margin outlook. Did you indicate that maybe, ttheir as you put out ttheir plan though ’24 was ttheir tthey, I want say [inaudible] tthey strongest year of ttheir year of ttheir type of investment, is it going to be at tthey similar levels as we look forward or because tthey markets are changing, opportunities change, that type of investment will continue into ’23?  Gaurav Kapoor  Yeah Mike, we will always be focused on investing in tthey business and keeping our eye to tthey future, and that's because we have a lot of confidence in what we're delivering and tthey commitments that we have made today for fiscal year ’22, including our 2024 plans. And that's wtheyre you've theyard say before, we're not going to be penny wise and pound foolish.  We're not just satisfied with delivery 14.1 end of ttheir year, we're not just satisfied delivery 15% plus by 2024. Our focus is to transform ttheir industry, wtheyre we're going to be delivering 17-plus margins in tthey long terms and we're putting those building blocks togettheyr by investing in tthey business, in tthey enterprise and most importantly, in our people to do that.  Michael Dudas Great! Okay, thank you. Thanks gentlemen!  Troy Rudd Thanks Mike! Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Please Jamie, your line is now open.  Jamie Cook  Hey! Good morning and nice quarter. I guess just one follow-up question given its way, you know your earnings in tthey first half of tthey year would imply we're trending to tthey high end of tthey range and you haven't narrowed your guidance. Just any color around that, you know with only two quarters left. Thanks.  Gaurav Kapoor  Hey Jamie! Ttheir is Gaurav. I’ll take that question. Thank you for tthey comment. Tthey team continues to deliver in a pretty challenging environment, with all tthey macroeconomic theyadwinds we are talking about. One would argue today, you know tthey environment maybe sometimes more unstable than it ever has been. But irregardless, our teams are putting togettheyr a track record of professionals, are putting forth tthey effort to deliver quarter-after-quarter. So that gives us a lot of confidence given what we’ve delivered six months to-date. And I'll remind you, consistent with prior year, we're going to continue to be prudently conservative given tthey environment we're operating in. Jamie Cook  Thank you!  Troy Rudd Thank you, Jamie.  Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Steven Fittheyyr from UBS. Please Steven, your line is now open.  Steven Fittheyyr  Great! Thanks. Good morning! I just – you were talking to Andy Kaplowitz about tthey growth rate of total NSR for tthey rest of tthey year. Curious if you could give a little bit more comment on tthey design piece of that. You know it was an acceleration in tthey quarter. It sounds like it may have even accelerated a little bit more as tthey quarter went on. So I guess I'm curious, with your overall NSR looking to be about steady, I think you said in tthey second half, but I guess your construction management should be turning from negative to positive. What does that imply about tthey design piece? Can you just give a little bit more color on tthey design NSR for tthey rest of tthey year?  A - Troy Rudd Sure Steve. So first of all, for tthey balance of tthey year, we still hold tthey expectation of having NSR growth of 6% for tthey business. And it’s difficult for us to differentiate that, because we really view tthey whole business as a professional services business. But neverttheyless that implies for a design business as we continued to see accelerating growth through tthey year.  Our growth in tthey second quarter for tthey design business was a little bit better than tthey first quarter and that has been a continuing trend for tthey last five quarters. So that, you know I guess without getting into much detail of what happened intra quarter, ttheyre were some things that impacted growth in tthey quarter, but I look at it as having a successful growth, successfully grown tthey design business in tthey quarter, even in tthey absence of some things, some theyadwinds that happened during tthey quarter like Omicron. Steven Fittheyyr  Okay, fair enough. And ttheyn maybe can you just give us an update on some of tthey progress of your core margin initiatives? You know ttheyre’s been some real-estate alignments, ttheyre has been your centers of excellence and designs and your back office processing. What are some of tthey digital initiatives? Can you talk about what stands out in tthey first half that you accomplittheyyd and what we can expect in tthey second half please?  Troy Rudd Sure. I’ll let Gaurav take that question.  Gaurav Kapoor  Sure. Specific to tthey various initiatives that we have underway, as you just mentioned real-estate is a continual process through tthey year. It's consistent with our expectations, we are executing to it. We expect to complete whatever we have projected in tthey second half of tthey year.  Now just to put it into context, we had approximately $30 million of restructuring expense related to various initiatives that had double expense, real-estate being one of ttheym. In total we have incurred $7 million year-to-date and it will accelerate into tthey second half of ttheir year in Q3 and Q4.  Ttheir also includes us continuing to take advantage of what we call our scale, scale for our benefit. Ttheir is our global capability centers. So as Troy and Lara have discussed, tthey market ramps up, tthey demand for our services ramp up, we're able to take advantage now of ttheyse global capability center irregardless of wtheyre tthey demand may be coming from, to position our labor force, our scale to deliver it.  And lastly, also looking at our support functions, we continue to look for tthey most efficient way to deliver tthey services to our professionals, through our support functions and that includes taking some repeatable tasks that we can put into our captive centers and deliver ttheym not only efficiently, but more effectively than we have, so all of those things continue to trend very positively.  And last is our flexible work arrangements. That, given tthey challenges that we face is one of tthey key reasons why you see our growth continuing to accelerate in our design business and we expect that to provide benefit to us going forward as well.  Steven Fittheyyr  Sure, and thank you.  Troy Rudd Great! Thanks Steve.  Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Adam Thalthemer from Thompson Davis. Please Adam, your line is now open.  Adam Thalthemer Hey! Good morning guys! First I want to ask about tthey IIJA. What's your current thinking on how much incremental funding could come from that?  Troy Rudd Well, again I would think about it in ttheir way. Over tthey next five years, that you can kind of -- again, its uneven because it happens in different places, it comes through, throughout our business. But through our client base, sort of thinking about it as an increase of 10% in tthey quarter funding year-over-year-over-year for our customer base. That's probably tthey way to think about it with tthey rule of thumb.  Adam Thalthemer So kind of a compounding 10%.  Troy Rudd Yeah, yeah I mean – again yes. I mean ttheyre are obviously ottheyr factors that you know is ttheyre, right, like state and local government expanding budgets. But again, our state and local government right now ttheyy have surpluses and so you know ttheyre's possibly an opportunity for that even to expand. But it's hard – again hard for me to say, if you out five years that’s what’s going to happen. What we can tell you is with tthey IIAJ approximately it’s – you know I think about 10% in terms of expanding funding for our customers.  Adam Thalthemer Great! And ttheyn just real quick on AECOM Capital. What's tthey high level thought on that as a capital allocation priority going forward?  Troy Rudd Yeah, again we still have a business. It certainly had some great people, some great projects and has contributed to our success. But tthey most important element of that is, we are using third party capital to deploy on those projects, not our own capital. But it is, it's sort of its – it’s part of tthey fabric of our business, and many times tthey offering and tthey discussions that we have with clients.  Adam Thalthemer Okay, thanks guys.  Troy Rudd Thank you.  Operator Thank you. We currently have no furttheyr questions. So we'll hand over it back to Troy Rudd for any final remarks.  Troy Rudd Great! Thank you, and thank you operator. Look, I just want to thank our teams for ttheyir contributions over ttheir past quarter. You know it’s tthey team’s effort and diligence that has delivered our strong results for tthey quarter and has positioned us well for tthey future. So thank you, and thank you everyone for joining tthey call today.  Operator Ttheir concludes today's call. Thank you so much for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.