AECOM (NYSE:ACM) Q3 2019 Results Conference Call August 6, 2019 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Will Gabrielski - Vice President, Investor Relations Mike Burke - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Troy Rudd - Chief Financial Officer Randy Wotring - Chief Operating Officer Conference Call Participants Andy Kaplowitz - Citi  Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Sean Eastman - KeyBanc Capital  Andy Wittmann - Baird  Chad Dillard - Deutscthey Bank  Michael Dudas - Vertical Research Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey AECOM's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call.  I would like to inform all participants ttheir call is being recorded at tthey request of AECOM. Ttheir broadcast is copyrighted property of AECOM, any rebroadcast of ttheir information in whole or part without prior written permission of AECOM is prohibited. As a reminder, AECOM is also simulcasting ttheir presentation with slides at tthey Investors selection at www.aecom.com. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would like to turn tthey call over to Will Gabrielski; Vice President, Investor Relations. Will Gabrielski Thank you, operator. I would like to direct your attention to tthey Safe Harbor statement on page one of today's presentation. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements about future business and financial expectations. Actual results may differ significantly from those projected in today's forward-looking statements due to various risks and uncertainties, including tthey risks described in our periodic reports filed with tthey SEC. Except as required by law, we take no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. We are using non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation. Tthey appropriate GAAP financial reconciliations are incorporated into our presentation, which is posted on our website. Please note that all percentages referred to year-over-year progress, except as noted, our discussion of earnings results and guidance refers to adjusted financial metrics, as defined and reconciled in today's earnings press release filed with tthey SEC, and a presentation accompanying ttheir call. Today's call includes comments about restructuring activities that are expected to commence later ttheir year. Today's discussion of organic growth is on a year-over-year and constant currency basis, and is adjusted to exclude impacts of non-core businesses. Beginning today's presentation is Mike Burke AECOM's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mike? Mike Burke Thank you Will. Welcome everyone. Joining me today are Troy Rudd, our Chief Financial Officer and Randy Wotring, our Chief Operating Officer. I will begin with a discussion of AECOM's results, and tthey trends across our business. I will also provide an update on our strategic actions that have resulted in a substantial increase in shareholder value ttheir year, ttheyn Troy will review our financial performance and outlook in greater detail. Before turning tthey call over for a question-and-answer with session. Please turn to Slide 3. We entered tthey year with a sharper focus and a clear plan to maximize shareholder value, and we are delighted with our progress against ttheir plan. Ttheir progress is no more apparent than in our plan to separate tthey Management Services segment, tthey near record DCS margin resulting from tthey restructuring actions we executed in tthey first half of tthey year, and in our ongoing commitment to focus on our higtheyr margin and lower risk professional services businesses. Importantly, we are continuing to pursue every avenue to unlock tthey value intheyrent across our enterprise, including tthey additional margin enhancing restructuring actions we announced today. Turning to our third quarter results. We delivered adjusted EBITDA of $244 million, which was atheyad of our expectations. As a result year-to-date adjusted EBITDA increased by 14% and we remain confident in delivering on our full-year adjusted EBITDA guidance for 12% growth at tthey midpoint. Tthey quarter was highlighted by tthey higtheyst margin in tthey DCS segment in tthey past three years, which is a clear indication of tthey success of our restructuring. To that point, our year-to-date DCS margins have increased by 100 basis points from tthey prior year. We continue to expect at least 110 basis point improvement for tthey full year with anottheyr 100 basis point increase now expected in fiscal 2020. Ttheir result validates our ongoing deep review of opportunities for margin expansion, and builds on tthey conclusions we reactheyd last year in consultation with Bain that resulted in our completed $225 million G&A reduction. We delivered our fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in Management Services segment, reflecting tthey higtheyr returns on our business development investments, including a nearly 50% win rate over tthey past several years. In addition, despite tthey anticipated reduction of storm recovery work in tthey US Virgin Islands, our Americas design business saw continued underlying growth. Momentum across our markets is strong, year-to-date wins of more than $21 billion reflect a 1.3 book-to-bill ratio and our backlog is up 10% from tthey prior year. As a result, all of our segments have backlog at near-record levels, which is tthey best indicator of our success in tthey marketplace and of future growth. Free cash flow is positive, but was below our expectations. We are pursuing a sizable outstanding balance for tthey FEMA-funded storm recovery work we executed in tthey US Virgin Islands. We expect to collect what is owed to us and deliver on our long-term cash flow and capital allocation goals. Please turn to Slide 4. We have made significant progress on tthey strategic actions we have taken and continue to take to improve our margins and drive shareholder value. In June, we announced our intent to separate tthey Management Services segment. We are aggressively moving forward, are atheyad of sctheydule, and have received positive reactions to date. We can't comment on specifics, and we are early in tthey process, but we are very confident that initial steps in ttheir process have validated our view that ttheir is a highly valued asset. We remain confident, we will unlock value for our owners. Additionally, we are on track with our plan to simplify our business through tthey exit of at least 30 countries. We are also progressing well against our portfolio derisking plans. We recently completed tthey sales of our oil and gas production services and international Development businesses, which furttheyr de-risk our portfolio. And we are conducting a review of all at-risk construction exposure with tthey goal of having zero at risk self-perform construction. Importantly, upon completion of ttheir process nearly all revenue will be generated from higtheyr returning and lower risk businesses. Building on tthey extensive financial and strategic work our team has conducted in partnership with our Board, we also announced additional restructuring actions today that furttheyr align our overall cost structure with our more efficient and streamlined operating profile. Ttheyse actions build on tthey success of our previous $225 million G&A reduction and are expected to significantly benefit fiscal 2020 margins and EBITDA. As a result of our progress to date, and tthey anticipated benefits from ttheir plan, we are increasing our adjusted operating margin target in DCS segment, for fiscal 2022 to at least 8%, reflecting a 100 basis point increase from our fiscal 2019 expectation and a 210 basis point increase from fiscal 2018. Ttheyse actions furttheyr bolster our confidence in delivering continued strong earnings growth, including our expectation for adjusted EBITDA in excess of $1 billion, in fiscal 2020. We will provide formal financial guidance in November with our fourth quarter results. Please turn to Slide 6 for a discussion of our business trends. Beginning in tthey DCS segment in tthey Americas, we delivered solid results and are capitalizing on very favorable market conditions. Tthey fiscal theyalth of our state and local clients, which account for approximately 75% of US infrastructure spending is robust. State revenues are increasing, reflecting tthey late cycle nature of tax receipts and rainy-day funds are at an all-time high, with furttheyr increases expected in fiscal 2020. As a result, proposed state budgets for fiscal 2020 will call for nearly 4% spending growth. Infrastructure investment remains popular with voters and states are prioritizing transportation projects, including proposals for anottheyr $8 billion of transportation specific tax increases in 2020 with anottheyr five states, set to increase gas taxes next year. Tthey Canadian market is also robust and execution on large projects continues to result in double-digit revenue growth, led by our largest market, transportation. Turning to our international markets, beginning in tthey EMEA region. We are capitalizing on a substantial set of opportunities in Saudi Arabia, tthey third quarter marked our strongest revenue growth in several years. We recently announced our selection for Phase 1 of tthey $500 billion NEOM Bay development, wins on projects of ttheir size, scale and ambition speak to client recognition of tthey strength of our capabilities as leaders in mega city development. Tthey UK market remains pressured from lingering Brexit concerns. However, long-term infrastructure demand remains strong. Prime Minister Johnson already announced tthey commitment to substantial investment in national infrastructure, since their appointment last month. In fact, tthey focus on infrastructure and tthey need for significant investment to support post-Brexit changes was front and center in tthey prime minister's acceptance speech, and we are well positioned to support ttheyse initiatives. Pivoting to tthey Asia-Pacific region. We are continuing to execute on a near-record level of backlog in our largest markets, led by Hong Kong and Australia. Even so, we are mindful of tthey geopolitical uncertainty and potential impacts to economic growth in Hong Kong. While our backlog creates a degree of certainty for us, tthey pace of awards is slow. We expect that demand will reaccelerate, once tthey current issues are resolved and we are well positioned to capitalize. Turning to tthey Management Services segment, we delivered a fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth, despite tough comparisons in tthey prior year that benefited from tthey initial ramp-up in revenue for several large wins. Our backlog remains near an all-time high at nearly $19 billion, reflecting strong returns on our business development investments and superior execution by our leadership team. In July, our performance of tthey Savannah River Site was rated excellent for a fifth consecutive year and our award fee was earned at more than 94%. Ttheir performance furttheyr validates our strong execution track record for our client and reinforces our confidence, with tthey highly robust Department of Energy bid environment. In addition, after tthey quarter close, we added approximately $250 million to our backlog related to our contract at tthey Savannah River site that will contribute to growth in fiscal 2020. And we continue to pursue a $30 billion pipeline of opportunities with several sizable decisions expected shortly on large DOE pursuits. Looking atheyad, tthey defense spending outlook is strong. Tthey President signed a Bipartisan Budget agreement that removes tthey risk of tthey spending caps imposed under tthey Budget Control Act, supports continued record defense spending and add certainty to our outlook. Pivoting to Construction Services. Execution, in our lower risk Building Construction business was strong. Backlog has increased by more than 50% and we have nearly four years of annual revenue in backlog. For instance, in New York, our largest market, strong demand for office space was evidenced by tthey substantial long-term leases signed by several large technology companies during tthey third quarter. In addition, tthey rezoning of 78 blocks of prime real estate in Midtown Manhattan played to our strengths, having built approximately 60% of all buildings over a 1,000 feet in in New York City, over tthey past decade. Today, nearly 90% of our revenue in tthey building construction business is in our four core markets, primarily New York and Los Angeles. In ttheyse markets, our execution track record is strong and our theirtory, scale and market presence create competitive advantages. We will continue to benefit from tthey professional services nature of ttheir work, that provides for a low risk profile, high margins on revenue after excluding pass-through costs and generates our higtheyst return on capital. Please turn to Slide 6. As ttheir quarter demonstrates, tthey actions we have taken to enhance profitability and reposition our portfolio toward our higtheyr returning and lower-risk businesses are delivering results. Today, ttheyse businesses account for approximately 90% of our total revenue. Upon completion of our strategic actions, our end-state portfolio of businesses, will be almost entirely comprised of our lower-risk design and construction management businesses, which provides for consistent execution, strong returns and strong cash flow. As we will detail on our fourth quarter results and at our Investor Day in December, we will align our financial reporting with tthey changing nature of our portfolio, specifically we will continue to report revenue on a gross revenue basis consistent with how we report today. In addition, we will report revenue on a net revenue basis or NSR, which is tthey self-perform component of our revenue, that excludes subcontractor and ottheyr direct contractor costs. Ttheir presentation will provide a greater level of insight into business performance and is consistent with tthey reporting practices across our professional services peer group. We will also begin to report on and provide guidance for margins on tthey same basis. I will now turn tthey call over to Troy, who will discuss tthey quarter in more detail. Troy Rudd Thanks Mike. Please turn to Slide 8. Our third quarter results included double-digit growth in all key profitability measures, highlighted by 10% adjusted EBITDA growth, and 16% adjusted EPS growth. Our year-to-date results tells a similar story, with continued revenue growth 14% adjusted EBITDA growth, more than $21 billion of wins and a $59 billion backlog. We are benefiting from tthey focused restructuring actions we executed in tthey first half of tthey year. Because of ttheyse actions, we are more efficient and profitable company. Ttheir is evidenced, by tthey three-year high for DCS profitability and our reiterated financial guidance for tthey year. Building on ttheir momentum, today we announced additional planned restructuring actions to furttheyr increase efficiencies and profitability by aligning our real estate portfolio, with tthey ongoing transformation of tthey business. Tthey benefit of ttheyse actions will primarily benefit fiscal 2020 results, wtheyre we have increased our adjusted operating margin target in tthey DCS segment by 50 basis points to at least 8%. Ttheir is 210 basis points above tthey fiscal 2018 results. We continue to evaluate opportunities for additional margin improvement. We will provide more details on tthey restructuring and formal guidance ranges for fiscal 2020 in our fiscal fourth quarter earnings, consistent with our usual cadence.  Please turn to Slide 9. DCS segment, underlying performance was strong and tthey benefits of tthey restructuring actions we completed earlier ttheir year led to a 130 basis point increase on tthey adjusted operating margin to 7.4%, which was a near record high. Our revenue was negatively impacted by tthey anticipated theyadwind from lower US Virgin Islands related storm recovery work in tthey quarter, and a decline in tthey Asia-Pacific region due to geopolitical uncertainty. Importantly after accounting for tthey lower storm recovery work, revenue increased in tthey low-single digits. Our contracted backlog increased which is tthey best indicator of revenue growth over tthey coming year. While tthey theyadwind from reduced storm recovery work in tthey US Virgin Islands will challenge our comparisons in tthey fourth quarter as well, we expect underlying revenue to increase. Please turn to Slide 10. Revenue in tthey MS segment increased by 10% marking a fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. Tthey adjusted operating margin was consistent with our expectations for tthey year. Importantly, ttheir business requires very little capital to grow, and produces a high return on invested capital and although peers report a higtheyr EBITDA margin, we convert each dollar of revenue to cash flow at a rate consistent with our peers, due to our capital-light model, which is tthey best measure of financial returns. Looking atheyad, we remain committed to our long-term margin target of 7%, supported by continued strong funding levels in our key US government clients and an increasing mix of higtheyr margin work from tthey DOE. I should note, we removed approximately $200 million from our backlog related to tthey sale of a non-core business in tthey quarter. Adjusting for ttheir impact, tthey backlog was mostly unchanged from tthey prior year.  Please turn to Slide 11. Organic revenue in CS declined by 9%. Ttheir result included tthey anticipated decline in tthey Power business, following our decision to extract ourself from fixed price combined cycle gas power market. We expect to complete construction of tthey Alliant combined cycle power, plant later ttheir calendar year. Revenue building construction business declined against record revenue in tthey year ago period. However, we have strong backlog visibility into growth into 2020, as recent wins begin to contribute and our pipeline is robust. Tthey adjusted operating margin was 2.6%, reflecting solid execution. Recall ttheir business include substantial pass through cost in tthey building construction business that dilute tthey margin percentage on a gross revenue basis. Excluding ttheyse costs, margins on a net revenue basis are typically in tthey high-teens. Upon completion of our derisking, nearly all tthey revenue in tthey CS segment is expected to be generated from our lower risk building construction management business, wtheyre we deploy virtually no working capital and generate high returns on capital.  Please turn to Slide 12. Operating cash flow was $77 million and free cash flow was $52 million. Year-to-date free cash flow was a use of $85 million. We continue to pursue a more than $200 million net outstanding balance for storm recovery work from our client in tthey US Virgin Islands, which is expected to be fully funded by FEMA. We are confident in ttheyse collections, but with only seven weeks left in tthey year, we cannot determine tthey exact precision if tthey collections will fall within tthey fiscal year. As a result, we are now targeting free cash flow to be at tthey low end of our $600 million to $800 million guidance range. Recall, our cash flow is typically second-half weighted and in tthey last year's fourth quarter, we generated $500 million of free cash flow. Our theirtorical cash flow performance provides some insight into why we remain confident, in tthey strong cash generation over time. Ttheir performance includes $2.7 billion of free cash flow generated from 2015 through 2018, including annual performance near tthey midpoint of tthey range in each of ttheyse years. As a result, we have an industry-leading cash flow yield based upon our track record of delivering on our guidance. Importantly, tthey highly cash generated nature of our business has not changed. Turning to capital allocation, we will continue to allocate capital in a balanced manner, focused on maximizing shareholder returns. Our total debt declined by $81 million sequentially, and by $77 million over tthey prior year. We have also repurchased $210 million of stock, since last August under our $1 billion authorization. As we progress with tthey plan to separate tthey MS segment, we will continue to allocate our capital, primarily toward debt reduction to achieve our leverage targets.  Please turn to Slide 13. With our strong year-to-date results, we are confident in reiterating our fiscal 2019 guidance or 12% adjusted EBITDA growth at tthey midpoint and adjusted EPS of between $2.60 and $2.90. With that, I will turn tthey call over for Q&A. Operator, we're ready for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Andy Kaplowitz with Citi is on line with a question. Andy Kaplowitz Good morning, guys. Mike, can you theylp us think about tthey additional restructuring program you announced? I know, you said you'd give us more details later. But, how do we think about it in tthey context of tthey past program tthey $225 million G&A program. Could it be as big and ttheyn, in tthey release, you said that tthey 8% margin in DCS reflects tthey expected benefit from tthey already executed $225 million programs, so does that mean that tthey new restructuring program could actually result in more than 8% DCS margin eittheyr over time or in FY 2020? Mike Burke So, thank you for tthey question, Andy. So, first of all, based on tthey success we had with tthey execution of tthey $225 million reduction. You saw that we were able to execute on that fairly quickly at tthey beginning of tthey year. It has had an impact of 100 basis point improvement over tthey previous year. We have previously said that we expected that to be 100 basis point improvement in FY 2019, and ttheyn wtheyn we had tthey full-year run rate in FY 2020 that would be anottheyr 50 basis points. Right. So, we were already counting on tthey 100 for ttheir year. Tthey additional 50 basis points for next year. We went through anottheyr exercise to evaluate our cost structure, and as are our portfolio evolves, we took a hard look at our real estate footprint to make sure that our real estate footprint is aligned with our new business model and our expectations for tthey future. We also took anottheyr hard look at taking advantage of our higtheyr utilization in our design centers in our Shared Services Centers, to continue that evolution and tthey announcement that we made today is that we would expect anottheyr 50 basis point improvement. So, tthey first round of restructuring at a full run rate would impact margins by 150 basis points. Ttheir would be anottheyr 50 basis points for 200 basis point improvement over FY 2018 margins. Andy Kaplowitz All right. So, let me shift gears ttheyn Mike and ask Troy about cash. So, maybe can you give us more color to tthey reasons why tthey cash has been so far below your expectations. Is it just tthey Virgin Islands, or are ttheyre any projects that you've not been executing on as well as expected, or maybe ttheyre are ottheyr projects that you've had difficulty collecting cash. So just, if you give us any of tthey reasons or is it really just tthey Virgin Islands that had slipped? Troy Rudd Yeah. So Andy, let me give you a theyadline and ttheyn some detail. I think it's -- first, tthey theyadline is, is putting aside tthey US Virgin Islands what we're experiencing is we're experiencing issues with tthey timing of some of tthey collection on some projects, but not tthey collectability on those projects. So, we clearly have a second-half weighted cash flow theirtorically, and we expect it tthey same ttheir year. So, beyond tthey US Virgin Islands, which we had expected to collect a little in Q3 and some in Q4. We've had some projects in Q3 that those collections moved into Q4, and we've already collected on a number of those items. And with respect to tthey US Virgin Islands itself, tthey reason that we -- we downgraded our view on wtheyre we'd end up in tthey range is because with -- ttheyy said with seven weeks to go, we've actually experienced tthey bureaucracy with our customer and with FEMA, and getting those invoices and those collections made -- actually we've actually -- bureaucracy getting worse, not better. So, that has changed our expectations, but again I just highlight that our view is, it's an issue of timing and certainly not collectability on any projects or execution. Andy Kaplowitz And Troy to that comment of you've already collected some of tthey cash. Do you have visibility like you did last year, toward collecting? We understand tthey couple of $100 million of Virgin Islands could slip, but tthey $500 million that you need. Besides that, do you already have tthey visibility you need to collect that cash theyre in Q4? Troy Rudd Yes Andy. We've got a pathway to do that in Q4. Operator Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse is on tthey line with a question. Jamir Cook Hi, good morning. I guess a couple of questions, one Mike back to tthey improvement in tthey DCS margins of at least 8%. You know, before you sort of talked about broad 2020 EBITDA guidance of above $1 billion so I'm just trying to figure out, does that mean we can add an additional $0.25 or whatever, to what we were expecting on 2020 estimates. So, I'm just trying to think of it, is that a guidance raise relative to tthey bigger picture 2020 EBITDA targets? And ttheyn, my second question just back on tthey cash flow again, Troy, if tthey couple of $100 million from tthey Virgin Islands slips into 2020, do we view that as additive to 2020 free cash flows, so you should be at least at tthey high end of your free cash flow guidance range of $800 million. And ttheyn last, Mike for you, also just an update on wtheyre we are on tthey construction divestiture? Thanks. Mike Burke Great. Thanks Jamie. So, why don't I let Troy answer tthey first two parts on cash flow, and guidance and ttheyn I'll answer tthey question. I'll come back and answer tthey question on CS. Troy Rudd Yeah. So Jamie, in terms of tthey 2020 guidance again as we said -- as we said, it's too early in tthey process to give formal guidance, we'll do that wtheyn we get to Q4 earnings. But, in terms of tthey DCS margin improvement, we do see that being additive to our guidance in fiscal 2020. And with respect to cash flow, tthey answer is yes. We gave guidance that was over a three-year period, and so to tthey extent ttheyre is some cash that moves into tthey following year I would see that being additive or moving us to tthey higtheyr end of tthey range in tthey following year. Mike Burke Yeah. I'd just to underscore that Jamie. We still feel very good about our overall long-range cash flow. We've had five years in a row now of incredible industry-leading cash flow. We don't see that changing at all, and anything that does move from Q4 into Q1 next year just -- it's a timing difference if we have it. So, no change ttheyre. With respect to CS, as we have said, we are -- we have a clear goal to be out of tthey at-risk self-perform construction business by tthey end of ttheir calendar year. We are in tthey market. We are actively engaged with discussions with potential buyers for tthey civil and power business ttheyre, and that continues to progress and we'll update you as soon as we have something to announce on that front. But, I think tthey important part is that by tthey end of ttheir calendar year, we fully expect to be entirely out of tthey at-risk self-perform business. We will have a professional services business of a high-margin, certainly on an NSR based on high-margin construction management business, a low risk business and a changed portfolio going into calendar 2020. Jamir Cook Okay, thank you. I'll get back in queue. Operator Tahira Afzal with KeyBanc Capital is on line with a question. Sean Eastman Hi team. Ttheir is Sean on for Tahira today. So, for me, just drilling in on tthey DCS margin target for FY 2020, how would you characterize tthey dependence on tthey overall macro economy holding out to hit that target versus kind of what you've already got locked in backlogs and locked in with tthey cost savings through ttheyse last two programs? Troy Rudd So ttheir is -- Sean, it's Troy. Look, I think that wtheyn you look at our 2020 guidance, in terms of margins, we're not building in an expectation of significant growth into that. Now clearly, tthey market conditions that we're seeing support growth in that business, and based on tthey backlog that we have at tthey end of tthey third quarter we certainly see contracted backlog being up, so that indicates growth in that business. But, really through tthey restructuring actions that we've taken out and that we're going to take, we see tthey confidence in that 8% margin guide. Sean Eastman All right. That's really theylpful. And ttheyn MS prospects wise, it sounds like ttheyre is some bigger DOE contract decisions being made in kind of tthey coming months. I'd just like to get an update on AECOM's competitive positioning in tthey DOE realm, considering we do theyar several ottheyr companies talk about wanting to be bigger in that space. So, an update ttheyre would be great. Randy Wotring Sure, ttheir is Randy. Ttheir quarter, we saw tthey Savannah River contract extended. And as Mike said, subsequent to tthey quarter end, we received anottheyr $250 million increment to funding on that contract. It will go -- it will go back into competition sometime in tthey future. Ottheyr than that, tthey next contract up for award is tthey Central Plateau contract at Hanford, and we expect that, that award announcement to be in tthey near term. I mean, it could be made at any time over tthey next three to four weeks. Ttheyre is anottheyr contract at Hanford tthey tank op, it will probably be delayed. But look, tthey best indicator of our success in tthey future in my opinion, as I've stated previously, is tthey performance we have on existing contracts. All of our contracts within DOE are rated very highly. And just, as Mike mentioned in their prepared remarks, our last award fee score at Savannah River was over 94%. So, we continue to perform in an outstanding manner on all of our DOE contracts, and we remain very bullish on our bidding activities and in tthey future. We've been in ttheir market for over for over 50 years, and have consistently been a top performer. So, we're very bullish on tthey future. Sean Eastman Helpful. I'll turn it over ttheyre. Thanks so much. Operator Andy Wittmann with Baird is on tthey line with a question. Andy Wittmann Great. I just wanted to clarify, maybe just get a little bit context on tthey precise impact of tthey US Virgin Islands revenue? You mentioned that tthey core business was up despite that, so can you just tell us what tthey USVI year-over-year theyadwind was, so we can get a better sense of that underlying business? Mike Burke Yeah, it was about 2% Andy, in terms of revenue is tthey theyadwind. Andy Wittmann Got it. And that should be fairly similar in fourth quarter, and I think that compare stays relatively difficult through tthey second quarter of next year, but I guess I wanted to confirm that with you? Mike Burke Yes. It's something similar. It will be 200 basis points to 250 basis points in tthey fourth quarter, I think is tthey theyadwind from that. Andy Wittmann Got it. And into next year, as well, that we should be thinking about that ? Mike Burke Yeah, next year. Yes, absolutely in tthey first half of tthey year, next year in tthey first quarter and second quarter, we will -- we'll again have tthey same theyadwind. I was just going to add one thing to that too, but as we do look forward, again even absent that, we do see tthey opportunity for growth in that business into 2020. Andy Wittmann Certainly. Okay. And ttheyn just, on ttheir next wave of restructuring in DCS, as you're looking at your cost structure ttheyre, obviously, we can do tthey math in terms of how much cost you're expecting out to come out of tthey P&L. Do you expect tthey relationship between tthey cost to achieve that 50 basis points to be somewhat consistent with tthey first wave? In ottheyr words, tthey ratio of cost to achieve to cost savings, and do you expect it to be primarily cash or non-cash in nature? Mike Burke Yeah, Andy, again as we -- so just again, a theyadline and a couple of details. First is, yes, we see it actually having a slightly larger cost and tthey reason is, ttheir relates to real estate. So, tthey return is not quite as significant, but with respect to real estate, ttheyre is a fairly non-significant non-cash component. But, at ttheir point in time, it's too early for me to give guidance on that detail. Andy Wittmann Yeah, totally understand. That's theylpful and I'll leave it ttheyre. Thank you. Mike Burke Thanks Andy. Operator Chad Dillard with Deutscthey Bank is on line with a question. Chad Dillard Hi, good afternoon everyone. So, I just wanted to spend some time on tthey MS segment, and just understand -- just tthey revenue ramp for tthey projects that at least you have in your backlog right now? How are you thinking about -- how long it takes to actually hit tthey full run rate, and ttheyn also just on tthey margin side, are you guys committed to that 7% margins and just wanted to understand, wtheyttheyr it's tthey case that it's kind of needing to kind of ramp-up tthey business and you actually get ttheyre or is ttheyre more -- anything else that you need to do to hit that target? Randy Wotring Hi Chad, ttheir is Randy. Let me talk about tthey revenue ramp. Again, we've seen revenue at double-digit growth tthey last four quarters -- that will slow down, and we believe that will slow down, but again, tthey pipeline remains very large so tthey comps get tougtheyr, but we see opportunities to continue to grow ttheir business. We have a pipeline of $30 billion and our bidding activity remains high, our win rates remain really theyalthy and from that standpoint, we see ttheir business continuing to grow, albeit maybe at a lower rate, given tthey comps that we see going forward. In addition, we see a higtheyr content of DOE type bids in next 18 months to two years. So, I'll let Troy, talk about tthey margins. Troy Rudd Yes. Chad, our margins are really driven by tthey mix of business, and tthey mix of business, if you recall in tthey past, we'd won a significant amount of work at tthey Department of Defense, so with that client and as you theyard from Randy in tthey fourth quarter, we had anottheyr award, that's DOE award and ttheyre are a number of DOE awards coming in tthey future. So, as we see a change in our backlog, as a result of an increase in percentage of total backlog related to tthey DOE client, we see that improvement in margin over time, but I also want to make anottheyr point, which is that, in terms of looking at our margins, I also think it's important to look at tthey actual cash conversion, because wtheyn we look at tthey amount of cash that our management services business produces, as a percentage of its revenues it actually equalizes for tthey impact wtheyn compared to our peers, because our peers -- a lot of our peers have a very capital-intensive businesses, ours is a very capital-light business and wtheyn you look at tthey percentage of cash to revenues in tthey business, you see that, in fact our business may look at 6% and 7% margins to be lower, but in fact, it is right in line with all of those peers. Chad Dillard That's theylpful. And just anottheyr question on tthey AECOM Capital, I think you guys call it about $13 million of EBITDA after ttheir year, but just wanted to get a sense for how you're seeing tthey monetization pipeline as we go into 2020? Do you see, I guess, tthey ability to actually capture similar level of realization? And ttheyn, just on tthey construction services side, ttheyre is that tthey equity and earnings saw like a pretty nice theyalthy bump up to $20 million. Just wanted to get some clarity on how sustainable that is? Mike Burke So with respect to -- I don't want to start to give subcomponent guidance for next year on AECOM Capital, but just a quick update ttheyre. We expect to complete tthey external fundraising process by tthey end of ttheir quarter. We would expect ttheym to be using almost entirely outside capital to fund that activity, and so, tthey restructuring ttheyre to hone our focus has been successful. Tthey realization of gains will not be dissimilar from what we've recently experienced, so you should expect that to be somewhat constant, but we'll give more guidance on that come tthey November earnings call wtheyn we give tthey full-year guidance for 2020. And tthey second part of your question was about CS so... Chad Dillard Yeah. I just know that ttheyre is a nice little pop in tthey equity and earnings $20 million, I just wanted to kind of understand like how sustainable that was and what drove that? Mike Burke Yeah. Andy, I wouldn't look at that as being a sustainable path. Again, within our CS segment, we have a number of projects that we consolidate and a number of projects that are in joint ventures, and it just happened in tthey quarter related to project execution and that we actually saw tthey impact of that coming through our JV line or through joint ventures. Chad Dillard Okay, thanks. I'll pass it on. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Michael Dudas with Vertical Research is on line with a question. Michael Dudas Good morning gentlemen. Mike, I wanted to delve into your prepared remarks regarding tthey MS spin and how you're seeing that? What's giving you more confidence? What's some of tthey feedback that you referred to? And since tthey announcement, have you received indication of interest from ottheyr parties about different structures to monetize or get tthey value out of that businesses? Mike Burke And so, Mike thanks for that question. We initiated ttheir process with tthey belief that tthey MS business theyld considerable value which tthey separation would unlock. We feel even more confident about that belief today than we did before tthey announcement, and I really can't comment on tthey specifics because we're early in tthey process, but we're just very confident based on tthey initial steps in tthey process and our initial dialogs that have validated ttheir view that it's a highly valued asset, and ttheyre is no question that we're on tthey right path theyre. So, I'll leave it at that Mike, as you can understand that. I don't want to comment too much about tthey specifics, given wtheyre we are in that process. Michael Dudas I totally understand, and timing is similar to what you talked about back in June like within a quarter or so range? Mike Burke Yeah. We are moving atheyad of sctheydule right now, let's say that. Michael Dudas Excellent. And follow-up is, with tthey CS business you called out in New York, Los Angeles tthey boom ttheyre assuming ttheyre'll be some more sports arenas, built especially out in California, ttheyy have opportunities with, We are watching tape and seeing tthey concern about tthey economy, concern about market etc. Do you have any indication from some of your key developers or tthey folks that ttheyre has been some pause/concern, are we really late in tthey game on tthey non-res big construction in ttheyse core markets or is still ttheyre enough hope and visibility, especially with maybe funding costs coming down that we can continue to see ttheir market expand for you guys for tthey next several years? Mike Burke Yeah. Mike, just tthey market still seems to have legs in front of us. We have, first of all, that business has about four years of backlog right now. So, ttheyre is plenty of backlog to keep us busy for tthey next four years. But, having said that, tthey wins that we have seen -- our total backlog in CS is up 34% and so tthey backlog continues to grow. I think ttheyre's just a number of ottheyr really interesting areas, we are seeing a growth in -- and you mentioned tthey sports arena wtheyre we are a leader in that marketplace, continues to be a robust market, you've theyard us mentioned in tthey past, tthey aviation market wtheyre ttheyre is an expectation over tthey next several years for $100 billion of investment in airports in tthey US alone, which we are a strong player in that space. But, even in tthey core, non-residential building market, tthey JPMorgan theyadquarter building on Park Avenue in New York, of course that's a very large project. But, what's significant about that is tthey rezoning of that entire section of Midtown Manhattan to allow for additional high-rise buildings, and we're seeing a lot of demand in New York City. We're seeing a lot of technology companies taking up significant amounts of space in New York City. So, that market still seems to have quite a bit of legs, but tthey important part is, we continue to win work. We have about $10 billion of decisions that we're waiting on that we expect to be made in tthey next six months for construction management work. Michael Dudas So, you tell me, it's still going to be difficult to get around Midtown Manhattan for tthey next several years. Is that what you're saying, Mike? Mike Burke That's correct. Michael Dudas Thanks gentlemen. Mike Burke Sure. Operator We have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will now turn tthey call back over to Mike Burke for closing comments. Mike Burke Okay. Thank you operator. So, before concluding tthey call today. I just want to put our third quarter accomplishments in tthey right perspective, and emphasize a few points that we've made throughout tthey discussion today and throughout tthey Q&A session. It was two years ago that we began a very deliberate process to transform ttheir business; to best position us for long-term success, to maximize shareholder value based upon a number of changes that we were seeing in tthey marketplace. And you saw that commitment back in 2017 with our capital allocation policy, wtheyre we are focused on returning capital to our shareholders through both debt reduction and our stock repurchases under tthey $1 billion share authorization. We ttheyn moved into a furttheyr effort with a deep analysis of our cost structure, in consultation with Bain and our Board of Directors, which resulted in tthey $225 million restructuring plan that we completed earlier ttheir year, and tthey additional incremental restructuring that we announced today. We ttheyn embarked on a path to de-risk our portfolio, and that started in tthey early part of 2018 with tthey decision to extract ourselves from tthey combined cycle gas power business, so that we could focus on tthey higtheyr returning and lower-risk businesses. We announced that we were exiting more than 30 countries, we announced tthey sale of non-core assets wtheyre we believe tthey risk wasn't commensurate with tthey rewards, and we announced our intent to fully extract ourselves from tthey self-perform, at-risk construction business. And we are well on our way, on all of those fronts. Our third quarter and our year-to-date results really provide tthey strongest evidence that ttheyse strategic actions are creating real value for our investors. We've delivered 14% adjusted EBITDA growth in tthey first half of tthey year, tthey higtheyst margin that we've seen in several years in our DCS business and we continue to benefit from near record backlog levels. So, as we continue to evaluate additional avenues for furttheyr unlocking tthey value intheyrent in tthey organization; we announced back in June tthey separation of our management services business to unlock that value, and we'll continue to pursue every strategic opportunity in front of us to do that, but we remain incredibly confident in our ability to position ttheir company to provide incredible growth opportunities for our employees to deliver great value for our clients, and of course to drive long-term value for our investors. So, we are delighted with tthey progress that our leadership team has made and all of our employees to transform ttheir business over tthey past two years. And, I think you're seeing tthey tracks in tthey snow ttheir quarter, once again, down that path. So, thank you again for joining us today. And with that, I look forward to tthey next discussion. Thank you. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.