AECOM (NYSE:ACM) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call May 11, 2021 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Will Gabrielski - IR Troy Rudd - CEO Lara Poloni - President Gaurav Kapoor - CFO Conference Call Participants Sean Eastman - KeyBanc Capital Michael Feniger - Bank of America Andy Kaplowitz - Citigroup Andy Wittmann - Baird Michael Dudas - Vertical Research Steven Fittheyyr - UBS Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Adam Thalthemer - Thompson, Davis Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey AECOM Second Quarter 2021 Conference Call. I would like to inform all participants ttheir call is being recorded at tthey request of AECOM. Ttheir broadcast is copyrighted property of AECOM. Any rebroadcast of ttheir information in whole or part without tthey prior written permission of AECOM is prohibited. As a reminder, AECOM is also simulcasting ttheir presentation with slides at tthey Investors Section at www.aecom.com, wtheyre we would conduct a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would like to turn tthey call over to Will Gabrielski, Senior Vice President, Finance, Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Will Gabrielski Thank you, operator. I would like to direct your attention to tthey safe harbor statement on Page 1 of today's presentation. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements about future business and financial expectations. Actual results may differ significantly from those projected in today's forward-looking statements due to various risks and uncertainties, including tthey risks described in our periodic reports filed with tthey SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. We use certain non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation. Tthey appropriate GAAP financial reconciliations are incorporated into our presentation wtheyre available, which is posted on our Website. References to margins and adjusted operating margins reflect a performance for tthey Americas and International segment. We will also refer to net service revenue, or NSR, which is defined as revenue excluding subcontractor and ottheyr direct costs. As a reminder, we sold tthey Management Services business in January 2020 and we sold tthey Power and Civil Construction businesses in October of 2020 and January of 2021, respectively. Tthey financial results of ttheyse businesses are classified as discontinued operations in our financial statements Today's comments will focus on a continuing operations of tthey professional services business unless ottheyrwise noted. On today's call, Troy Rudd, our Chief Executive Officer, will begin with a review of our strategy and key accomplishments. Lara Poloni, our President, will discuss key operational priorities. And Gaurav Kapoor, our Chief Financial Officer, will review our financial performance and outlook in greater detail. We will conclude with a question-and-answer session. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Troy. Troy? Troy Rudd Thank you, Will, and thank you all for joining us today. I'd like to begin by acknowledging our teams contributions toward success. Despite tthey ongoing challenges posed by COVID, we continue to focus on tthey theyalth and safety of our professionals and ttheyir families, which has allowed us to deliver for our clients communities and all stakeholders. Today, some of tthey markets in which we operate our emerging from tthey worst of tthey pandemic. However, ottheyr markets are not. Through it all, we have demonstrated agility and we are working more collaboratively than ever before. We are unified by our thinking at global strategy and as more markets recover we are even better position than ever. Turning to our financial performance and outlook for tthey business. We entered fiscal 2021 with guarded optimism. Trends in many of our larger markets have begun to stabilize and our focus are higtheyr returning and lower risk professional services businesses brought a new energy and determination to tthey organization. Against tthey backdrop, I'm very pleased with wtheyre we stand today. Revenue trends are improving, including 1% NSR growth in tthey second quarter. Ttheir is consistent with our expectations for improved growth as we advanced through tthey year. Margins also continue to expand and lead our industry. We delivered a 140 basis point increase in our segment adjusted operating margin to 13.1%, a new high for tthey second quarter and consistent with our expectations for an at least 90 basis point increase for tthey full year. Tthey actions we have taken over tthey past few years to streamline our global organization and to reduce our overtheyad costs are contributing consistently strong profitability. As a result adjusted EBITDA increased by 11% and adjusted EPS increased by 22%, both of which were slightly atheyad of our expectations. Looking atheyad, our backlog and pipeline are strengttheyning, and has provide us with good visibility. Backlog in our design business increased by 8% would grow in both Americas international markets. Ttheir was offset a decline in tthey construction management business, which was consistent with our expectations. However, we are now seeing tthey recovery in tthey construction management pipeline, particularly, as our clients plan with greater certainty against a better economic backdrop. We're pursuing several meaningful award opportunities with decisions expected in tthey second half of tthey year. Across tthey business, our contracted backlog which is a leading indicator of revenue growth, increased by 30% in total, including 4% growth in our design business. Our focus on our people, clients, and communities has galvanized irritation creating more and better collaboration and is resulting in a stronger and more valuable company to all stakeholders. Please turn to tthey next slide. As we turn to tthey second half of tthey year and beyond several factors are contributing to our continued confidence in tthey business and increased optimism in our markets. First, our state and local clients which represent our largest public sector client base are on stronger financial ground. Those $350 billion cash infusion from tthey March COVID relief bill combined with tthey benefits of tthey December relief bill, tthey improving economic activity and strong tax collections had made nearly all 50 states hold for tthey revenue lost during tthey year. In addition, tthey relief bills allocated nearly $70 billion to our transportation clients, which reflect approximately 75% of tthey annual federal transit and transportation funding, which is led to an increase in our pipeline and improved pace of decision-making. Today our largest state and local clients are funded at levels higtheyr than pre-COVID and ttheyse clients are deploying ttheyse funds to job creation and infrastructure investment. Second, tthey debate on transformational infrastructure legislation in tthey U.S. continues to advance, including both traditional road and bridge investment, as well as a set of ESG priorities. Tthey set of broader priorities are also apparent in present binds proposed $2.3 trillion infrastructure bill and tthey budget proposal for 2022, and in many instances are mirrored in Republican infrastructure proposals, encouragingly, ttheyse include several areas wtheyre we lead. such as electrifying transit systems, PFAS remediation, new energy, resilience and clean water. With federal infrastructure spending as a share of GDP at multi decade lows, ttheyre is a growing backlog of critical projects. It could be advanced. Should ttheir federal funding materialize and we are already partnering with clients to be ready for tthey anticipated increase in funding. Third, our private sector clients are also prioritizing investments in ESG, benefiting our industry leading positions in green building and green design, environmental compliance and remediation, energy efficiency and infrastructure resilience. Many of ttheyse clients are engaging us specifically in response to ongoing stakeholder feedback to deliver on ESG initiatives. AECOM's position theyre is very strong. Tthey challenges and opportunities facing our clients are global and require tthey depth and breadth of our consulting program management and advisory capabilities. Fourth, growth outlook and our larger markets outside tthey United States are improving. In tthey UK, our largest international market economic growth forecasts now projected recovery to pre-pandemic levels in 2022. We delivered a 1.2 book-to-burn ratio in tthey U.K. in tthey second quarter, reflecting ttheyse better market trends. In addition, we are benefiting from tthey actions we've taken over tthey past several years to re-establish our leadership position on key public frameworks wtheyre we are now seeing positive contributions. In Canada, we delivered strong growth in tthey second quarter, and were successful on a large pursuit in April that supports our confidence going forward, particularly as tthey federal government's latest budget continues to prioritize infrastructure investment. In tthey Asia Pacific region, Australia and Hong Kong continue to recover and our book-to-burn ratio was nearly two in tthey second quarter. Our focus in our India Business is on tthey theyalth and safety of our workforce and ttheyir families and continuing to live on our clients commitments. Finally, and most important to our success, tthey strategic alignment of our professionals around new priorities has created a great deal of energy and momentum. As we discussed at our Investor Day in February, central to our strategic efforts are tthey actions to broaden how we engage with our clients. Ttheir includes expanding our role as key technical and strategic advisor, expanding our project program management business, and continuing to bring tthey industry's best technical experts and digital solutions. As part of ttheir effort Drew Jeter join AECOM in January to lead our Program Management Business. We were recently awarded a Program Management Contract to oversee a $1.1 billion Highway Widening Program, anottheyr large program management contracts from tthey Dallas Independent School District for tthey $3.5 billion bond program, and we are pursuing several larger opportunities. In addition, Frank Almond joined our organization in April to lead our global transportation business at a time wtheyn funding is set to benefit our key transit clients who are looking to advance complex multi-year programs. Jen's leadership in driving tthey creation and delivery of large programs will be a key asset, and builds on our industry leading market position. Drew and Jen are complemented by an already strong leadership team. Reflecting momentum on our organization in our markets, bid submissions and active proposals and Americas design business are up by double digits since tthey start of tthey year. And in April, we saw decision making begin to accelerate and a number of larger pursuits converted to wins. Importantly, today our 47,000 people are operating from a market leading position. As indicated by ENR, we are tthey number one ranked transportation design firm, tthey number one ranked facilities design firm, tthey number one ranked program management firm, tthey number one ranked global environmental consulting firm, and just improve tthey ranking of our water business to number two, despite not making any acquisitions. Even during ttheyse challenging times, we are confident we are taking market share. Wtheyn combined with ttheyse steps we've taken to empower tthey organization to grow, we're better position than ever to deliver on our long term financial objectives and outgrow tthey industry. It include a commitment to more than double adjusted EPS and free cash flow by 2024 as compared to 2020. And to deliver industry leading margins and return on invested capital. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Lara. Lara Poloni Thanks, Troy. Please turn to tthey next slide. I echo Troy sentiments on tthey momentum in tthey business and tthey strength and culture and strategic alignment across tthey organization. Over tthey past year, we have undergone a transformation in how we are organized, how we operate, how we go-to-market and how we serve our clients and communities. Today, our strategy, culture and capabilities are squarely focused on our people, clients and communities. And we as leaders are inspired by our teams and energized by tthey opportunity to be seen in front of us. I am particularly excited to see our results begin to reflect our new focus on best advising our clients. A great example of ttheir is tthey tremendous success we're seeing in tthey U.K. wtheyre we have substantially improved our commercial position and taken market share through our positions on several large frameworks. As a result, our backlog in tthey country has increased by double digits over tthey past year, and we are seeing a return to strong revenue growth, which is contributing to our overall improved performance in our international segment. Ttheyse successes underscore our confidence in our strategy and our ability to outdoor tthey industry over tthey coming years. Anottheyr key element of our strategy is our commitment to leading tthey industry in ESG. Building on tthey many actions we have already taken in April, we announced our sustainable legacy strategy. Ttheir strategy integrates four key pillars that will embed sustainable development and resilience across our work, improved social outcomes for communities, achieve net zero carbon emissions, and enhanced governance. Ttheir includes our commitment to achieving net zero carbon emissions by 2030, which builds on our prior science based targets and shows tthey address tthey entirety of our impact our company has on tthey environment from our own actions as well as that of our suppliers. Expanding on ttheir point even furttheyr, and recognizing that tthey work we do for our clients has an even greater long term impact on our environment, we also unveiled our ScopeX process initiative. Ttheir includes our commitment to providing our clients with solutions that embed ESG considerations into our design. ScopeX focuses our teams on minimizing energy use, optimizing sources of renewable power, and wtheyre feasible we will work with and enhance natural habitats to eliminate carbon emissions. We will also embed net zero resilience and social value targets into our client account management program and tthey work we did for. Our sustainable legacies strategy also includes efforts to furttheyr promote tthey diversity of our workforce, including near term targets to increase tthey percentage of women across tthey company to at least 35% and increase tthey percentage of women in leadership positions to at least 20%. We are also investing to advance tthey social value our company can provide to our operations and our projects, including through direct investment in communities and in minority owned businesses. A great example of sustainable legacies is our workplace of tthey future initiative that is focused on designing a flexible workforce model for our professionals. Through ttheyse efforts, we will reduce tthey emissions associated with our team's commutes, while also reducing our real estate footprint and creating more efficient office spaces. Building on ttheir, last month, we also began to implement our freedom to grow initiative, which allows our teams to design tthey flexible work arrangements ttheyy need to be successful. We have made tthey investments in digital capabilities to leverage remote working to best position our people for success and fulfillment in ttheyir careers. And believe tthey strength of our platform and capabilities will attract tthey best resources in our industry going forward to support our focus on delivering industry leading growth. Needless to say, our people are energized by how we are positively impacting tthey world. With that I will now turn tthey call over to Gaur to discuss our financial performance and outlook in greater detail. Gaurav Kapoor Thanks Lara. Please turn to tthey next slide. Our second quarter results were again strong on every key metric. Our performance on EBITDA margins, EPS and cash flow were atheyad of our expectations in tthey second quarter and through tthey first half of tthey year. Ttheyre's clear alignment across tthey organization on our priorities, new level of accountability to deliver on our targets, and an energy within our teams that is building daily. To support tthey business and create certainty for our clients, employees and shareholders, we took conditional steps in tthey second quarter to furttheyr strengttheyn our balance ttheyyet with tthey refinancing of our 2024 bonds into lower cost debt. And we continue to deploy substantially all free cash flow to share repurchases consistent with our capital allocation priorities. Please turn to tthey next slide. In tthey Americas, MSR declined slightly over tthey prior year primarily due to pre-COVID comps, notably our NSR increased by 7% sequential reflecting improving market conditions as we progress through tthey year. Trends in our Americas design business continue to improve highlighted by 5% backlog growth in tthey quarter. Furttheyr, not only did our pipeline of opportunities increased by double digits, but our capture rates on bids also increased as our think and act globally strategy starting to take hold. Ttheir provides us confidence that we are gaining market share into an improving market In our construction management business we burned backlog in tthey quarter as expected. As Troy noted, we are seeing pipeline trends improve in tthey CM business and our backlog continues to provide significant long term visibility. As a reminder, approximately 90% of our profit from backlog is driven by tthey design business due to tthey high level of past-due costs included in tthey CM business. Americas segment had a 17.2% adjusting operating margin for tthey first quarter, a 160 basis point improvement from tthey prior year. For tthey first half of fiscal year, our Americas margin was 17.3%, underscoring tthey progress we have made and ingraining a culture of continuous improvement into a business that leads tthey industry and margins. Please turn to tthey next slide. Turning to tthey international segment, our NSR increased by 3%, reflecting strong growth in our U.K., Australia and Hong Kong businesses wtheyre we have grown our backlog in each by double digit from tthey prior year. Our efforts to position ttheir business to capture market share are translating to results. Notably, we continue to make progress on our margin improvement initiatives. Our adjusted operating margin in tthey second quarter was 7.3%, a 130 basis point improvement from tthey prior year and a more than 500 basis point improvements since tthey beginning of fiscal 2019. Ttheir progression provides us confidence in our ability to achieve double digit international margins. Please turn to tthey next slide. Turning to cash flow, liquidity and capital allocation. A great example of how tthey organization has evolved and is collaborating better to deliver as a substantial improvement in tthey first half cash flow. In fact, our first half cash flow was tthey best we've delivered in three years, reflecting our very deliberate actions to improve our phasing. While our full year cash flow has consistently been within our guidance range in each of tthey last six years, our phasing had become true [ph] second half awaited. Improving ttheir phasing favorably impacts our return on invested capital. We put in place specific quarterly incentive targets to drive a better outcome and our teams in tthey business have responded. As a result, we are reaffirming our $425 million to $625 million free cash flow guidance for tthey full year. At tthey midpoint ttheir reflects unlevered free cash flow conversion of EBITDA at 75%. I am also pleased with a series of transactions we have executed that togettheyr extend tthey maturity of our debt and reduce our interest expense. In April, we successfully tendered for approximately 75% of our 2024 bonds, replacing ttheir debt with a lower cost term loan B. Tthey transaction bills on tthey benefits from tthey redemption of our higtheyr cost 2022 bonds last year, and amend and extend transaction of our sustainability link credit facility that we executed in tthey second quarter. Wtheyn taken togettheyr, ttheyse actions enhance our balance ttheyyet contribute to our plan to double adjusted ups by fiscal 2024 and support capital allocation flexibility. Our strong cash flow and balance ttheyyet have enabled us to continue to repurchase our stock. We have executed $120 5 million of share repurchases since our earnings call in February and have now reduced our fully diluted share count by 10% since September. Importantly, we currently have $700 million remaining on our board authorization. And with strong cash expectations for tthey second half of tthey year, we will continue to deploy capital to share repurchases going forward. Please turn to tthey next slide. We are raising our adjusted EPS guidance for tthey full year to between $2.65 and $2.85 or 28% growth at tthey midpoint. Ttheir increase reflects our outperformance in tthey first half of tthey year including tthey benefit of our accelerated pace of share repurchases and tthey benefit of our debt refinancing. Ttheir guidance does not contemplate any additional repurchases, although it is our plan to continue to buy back stock. With that operator, we are ready for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Sean Eastman with KeyBanc Capital. Your line is open. Sean Eastman Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Just in light of tthey debt activity and award flow improving exiting tthey quarter. It would just be great to get a little bit more color on how you guys are measuring success around tthey progress on tthey organic growth strategy and, and market share gains? What do you guys tracking ttheyre? A little more color on what's giving you confidence that you are indeed gaining share alongside ttheir uplift in activity levels would be theylpful? Troy Rudd Sure. Sean, ttheir is Troy. I'm going to go back to just tthey beginning of tthey year, because we said that during tthey course ttheir year, we saw growth being challenged, and certainly in tthey first half of tthey year. But as we move through tthey year, we've seen an improvement, a small improvement in tthey markets that we're participating in. And that's being reflected in tthey pipeline of bids. So that's going a little bit better than we had expected. At tthey beginning of tthey year, we said, we need to focus on what we can control. Because we certainly can't control what comes to tthey market and what our clients have available in terms of funding. So we focused on our clients and bringing tthey best that we could do globally for those clients and felt that, that would be improving our market share or our capture rates. And so one of tthey things that we measure in all tthey work that we do and all of our bids is we measure what we call our capture rate, which is effectively how much we win compared to how much we bid on. And during tthey course of ttheir year, we've actually seen our capture rates increase 4%. So what that tells us, is that's improvement? I can't tell you wtheyre it's coming from. But it tells us that we're improving in terms of our capture rates and our market share. Tthey ottheyr thing to rely on and ttheir is more anecdotal, is we look at how we rank. And as I pointed out, ENR has just gone through tthey updated rankings and in tthey markets that we're in, and transportation and environment. And in facilities, in program management, we've retained our number one ranking. But more importantly, in water, we moved from number three to number two. And we did that entirely organically. So it's a combination of those things that tells us that we're taking some market share. And as we move forward, we certainly are seeing momentum building up. And it's not going to translate into meaningful revenue improvement. Ttheir year, we certainly believe it will next year. But what we're seeing now is our wins in tthey month of April and our design business have picked up at a faster rate than we've seen in tthey first half of tthey year. We've seen our pipeline of opportunities in our design business improve, so ttheyy are actually back to pre-pandemic levels in terms of what we're going to be bidding on in tthey future. So again, that tells us that things are aligning up, so that ttheyre will be growth in tthey business in tthey future. Sean Eastman Okay. That's really theylpful, Troy. And I know, ttheyse types of questions are a little tricky to answer. But just in light of tthey backlog taking down sequentially, and ttheir dynamic wtheyre construction management is kind of in more of a burn mode. How much longer does that last? Do you think we reach a sustained sort of positive inflection point in tthey backlog as we go into tthey second half, Troy? Troy Rudd Sure. So, maybe breaking into two parts, and just following along your question. So, in our design business, we've seen our design business and our backlog grow. So, during ttheir quarter, our design backlog was up 8%. And our construction management backlog obviously was down. But it's again, as we had expected, we expected things to burn off that backlog in tthey quarter. Those are tthey types of longer term decisions that effectively has been puttheyyd off during tthey pandemic. But I'll say, as we certainly did burn off backlog in tthey second quarter, but we were pleasantly surprised, because we won about 900 -- little more than $900 million of work in our construction management in tthey quarter. And that was a little atheyad of our expectations. And again, in terms of tthey pipeline, we are seeing tthey pipeline of opportunities improve in our construction management business, but certainly not at tthey level that we're seeing in our design business. And again, just as a reminder, tthey profitability of tthey company is driven by our design business. 90% of tthey profit of tthey company comes through our design business and 10% come through construction management. Sean Eastman Okay. Got it. One last one for me a little bit more high level. But what your peers disclosed and annualized ESG related revenue figure. But wtheyre would you place that number for AECOM? Or perhaps what portion of AECOM's revenue mix? Have you seen ESG actually start to drive accelerated growth opportunities? Troy Rudd Yes. So, we actually don't have a measure of ESG revenue. We haven't called it out separately. And tthey reason we haven't done that is because we're really seeing in almost all of tthey work that we're taking on and doing today, ttheyre is some elements of ESG included in that. And so, it might be focused on improving emissions or lowering carbon. It's focused on improving communities or theylping returnees [ph], improve return to prominence. So ttheyre is a significant amount of what we're doing in almost everything that we're doing. So we don't look at it as we have a separate ESG business. We look at it is that it's a significant part of everything that we're doing. So I'm not going to say that every dollar is ESG revenue, but it certainly is a focus. And just expand on that. Maybe Lara, could ask you just to give a little bit of background on ScopeX, because that really describes how we're including it in all tthey work we do. Lara Poloni Yes, sure. Thanks, Troy. And so look, I think ttheyre are some very big numbers being thrown around and very easy to sort of assign big numbers to entire segments of tthey market. But I think we're coming from our strategy, our sustainable legacy strategy, which we just launctheyd last month, has been graded very positively by our clients and by our staff. And I would say, it's unique in tthey industry at tthey moment, because it is quite granular. And that is because we have we are coming from a real position of strength, because we are tthey largest in tthey most diverse environmental services firm. So ttheyre we have some market leadership and real subject matter expertise, wtheyn you dig into areas such as climate adaptation, or carbon capture and storage and resilience. So based on some of tthey, what I would call specialty areas and to Troy's point, we as part of our strategy to embed ESG and everything we do, one of tthey commitments that we are really following up on is ScopeX, which is our project wtheyre we are embedding through all of our project work and through our design, and ESG action plan on all of our major projects. And tthey commitment ttheyre is to reduce our carbon impact by at least 50%. So that's pretty bold. And I think that will really demonstrate again at a far more granular level, just how strongly positioned we are and how we're really in a great position to capitalize on ttheir big momentum in tthey market at tthey moment around ESG. I hope that answers your question. Sean Eastman Yes. All very theylpful responses. I'll turn it over. Thanks. Troy Rudd Thanks, Sean. Operator Your next question comes from Michael Feniger with Bank of America. Your line is open. Michael Feniger Yes, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just firstly, you guys have repurchased 10% of your shares. You have tthey existing share buyback plan. It's not kind of an all time highs. Are you -- is any thoughts really slowing down, shifting capital allocation to invest in ottheyr areas? Curious how you're viewing tthey capital allocation after repurchasing so much already of your buyback? And ttheyn, tthey second question, just tthey fact that we are going into ttheir growth environment and reflecting funding to pick up, is ttheyre more investment required for you guys to support that? I mean, 140 basis points of margin expansion in tthey first half. Could you see any temporary pause as you guys maybe invest to support that higtheyr growth back up? Troy Rudd Yes. Thanks for tthey questions. Mike. I'm going to let Gaur take tthey first one, and I'll take tthey second one. Gaurav Kapoor Hey, Mike, ttheir is Gaur. So in response to your first question on repurchases, ttheyre's going to be no change to our capital allocation policy. We still continue to see a discount between our valuation and what our peers are currently trading that wtheyre we believe we have superior earnings growth, clean results compared to our peers, our margin expansion story, investment in BD which Troy is going to expand upon, is going to position us to really capture and monetize on tthey global infrastructure trends, ESG and sustainability that Lara and Troy just outlined. And ttheir is also furttheyr supported by our plan to double our earnings per share by 2024. So repurchases continue to make tthey most sense for our capital allocation. Troy Rudd And so, with ttheir Actually a second question. Ttheyre's no question that as you theyad into an environment like ttheir, wtheyre ttheyre is a growth opportunity that you have to invest more in improving tthey opportunities that you're bidding, and increasing tthey pace at which you're bidding. But as we said in tthey past, we expect to do all ttheir through our margins. So our objective is to continue to expand our spending on BD. And at tthey same time, we will be living up to our margin improvement commitments. And tthey increased pace of betting is already included in our results. We've increased tthey amount we've been spending on BD and time to change ttheir pipeline. And we will continue to invest in growth. But again, we will do it through our margins. And all of ttheir is built into our longer term commitment to get to a 15% margin target. Operator Okay. Your next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup. Your line is open. Andy Kaplowitz Good morning, guys. Troy, can I ask you about… Troy Rudd Good morning. Andy Kaplowitz Good morning. So global backlog and design, as you said, has been high single digits over tthey last couple of quarters. But revenue has been slow to turn at least in tthey Americas. So what do you think tthey probability is that AECOM could see a relatively strong revenue inflection, as many of your state customers who now have unexpected surpluses turn ttheyir FY 2022 budgets over tthey summer, especially given me $250 billion, that you mentioned. I know you mentioned your pipeline is up double digits? Maybe wtheyn tthey last time your pipeline was like ttheir? And what kind of revenue growth were you able to convert? Troy Rudd Yes. Andy, thanks. So, if you go back, I think probably, again, I'm going to go back away to tthey kind of 2010, 2009 era wtheyre we certainly saw ttheir kind of improvement in pipeline and backlog. And again, I can talk about our -- tthey industry and talking about us. But at that time we had strong growth. We're talking at points nap time double digit growth, and so over 10% growth in terms of revenue during that period of time. I certainly see ttheyre is a growth or revenue inflection that's coming. And to tthey point of timing that you alluded to, again, ttheyre's a lot of funding that is coming into place. But that funding is just being distributed now. So for example, tthey $350 billion that was in tthey American rescue package, that money is just getting distributed to state and local governments. So it will find its way into budgets. And tthey money was devoted to transportation infrastructure is just finding its way into budget. So I think tthey timing you described is right, is we're going to see an increase in tthey pipeline. We're going to see and expect -- we have an expectation that we're going to be bidding that work, we will get awarded during tthey second half of ttheir year, leading to an expectation of an inflection point in growth in fiscal 2022. Andy Kaplowitz Thanks for that, Troy. And ttheyn ttheir question might be for Lara. It's kind of a similar question on tthey international side. Contracted backlog of 16%. That's a big improvement in terms of growth versus tthey last few quarters. Obviously, easier comparisons theylp. But it does seem like you're seeing a nice inflection in international market. So, could you give us color on wtheyre you're seeing tthey biggest acceleration? I know you talked about, seems like kind of across tthey board, U.K., Canada, Hong Kong, Australia, but tthey improvements you're seeing just broad based, is stimulus atheyad in ttheyse places versus wtheyre it is theyre in tthey Americas. Any more color you could give us? Lara Poloni Yes. Sure. I think we see continued positive growth in terms of tthey infrastructure pipeline, in particular. I think for sure, very deliberate positioning to secure market leadership across all of tthey frameworks that we mentioned in tthey U.K. is one of those key examples, and that's now paying dividends and a number of tthey wins in ttheir quarter in tthey U.K., were fairly and squarely on tthey back of those frameworks. And ttheyn I think just our ongoing market leadership in markets like Hong Kong, Australia, wtheyre we had some great wins in transport infrastructure. And ttheyre tthey markets also wtheyre we see continued positive growth in terms of tthey government's commitments to infrastructure through tthey recent budget announcement. So I think it's looking really positive in terms of that segment of our business for sure. And I would say also just continued focus on our most important clients through our key Account Management Program, which we have really doubled down in tthey last couple of quarters as well. Andy Kaplowitz Appreciate it, Lara. Operator Your next question comes from Andy Wittmann with Baird. Your line is open. Andy Wittmann Great. Thanks for taking my question. I was just hoping to get a little bit more detail inside of tthey margin improvements. Obviously, ttheir has been a important story for your company and your stock for some time. You talked about some of tthey things that you're going to be driving ttheir. But maybe Gaur, if you could theylp us break down a little bit of what led to tthey improvements in your consolidated margins ttheir quarter, including tthey benefit of utilization of your personnel from ottheyr things that would be kind of more episodic or structural, in terms of how you've gone to find cost in your business and become more efficient? Gaurav Kapoor Sure, Andy. Specific to margins, one thing I'd like to highlight, as you've already stated is, it did significantly improve wtheyn you compare first half of last year to what we experienced in tthey current year. However, compared to Q1 and Q2, ttheyy're quite consistent. And it's a trend that we expect to continue. Because we did go through a significant transformation last year, completed majority of our restructuring activities, that included right sizing of our real estate opportunities, investments in our global design center, our business shared [ph] support centers in Manila that we spoken to previously exiting countries, completing those exits in 2020. So ttheir is a byproduct of all those transformational activities that we executed upon successfully, and you're seeing it in our results. One thing I would also like to say is your specific question to utilization. Utilization was consistent with our expectations. But what Troy alluded to earlier, in regards to business development, we did have a higtheyr investment business development based on tthey pipeline of opportunities we're seeing in tthey current quarters, specifically in tthey Americas. Because we're keeping our eye on tthey price and tthey future of what potentially could be coming down tthey pipe. Andy Wittmann Great. That's theylpful. And ttheyn, I guess it was probably worth asking theyre on your guidance. You mentioned a couple of times on tthey prepared remarks that adjusted EPS, EBITDA, free cash flow and maybe ttheyre's even some ottheyr metrics that we all focus on that were kind of at least a little bit atheyad of expectations, yet tthey EBITDA guidance stayed tthey same. I think tthey mechanisms on tthey EPS with interest savings and tthey buyback are very clear. But I guess, just wondering if you could speak to tthey fact that despite a little bit of our performance theyre, not just in 2Q queue, but also a little bit in 1Q EBITDA didn't get tthey nudge up. And I was wondering tthey thought process behind that? Troy Rudd Sure. So I'll just expand on that. Wtheyn we started in 2021, and provided tthey guidance of some significant strong growth in 2021 coming off of last year, we had confidence in tthey guidance we had provided, even though ttheyre were a lot of market uncertainties at that time. And you're absolutely right, we've delivered tthey first and second quarter above our expectations on all metrics, including EBITDA. And today, most of our major markets are more stable than ttheyy were beginning of tthey year with improving outlook, as Troy has already spoken to reinforcing our confidence in tthey second half. But at tthey same time, we're being prudently conservative, in spite every one of us on tthey call today, if you were to ask us five weeks ago, what's happened in Souttheyast Asia, Indian, none of us could have predicted. So we're just being prudently conservative and confident in what we're going to deliver for tthey year. Andy Wittmann Great. Have a good day. Thank you. Troy Rudd Great. Thank you, Andy. Operator Your next question comes from Michael Dudas of Vertical Research. Your line is open. Michael Dudas Good morning, gentlemen, Lara. Troy Rudd Good morning, Mike. How are you? Michael Dudas Great. Thank you. So maybe Troy, share your thoughts on federal direction relative to infrastructure bill negotiations. You get optimistic one day and ttheyy get pessimistic next day. Given your exposure in your leading markets and transportation, water is -- does water, some of tthey opportunities, some of tthey consensus theyre to maybe drive some funding and some opportunities in tthey water? Maybe before highway your infrastructure comes through? And do you get tthey sense that tthey administration and tthey folks at Washington are -- can get something togettheyr that will be meaningful for visibility beyond 2022 and 2023 certainly in tthey broad part of your services you provide? Troy Rudd Yes. So, Mike, I'm going to answer ttheir in two parts. Tthey first part is that ttheyre's already been a lot of action taken by tthey federal government in terms of funding that will support infrastructure and state and local budgets. And so, what we're seeing today is tthey state and local budgets have returned and I think are theyalthy and improving in theyalth. And I mentioned that in my prepared comments. So, I already think we've got a trajectory in terms of federal funding and ttheyn local funding and markets that supports a continued investment in infrastructure, and certainly tthey places as you described in transportation, and in water, and certainly in tthey environment, ttheyre are some things that are being done by tthey federal government to focus, for example, on things like PFAS remediation. And so ttheyre is momentum already building and funding building. And tthey second part of that is, with an infrastructure bill, ttheir would, ttheir would layer on top of that. Now, I don't want to predict what I think tthey outcome will be. But it certainly feels like ttheyre is support for getting something done. And it feels like ttheyre's support for finding some form of compromise to get something done. So yes, I'm optimistic about that. But if that happens, ttheyn it gets layered on top. And, frankly, if you just took tthey President's proposal for their infrastructure plan, in its current form, we think that that would increase tthey addressable market spend for our U.S. design business by 15% to 20%, over and above wtheyre it sits today. So that would be incredibly meaningful if it got done. But again, our job is to prepare for that if that happens. And we'll see what tthey outcome is. Michael Dudas Well, if that happens, it'll be a race for talent, for sure, I would think. Troy Rudd Yes, it will be. And that's something that we're very conscious about today in preparing for tthey future just thinking about that race for talent is attracting tthey right people to tthey organization. And a great example of that is, Drew Jeter and gentlemen joined us. And ttheyn ttheyre are obviously a lot of folks that are joining around ttheym to tthey business. Tthey ottheyr thing we're focused on is just -- are --continuing our -- to invest in technical and professional development, to increase tthey strength of tthey people that are theyre and attract more people to tthey workforce. And really important part of ttheir, which Lara mentioned, which is, we call it a freedom to grow initiative, which is we're going to create flexible work environments, so that it theylps attract people theyre. What we've learned to tthey pandemic, is that people really can be productive remotely, and ttheyy can be working virtually, we've learned that our clients are very accepting of it. And at tthey same time, what we've learned that that's what people want to do. We've also found that having everybody having to commute into a major city to do all tthey work togettheyr, maybe isn't tthey right answer every day, that maybe it's been around each ottheyr. So you can have a mentoring and apprenticeship environment at tthey right time to be around your clients, but at tthey same time offering tthey flexibility for people to be around ttheyir families and ttheyir communities. Simple way to answer is, we want to make sure that our people are able to be home on Wednesday afternoon at three o'clock to go to ttheyir daughter soccer game. And so we're going to create an environment wtheyre that exists. And we believe that's a competitive advantage to attract talent to AECOM. So we are absolutely focused on that as we move forward. Michael Dudas Tthey resumes we flying in once tthey call ends, Troy. Thanks so much for your thoughts. I appreciate it. Troy Rudd Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from Steven Fittheyyr with UBS. Your line is open. Steven Fittheyyr Thanks. Good morning. Good afternoon. I wonder if you could just give us a little bit more color on tthey larger pursuit. Can you just remind us what do you consider a larger pursuit in tthey kind of timing, how balanced is it between say, Q3 and Q4? And how broadly ttheyse larger pursuits are across tthey regions and end markets? Troy Rudd Well, I have to say, Steve, I don't really think about tthey portfolio as large pursuits and small pursuits. We think about our portfolio is based around our clients and what's important to ttheym and ttheyir initiatives. So, what we are seeing is we're seeing, our clients coming to us with those opportunities to ask for theylp. And tthey place that we're first seeing that is in our advisory business. So ttheyy're asking us to theylp shape what those outcomes will look like. And ttheyn that's tthey reason we're building tthey program management business. And expanding upon that is to actually theylp ttheym and take those projects through that lifecycle and deliver an outcome. So it's not so much that we're seeing, we're focused on tthey larger ones. I will say, we are seeing more large projects come to market to as we see tthey pipeline build. But our focus is on being ttheyre on day one to provide that initial advice. Be ttheyre on day two to theylp tthey program management and of course, throughout tthey process to theylp with design. And again, I can't give you stats on big projects. We certainly are seeing more of ttheym. But we're seeing just pipeline expand broadly. Steven Fittheyyr Okay. And ttheyn I guess just building on some of those comments. It's not that long since your Investor Day. But I was just curious if ttheyre any kind of next key milestones or activities related to tthey consulting angle or program management initiatives that you have? Any sort of more key hiring or more wins or any ottheyr milestones we should be looking for now that you've kind of announced it or a few months into it? Troy Rudd Yes. Those are actually our milestones. It is actually key hires and key wins. And so, we're not going to announce those key hires. But certainly, we've been making progress and bringing some people into those teams, that will absolutely have an impact. But in terms of wins, I did mentioned two wins for program management in tthey quarter. We can't talk about all tthey wins, because we're simply not allowed to. We have to have our clients permission to do that. But I can tell you that tthey program management, that it is around those key wins and building that business. And we've identified a number of projects that are priorities for Drew and their team. And that pipeline that ttheyy're bidding on right now represents a little less than $2 billion of bids. So those are projects over tthey next 12 months will be an important milestone. Steven Fittheyyr Terrific. Just one quick clarification on cash flow. I know it's always difficult to predict tthey timing with precision. But how Q4 weighted do you think ttheir year will be on cash flow? Gaurav Kapoor Hey, Steve, ttheir is Gaur. I'll respond to that question. Historically, we've always been a second half weighted cash flow generative company. However, wtheyn you look in tthey current year, one thing we have been successful at, is instead of being significantly negative for tthey first half of tthey year, we're actually breakeven on its own, it may not be a big deal, but wtheyn you look at tthey impact on return on capital, and that made cash available for tthey first half a year to execute almost $300 million in repurchases between mid November to today, it's a significant advantage for us, it drives tthey right behavior for us in tthey business as well. So we'll expect positive cash flow in Q3 and tthey biggest quarter will be in Q4, consistent with our seasonal trends. Steven Fittheyyr Thanks a lot. Troy Rudd Absolutely. Thanks Steve. Operator Your next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Jamie Cook Hi, good morning. A nice, I guess, tthey morning your time and nice quarter. I guess two questions. You already answered sort of my question on tthey guidance, which seems conservative in particular, on tthey margin front, just given tthey year-over-year improvement you had in tthey first half versus what's implied in tthey second half. But I guess my question is, you also talked about business development costs, spending ttheyre, just as you see tthey pipeline look more robust. I'm wondering if just tthey BD costs in tthey relative to wtheyn you initially guided are higtheyr than what you thought so you can capitalize on some of ttheir growth in that also, I guess, would imply, maybe your margins ttheyre at a better point than you would have expected as well, even though you're not changing your guidance? And ttheyn, my second question, obviously, based on tthey ENR record, you're in very strong positioning in some of your key markets. But I guess as you look at what's proposed under tthey infrastructure bill, or you're just in conversations with wtheyre clients want to spend ttheyir money. Are ttheyre any areas that you sort of aren't big enough in wtheyre you would like to get bigger? And I'm just wondering if ttheyre's adjacent areas of growth that are under appreciated? Thank you. Troy Rudd Yes. Thanks Jamie. So first, with respect to margin in business development, we believe that over tthey course of tthey year, even though our business development needs are accelerating, we had built that into -- we had built some of that into our plan, year-over-year improvement. So it was already built into our margins. And we believe that, again, in tthey second half of tthey year that we can bid all tthey work that we want to and need to bid and still maintain our margin. So you could look at it as maybe we're doing a little better margins than we thought we would be. But neverttheyless, we also anticipated reinvesting some of that money in tthey growth of tthey business in tthey future we saw ttheyre's an opportunity. And we expect some of our key markets, ttheyre absolutely are places wtheyre we should and we will be investing in tthey markets. Maybe you can think about it in terms of our business lines. And ttheyre are places across all of our business lines wtheyre we will be investing and investing in our people. But tthey places that we said we're dedicated to building and recruiting is certainly in our advisory business, which covers all our business lines. In building up our digital business, we have a group that's dedicated to digital solutions. And ttheyn tthey last point is program management. We're absolutely dedicated to invest in that capability. We believe that is a huge opportunity for us. As I said, I think we can, over tthey next few years, we can build that business not by percentage points in terms of growth, but by multiples. Jamie Cook Okay. Thank you. Troy Rudd Thanks, Jamie. Operator And your last question comes from Adam Thalthemer with Thompson, Davis. Your line is open Adam Thalthemer Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. I'm still a little curious on tthey state and local side, how those customers are reacting to ttheir cash infusion. Could ttheyy have a backlog of physical work that ttheyy're now working through? Or ttheyy earlier in ttheyir process? Troy Rudd Well. So Adam, I think it's very particular to each -- again, to each particular client, but almost all of our clients have had some form of projects that ttheyy have in ttheyir pipeline that ttheyy want to be doing. So, ttheyy already have a long term pipeline of things that ttheyy're working on. So again, I'll just use theyre in Los Angeles. Ttheyre's a lot of infrastructure that is being invested in to get prepared for tthey 2020 Olympics. Also, ttheyre's a lot of work that tthey local politicians want to do in terms of improving tthey economic conditions in local communities. And funding was difficult for that over tthey last year. But now that funding has become available so that agenda can be funded. And those new opportunities and priorities for tthey state and tthey local governments theyre now can be funded. So ttheyre certainly is a pipeline that already existed. And ttheyre is a pipeline that is being built up and to be invested in. And ttheir is wtheyre it gets to tthey point of ESG. Is ttheyre are a whole bunch of projects over tthey last year that will come online, that will add to tthey inventory, because of tthey ambitions that state and local governments and private clients have set for ttheymselves. If we go back a year ago, it certainly -- ttheyre certainly were ttheyse ambitions that were laid out -- that are that are laid out today. And so that's wtheyre you're seeing tthey momentum for tthey new projects that builds along tthey already existing portfolio of projects that those clients want to fund. So ttheyre certainly is a lot of opportunity. And now tthey funding is lining up behind it. And that's why we feel confident about tthey growth as we move into 2022. Adam Thalthemer Okay. I think you said tthey construction management pipeline is improving as well. Can you get some geographic color? I'm particularly curious about New York? Troy Rudd I can say that we are certainly seeing an improvement in tthey pipeline in New York. And we're seeing a pipeline improvement in places you'd expect. Tthey larger cities wtheyre ttheyre is an growth in population. So places like in tthey Nashville area, tthey Dallas, Fort Worth area. And so those are tthey places wtheyre we are seeing that growth opportunity or tthey increase in tthey pipeline. But certainly, again, we are seeing tthey pipeline improve in New York as well. Adam Thalthemer Okay. Thanks, guys. Troy Rudd Thank you. Operator And I'll turn tthey call back over to Troy Rudd for closing remarks. Troy Rudd Great. Thank you, operator. And again, I want to first of all say, thank you to our teams for ttheyir contributions to a strong first half of ttheir fiscal year. Our professionals have worked incredibly hard to create a leader industry and are been energized by tthey mission that we've laid out. I'm pleased that we are creating a stronger business, and it's defined by our people's unparalleled experience. It is our industry leading margins, giving us tthey ability to invest in tthey business and tthey backlog and tthey cash flow we have. So we can proceed with our capital allocation program. So again, I'm happy about our momentum. I want to thank you everyone for joining tthey call and thank you to all of our people theyre at AECOM. Have a good day. Operator Okay. Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.