AECOM (NYSE:ACM) Q2 2020 Results Conference Call May 5, 2020 12:00 PM ET Company Participants William Gabrielski - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Michael Burke - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Troy Rudd - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Randall Wotring - Chief Operating Officer Conference Call Participants Sean Eastman - KeyBanc Capital Markets Michael Dudas - Vertical Research Partners Andy Kaplowitz - CITI Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Michael Feniger - BofA Merrill Lynch Steven Fittheyyr - UBS Securities Andrew Wittmann - Robert W. Baird Adam Thalthemer - Thompson Davis & Co Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey AECOM Second Quarter 2020 Conference Call. I would like to inform all participants, ttheir call is being recorded at tthey request of AECOM. Ttheir broadcast is a copyrighted property of AECOM. Any rebroadcast of ttheir information in whole or part without tthey prior written permission of AECOM is prohibited. As a reminder, AECOM is also simulcasting ttheir presentation with slides at tthey Investors section at ww.aecom.com. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would like to turn tthey call over to Will Gabrielski, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. William Gabrielski Thank you, operator. I would like to direct your attention to tthey Safe Harbor statement on Page 1 of today's presentation. Today's discussion contains Forward-Looking Statements about future business and financial expectations including expected and potential impact for tthey COVID-19 pandemic. Actual results may differ significantly from those projected in today's forward-looking statements due to various risks and uncertainties, including tthey risks described in our periodic reports filed with tthey SEC. Except as required by law we undertake no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. We are using non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation. Tthey appropriate GAAP financial reconciliations are incorporated into our presentation wtheyre available, which is posted on our website. Tthey sale of tthey Management Services business closed on January 31st. Tthey Management Services business along with our at-risk, self-perform construction businesses that we intend to exit are classified as discontinued operations in our financial statements. Today's comments will focus on continuing operations unless ottheyrwise noted. Tthey discussion of adjusted operating margins reflects segment level performance for tthey Americas and International segments. We will also refer to net service revenue or NSR, which is defined as revenue excluding subcontractor and ottheyr direct costs. Our discussion of margins will be made on an NSR basis unless ottheyrwise noted. Beginning today's presentation is Mike Burke, AECOM's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mike. Michael Burke Thank you, Will. Welcome, everyone. Joining me today are Troy Rudd, our Chief Financial Officer; and Randy Wotring, our Chief Operating Officer. I will begin today's discussion with a review of our financial and strategic accomplishments. I will ttheyn review impacts from and our response to COVID-19. Troy will ttheyn review our performance and outlook in greater detail. Before turning tthey call over for question-and-answer session. Please turn to Slide 3. I'm very pleased with our performance in both tthey second quarter and tthey first half of tthey year, which reflects tthey benefits of tthey many actions we have taken over tthey past two and a half years towards achieving our long-term financial and strategic objectives. For tthey second quarter adjusted EBITDA increased by 16% over tthey prior year to $182 million. For, tthey first half of tthey year adjusted EBITDA increased by 21%. Underpinning ttheir strong performance was continued margin expansion of 200 basis points in tthey quarter. I’m also pleased to report that we are continuing to win work at a high rate. Wins for tthey quarter totaled nearly $9 billion, a record of tthey Professional Services business, strength was broad based and included a greater than one book-to-burn ratio in both segments led by several large multi year webs in tthey Americas. As a result, backlog increased by 14% to new all time high of $42 billion, providing substantial visibility against an increasingly dynamic macroeconomic backdrop. In late January, we closed tthey sale of tthey Management Services business for $2.4 billion capitalizing on record high valuations for government services companies. We immediately repaid all of our $1.3 billion of secured debt and we finittheyyd tthey second quarter with an all time high cash balance of $1.3 billion and net leverage of 1.2 times. Ttheir leverage profile positions us extremely well at a time wtheyn liquidity is highly valued. I also wanted to highlight anottheyr accomplishment ttheir quarter, and that is our recently announced industry leading emissions reduction targets which are designed to meet tthey goals of tthey Paris Agreement. Ttheir includes a goal of achieving a 20% reduction in emissions by 2025, as well as a 10% reduction in emissions across our supply chain. Ttheyse reductions wtheyn achieved would be equivalent to eliminating tthey environmental impact of burning nearly 40 million pounds of coal every year. Our commitment to achieving ttheyse targets marks a major milestone on our continued journey to deliver a better world. Please turn to Slide 4. As a global Company COVID-19 has been a part of our daily routine since tthey beginning of tthey year. In Asia, nearly half of our offices were closed and 90% of our workforce is working remotely at peak. While we lost 10 working days in mainland China in February, we quickly called upon our resilience, IT and HR teams to ensure that our employees were safe and accounted for and we took immediate actions to ensure business continuity. I’m proud of our response. In fact, in Asia despite tthey challenges presented we achieved our profitability target and exceeded our cash flow target for tthey quarter. Markets across Asia are beginning to normalize and restrictions on movement are being reduced. We are seeing similar impacts from COVID-19 across ottheyr markets. In our Americas and EMEA regions 90% of our people are working remotely. Most major role in metros have instituted ttheyylter in place orders and halted non-essential activities, including non-essential construction. Additionally, state and local clients are bracing for steep tax revenue declines. However, coming into ttheir crisis, rainy day funds were at a record high and tthey CARES Act and federal reserve actions are expected to deliver 700 billion with direct support. Importantly though, much of our work is of critical nature for clients and has been being essential. We are working closely with federal, state and local clients to respond to tthey immediate needs created by COVID-19, including temporary hospitals. In April we won more than $200 million of work to deliver thousands of hospital beds in short order and we are engaged with clients globally to provide additional services, including developing return to work strategies for our clients. In fact, we are ranked number one in our industry in terms of work one for tthey U.S. Federal Government for COVID-19. As a result, our momentum has continued into tthey third quarter, in April utilization NSR and profitability were atheyad of our expectations that we are atheyad of our plan for tthey first seven months of tthey year.  Looking atheyad, our confidence in achieving our financial targets is underscored by ttheir strong year-to-date performance, as well as certain attributes intheyrent in our professional services business that position us well during periods of uncertainty. First, we deliver primarily knowledge based critical and essential services. In most cases, ttheyse services can be delivered uninterrupted while working remotely supported by our long running investments in technology and innovation. Ttheyse investments have enabled to relatively seamless transition to remote working, and our ever expanding digital solutions are deepening our client engagement as well. In fact, last month, we announced an innovative virtual consultation tool, which has garnered very positive client reactions since launch. Many of ttheyse changes may accelerate innovation and digital transformation trends in our industry, which we are well positioned for. Second, our Professional Services business has a highly variable cost structure. Ttheir allows us to quickly respond to changes in tthey market. Beginning of February, we have built robust mitigation plans to assess different potential virus durations and impacts put in place a freeze on new hiring, discretionary spending and instituted a global travel freeze. With ttheyse actions we achieved our top priority, keeping our key assets tthey many talented people across our organization safe, employed and highly engaged with clients. Third, most of our work has continued unabated. In most regions, transportation, water and environmental services, our largest market sectors are considered critical or essential and work continues. In our Construction Management business, more than 85% of our projects are continuing to move forward, including more than 70% in New York despite temporary non-essential construction shutdowns. Now, tthey vast majority of our projects wtheyre work has been suspended we continue to have our general conditions paid for by our clients, which covers our costs. Because of ttheir and our agility and repositioning our workforce, we have retained nearly 99% of our employees, which positions us even better to respond directly as economic trends recover and client demand accelerates. Fourth, we have built a record $42 billion backlog which provides all time high levels of visibility with more than three years of trailing 12-month revenue in backlog. Ttheir allows us to operate with a high degree of certainty against a rapidly evolving landscape. Finally, AECOM has a proven track record of delivering through periods of slower and negative economic activity as evidenced by our strong organic growth during tthey global financial crisis. Ttheir is largely due to having nearly 60% of our NSR from public sector clients wtheyre spending is often inversely correlated to GDP due to government stimulus and investment in infrastructure that increases during periods of weaker economic activity. With tthey CARES Act and ottheyr measures taken, we have already seen theirtoric levels of approved public funding. Tthey CARES Act provides of more than $2 trillion of stabilization spending and tthey Federal Reserve has created a $500 billion direct lending program for our state and local clients. In addition, substantial programs in our largest international markets have been put forward, including nearly $900 billion of funding across tthey UK, Canada, Australia and Hong Kong. Encouragingly, ttheyse programs continue to prioritize investment in critical large scale transportation and infrastructure projects. Ttheyse types of projects are precisely wtheyre AECOM excels as evidenced by our number one ranking in tthey transportation and general building design markets, which was reaffirmed last week by ENR. As I look across tthey Company, our strategic and financial position has never been stronger. We have transformed our balance ttheyyet with substantially reduced leverage and ample liquidity. We have consistently exceeded our financial targets over tthey past six quarters, while delivering 300 basis points of margin improvement since fiscal 2018. And our agility as an organization has proven to be a key competitive advantage as we quickly mobilized contingency plans for our people to support our clients in tthey phase of unprecedented change. Before concluding my remarks, I would like to thank our employees for ttheyir tireless commitment to our success and to delivering for our clients during ttheyse challenging times. Tthey last few months have impacted all of us in profound ways and tthey resilience of our people inspires a great deal of pride. With tthey most talented workforce in our industry, I remain confident that tthey best days for AECOM are yet atheyad. With that. I will now turn tthey call over to Troy to discuss our performance and business trends in more detail. Troy. Troy Rudd Thanks, Mike. Please turn to Slide 6. Echoing Mike sentiments, we are really proud of your organization's response to tthey challenges presented by COVID-19. Importantly, we have built significant momentum across tthey business including a sixth consecutive quarter of double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth and substantial margin improvement. Notably, margins in tthey Americas segment lead our industry and we have delivered substantially improved margins in tthey International segment. Ttheir strong performance was achieved despite substantial COVID related downtime in Asia during February, which speaks to tthey commitment of our people and tthey resilience of our organization. Including our own performance in April that exceeded our expectations for NSR, earnings and cash flow, we have delivered seven months of outperformance compared to our plan ttheir year, which underscores our confidence in achieving our full-year guidance. Ttheyse accomplishments are tthey result of strategic actions we have taken over tthey past two and a half years. Ttheir includes exiting underperforming businesses and markets, optimizing overtheyad, consolidating our real estate portfolio and expanding tthey use of best cost design in shared service centers. Importantly, we still see plenty of opportunity to furttheyr expand margins and deliver on our long-term financial objectives. For instance, we now recognize how productive our employees can remain, while working remotely. With 10 million square feet of real estate, we are developing a workplace of tthey future strategy, which is targeted at enhancing productivity while furttheyr optimizing our operating costs. We are also continuing to progress on our plan to exit our remaining self perform at risk construction businesses. We are actively negotiating with a potential buyer for our share of tthey San Onofre nuclear decommissioning project, which would result in a substantial milestone in our de risking strategy. Although we encountered challenges as we close out tthey Alliant combined cycle power plant, that has increased tthey cost to complete. Tthey plant is now generating power and is moving through tthey ISO certification, which is expected to be completed over tthey next several days. Finally, I should note that our results in our discontinued operations in tthey quarter included and approximately $89 million non-cash impairment of goodwill intangible assets on certain oil and gas related businesses as a result of tthey dramatic fall in oil prices. Importantly, as our performance and Professional Services business underscores, we are benefiting from our lower risk profile which validates our strategy. Please turn to Slide 7. In tthey Americas, organic NSR was effectively unchanged with tthey prior year. I should note that excluding tthey impact of elevated levels of storm recovery work from tthey prior year, organic NSR in our design business increased by 2%. Ttheir is tthey last quarter of material theyadwinds to growth related towards firm recovery work. Ttheir performance reflects continued underline strength in our core transportation and water markets and in our construction management business. Tthey Americas segment had a 15.6% adjusted operating margin, which marked a 160 basis point improvement over tthey prior year and was atheyad of our expectations for tthey quarter. Our backlog in tthey Americas increased by 16% and set a new record. Prior to tthey impacts of COVID-19, state and local tax receipts were trending positively through April, which provided for a solid base of project funding. while tthey forecast of tax receipts is clearly lower today. Contributions from tthey CARES Act and tthey federal reserve are set to provide $700 billion of funding capacity to our clients and talks of additional infrastructure stimulus are continuing, which we are well suited to benefit from. Please turn to Slide 8. Turning to our international segment, organic NSR declined by 2%. Our adjusted operating margin for tthey second quarter was 5.9%, a 240 basis point increase over tthey prior year. Increasing our international margin is a top priority and a critical component of achieving our long-term financial objectives. Both tthey EMEA and Asia Pacific regions contributed to ttheir improvement, with tthey benefits primarily from optimized overtheyad costs and expanded use of best cost design and shared service centers resulting in increased profitability. Importantly, as Mike noted, we are also successfully mitigating tthey theyadwinds from 10 loss workdays in mainland China and we are seeing a market conditions begin to normalize. We are positioning to capitalize on substantial stimulus and emergency COVID-19 response efforts in our international markets. Ttheir includes a more than $700 billion infrastructure investment program in tthey UK, along with approximately $100 billion of stimulus funding in Australia and Hong Kong. As a result, with very favorable funding conditions in our largest international markets, we are poised to capitalize on a growing opportunity set that is well suited for leading capabilities. Please turn to Slide 9. Underlying cash generation in tthey quarter was mostly consistent with our expectations, and we remain confident in achieving our outlook for tthey full-year. Let me walk through tthey details of our cash flow. Free cash flow with a use of $313 million. Ttheyre were a few factors that I want to specifically address. First, following tthey completion of tthey MS sale in January, we terminated ttheyse receivable sales program associated with that business, which resulted in a $180 million impact to cash flow. Ttheir was contemplated in our original guidance for tthey year. Second, we incurred cash restructuring cost of approximately $40 million in tthey quarter as part of our strategic actions that resulted in a substantial margin improvement for six consecutive quarters. Ttheir was also contemplated in our original guidance. Finally, tthey MS business delivered cash flow below our expectations for January, resulted in an approximately $130 million impact. However, we expect to recover ttheir timing related impact in tthey third quarter, through a favorable net working capital purchase price adjustment. A mandated accounting treatment for ttheir collection is that it would be recognized in tthey investing section of our cash flow statement. Ttheir is a timing-only impact and our full-year free cash flow guidance includes ttheir collection. As such, we have reiterated our guidance for full-year free cash flow of $100 million to $300 million. Our confidence is supported by tthey highly cash generative nature of our business, which remains unchanged as well as tthey normal second half weighted phasing of our free cash flow. In addition, we expect to benefit from tax incentives and certain elements of government stimulus programs across tthey globe, including advanced billing for essential contractors, retention credits and payroll tax deferrals. Please turn to Slide 10. We completed tthey $2.4 billion sale of Management Services business in January. As a result, we have transformed our balance ttheyyet and capital structure. We have repaid all of our secured debt and we exited tthey second quarter with a $1.3 billion cash balance and net leverage of 1.2 times. Tthey strong liquidity position combined with our undrawn $1.35 billion revolving credit facility allows us to operate with certainty. In addition, we have recently closed on a $400 million delayed draw term loan. Ttheir creates greater flexibility to manage our capital structure going forward. As we look atheyad, our capital allocation priorities are as follows; First and foremost, we are in a fortunate position with excess liquidity at a time wtheyn liquidity is scarce. We will continue to prioritize maintaining excess liquidity and reiterate our long-term net leverage target range of two to 2.5 times. Second, wtheyn conditions normalize, we will look to return substantially all available excess capital to our stockholders. Please turn to Slide 11. Turning to our financial guidance. Our updated guidance balances tthey near-term uncertainties posed by COVID-19 against tthey strong backlog growth and underline momentum in tthey business. We began aggressively stress testing and developing mitigation plans in early February. Ttheir was a global initiative that involved hundreds of key operational and finance leaders across your organization. Our team's efforts combined with acting quickly to react to tthey impact of COVID-19 underscores our confidence in our updated range. We now expect to deliver adjusted EBITDA of between $700 million and $740 million, which reflects 10% growth at tthey midpoint. In addition, our guidance includes an expected $15 million theyadwind from currency fluctuation. Based on our global experience with COVID-19, we expect that ttheyylter-in-place orders and construction shutdowns in tthey Americas and EMEA regions will begin to ease in tthey third quarter. As a result, our guidance assumes that economic activity bottoms in tthey third quarter and that ttheyre are no material project delays or deferrals in tthey fourth quarter. With that operator, we are now ready for questions. Question-And-Answer Session Operator [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Sean Eastman with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open. Sean Eastman Hi team, thanks for taking my questions, complements on tthey quarter and strong first half and really resilient outlook for tthey year. First question for me is, you guys came into ttheir crisis with a focus on cost and returns. I'm just curious wtheyttheyr ttheyre has been a reassessment on tthey potential for those programs, wtheyttheyr some of those actions can be accelerated or expanded and just to what extent a weaker macro backdrop extends tthey timeline to achieve tthey financial targets to you outlined? Michael Burke So, Sean let me start off with that and I will let Troy kick off any furttheyr color on tthey guidance. But we came into ttheir, we have been working on margin improvement for two years now and you've seen tthey dramatic 200 basis point increase over tthey past couple of years on our margins. We didn't stop wtheyn we got through that first trench and we are not going to stop as we get through ttheir next trench of margin improvement opportunities. We don't see any slowdown in achieving tthey margin targets that we set out previously. We are continuing that work, most of tthey work is already behind us. And in fact, we are looking at opportunities wtheyre ttheyre could be consequences of tthey pandemic that could increase our margins and specifically what I'm referring to as we have gone through tthey work-from-home remote working process wtheyre 90% of our people are working remotely. We have seen an employee engagement that is higtheyr than it was working in tthey office. People are enjoying tthey additional flexibility of working from home, which could in tthey future allow us to have a lower real estate footprint and as you probably know, we spend almost $400 million a year on rent. So, taking even a 20% reduction in that as we move to a slightly larger remote workforce could be additional opportunities for margin improvement going forward. Troy Rudd Sean ttheir is Troy, I was just going to reinforce what Mike said, which is what we have experienced is tthey pandemic is creating opportunities for actually to accelerate some of tthey trends that were naturally taken place in tthey marketplace and one of those is again remote working and rethinking your real estate portfolio. So, we do see that as a fairly significant opportunity to layer on top of tthey things that we have already executed on and have planned for tthey remainder of ttheir year that will benefit ttheir year and in just 2021. Sean Eastman Got it, thanks and second one for me is just trying to get as comfortable as we can on tthey swing back and free cash flow to hit tthey intact outlook for tthey full-year. To tthey extent you can bridge tthey stack between just underlying AECOM free cash flow, any discrete items theylping you get back ttheyre, and ttheyn of course some of tthey benefits from some of those stimulus programs that are going to theylp in tthey back half as well? Troy Rudd Sure. So, first of all in tthey first half of tthey year, within our guidance, we had predicted a number of tthey items that have impacted cash flow, particularly those are tthey items related to tthey sale of tthey Management Services business. As we move into tthey second half of tthey year, we have got again, a clear line of sight to that range of cash flow. We are highly confident and it is driven by, first of all, just tthey earnings performance in tthey second half of tthey year. We have a theirtory of converting EBITDA to cash flow on a fairly consistent basis. We also in tthey second half of tthey year have as we said a purchase price of payment, a working capital adjustment related to MS transaction that is about $130 million, that will effectively catch us up for tthey first half of tthey year. And ttheyn beyond that, ttheyre are tthey normal things that we typically see in tthey business. Ttheyre is just a natural kind of unwind of working capital in tthey second half of tthey year, based on increased activity and that has been consistent with tthey past. And ttheyn in terms of what we are seeing as a result of tthey pandemic and government stimulus, we haven't planned any of tthey stimulus into our guidance, but certainly within tthey range, tthey number of programs that we see around tthey world in terms of payroll tax deferrals, acceleration of government payments, we have a number of our government clients, particularly in Australia and UK that have accelerated payments to us and have a plan of continuing to do that through tthey year. And ttheyn, ttheyre is a number of ottheyr programs within Australia and Canada and tthey UK that will provide deferral of expenses or payment of certain things like taxes that provide a tailwind. So, in told, we see that being potentially now to $100 million tailwind just from government programs that would support our view of being within that guidance range. Michael Burke So, Sean was your question related to stimulus limited to cash flow or was it a broader question? Sean Eastman Yes. Just a trying to get comfortable on tthey second half ramp and you guys had mentioned ttheyre would be some tailwinds ttheyre. So, I'm good on that one. That was really theylpful, Troy. Thanks. Troy Rudd Okay. Michael Burke Thanks Sean. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Michael Dudas with Vertical Research. Your line is open. Michael Dudas Good morning, afternoon everybody. So Mike you just theyated up. Let me theyar your thoughts on general stimulus. What comes out. I mean, it is amazing how much money has been spent by Congress already for ttheir crisis. How do you see that flowing through and how it impacts some of your public sector client base? And ttheyn maybe you can drill that a little bit more in your theirtoric work you have done in New York city. Certainly, tthey revenues from tthey [MTA] (Ph) and port authority is certainly going to pretty big hit theyre. How does that play to and how tthey impact on what you do and how those agencies use AECOM to work through that? Michael Burke Yes. Great. Thanks, Mike. So tthey first round of tthey CARES Act provided quite a bit of access to capital to tthey state governments mostly through lending type activities. But we are closely following a couple of new developments. One is, tthey second round of CARES Act with economic relief that we are expecting is probably more like a May, June timeframe wtheyre tthey governors are asking for tthey additional $500 billion in aid. Tthey state departments of transportation are asking for about $50 billion of direct funding for transportation in tthey states. And so we think ttheyre will be additional economic relief through CARES Act too. And also, ttheyre is quite a bit of momentum in Washington for infrastructure stimulus. That is probably more like a June or July timeframe. But tthey house Democrats are moving forward on a five year $760 billion stimulus program. And so wtheyn we look at all of those togettheyr, it starts to look a little bit like what we saw after tthey global financial crisis in 2007, 2008 and 2009 and wtheyn we look back to 2007, 2008 and 2009 we saw that stimulus activity coming into tthey market and we certainly experienced a double digit organic growth in 2007, 2008, and 2009 as stimulus activity came into tthey market. And so, we are expecting that deficit spending will be tthey way of tthey world for tthey next 12-month to 24-months and ttheyre is a significant momentum to direct that towards infrastructure activity and that what we will benefit from. Michael Dudas And on New York area? Michael Burke New York is one of tthey things that you look at tthey big markets and half of our state and local spending in tthey U.S. comes from five states, like California, New York, Texas, tthey real big ones and tthey good news about those states is those states coming into ttheir add significant stabilization and rainy day funds. So, ttheyy were in tthey best position coming into tthey pandemic. So, ttheyy have a bit of a theyad start. So, we are focused on tthey right markets, that has strength coming into it and we expected due to ttheyir political clout. Ttheyy will be tthey primary beneficiaries of any federal stimulus activity that gets directed towards New York. And one of tthey things that we theyar that tthey New York government agencies is talking quite a bit about is ttheir like maybe an opportunity to accelerate infrastructure spending. Tthey reason being is it is a lot less expensive to undertake infrastructure projects during certainly during a time wtheyn ttheyre is less traffic, or wtheyttheyr it be airport traffic, wtheyttheyr it be mass transit traffic, you could get things done much more efficiently. So, ttheyre may be an impetus to accelerate some of tthey structure work in tthey New York area. Michael Dudas I appreciate it. And my follow-up for you Mike or Troy is that can you maybe share a little bit how your customer base is adapting towards tthey new world that we are in especially with working remotely and being able to engage from plans that you're sending or in your conference scores or getting documents to your close clients in a efficient manner so ttheyy can continue to work on ttheyir front? Is that going to prove any competitive advantage for you guys as you as you move forward as tthey customer base and thinking more on tthey on tthey public side maybe in private as well accelerate adapt to tthey change that we are seeing? Michael Burke Yes, so let me let me kick that off and ttheyn I will ask you Randy to talk about tthey IT investments we have made, because it has been such a big facilitator of ttheir. We have been pairing for ttheir for quite some time on tthey IT side and it became clear that we were able to almost overnight shift 90% of our workforce to a remote working environment and that turned out to be an incredible differentiator in tthey market.  Clients weren't willing to wait and see if we could work remotely. Ttheyy wanted to see that capability immediately and I think it allowed us to differentiate ourselves quite a bit, and I think it maybe tthey way of working in tthey future. We have one project right now, wtheyre we are doing down in Florida, we have 150 different employees around tthey world working remotely on a project in Florida to get an unemployment center up and running as quickly as possible. It is all being done remotely. It is all being done in a collaborative way. But that didn't happen overnight. It came through significant investments. Maybe Randy could give us a little overview on what we have done in tthey IT side. Randall Wotring Thanks, Mike. So AECOM has really been strategically investing in IT infrastructure and digital tools for a lot of years. But specifically over tthey last three years. And even with ttheir significant ramp that we have seen with more than 90% of our employees, almost overnight working remotely, our IT systems not only perform well, but as Mike said, provided us with a differentiator in tthey marketplace. So, all of our employees have video conferencing capability and extraordinary collaboration tools that allow ttheym to carry on ttheyir work. We have put digital tools in tthey cloud, which certainly enhanced our work-from-home capabilities and tthey ease of use for our employees. Tthey digital tools like Autodesk and Bentley for design purposes, digital libraries, design anomalies, detectors and ottheyr tools reside in tthey cloud, which made it much easier for our employees to work. In addition, AECOM brought to tthey market two proprietary software packages built-in EMEA but imported and tailored to U.S. requirements. So, tthey first is a virtual consultation software that Mike talked about that let us respond and to U.S. Federal ask to streamline permitting processes. And to-date, we have already been working with clients utilizing ttheyse technologies and are now selling ttheym to numerous Federal, State and Local as well as International Government and private sector clients. And ttheyn secondly, we have a digital environmental impact assessment software, that allowed us to complete tthey first U.S. ever digital EIS for tthey U.S. Army Corp of Engineers, and that is light years atheyad of anything in tthey market. It allows NEPA to be performed better, faster, ctheyaper with greater margins. It likely will reduce costs 30% and tie-ins more than 50%. So again, I mean in ttheir case, our IT tools not only let us continue to perform and work effectively from home, but we believe give us a differentiator in tthey near-term and in tthey future. Michael Dudas That is great insight. Thanks gentlemen and stay theyalthy. Michael Burke Thanks Mike. Operator You next question comes from tthey line of Andy Kaplowitz with Citi. Your line is open. Andy Kaplowitz Good morning guys. Hope you're well. Nice quarter. Michael Burke Thank you. Troy Rudd Thanks. Randall Wotring Thank you. Andy Kaplowitz Mike, can you give us more color on your Construction Management business? I know you've mentioned that 85% of your work has continued, obviously 70% to 75% of business is New York and LA as well as you have a big focus on sports. So, how concerned are you that projects in that business could move to tthey right? Maybe you can talk about your confidence and I know you had a big backlog coming into tthey pandemic. Have you saturated potential same weakness into your guidance? Michael Burke So, good question Andy. Tthey construction managing business, first of all, it is more diversified today than it has ever been. If you go back six years ago, our commercial and residential real estate was about 80% of our business. Now that is only 45%. Aviation was formerly 1% of our business and now it is about 13% of our year-to-date NSR and about a third of our backlog. And so, we put forth a considerable effort over tthey past few years to start to diversify that business and tthey aviation business at 13% of our NSR and a third of tthey backlog, those decisions are desert 10-years, 20-years strategic decisions for airport expansion ttheyy don't change based on changing demand in passenger miles for tthey quarter for tthey year or even next year, ttheyy are looking out to 10- years, 20-years what ttheyy are going to need a JFK for instance. So, that is really important. Secondly, tthey projects that as you theyard of say, 80 plus percent of our projects are still operating today and almost all tthey projects that are not operating are paying us our general conditions which covers our costs on those projects. Because tthey clients want to keep our teams at tthey ready to jump back in wtheyn construction as revived. LA construction is still continuing, New York ttheyre is been some non essential construction that was put on halt. Tthey Governor has said ttheyy expect to start back on May 15th, although ttheyy have asked us to put forth a plan to start even earlier, which we are working on. So, we are highly confident that we will be back up to full speed very quickly.  So, we are not seeing projects stop except for a few that I mentioned, we are not seeing timelines move out as in that space, it is rare that once you get started with a construction project is very, very rare that it stops. Tthey reason being is you have got financing in place that requires you to finish it and so even back in tthey 2008 financial crisis, I could think of less than a handful of projects around tthey world have literally shut down for good or tthey rest of ttheym moved forward. So, given that we have got four years of backlog in that space, and I feel pretty good. We are about tthey same place, we were going back against tthey global financial crisis, we had built up a good book of business, coming into 2007, 2008, but ttheyn carried us through tthey next few years. So, that is a piece of tthey business, we feel very competent and because of tthey backlog because of tthey diversity. Andy Kaplowitz Mike that is theylpful and ttheyn I understand that you lowered your EBITDA guidance given tthey pandemic concerning, could you tell us since tthey pandemic started, how much positive offset you have seen so far from work from FEMA versus tthey actual COVID related delays and what would you expect to see moving forward is ttheyre incremental work to do ttheyre? Michael Burke Okay, so Troy or Randy do you want to take that one? Troy Rudd Yes, sure. I will jump in and take that. First of all Andy just in terms of our guidance. Wtheyn we wtheyn we look forward typically we have six months under our belt and we are forecasting tthey next six months of tthey year. We have come to tthey end of our April results and so wtheyre we sit today is we actually have seven months of results and two months of those results we call March and April, have us operated in tthey pandemic environment that we are in, and our April results I have exceeded our expectations in terms of NSR earnings in cash. So, just in terms of our confidence moving forward we have a higtheyr degree of confidence in our guidance than we did certainly a few weeks ago. And again to your point about what we are seeing in tthey marketplace is we certainly have been active in theylping local governments, trying to theylp people through tthey impact of tthey pandemic and supporting theyalthcare initiatives and supporting just governments and figuring out how ttheyy work ttheyir way through ttheir. So, project management types of projects. So we have been active in doing that. We have certainly won a lot of work, during tthey last few months and that has supported our April results. But, I think even beyond that, as we look forward, tthey business itself has a number of attributes that we made reference to and Mike did referenced to a little bit earlier, that allows us to be adaptable to tthey environment. So, even as ttheyre might be some project deferrals for as we can ramp up to take on certain types of projects to try and support tthey change that is certainly coming over tthey next months, it gives us tthey confidence that, even in a dynamic environment, tthey agility or tthey adaptability of our business allows us and gives us a confidence to be able to work through and achieve our guidance. So we have a high degree of competence in guidance wtheyre we sit today because of tthey several months of tthey results and tthey proven agility of tthey business. And what we still can see as market opportunities. Change is ultimately good for what we do. We support change in infrastructure and that is coming and will be accelerated by tthey impact of tthey pandemic. Michael Burke One additional item ttheyre. Just asked about what are tthey positives that we are seeing coming out of COVID related work or what are tthey plus outs? We have won hundreds of millions of dollars in work already. At least according to tthey Bloomberg Government reports, we have captured about 25% of all tthey COVID related federal dollars within our industry, and, we are tthey number one in our industry in winning COVID related work. So, and that work is widely disaster response work. Its field hospitals, treatment centers, medical stockpile facilities, global supply chain type activity. So it is widely varied and we think ttheyre will be continuing opportunity on that front. Andy Kaplowitz Mike, so that all sounds pretty good. Like, what would it take for you to restart your share purchase program? You just need to see tthey pandemic state a bit. Anything else, could you give us color ttheyre? Michael Burke Troy, you want to give some guidance on that? Troy Rudd Yes, certainly. Yes. Andy, you actually kind of summarized it in a sentence, which is our focus today in tthey current marketplace or market backdrop is focusing on our liquidity. Right now, we are in a very comfortable liquidity position and we are going to be focused on maintaining a comfortable liquidity position, until we can crane crate confidence that tthey market conditions are going to stabilize and ttheyre is a clear line of sight to what tthey future is going to hold. So, for tthey time being, that is going to be our focus, but it is just a matter of timing and we will ttheyn return to our stated commitment, which is maintaining our leverage target at two to 2.5 times and returning substantially all of our capital to shareholders, which means that, we will start buying stock under our existing repurchase authorization. Again, certainly tthey big question is wtheyn will that will happen? And we are just going to be working through ttheir and make sure that we gain more confidence about what is going on in tthey marketplace before we start trading off liquidity for repurchases. Andy Kaplowitz Good guys. Stay well. Michael Burke Thank you. Troy Rudd Thanks. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Jamie Cook Hi. Good morning and nice quarter. I guess two questions. One, tthey margins on tthey international business improved, not at tthey targeted range, but it improved nicely sequentially, I guess year-over-year. Is that sustainable as you look to tthey back half of tthey year, just given we don't have theirtory ttheyre in terms of how tthey business performs on a quarterly basis? I guess and ttheyn my second question, Mike any color you can give in terms of what is going on with tthey CEO search, is that still active or is tthey board thinking it makes sense to keep you ttheyre and definitely in particular in an environment like ttheir, given your theirtory with tthey Company, just any update that you can provide on that front? Thanks. Randall Wotring Yes, I think first part of tthey question. Tthey restructuring actions that we have taken beginning last year, and we continue to take ttheir year, that is what is driving tthey margin improvements. So, it is a combination of tthey things we have been talking about consistently for tthey last few quarters, which is improving our real estate profile, taking advantage of our design centers, and our shared service centers and we just continued to proceed on tthey path and we expect margins to improve over tthey course of tthey year and even beyond ttheir year into tthey future. Ttheyre is certainly a run rate impact is a benefit in tthey year but an additional run rate impact in subsequent years. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr thing I would point out is that theirtorically, our business does have a ramp up in tthey second half of tthey year based on activity volume. So, that is tthey piece that we have to pay a little more attention to as we work through Q3 and Q4. Again, as we said we see economic activity, bottoming out in Q3. So, we might not see tthey impact we typically see. But certainly over tthey course of tthey year, we expect margins in international business to improve and to benefit from tthey activities that we already have undertaken. Michael Burke So, Jamie to tthey second part of your question, as I had announced my departure at our Terryual Shareholder Meeting on March 10th and ttheyn along came tthey pandemic and tthey Board asked and I agreed to say on a lead us through tthey crisis and making a rapid change during tthey crisis was not a good idea. But ttheyy certainly have continued with tthey CEO search process, we are still evaluating potential candidates and it is just been a bit slow down and a little reluctant to make a precipitous change ttheyre during tthey challenging times. But I can't give you a specific timeline on that. But tthey processes is continuing. and we will update you as soon as we have information to provide. Jamie Cook Okay. I appreciate it. Glad you guys are theyalthy enough. Michael Burke Great. Thanks Jamie. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Michael Feniger with Bank of America. Your line is open. Michael Feniger Perfect. Thank you for taking my questions. Just Troy on tthey on tthey free cash flow bridge. I think I missed a few things. Have you observed a pickup in April on working cost savings in collections to give you that confidence as well or is ttheir really kind of like we saw last year, a very fourth quarter type of ptheynomenon? Troy Rudd Yes, actually we saw a pickup in April as I think I may have mentioned ttheir a little bit earlier, our April results were atheyad of our expectations on NSR earnings and cash. So, we saw a substantial improvement over what we had forecast for April and that again just due to tthey activities of people being focused on collections with ttheyir clients. Clearly in ttheir environment wtheyre people are concerned about delay in payment. We have a highly engaged group of people theyre that are focused on making sure that ttheyy are on top of that,  But also, we are seeing a number of our government clients, actually accelerate some of ttheyir payments just to support ttheyir economy, and support tthey people working in those economies. And so, we have seen accelerations in Hong Kong, Australia and even in Canada. So again, supporting that bridge in fact is having us actually collect beyond we expected in April. So, supporting an improvement in working capital in tthey second half of tthey year. And ttheyn additionally, we do see just in our business, ttheyre is a natural improvement in working capital during tthey course of tthey year. One of tthey significant items that has an impact on that, obviously is compensation. We do make accruals during tthey course of tthey year for some of our compensation that gets paid out tthey following, tthey first quarter of tthey following year. Michael Feniger Okay. Thank you for that. And if we take just tthey low end of your range ttheir year, tthey $100 million of free cash flow and tthey $700 million of EBITDA, let's say you don't grow EBITDA next year and you hold tthey line at $700 million. Can you just theylp me understand what tthey free cash flow you think you can generate from that $700 million next year? Is ttheyre any stranded costs that we should be considering, cash to fund some discontinued ops that we should be aware of? I guess just to theylp us get a sense of wtheyre your balance ttheyyet and leverage is now and maybe wtheyre it could look like in 2021? Troy Rudd Okay. That was a lot to cover. I'm going to try and simplify it by simply saying that, we gave cash flow guidance at our Investor Day and it was focused on tthey conversion of our earnings, EBITDA, tthey unlevered free cash flow and within our professional services business. even as we move forward into some subsequent years, we don't see that changing. Tthey underlying nature of our business, tthey conversion of earnings to cash is consistent. And so, we see 75% of tthey earnings in 2021, converting to a unlevered free cash flow for use in tthey business. So that characteristic remains unchanged. And just to tthey point you made a little bit earlier is, I don't know wtheyre you came up with a $700 million number. But, I certainly don't want to leave anyone with tthey impression that, we believe that tthey subsequent year will look like. Not at all. We still again look forward and we think that based on tthey underlying nature of our business and tthey marketplaces that we are in, that we have tthey ability to deliver profitable growth into 2021. Michael Feniger Okay. Yes. Sorry. I got confused. That is 700 million was, I was talking about EBITDA figure with wtheyttheyr you could convert to free cash flow. And I guess just lastly, and Mike I think you touctheyd on it. Obviously, it is a capital like business, high variable cost structure. I know you are in a position wtheyre you have a big backlog and only a handful of projects in 2008 were canceled. Just theylp me understand with tthey sensitivity of your business with tthey high variable cost structure. If for some reason we did see some of tthey backlog that canceled and revenue for ttheir Professional Services businesses down 10%, how did that flow through to what percent change to your operating profit, since you do have a capital light and tthey high variable cost structure? Michael Burke Yes. So, we have done a lot of modeling on those types of questions. Tthey good news is, we are not expecting a 10% drop in revenue in any way. But we have modeled that of course, we did a lot of modeling ttheyse days. But maybe Troy if you want to just touch on some of some of tthey variable cost levers that we pull in those scenarios. Troy Rudd Yes, and again one of tthey things that we spent a lot of time on in February and we still continue to do ttheir almost on a weekly basis is making sure that we keep updating and stress testing, what we think is tthey range of outcomes for tthey business. And ttheyn with that work, we have also developed a significant number of trigger points or levers and adjustments that we make to react to what we might find eittheyr it might be on a client basis or a project basis or even an office basis. So, we have worked through that and what we have determined is that even with a wide range of different outcomes in terms of revenue, during tthey second half of tthey year, that we have tthey ability to manage to let to stay within our guidance range. So, that is what gives us comfort ultimate and a guiding rate guidance range, even with a wide range of outcomes and tthey things that we focus on, again are tthey things we have talked about, which is controlling tthey costs in tthey business. As we said, we certainly have a hiring freeze in place. We aren't undertaking any travel, so ttheyre are some things that just naturally fall away in tthey business. But ttheyn, just given tthey nature of tthey workforce, we have tthey ability to again adjust if ttheyre are dramatic changes in terms of workloads and rebalance work. So, those are tthey that is tthey principal lever that we have. And ttheyn beyond that - and beyond that, ttheyre are a number of ttheyre are a number of programs that tthey governments around tthey world have put in place. To support tthey population and our workforce that also provides benefits or think about it as a lever that has an impact on ultimately our results? Michael Burke Yes, just so we talked about tthey modeling we are doing should ttheyre be a decline in revenue, but I don't want to leave anybody with tthey wrong impression theyre. So, you saw our backlog up double digits of $42 billion in tthey quarter, we rarely see anything drop out of backlog. In fact, we have got 50,000 projects going on at any one point in time around tthey world. So, far we have seen 18 cancellations 18 out of 50,000. We have had less than 1% of our projects that had some sort of deferral during tthey COVID crisis and right now, wtheyn I look at tthey pipeline of opportunities, tthey number of projects in our pipeline is up double-digits of tthey gross margin in those projects is significantly up, so we are not expecting to see tthey client. Operator Your next question comes to tthey mind of Steven Fittheyyr with UBS. Your line is open. Steven Fittheyyr Thanks. good morning guys. Just to pick up on that last bit of discussion in about 2021. I fully recognize that most companies have pulled ttheyir 2020 guidance, let alone have anything out ttheyre for 2021. But I really wanted to just ask you about what tthey status is of your specific 2021 expectations that you had out ttheyre. I noticed ttheyy were not in tthey slide deck ttheir quarter. You do have tthey luxury of having a very robust backlog. You just talked about tthey very small percentage of deferrals and cancellations. So, just curious what is tthey status of your 2021 targets and how confident are you in tthey backlog that you have been getting ttheyre? Troy Rudd Well. I guess first of all, Steve, our cadence for providing guidance certainly on tthey next year is wtheyn we get towards tthey beginning of that year. So we want to typically do that until tthey fourth quarter. We did at tthey Investor Day give a guide, and we remain confident in our ability to continue to deliver on profitability and growth. And as you pointed out, it is dependent upon some of tthey key attributes of our business. We do have that record backlog. And our 2021 plan was built on low single-digit revenue growth to achieve a 15% EBITDA growth in 2021. And that was a built upon tthey actions that we are taking to improve tthey efficiency of tthey business, and ttheyy were built around real estate improvements, design centers built around use of our shared service center. And ttheyn beyond that, we now have a lot of confidence that, because of tthey impact of tthey virus and our ability for a workforce to work remotely, it also presents additional opportunity with respect to how we would change tthey dynamics of how people work and tthey impact that would have our real estate portfolio. So again, as Mike pointed out a little earlier, we spent about $400 million a year on real estate and ttheyre certainly is an opportunity we believe is accelerated by what tthey workplace of tthey future will look like to actually improve margins and to continue to build a path of improved productivity. So, it is a long way of saying, we certainly have confidence in tthey future, because of tthey low single-digit revenue growth we had anticipated. And our feature is built upon improvement in productivity and efficiency in tthey business. Steven Fittheyyr That is great. So, just to characterize it, would you say that, number is still somewtheyre between valid and we just need to see how tthey pandemic plays out or that number is just still valid at ttheir point? Troy Rudd I would say that, we are confidence in tthey things that are within our control. And as we see tthey market stabilize, we will become, again, we will become more confident about our ability to deliver against those future numbers. Steven Fittheyyr Got it. And ttheyn just a quick follow-up on tthey state and local budgets situation. I know you have talked a handful of times on tthey call about tthey $500 billion, $700 billion. Just curious about how you think tthey scenarios will play out for your fiscal year, because you did have - year-end for most of states have a June year-end. And do you think that, Federal theylp will all come in, in time to have tthey states avoid having any deferral of projects in a meaningful way basically over tthey summer in your fiscal fourth quarter? Michael Burke So, we don't think ttheyre is a negative impact ttheyre. Tthey reason being, tthey projects that you are working on are typically funded. Ttheyre is typically money set aside. As I mentioned, we have about 23% of our NSR comes from state and local governments, half of that comes from five states that had come into ttheir with very strong stabilization of Rainy Day Fund. So, tthey stimulus money that might be brought to bear on tthey states later in tthey year will just support tthey outlook for 2021 and forward. But, we are not concerned about tthey next couple quarters theyre. Steven Fittheyyr Okay. Very good. Stay well. Thanks. Michael Burke Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Andrew Wittmann with Baird. Your line is open. Andrew Wittmann Okay, thanks. I guess tthey question is focused on liquidity. You mentioned that given uncertain times you want to hold on to tthey liquidity and I think everyone understands that but tthey question is how much liquidity is too much liquidity. Your guidance is implying like $700 million of free cash flow theyre in tthey rest of tthey fiscal year that will mean that you only have maybe a couple $100 million of net debt plus you have U.S. Virgin Islands, big receivable that is getting paid, albeit slowly that is on ttheyre. Ttheyre is some claims that certainly can be a source of cash in tthey next couple of years on your balance ttheyyet as well. I mean, it seems like ttheyre could be an option to do more, share repurchase as discussed as it has coming in even ttheir fiscal year, trying to understand what besides being overly conservative with tthey liquidity could be factoring into that and just wondering if you can addressed that? Troy Rudd Andy, Troy. Look, I think I don't believe at ttheir point in time, you can be overly conservative in terms of liquidity. But again, as we work our way through tthey year, our liquidity position will continue to improve and again it is I would describe it as being comfortable today. But it will improve and again as we reach a point wtheyre we start to see ttheyre would be some more stability in tthey marketplace. It becomes, as I said a matter of timing, wtheyre we will return and start buying back fine back stock. Ttheyre is not a point in time we can say that is exactly wtheyn it is going to happen, nor it would be appropriate for us to do that. But certainly, we can see based on tthey underlying attributes to tthey business and our confidence in tthey future, that ttheyre is a point in time wtheyre we are going to move away and re-bounce away from liquidity and towards repurchase. Andrew Wittmann Okay, maybe ttheyre is an agenda on that. You guys have talked about just dispositions that are in discontinued operations today that are oil and gas sort of in tthey civil, power. I was just wondering given tthey state of tthey markets right now and ttheyn M&A activity broadly, how realistic is it I theyard tthey comments on tthey funds job, but how realistic is it still theyre today that ttheyse can be completed ttheir fiscal year like you previously anticipated or you see some that moves into tthey next fiscal year? Randall Wotring Andy ttheir is Randy. We are actively working to exit ttheyse businesses and we have made good progress over tthey last couple of years in getting rid of - we got rid of our international development business, we sold our production services in oil and gas business with tthey completion of tthey line we will end removing two combined cycle jobs from our backlog will affect sort of tthey combined cycle business. We are closely managing tthey at risk business remaining at risk civil business and preparing to go back out to tthey market. So, we believe that ttheyre will be opportunities as tthey markets and infrastructure spin starts happening. Our largest contract now about one third of our remaining at risk backlog is tthey Psalms contracts and we are as we indicated in discussions ttheyre to exit that contract. So, we are we are making progress and it will likely be happen in months, but we expect to make that happen over as soon as tthey market opens up. Andrew Wittmann Got it. Great, thank you. And ttheyn tthey last question is just kind of a technical thing, but you kind of alluded to ttheir Troy, nobody is traveling and that does have tthey benefit to your P&L. Can you just talk theirtorically maybe what percentage of eittheyr gross or net revenue your travel costs has represented over tthey period of time? Just so we can have some context as to how much that is benefiting you? Troy Rudd Tthey bulk of our travel costs are actually funded by our clients. So, yes, tthey impact - I would classify it as in tthey bundle of travel costs and ottheyr types of out-of-pocket amounts that we spend in tthey business, that is going to be ttheir point, I would say it is less than a percentage point of our entire NSR. Andrew Wittmann Okay. Very theylpful. Thank you. Michael Burke Yes. It is also theylpful to remember that, people that are traveling are also billable to clients. And so, what you end up having is, you gain some productivity side. So, instead of being stuck in an airport, ttheyy are at ttheyir home office doing work that is billable to clients. So it is not just tthey cost of tthey airplane, second tthey hotels, it is actually you replaced some travel downtimes with productive billable time, while ttheyy are not traveling. Andrew Wittmann Even better. Great. Thank you. Michael Burke Yes. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Adam Thalthemer with Thompson Davis. Your line is open. Adam Thalthemer Great. Thanks for squeezing me in. I wanted to ask you know Mike, since Asia was first in first out, what kind of demand destruction did you see ttheyre and kind of what does that tell us to expect elsewtheyre in tthey world as we restart? Michael Burke So, tthey one way to look at it is ttheyre is about 10 working days lost in Asia. And so, 10 working days is meaningful if you think of about 240 working days or so in a year that is 5%. So, that gives you a sense of what we saw. But more importantly as we learned from that experience, very quickly and we are learning it scales as we are talking about 10,000 employees across China. So, we had an opportunity to learn from that and use that experience elsewtheyre as we move to a remote working environment. But I will tell you, Hong Kong, Hong Kong is our biggest market in Asia wtheyre we have got almost 5,000 employees in Hong Kong alone. In that market, we went into ttheir year expecting a double-digit decline in revenue, going into tthey year because of some of tthey challenges and protests in Hong Kong. In fact coming out of ttheir, we are beating our plan in Hong Kong right now despite COVID and we are expecting stimulus dollars in Hong Kong will give us even more momentum ttheyre. So, we are actually doing better than our plan despite tthey COVID shut down, and maybe our plan was lower than it should have been coming into tthey year as we are being cautious about some of tthey protests that we were seeing in Hong Kong. But we have learned at scale ttheyre and we have deployed those learnings around tthey world but you are theylping us to maintain productivity in ottheyr markets that have got to tthey remote workforce. Adam Thalthemer Okay. And ttheyn with you as stimulus, I mean, I really hope you are right, tthey Republicans seem to be putting up a big fight on any kind of Phase four infrastructure stimulus. How do you think about that versus, tthey hope for something over tthey next few months? Michael Burke Well. Ttheyre is certainly a lot of momentum, and I don't know how to handicap it Adam, we are following it very closely and so for tthey amount of money that people who are willing to spend in Washington on both sides of tthey aisle through tthey first round of tthey Care Act, it seems like ttheyy are willing to throw just about any amount of money to get ttheir economy restarted as soon as possible. And infrastructure spending is something that is top of mind for Democrats and Republicans, although you mentioned some of tthey Republican resistance, but I don't know how to handicap it, I think it put odds on it. But I feel it is more likely than not we are going to see stimulus activity deployed towards infrastructure. Adam Thalthemer Okay. Thanks Mike. Michael Burke Sure. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Mr. Burke, I turn tthey call back over to you. Michael Burke Great. Well, thank you everybody for joining today. Ttheir is certainly unprecedented times. But I have to say that I'm incredibly proud of how our organization has responded and it gives me a great sense of pride to work with some of tthey incredible employees across AECOM. But ttheyre is a few additional points that I want to emphasize from today's discussion before we close out theyre. Clearly, our financial performance over tthey past six quarters has been clear that we are delivering on our strategy and we are exceeding all tthey targets that we have set. We are delivering on our commitments to simplify and de-risk our business and expands our margins. We have certainly transformed our balance ttheyyet after tthey sale tthey Management Services business, we did that just at tthey right time coming into ttheir pandemic, which gives us a lot of flexibility on capital allocation with a lot of liquidity and liquidity is highly valued right now as Troy mentioned earlier. And tthey transformation that we have been undertaken to convert to a professional services business has a lot of advantages that could position us quite well to consistently deliver on tthey financial performance we are talking about. And we are certainly delighted to see tthey agility that our employees have displayed over tthey past few months by converting to remote work environment by providing new services to new clients in new ways that tthey pandemic has required. So, we are feeling pretty good as we look atheyad, ttheyre is uncertainty in tthey world. But we have a lot of confidence in our outlook for tthey year we have got a lot of confidence in next year, based on tthey backlog we have tthey continued very high win rates and experiences that backlog and so we feel like a great sense of confidence for FY20 and FY21. So, I look forward to speaking to everyone again soon. Thank you for all your support and stay safe and sane in ttheyse difficult times. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.