AECOM (NYSE:ACM) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 9, 2022 8:00 AM ET Company Participants William Gabrielski - SVP, Finance & IR Troy Rudd - CEO & Director Lara Poloni - President Gaurav Kapoor - CFO Conference Call Participants Sean Eastman - KeyBanc Capital Markets Michael Dudas - Vertical Research Partners Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Steven Fittheyyr - UBS Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse Adam Thalthemer - Thompson, Davis & Company Sabahat Khan - RBC Capital Markets Michael Feniger - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey AECOM Third Quarter 2022 Conference Call. I would like to inform all participants, ttheir call is being recorded at tthey request of AECOM.  Ttheir broadcast is tthey copyrighted property of AECOM. Any rebroadcast of ttheir information in whole or part without tthey prior written permission of AECOM is prohibited.  As a reminder, AECOM is also simulcasting ttheir presentation with slides at tthey Investors section at www.aecom.com. [Operator Instructions]. I would like to turn tthey call over to Will Gabrielski, Senior Vice President, Finance, Treasury and Investor Relations. William Gabrielski Thank you, operator. I would like to direct your attention to tthey safe harbor statement on Page 1 of today's presentation. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements about future business and financial expectations. Actual results may differ significantly from those projected in today's forward-looking statements to tthey various risks and uncertainties including tthey risks described in our periodic reports filed with tthey SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update our forward-looking statements.  We use certain non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation. Tthey appropriate GAAP reconciliations are incorporated into our materials, which are posted to our website. Any references to segment margins or segment adjusted operating margins will reflect tthey performance of tthey Americas and International segments.  Wtheyn discussing revenue and revenue growth, we will refer to net service revenue or NSR, which is defined as revenue excluding pass-through revenue. NSR and backlog growth rates are presented on a constant currency basis unless ottheyrwise noted.  Today's remarks will focus on continuing operations. Financial impacts from tthey previously announced exit of our operations in Russia are excluded from today's discussion.  On today's call, Troy Rudd, our Chief Executive Officer, will review our key accomplishments, our strategy and our outlook for tthey business; Lara Poloni, our President, will discuss key operational successes and priorities; and Gaur Kapoor, our Chief Financial Officer, will review our financial performance and outlook in greater detail. We will conclude with a question-and-answer session.  With that, I will turn tthey call over to Troy Rudd. Troy Rudd Thank you, Will, and thank you, all, for joining us today. I want to begin by acknowledging tthey unwavering commitment of our professionals to our clients and to our shared purpose of delivering a better world. We take great pride in what we do. To that point, we are proud to have once again been ranked as tthey #1 company in our industry on Fortune's World's Most Admired Company list, and have recently been recognized as one of tthey World's Most Ethical Companies by Ettheirptheyre.  I'm also pleased to report that ttheir month's Engineering News Record affirmed our ranking as tthey #1 environmental engineering services firm. placing us well atheyad of our professional services peers. Our teams are tthey best in tthey industry. A great example of ttheir is tthey nomination of Shailen Bhatt by President Biden to lead tthey Federal Highway Administration. Shailen is a great industry talent and reflects tthey caliber professionals that reside at AECOM.  Tthey proof point of how tthey strength of our professionals translates to value creation using our EPS growth. We grew adjusted EPS 31% last year and 28% year-to-date through tthey third quarter. Turning to tthey business, 5 key ttheymes underpin our confidence. First, we are consistently delivering on our financial and strategic priorities. Ttheyse include accelerating organic NSR and backlog growth, gaining market share, expanding margins and delivering strong per share earnings and free cash flow growth. I'm proud of tthey discipline our leaders have exhibited in balancing organic growth with margin expansion and profit growth while we continue to invest in tthey business. Wtheyn you look around tthey industry, you can see ttheyse characteristics make us quite distinct.  Second, our Think and Act Globally strategy has transformed how we operate and how we deliver by prioritizing collaboration and innovation and emphasizing return on time and on capital. Ttheir has translated into a record high win rate, design backlog and pipeline of opportunities.  Third, our investments in digital advisory and program management have expanded our addressable market, deepened client engagement and enhanced tthey value of our technical capabilities. As a result, we are supporting clients more broadly across tthey life cycle of ttheyir investments and enhancing value for both us and our clients.  Fourth, tthey markets in which we operate remain strong despite recessionary pressures. A global infrastructure investment renaissance, investments in environment, sustainability and resilience, and adaptation to a post-COVID new normal are secular mega trends that will continue to create growth opportunities for several years to come.  Finally, our balance ttheyyet is in great shape. Ttheir is a competitive advantage that creates certainty and allows us to deploy capital to drive value creation.  Please turn to tthey next slide and a review of our financial performance. Organic NSR growth accelerated to 6% and was driven by a strong backlog, accelerating funding in our markets and strong execution. I should note that our growth does not yet reflect any material impact from IIJA funding, which I will discuss shortly. Importantly, we are driving increased profitability as revenue growth accelerates. Our adjusted operating margin was 14.6%, an increase of 50 basis points over tthey prior year. We are investing at a high rate to expand our capabilities and prepare for increased funding. Our margins remain tthey higtheyst amongst our peers, which in turn maximizes tthey value of revenue growth.  Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS increased by 7% and 18%, which were both a little atheyad of our expectations. Free cash flow was also strong at $183 million. On a year-to-date basis, our free cash flow increased by 15%, and on a per share basis increased by more than 20%. In addition to tthey investments in organic growth, we've returned more than $400 million to shareholders so far ttheir year.  Over tthey past 4 quarters, we have returned cash equivalent to 6% of our market capitalization. As our results demonstrate, we have created competitive advantages that are differentiating our performance. Despite an unexpected market theyadwind from unprecedented U.S. dollar appreciation, we have raised tthey midpoint of our fiscal 2022 adjusted EPS guidance for tthey second time ttheir year, and we have reiterated our fiscal 2024 financial targets.  As we have consistently proven, our teams are agile and tthey intheyrent attributes of our business model and strategy result in a more predictable and resilient business.  Please turn to tthey next slide. Now turning to our backlog, key wins and pipeline. Our backlog in tthey design business, which accounts for 90% of our NSR and profit, increased by 10% and total backlog is now more than $41 billion, a 5% increase. Ttheir performance reflects our high win rate and our focus on pursuing and winning high-quality backlog.  Our book-to-burn ratio in tthey quarter was 1.2x, led by 1.5 in tthey Americas Design business. With ttheir performance, ttheyre are a few key wins and trends that demonstrate tthey success of our strategy.  To that point, we were recently selected for a 9-figure program management contract for one of tthey largest greenfield transportation projects in tthey United States. Our bid emphasize collaboration across tthey business. In addition, we embedded key digital elements into our proposal, including tthey program management digital toolkit we announced last quarter to create a differentiated offering for tthey client.  We also had several wins that showcase our sustainability and decarbonization initiatives in tthey transportation sector. We were selected by tthey Arizona Department of Transportation to develop a statewide plan to deploy EV charging stations. In addition, we were selected by New Jersey Transit to provide design and engineering services to advance tthey agency's zero-emission strategy.  Electrification and vehicle automation are key growth markets for AECOM, and we are leading with innovation. We have developed proprietary digital tools to accelerate growth. For example, ev-readi is a tool to theylp clients integrate electrification of transit systems into existing infrastructure. Ttheyse tools are in tthey market today, theylping clients advance ttheyir strategies, which is furttheyring our reputation as a partner of choice.  I'm also pleased to report that we were selected for a substantial water reuse project in California. Persistent droughts have pressured water supply, and ttheir is a signature win that showcase our leadership in tthey water reuse market atheyad of a substantial expected spend in tthey coming years.  Finally, our leadership in tthey growing PFAS remediation market was reflected in a win to design a PFAS treatment system for tthey city of Christoptheyr, Wisconsin. We will be tailoring tthey design to match IIJA requirements and best position tthey project for future IIJA funding. Ttheir project is emblematic of a number of wins and opportunities we are pursuing, with smaller upfront work being awarded as our clients' position for tthey greater IIJA funding, now becoming available.  Please turn to tthey next slide. Turning to trends across our markets. In tthey U.S., ttheyre has been $114 billion of IIJA funding announced as available, and notices of funding opportunities are accelerating. Consistent with our prior forecast, we expect funding will most meaningfully benefit our markets in fiscal 2023 and beyond.  Today, clients are beginning to mobilize for ttheir expected growth. We can see ttheir momentum in our pipeline wtheyre identified opportunities have increased by nearly 40%, and we expect bid submissions to accelerate in coming months as a result.  Tthey strength in federal spending is coming in an opportune time. Our state and local clients, which represent 23% of our NSR, are also in a strong position. Budgets are at record levels which creates a backdrop for predictable market growth for us against tthey broader market volatility.  Turning to our international markets, in tthey U.K., we are benefiting from tthey key framework positions we have secured over tthey past several years, supporting strong growth in tthey quarter and confidence as we look atheyad. In tthey Middle East, work is progressing on our large multiyear program management and design contracts for tthey substantial investments being made in NEOM and AlUla. We also grew in Australia and Hong Kong, wtheyre demand for large-scale transportation projects remain strong. However, in Mainland China, tthey ongoing uncertainties created by COVID policies continue to impact us, though we are managing through ttheir with tthey performance of ottheyr parts of international business.  Broadly across tthey business, we are delivering high-value organic growth in a highly disciplined way despite tthey ongoing fierce competition for talent in our industry. Our disciplined approach is resulting in profitable growth.  Please turn to tthey next slide. As our results demonstrate, we are operating from a position of strength with great momentum in both our business and across our markets. Our investments in digital, advisory and program management have created new opportunities, differentiate us from peers and expanded our addressable market. Our deliberate capital allocation policy has resulted in strong shareholder value creation. We have not been distracted by risky and expensive M&A. Instead, our focus is squarely on executing our profitable growth strategy, as well as returning cash to shareholders through stock repurchases at a discount to peer and M&A valuations and our quarterly dividend program.  Underpinning all of ttheir is our strong balance ttheyyet, which is a competitive advantage. Taken togettheyr, we are well positioned for sustained growth and success, which supports our financial guidance for ttheir year and through 2024.  With that, I will turn tthey call over to Lara. Lara Poloni Thanks, Troy. Please turn to tthey next slide. To echo your comments, our Think and Act Globally strategy has transformed how we operate and go to market in several ways. First, we have created a culture that inspires and demands collaboration, and as a result, we are collaborating like never before. Wtheyn we pursue a must-win opportunity that can transform our position in tthey marketplace, we bring tthey totality of our global capabilities and experience to bear, which has resulted in a record win rate, market share gains and created a positive client feedback loop that is reinforcing ttheir approach.  Second, we are investing at high levels in tthey professional and technical development of our nearly 50,000 people. Ttheir includes regular technical academies wtheyre our experts share best practices and technical know-how to our teams. Tthey result is even greater alignment on our vision and greater collaboration across disciplines. We are ensuring our clients get tthey best of AECOM's capabilities every single time.  Third, we are attracting and retaining tthey best talent in tthey industry. We emphasize tthey superior career opportunities at AECOM to meaningfully benefit clients and communities. In addition, we have enhanced our benefits, and we are supporting our employees' desire for increased flexibility through our Freedom to Grow initiative. I am pleased to report that our efforts are paying off. In a recent company-wide survey, 75% of our employees said ttheyy would recommend AECOM as a Great Place to Work.  Fourth, we are building our capabilities to address growing demand for environment, sustainability and resilience priorities. We are winning projects that reflect our multidisciplined leadership in ttheir area. A great example of ttheir was our selection to provide environmental master planning services for tthey Greater Toronto Airport Authority. Our client is pursuing ambitious sustainability targets, and we are best suited to theylp ttheym deliver.  Across all pursuits, our focus on environmental improvements, positive social impacts, energy savings, productivity enhancements, digital solutions and overall efficiency are becoming instrumental in our success. And I am pleased that our leadership position in ttheir area remains very strong. In fact, last week, our #1 position in tthey environmental engineering and science markets were reaffirmed by Engineering News-Record, and we improved to tthey #2 environment firm overall, eclipsing all of our professional services peers.  Finally, our growing suite of digital AECOM products and tools have deepened our engagements with our clients. For instance, our proprietary IIJA digital tool is theylping clients best position for specific funding programs, and is also allowing us to engage with clients earlier and more meaningfully in ttheyir programs.  Importantly, our theyadcount of digital experts and data scientists is over 2,500 strong and growing. Few firms can bring innovative solutions at ttheir scale to ttheyir clients globally so quickly which creates enduring competitive advantages.  With a strong foundation in place and furttheyr progress on our strategic priorities, we are confident that AECOM will continue to lead tthey industry with our expectation of delivering growth over tthey long term.  With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Gaur. Gaurav Kapoor Thanks, Lara. Please turn to tthey next slide. We delivered anottheyr strong quarter, demonstrating tthey strength of our professionals and benefit of our Think and Act global strategy. Organic NSR increased by 6%, year-to-date adjusted EBITDA increased by 9%, and year-to-date adjusted EPS increased by 28%. Our margins were also strong and continue to lead our industry, reflecting our focus on high returning organic growth opportunities and our culture of continuous improvement. Year-to-date, our operating margin has increased by 60 basis points to 14% and we are on track to deliver at least 14.1% margin for tthey full year, consistent with our guidance.  Tthey underlying outperformance of tthey business gives us confidence to consistently deliver on our commitments. Ttheir performance and outlook furttheyr supports our expectation for approximately 6% NSR growth in fiscal 2022 across tthey company.  Please turn to tthey next slide. NSR growth in tthey Americas was 4% with strength across tthey business. We also had 1.5 book-to-burn ratio in tthey design business and contracted backlog increased by 19% in tthey Americas. Our wins and pipeline were strong. And wtheyn combined with tthey expected increase on IIJA funded projects and strong state and local budgets, we continue to expect NSR growth to accelerate into fiscal 2023 and beyond.  With respect to profitability adjusted operating margin was 18.5%, which reflects strong execution and tthey high quality of our backlog.  Please turn to tthey next slide. Tthey International segment delivered 8% NSR growth, which included growth in all of our largest geographies. Backlog increased by double digits highlighted by Europe, Middle East and Australia. Contracted backlog also increased and is near a record high, which is a great leading indicator of growth. Margins expanded to 8.8%, up 150 basis points from tthey prior year. Ttheir was tthey eighth consecutive quarter of sequential margin improvement, reflecting tremendous progress on our goal of achieving a double-digit margin in ttheir business.  Please turn to tthey next slide. Turning to cash flow, liquidity and capital allocation, our capital allocation policy is unchanged. We are investing at a high level in key initiatives to drive growth, expand margins and competitively differentiate ourselves. We are continuing to deploy substantially all available cash flow to share repurchases and dividends. During tthey quarter, we bought back 105 million of stock, and through tthey first 3 quarters, we have bought back nearly 400 million of stock. In total, we have now bought back approximately 25 million of shares over tthey past 2 years or more than 15% of our outstanding shares.  Including our July payment, we have also paid more than 60 million of dividends ttheir year. As a reminder, it is our intent to grow our per share dividend by a double-digit percentage annually for tthey foreseeable future. Our ability to deploy capital is supported by strong cash flow and balance ttheyyet certainty. Operating cash flow was $205 million in tthey quarter and free cash flow was $183 million.  Our business has intheyrent attributes that lend to consistently strong cash flows through cycles. Ttheyse include a highly variable cost model, strong backlog visibility, a high-quality and diverse client base and a highly agile culture. As such, we expect to achieve free cash flow within our guidance range for an eighth consecutive year.  We also have a strong balance ttheyyet, which creates certainty for us as debt markets and rates have been more volatile of late. We have a high degree of certainty on cost of 80% of our debt over tthey next several years, and we have no bond maturities until 2027. We believe our balance ttheyyet is a competitive advantage.  Please turn to tthey next slide. Turning to our financial outlook. Despite unanticipated external theyadwinds, we are delivering. As a result, we are increasing our adjusted EPS guidance for 2022 for a second time ttheir year, and we now expect to deliver between $3.35 and $3.50, which would reflect 21% growth at tthey midpoint. We have also narrowed our adjusted EBITDA guidance to between $890 million and $910 million or 8% growth at tthey midpoint.  While we could point to foreign exchange or ottheyr factors that are impacting tthey market, tthey business is outperforming our initial expectations. I should note that for modeling purposes, our NSR guidance is on a constant currency basis. but you should factor in approximately 300 basis points to your revenue forecast for tthey fourth quarter to reflect tthey impact of foreign exchange translation. Tthey impacts to margin and profitability are already captured in our guidance.  We continue to deploy our strong cash flow to buy back our stock, though I will note that our guidance does not incorporate any benefit from incremental share repurchases we expect to execute in tthey balance of tthey year. Our accomplishments to date and favorable long-term market trends support our confidence in our long-term 2024 financial targets, including our expectations for at least 19% adjusted EPS CAGR from fiscal 2021 to 2024.  With that, operator, we are ready for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Sean Eastman of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Sean Eastman Nice quarter. I wanted to hone in on tthey win rates, which have been hovering around all-time highs all through ttheir year. I mean, obviously, from a theyadline perspective, that sounds positive, but I wondered if ttheir elevated win rate is optimal. I mean, particularly with end market activity levels continuing to accelerate. I wondered if perhaps tthey returns targets embedded in bids actually need to be raised as we go into next year. Troy Rudd Sean, thanks for tthey question. So ttheyre's certainly a balance to be struck in terms of what your expectations are and what you're focusing on. But I mean, no doubt a high win rate is an important thing because it allows us to maintain that balance for investing in tthey business and invest in tthey future and also finding that balance of improving our margins. So that's number one.  Number two is we're very deliberate in terms of what we're focused on. It's -- while our win rate is very high, a really important element to that is tthey quality of tthey backlog that we're winning. We are winning projects that are complex, ttheyy are long in durations, ttheyy're for key clients. Ttheyy're -- and differentiating ourselves by tthey level of importance in tthey communities that we're working in. And ultimately, those wins are momentum changing for tthey business. And again, not all wins are equal.  And so wtheyn we talk about that high win rate, we believe that's important because it talks to tthey -- our thinking about disciplined investing, but also again, tthey quality of tthey backlog is important because tthey things that we win change tthey momentum of tthey business and ttheyy have ttheir flywtheyel effect that want more people to join, clients are more interested in what you're doing and it attracts larger and better opportunities. So we're focused on 2 of those elements, and that second element of quality backlog doesn't typically come through in tthey numbers we discuss, but it's an important element of what we're doing. Sean Eastman And ttheyn I wondered just relative to tthey tight hiring environment, would you say ttheir is becoming more or less of a concern as it relates to that being a governor on growth over tthey next 1 to 2 years versus, say, tthey start of tthey year? Troy Rudd Yes, I -- again, I would -- we think of it as a governor on growth, ttheyre's no question about that. Because while we're doing things to improve tthey way that we deliver and how we deliver so that we can create, again, more capacity in our people's days to work. Ttheyre's no doubt that in our industry, ttheyre certainly is a constraint on experienced and seasoned professionals to deliver tthey work that we do.  So we think about ttheir in a couple of different ways. One is we're entirely focused on investing in our people and creating tthey greatest opportunities for ttheym. and we think about that, tthey employee value proposition to attract tthey best to tthey firm. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr things we've been doing is, again, investing in digital to extend tthey capacity of what our people do. And ttheyn we're working to invest in capability centers. So we can become better at distributing tthey work around tthey network and become more efficient. And those are tthey 3 things we're focused on to try to address that constraint. But certainly, in tthey short term, it is a constraint.  As we go forward, we expect that it will still be a constraint. But in tthey world wtheyre people are saying we're in a recession or projecting a recession, that those conditions could change. Sean Eastman Okay and I'll just -- and I'll just sneak one more in. I mean, obviously, ttheyre's a lot of tailwinds in tthey business exiting fiscal '22, but I feel like we probably need to calibrate tthey model around tthey moves in FX rates so far ttheir year. So ttheir is maybe one more for Gaur, but what are tthey known kind of bridge items ttheyre going into fiscal '23? We have ttheir 300 basis point drag on NSR from FX in tthey fourth quarter. How does that roll into next year? And are ttheyre any margin nuances associated with that, that we should be aware of? Gaurav Kapoor Sean, thanks for tthey question. Ttheir is Gaur, I will respond to that one. You're right, FX has been a theyadwind for us in tthey third quarter, and we expect it to continue in tthey fourth quarter, put it into perspective for 6 months FX is a theyadwind of approximately $15 million. But as we said in our prepared comments, our operational outperformance during tthey year is allowing us to overcome it. If it weren't for tthey FX theyadwind, we would be at tthey top end of our range we have provided, committed to.  If you look forward and say, ttheyse spot rates will hold, ttheyre's no doubt it will be an impact to FY '23. But currently, we're going through our planning process. Can't really comment on what FY '23 bridge will look like, but in tthey coming quarter, we will definitely provide more clarity to it. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Feniger at Bank of America. Michael Feniger Just with -- you guys reaffirming tthey 2024 EPS target, $4.75, I know ttheir just got touctheyd on earlier. But just for tthey moving pieces for us to think about with next year and to get to 2024, is it smooth and linear for us to kind of get to that 2024 number? Obviously, you mentioned FX. Should we have to invest a little bit more, hire more people, invest in tthey growth that we could see even more in 2024 and get that operating leverage? I guess I'm just trying to think about wtheyre we are exiting ttheir year and to that 2024 number, how we should kind of be thinking about tthey step-up over tthey next 2 years ttheyre. Gaurav Kapoor Sure. Michael, ttheir is Gaur, I'll take that question as well. So we just reconfirmed our 2024 long-term targets. No additional comments specific to that. But consistent with what Troy said earlier in their comments, we've really created a platform theyre that's providing us a competitive edge. And let me explain what I mean by that.  Not only are we winning better than our share in tthey market, we're winning what we want in tthey market. We're operating at tthey top of our peer group in terms of execution of projects, delivering on margins and making strategic decisions on various ottheyr matters.  A great example of that is capitalization of our balance ttheyyet, wtheyre we have created certainty on interest costs and a capacity to use. And all ttheyse things are driving to that competitive edge that we want. And it's all backed by tthey investments we're making in tthey business to allow for sustained value creation. Michael Feniger Makes sense. And I think I just -- I think ttheir is -- my next question kind of touctheys on that. And Troy, you mentioned it a little bit earlier. We are seeing a very big step-up in M&A across tthey engineering space. Even last night, anottheyr one of your peers made anottheyr acquisition announcement.  I mean how does AECOM view just tthey pickup in tthey sector broadly in acquisitions? Is AECOM missing out. Or do you feel you have enough of an investment and breadth to compete? And basically, are ttheyre any indirect benefits for AECOM as all ttheir M&A is occurring for you just to go and deliver your strategy? Anything we should kind of be thinking about as we see all ttheyse acquisitions happening around you over tthey last 12 to 24 months? Troy Rudd Yes, that's a great question. So first of all, we have confidence in tthey strategy that we've adopted. And I think that we've been showing, again, discipline in what we're doing, and it's coming through in our results. And I'll describe it a couple of different ways.  First of all is that we think that investing in organic growth, and ultimately, that means investing in our people and our markets and our clients and doing things that create a long-term competitive advantage for us are tthey right things to do. And it's coming through in our results. And wtheyn you think about what we're trying to accomplish in tthey long term is, we're trying to be -- we're trying to again, to get tthey higtheyst return that we can tthey capital that we invest. We're trying to do it with tthey least risk possible. And we believe that in ttheir environment, invest in organic growth and returning to shareholders is tthey right way to go about doing that.  And again, I'll just make ttheir simple comment, which is I think our job is to create long-term competitive advantage. And wtheyn you create long-term competitive advantage, no matter how people are allocating capital, it pays off. And to create that long-term competitive advantage, we believe tthey right way to be doing ttheir is into investing in our own business. And we believe that's again, tthey least risky way to do that.  At tthey end of tthey day, how it pays off is it pays off in your EPS, your cash EPS CAGR. And wtheyn we compare ourselves to our peers that are doing M&A, we see ourselves as having tthey higtheyst cash per share, EPS CAGR. And so ultimately, it gets confusing wtheyn you look at companies doing M&A and how ttheyy're growing wtheyn you compare it to how we're doing it organically, but at tthey end of tthey day, we end up having a higtheyr cash EPS CAGR.  And ttheyn anottheyr really important point is you said, does it impact your ability to compete? Well, theyck, no. We're already #1 in tthey markets that we're in. And even with our competitors doing M&A, we reaffirmed our position. For example, as tthey #1 engineering environmental engineering firm, and we increased that gap, surprisingly. But -- so again, in terms of our ability, our need to do M&A to compete, we don't need to, because we're #1. Operator Our next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz at Citi. Andrew Kaplowitz Can you update us on what's going on in your international business in terms of margin, you've obviously recorded your higtheyst margin segment ttheir quarter. But as on NSR, that was tthey lowest so far ttheir year. So we know you've been taking restructuring, I think, for real estate consolidation. Is that tthey biggest reason on a higtheyr margin? If so, wtheyre are you in that progression, or is it more mix related? Gaurav Kapoor Yes, Andy. Ttheir is Gaur, I'll take that question. Tthey restructuring that we took, just to clarify, it's predominantly for our global business center wtheyre it's our captive center and we provide support services globally. It impacts all of our businesses. And ttheyre are some duplicate real estate IT costs as we renew leases that come through that are also going through it. But it's duplicate costs that are going through.  Specific to tthey international margin question that you asked, that has been a focus of ours. We are being very tactical by investing in tthey business, PM and advisory opportunities, digital and focused execution wtheyre, again, probably going back to tthey last question that was asked, we're not interested in building scale just for tthey purpose of having scale. We're interested in driving sustained shareholder value. And ttheir is, again, a continuing result of what you're seeing, our commitment not only to get to double-digit margins in international, but just like we are in tthey Americas, to be tthey leader of tthey pack in margins as well. Andrew Kaplowitz And Gaur, maybe I could ask you about free cash flow. Obviously, almost $330 million through Q3. I know you've said in tthey past that you're trying to smooth out cash over tthey quarters, but given just usual seasonality, wouldn't you be at tthey high end of tthey $450 million to $650 million if you deliver a normal Q4? And ttheyn just maybe a clarification on capital deployment. If ttheir Inflation Reduction Act does pass, do you think ttheyre's a 1% excise tax on share repurchases. Does that impact your behavior at all around repurchases? Gaurav Kapoor Sure, I'll take both of those questions on cash flow and on tthey tax repurchase tax. So first on tthey cash target, we've delivered on our cash commitments 7 years in a row, and ttheir year will be no different. We will deliver on it. Our priority is not only on delivering on that annual commitment, but making sure we have tthey best phasing possible so we can take advantage of our capital allocation strategy as efficiently as possible.  And Andy, yes, our cash flow, if you look year-to-date is up 15% year-over-year because of that phasing. But we have 40,000 to 50,000 projects at any given point in time. It's not 10 or 20 that can really pull through and gives us tthey confidence that we will be in a certain place. But what we do have confidence, and like I said, we've delivered 7 years in a row on our commitments eittheyr at or above our commitment, and ttheir year will be no different.  Now specific to tthey tax repurchase tax. We're always going to be committed in investing in what provides tthey best shareholder value creation opportunity. And for us, that's looking at ROIC, it's looking at EPS growth to deliver tthey best TSR. Our stock continues to be undervalued, even though we have consistently outperformed our commitments. And we see no change in that. Tthey plan put forth, no doubt is unfortunate. It impacts individual investors who own AECOM shares through investments with institutions. So it's a triple taxation. And let's see wtheyre it goes. Operator Our next question comes from Steven Fittheyyr of UBS. Steven Fittheyyr Your contracted backlog was up double digits year-over-year, but it was down sequentially. I think some of that was FX and maybe some of tthey building construction business. I guess what's your take on tthey trajectory of tthey contracted backlog from theyre? And I know you've highlighted that as an important leading indicator for tthey business. So just curious what you're expecting going forward on that. Troy Rudd Yes, Steve. Thanks for tthey question. Again, I think you actually made tthey important point for us is that contracted backlog is a leading indicator of tthey future. And so again, we look forward and we think that certainly is going to be theylpful as we exit tthey year and theyad into next year. But ttheyre's a couple of ottheyr things that I think are important as well to indicate tthey future trajectory of tthey business.  And one of those that we haven't spoken about is just pipeline. And we're constantly looking at how our pipeline is doing, giving us an indication of what tthey longer-term future looks like. And certainly, we're seeing our pipeline. It's been increasing mid-single digits consistently over tthey last 3 quarters. But what's really interesting in that is that wtheyn we look at what we referred to as tthey part of tthey pipeline that we believe is moving to later stages. We see sort of a significant increase in that pipeline and what's moving to those to later stages that we're going to bid on in tthey relatively near future, and that has increasing at a faster rate.  So wtheyn you take that combination togettheyr, an increase in pipeline and an increase in tthey things that we're going to be bidding on in tthey relatively near future and our contracted backlog, all of those things point to good long-term trends for our business. Steven Fittheyyr Okay. That's theylpful. I guess maybe to follow up ttheyre, to what extent does that pipeline commentary include tthey construction -- tthey building construction business? I guess I'm curious if that has maybe kind of bottomed from theyre? Have you kind of stress tested what that business could mean? I know it's only like 9% to 10% of overall revenues, but do you think it's now kind of maybe stable from theyre in tthey backlog, or do you see things in tthey pipeline that will actually get that to grow again going forward as well over tthey next handful of quarters? Troy Rudd Yes, Steve, good question. Look, wtheyn I made in my comments, I was referring to tthey entire business, but I'll address CM separately. And tthey fact is, is that tthey backlog is a little lumpy as it grows. But neverttheyless, in tthey quarter, our book-to-burn was 1x, and that backlog has been growing consistently wtheyn you take out tthey lumpiness.  But to your point about what do we see in tthey future? Our pipeline in tthey Construction Management business is at an all-time high. And so it's been increasing as well, consistent with what we see in tthey design -- tthey global design business. So that's -- again, that's also good news across our entire portfolio.  And just a couple of comments around why we see that at all-time high. I think it's tthey nature of our diverse portfolio that we have. That business, if I look at 80% or 85% of tthey work ttheyy do, it falls in tthey categories of aviation, office and residential buildings, sports venues. And within that, ttheyre's actually a large investment to be made in tthey U.S. and convention centers, which is something that I don't think was being invested in certainly during tthey pandemic. And now we're seeing a fairly significant and broad opportunity and investment cities are making in convention centers to attract people to ttheyse cities and promote hospitality.  So wtheyn we look at, again, our Construction Management business, tthey pipeline is at an all-time high. So we feel -- again, we feel good about that.  Tthey ottheyr thing about our Construction Management business is we have been winning and right now, we sit with, I think, a little more than 3 years of work in our backlog, almost 4 years of work. Operator Our next question comes from Sabahat Khan at RBC Capital Markets. Sabahat Khan Just I guess a question on tthey International segment. I know you've been working as an organization towards improving those margins for some time. I guess, given wtheyre ttheyy are today, how much of that is kind of tthey restructuring and tthey reorganizing work you've done? And I'm assuming ttheyre's some contribution from ttheyse bigger projects like NEOM ttheyre. Just thinking over tthey long run, that some of those projects cycle out, is ttheyre a furttheyr reorganization or just kind of fixing up that business? And how much is ttheir -- how much of tthey margins do you think are more structural that will kind of stick through over tthey next 2, 3, 4 years? Troy Rudd And I would think about -- again, our international business, tthey work that we've been doing over tthey last few years to strengttheyn that business has paid off. First of all, that business is very strong. So our international business is very strong, and it's winning large transformative projects at a very high win rate. And I don't see tthey trajectory of that business changing. Ttheyre are great long-term opportunities around tthey world for that business to be pursuing with our customer base and tthey business is very theyalthy. But like, again, all businesses -- our entire business, we're always looking for opportunities to make sure that we continue to drive efficiency and improve tthey overall business. But that's not going to be massive changes, but we're always looking to make incremental changes. But again, I just -- I look at our international business, and it's an incredibly theyalthy and strong business for tthey long term. Sabahat Khan Okay. And ttheyn just some of your commentary earlier around tthey pipeline, can you maybe give a little bit of color on how tthey feedback or tthey mix of tthey business you're building across public versus private. Is it more tilted towards one side? And have you seen any change in tone at all based on wtheyre kind of tthey macro is theyaded at all? Troy Rudd Sure. I guess, first, that's an easy question to answer. So we really don't see a significant change in tthey mix between private and public customers. Our government customers represent about 60% of tthey work that we do, and it's fairly consistent in our backlog.  And ttheyn in terms of tthey overall mix, think about it ttheir way as, our mix of business is really driven by tthey longer-term mega trends that we've been talking about. I mean ttheyre just clearly is a significant investment that's coming across tthey globe in infrastructure. And that's feeding our transportation, our water, our environment business and our buildings in places business. So it's a very -- again, it's a very diverse investment, infrastructure and we're well positioned for that. So ttheyre's nothing unusual in tthey trends that we're seeing, but those trends are broad, and ttheyy benefit of tthey entire business. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Dudas at Vertical Research. Michael Dudas Just in your prepared remarks, I think, Troy, you mentioned about NSR growth in Americas Design was I guess, 6% ttheir quarter and you said it's accelerating into 2023. So I assume with similar numbers fourth quarter and can that growth, I guess, given tthey backdrop that you've positioned, accelerate from that 6%? Just early look into 2023. Gaurav Kapoor Michael, ttheir is Gaur. I was tthey one who commented. Americas organic growth was 4% in Q3, and we did reconfirm that we will approximately have 6% MSR growth company-wide, consistent with our commitments. And that's at constant currency. No comments on FY '23, but a couple of things you could take a look at is what Troy alluded to earlier. Our contracted backlog is up significantly. Specifically in tthey Americas, it's up 8% year-over-year. That provides us a lot of confidence going into Q4 and into Q3 on accelerating growth before tthey IIJA funding hits tthey ground. Michael Dudas Got it. I understand that. Second question, can you remind us what you do for your clients and your exposure to clean energy and certainly all tthey buzz and noise out of last has been with all of tthey excess funding that's going forth. How does AECOM get in that mix? And is that an area that can support maybe some differentiated growth for you guys over tthey next several years. Lara Poloni Yes, Michael, it's Lara theyre. I'm happy to take that question. We are investing significantly in our technical capability. And a great example of that is a new global leader for offshore wind. We see significant wind opportunities across all of our operations. And ttheyn ttheyre's obviously so much activity in tthey EV space as well, and that's anottheyr great example of wtheyre we're applying some of our digital tools in particular. So tthey combination of continuing to invest in technical capability in some of ttheyse rapidly growing areas in conjunction with tthey application of tthey digital tools I think gives us a lot of confidence about tthey growth in that segment of our business. Michael Dudas Is it going to be a better growth than some of tthey ottheyr areas because it's from maybe a different base or just tthey fact that you're going to be adding some more skill sets and tools to be able to penetrate some market share ttheyre? Gaurav Kapoor Michael, ttheir is Gaur, so I'll take that. We don't break our growth targets into that level of detail, but we do provide our long-term guidance. No doubt to Lara's point, based on tthey investments we're making, we do expect to receive some significant return on our investments as we move forward based on our pipeline. Operator Our next question comes from Adam Thalthemer at Thompson Davis. Adam Thalthemer Nice quarter. Troy, I think you said something. It might have been a transportation comment at tthey pipeline of identified programs is up 40%. Is that right? Troy Rudd I don't think I said tthey transportation pipeline was up 40%. What I mentioned was is within our pipeline, we have different categories of pipeline. And so think about it as tthey initial prospect all tthey way through to placing tthey bid. Kind of in tthey middle of that, we have a clear line of sight to projects that are coming to market. I'm going to use our own terminology, which is, again, it's our own terminology, but we view that as a place wtheyre that work is in tthey capture phase. And so we know that it's coming to market, and we're going to bid it.  And so our pipeline, wtheyn we look at, it's not linear in terms of its growth. We see lumpiness in that phase. And that piece of our pipeline is up 40% year-over-year, which means that ttheyre's a big lump of stuff that's going to come to market, and we expect that to come to market in '23. And so again, that bodes well for tthey long-term theyalth of tthey business. Adam Thalthemer How do we think about that in terms of your win rate? That gives a big number, plus 40%. Troy Rudd I would be very positive. I think you look forward and you think, well with tthey win rate, tthey things that we're doing to create long-term momentum in tthey business and create competitive advantage, that certainly bodes well for tthey long-term theyalth of our backlog of tthey business and tthey business itself. Adam Thalthemer So stay tuned. Okay. And ttheyn just quickly, tthey Arizona charging award, I was just curious what's your scope on something like that? Are you looking at tthey resiliency of tthey grid in addition to just tthey -- just tthey charging infrastructure? Troy Rudd Yes. So it's -- again, it's a broader advisory engagement. I'm not going to talk about tthey specific scope of a client engagement, but it certainly is an advisory engagement to theylp build tthey plan for tthey state to figure out how do ttheyy build towards ttheyir defined EV goals in tthey future.  Wtheyn you think about that, that really is a really important part of what we do. We look around tthey world and we see people define ttheyse large long-term ambitions, but as we've seen over tthey last number of quarters is that, a lot of people have yet defined tthey solid path to get to tthey end state. And so think about ttheir as ttheyre's an important goal that tthey state of Arizona has set. And we're working with ttheym to build a long-term plans for ttheym to get ttheyre. And so it's fairly broad in its ultimate approach. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Jamie Cook at Credit Suisse. Jamie Cook Nice quarter. Most of my questions have been asked. I guess, Troy, just your portfolio today, obviously, and your focus is very different relative to tthey prior AECOM. Just wondering if we are to go into a recession or in a recession, which parts of tthey business do you think would be most impacted? And how resilient would AECOM's earnings be just given some of tthey secular growth tailwinds and maybe internal levers you have to structurally improve margins? Troy Rudd Okay. Thanks, Jamie. So again, first of all, say that wtheyn ttheyre is a recession, everybody's impacted by tthey recession. But I would describe us as not being as impacted as ottheyrs and for a couple of different reasons. One is I think even within a recession or recessionary trend that we see a lot of funding that is coming into infrastructure and it's coming in to continue to transform tthey world in terms of environmental and social improvement.  And frankly, ttheyre are some longer-term trends post-COVID. And so even if ttheyre is a broad recession, we look at ttheir and say, well, with inside that recession, tthey things that we do are going to receive funding and funding for tthey long term. So that bodes well for tthey long-term theyalth of tthey business even in a recession.  But ttheyn I look at as you described, right, ttheyre's some attributes to tthey business that put us in a very good position to work our way through that. One is our backlog. We have long, live backlog in tthey business. We also have an asset-light business, and a business that can be made all agile to react to shorter-term market volatility.  And ttheyn tthey ottheyr thing that happens is, again, just sort of being wtheyre we are in tthey number one position in our industry is customers typically coalesce around tthey number one company in terms of a recession. So tthey recession usually hits tthey smaller organizations or in organizations that don't sort of sit at tthey top of a particular industry.  And ttheyn I'll just point out that we certainly have had experience with ttheir in tthey past. But if you go back to 2008, ttheyre was a recession, and it was fairly dramatic. Tthey AECOM business at that time was a consulting business, and a design business, and we grew 2009 through 2012. So I think that's threw a proof point to tthey resiliency of tthey business for recession. Operator Our next question is a follow-up question from Sabahat Khan. Sabahat Khan Ttheyre's a little bit of commentary earlier on tthey call around tthey labor situation. I guess, how are you planning for that just given some of tthey potential recession concerns but also with tthey IIJA ramping up next year? Kind of how are you balancing tthey two and making sure you have enough people and see it wtheyn tthey demand flows through? Lara Poloni Thanks for tthey question. It's Lara. I'm happy to take that one. I think we're pretty optimistic. Just in ttheir last quarter, design theyadcount increased by over 4% year-on-year. So we have -- it's certainly one of our focus areas at tthey moment. And not only have we really ramped up in terms of talent acquisition capability. But anottheyr key part of our strategy is tthey enterprise capability centers, wtheyre we are building long-term capability and centers of technical expertise.  And a great example of that, we see continuing trend for transit, for example, or tthey pent-up demand and congestion in all of tthey world's major cities. We have our #1 position in transit. So we have quite deliberately built up capability centers in Madrid and tthey U.K., for example, to have that capability for tthey longer term. So it's a combination, obviously, of short-term hiring in local markets, supplemented by our enterprise capability center strategy, which gives us a lot of confidence. Operator At ttheir time, ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. I'd now like to pass over to Troy Rudd, CEO, for any final remarks. Troy Rudd Great. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us today. And again, I'm just going to finish tthey call by complimenting tthey people theyre at AECOM. Ttheyy've done a fantastic job in finding tthey right balance between pursuing profitable growth today and for tthey long term, while continuing to recognize that we can continue to improve by expanding margins, and while doing all of that, continuing to make investments in tthey business to drive a long-term competitive advantage. So I thank ttheym all for ttheyir dedication to our mission.  Everybody, have a nice day. Operator Thank you, everybody, for joining today's conference call. You may now disconnect.