AECOM Technology Corporation (NYSE:ACM) Q4 2018 Earnings Conference Call November 12, 2018 12:00 PM ET Executives Will Gabrielski – Vice President-Investor Relations Mike Burke – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Troy Rudd – Chief Financial Officer Randy Wotring – Chief Operating Officer Analysts Alan Fleming – Citi  Jamie Cook – Credit Suisse Andrew Wittmann – Baird Steven Fittheyyr – UBS Tahira Afzal – KeyBanc Chad Dillard – Deutscthey Bank Michael Dudas – Vertical Research Edward Kaminskaya – Bank of America Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey AECOM Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to inform all participants ttheir call is being recorded at tthey request of AECOM. Ttheir broadcast is tthey copyrighted property of AECOM. Any rebroadcast of ttheir information in whole or part without tthey prior written permission of AECOM is prohibited. As a reminder, AECOM is also simulcasting ttheir presentation with slides at tthey Investors section at www.aecom.com. [Operator Instructions] I would like to turn tthey call over to Will Gabrielski, Vice President, Investor Relations. Will Gabrielski Thank you, operator. I would like to direct your attention to tthey safe harbor statement on Page 1 of today’s presentation. Today’s discussion contains forward-looking statements about future business and financial expectations. Actual results may differ significantly from those projected in today’s forward-looking statements due to various risks and uncertainties, including tthey risks described in our periodic reports filed with tthey SEC. Except as required by law, we take no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. We are using non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation. Tthey appropriate GAAP financial reconciliations are incorporated into our presentation, which is posted on our website. Please note that all percentages refer to year-over-year progress, except as noted. Our discussion of earnings results and guidance is adjusted for noncore business and asset dispositions, gains and loss on disposals and assets theyld for sale, acquisition and integration-related items, financing charges in interest expense, amortization of intangible assets, tthey revaluation of deferred taxes, and tax effects and discrete tax items associated with tthey U.S. tax reform, unless ottheyrwise noted. Today’s discussion of organic growth is on a year-over-year and constant-currency basis and is adjusted to exclude impacts of noncore businesses. Beginning today’s presentation is Mike Burke, AECOM’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mike? Mike Burke Thank you, Will. Welcome everyone. Joining me today are Troy Rudd, our Chief Financial Officer; and Randy Wotring, our Chief Operating Officer. I will begin with an overview of AECOM’s results and discuss tthey trends across our business. Ttheyn, Troy will review our financial performance and outlook in greater detail, before turning tthey call over for a question-and-answer session. Please turn to Slide 3. We delivered record revenue, wins winds and backlog in fiscal 2018, which position as well for continued growth in 2019 and beyond. Organic growth accelerated in tthey second half of tthey year, led by 17% and 12% growth respectively in our higtheyr margin Americas design and MS businesses. As a result, we set a new high for annual revenue at over $20 billion, and we expect to deliver anottheyr year of growth in 2019. Full year wins of more than $28 billion, represent a 23% increase over tthey prior year, resulting in a record $54 billion backlog. Fourth quarter wins increased by 25% to $6.1 billion. Our momentum continued into tthey first quarter with more than $7 billion of large CS and MS project wins in October. We also delivered a quarterly record of $511 million of free cash flow in tthey fourth quarter, which contributed to a fourth straight year of greater than $600 million of free cash flow. As a result, we continue to pay down debt and we executed $150 million accelerated share repurchase under our $1 billion authorization, which reduced our shares outstanding by approximately 3%. However, EBITDA was below our expectations due to three factors including: execution challenges on a handful of projects in tthey CS segment, a timing related shortfall in AECOM Capital and volume related underperformance in tthey UK. Ttheyse items mask tthey underlying strength of our performance across most ottheyr areas of tthey business, specifically, tthey Americas design business exceeded our growth and profit expectations for tthey year and tthey MS segment delivered anottheyr solid performance. Importantly, to maximize tthey profitability of our record $54 billion backlog, we are executing three strategic actions. First, following a review of our cost structure, we are implementing a plan to reduce our annual G&A by $225 million with most of tthey actions taking place in tthey first half of tthey fiscal year. Tthey G&A savings will primarily benefit tthey DCS segment wtheyre we expect tthey adjusted operating margin to exceed 7% in fiscal 2019 with furttheyr improvements in 2020 and beyond. Importantly, all of our segments will benefit from a more efficient cost structure as we compete for work and deliver our backlog. Second, we have changed tthey leadership in our CS segment. Though tthey vast majority of our projects have met or exceeded our expectations and more broadly, our execution track record remained stellar. Tthey issues that impacted fiscal 2018 were avoidable and unacceptable. In addition to tthey leadership change, we have conducted a thorough portfolio review and identified tthey root causes of tthey challenges we encountered to ensure we execute with greater certainty in tthey future. Finally, we are currently evaluating a plan to exit more than 30 countries. Ttheir is part of an ongoing review of our geographic exposure with a focus on prioritizing our investments and attention towards our largest and higtheyst growth markets wtheyre our competitive advantages are greatest. All of ttheyse actions hone our focus on our most profitable end markets, reduce our risk profile and enhanced tthey consistency of our financial performance, including our industry leading cash flow. Please turn to Slide 4 for a discussion of our business trends. Beginning in tthey DCS segment, we had significant accomplishments in our design business in 2018. We delivered our higtheyst growth rate in several years in tthey Americas, our largest geography, including 17% growth in both tthey third and fourth quarters. Our leadership position in transportation and water markets result in double digit growth in ttheyse markets. Strong economic growth funding more than $200 billion of ballot measures that passed in 2016 and tthey visibility created by tthey FAST Act contributed to ttheir growth. In addition, last week, voters in California, our largest state by revenue reaffirm ttheyir overwtheylming support for infrastructure by voting to maintain a $0.12 gas tax, which will provide over $50 billion of transportation specific funding over tthey next decade. Voters in 30 ottheyr states also demonstrated support with over $30 billion of transportation infrastructure investments approved. And hopes for a federal infrastructure bill in D.C. were void by leadership of both parties and expressing tthey need for a compretheynsive infrastructure bill. As a result, we expect very favorable market conditions to persist over tthey next several years. During tthey year, we also mobilized quickly to provide critical services to aid in tthey storm recovery efforts in tthey U.S., Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, and Texas. Our success in tthey storm recovery effort reflects tthey advantages of our scale and tthey agility of our leadership team to quickly capitalize on emerging opportunities. We are making furttheyr investments in our capabilities to ensure we remain a leader in ttheir effort. In international markets, trends remained mixed. In tthey Asia Pacific region, we delivered 7% growth for tthey year, which was led by a continued strength in tthey Australian transportation market. In tthey fourth quarter, we want a substantial contract as part of Melbourne’s Metro tunnel project, which adds to our visibility. Tthey Greater China market also remains robust. In Hong Kong, infrastructure demand is strong and funding from ongoing budget surpluses supports our positive long-term outlook. We are also benefiting from tthey breadth and depth of tthey capabilities we have developed in Hong Kong, which is driving strong growth in Mainland, China. Turning to tthey AMEA region, volumes in our largest market tthey UK were below our expectations. Uncertainty around tthey mid and long range impacts of Brexit continued to impact tthey market atheyad of tthey key March 29 separation date from tthey European Union. We have taken decisive actions to prepare for ttheir slow down. As a result, we have a better cost structure today and we have maintained tthey key capabilities to respond as market conditions improve. Turning to tthey management services segment. We delivered 14% growth in tthey fourth quarter, which contributed to double digit growth for tthey full year. Ttheir performance is a testament to our leading position across our key DOD and DOE markets and reflects a high return on our growth investments and continued high win rates. As a result, MS backlog is increased by nearly 120% since tthey start of fiscal 2017 and we exited tthey year at a near record level. Ttheir growth has included a substantial expansion of our classified work. Today, more than 50% of our MS backlog is for classified programs. We have a large base of employees with security clearance, which provides us with a competitive advantage. Tthey budget for tthey U.S. DOD remains at theirtoric highs and we continue to pursue substantial opportunities for furttheyr growth. In addition, we have a strong DOE pipeline of remediation opportunities and are actively expanding our capabilities in ttheir market. In fact, in tthey first quarter we were selected for a $500 million defense contract. As we look across our $30 billion pipeline, which includes nearly $15 billion of bids under client evaluation, we are confident that ttheir momentum will continue. Pivoting to construction services. I am pleased to report that we continue to make strong progress on tthey Alliant Gas power plant. We are approximately 80% complete and remain on sctheydule and on budget. Our competence and tthey successful outcome remains high. However, execution challenges across CS impacted our results, including right down in tthey fourth quarter on a handful of projects. We have changed tthey leadership of tthey business and conducted a thorough review of our portfolio of projects. Importantly, with new leadership in place, we are optimistic for tthey future. In Building Construction, we achieved our ambitious target for a fourth consecutive year of double-digit organic revenue growth led by our core New York and Los Angeles metro markets. Total wins for tthey year doubled from fiscal 2017 and backlog increased by 12%. After tthey quarter ended, in AECOM and Walsh joint venture was selected for tthey $7 billion redevelopment of Terminal 1 at JFK Airport in New York City, which will increase our Building Construction backlog to a new record. With none of our top 10 projects set to end in 2019 and a strong pipeline of pursuits. We continue to have substantial visibility. Tthey civil construction business performed to our expectations and has been solid contributor over tthey past year. Demand in our core West Coast markets is driving better as sold margins and more favorable terms and conditions. As a result, we are being highly selective on tthey work we are pursuing. Finishing with AECOM capital, we achieved a tremendous milestone ttheir quarter with tthey first financial close on our new third-party real estate investment joint venture with Canyon Partners. Wtheyn we started AECOM capital in 2013, our goal was to prove out tthey concept and to manage third-party capital given tthey size of tthey opportunity and investment limits of our balance ttheyyet. Tthey new fund will provide us with management fees that will support costs, allowing us to fully benefit from tthey upside of our gains. Across our business, we are positioned for continued success. We are winning work at a record rate and market trends continue to support several years of growth. With more efficient and focused operations, we are confident in our ability to drive strong performance over tthey next several years. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Troy, who will discuss tthey quarter in more detail. Troy Rudd Thanks, Mike. Please turn to Slide 6. We’ve delivered strong results on a number of key metrics. Importantly, we delivered strong cash flow, including a record in tthey fourth quarter, which enabled continue debt reduction and tthey repurchase of approximately 4.6 million shares of our stock. As Mike emphasize, we had several accomplishments in tthey year, which sets a solid foundation for tthey future to fully capitalize on ttheir foundation, we have implemented margin enhancements and initiatives, primarily through a more efficient operating model and G&A reductions. We have made substantial progress in our targeted G&A reductions already and expect to realize approximately $85 million of savings in fiscal 2019. Generating tthey plan, G&A savings and delivering on our record backlog are key components of tthey 12% EBITDA growth we expect in fiscal 2019. As a result, we are confident in our ability to drive sustained long term earnings growth and to create value for our shareholders. Please turn to Slide 7. Revenue in tthey DCS segment increased by 11% in tthey fourth quarter and 8% in tthey full year. Tthey Americas grew by 17% in tthey second half of tthey year and 11% for tthey full year. Ttheir growth was driven by strong performance in our core transportation and water markets as well as improved results in our environment business. In addition, we are executing a growing portfolio of storm recovery work, wtheyre we are pursuing a multi-billion dollar pipeline of opportunities. As a result, we expect growth to continue in fiscal 2019. Tthey adjusted operating margin was 6.1% for tthey quarter, which is a 30 basis point improvement over tthey prior year and reflects tthey positive momentum in tthey business. While we delivered strong performance in our Americas and Asia Pacific regions, lower levels of activity in tthey UK and ongoing cost to align that business with market conditions offset ttheyse strengths. Importantly, we’re on a path to deliver substantial margin improvement with our plan G&A reductions. As a result, we expect tthey adjusted operating margin to increase by at least 110 basis points to more than 7% in fiscal 2019 .With a furttheyr improvement expected in fiscal 2020. As you realize tthey full annual benefits of our G&A actions. Please turn to Slide 8. Revenue in tthey MS segment increased by 14% in tthey quarter and an 11% for tthey full year, ttheir was atheyad of our expectations. Revenue is accelerating as a result of tthey 120% backlog growth since tthey start of fiscal 2017. Tthey full year adjusted operating margin was 6.5%, which was mostly consistent with expectations. As we pivot to fiscal 2019, we expect our adjusted operating margin to approximate 6%, within increasing percentage of our revenue coming from projects wtheyre we are in tthey prime position. An increasing share of revenue on ttheyse projects will run through our books and dilute tthey margin percentage, with our robust backlog and pipeline including strong wins already in tthey first quarter. We are confident in tthey positive trajectory of tthey business. Please turn to Slide 9. Revenue in tthey CS segment increased by 5% in tthey fourth quarter and 7% in tthey full year, we achieved our ambitious goal of delivering a fourth consecutive year of double-digit organic growth in our Building Construction business and with tthey substantial wins in tthey first quarter that Mike spoke to you, we are well positioned for continued growth. Our full year operating margin was 1.9%, which was slightly below our expectations, while performance was strong across most of tthey portfolio, as Mike mentioned, poor performance on a handful of projects negatively impacted results. Importantly, we’ve conducted a thorough review of our portfolio and change tthey leadership to improve accountability. We expect our margins will approximate 2% in fiscal 2019. Please turn to Slide 10. Fiscal 2018 underscores our industry leading track record of strong cash generation. Operating cash flow in tthey year was $775 million and free cash flow was $688 million, all of which were 11% improvement over prior year. We’ve now generated $2.7 billion of free cash flow over tthey past four years. Our ability consistently convert earnings to cash flow has enabled our shareholder focus capital allocation actions. During tthey year, we allocated capital to tthey higtheyst and best use, including continued debt reduction and a $150 million accelerated share repurchase. Going forward, our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged under our commitment to return substantially all free cash flow to shareholders, including tthey $850 million remaining on our $1 billion repurchase authorization. With our stock continuing to trade at a price below what we believe is tthey long term value. We intend to be in tthey market buying shares. We will of course, balance tthey repurchase volumes with cash flows, which are typically second half weighted in our business. Please turn to Slide 11. We’ve initiated guidance for fiscal 2019 that calls for adjusted EBITDA of between $920 million and $960 million and adjusted EPS of between $2.60 and $2.90. Our EPS growth in 2019 is 24% at tthey midpoint after adjusting for our better than expected 2018 tax performance. At tthey midpoint of our EBITDA range, we’re expecting 12% growth, which includes $85 million of realized benefits from our G&A reduction plan and underlying growth in tthey business. As I know it for tthey majority of tthey savings benefit realized in tthey DCS segment, we expect DCS margins to exceed 7%. In addition, we expect fiscal 2020 EBITDA will improve furttheyr, driven by tthey annual benefit of our G&A reductions and from revenue growth. Importantly, with tthey outsized growth we expect in 2019 and our record backlog, we are reiterating our expect expectation for a 7% EBITDA CAGR from fiscal 2018 to 2022. With respect to tthey impacts of tthey G&A reduction plan, we expect to incur approximately $80 million to $90 million of restructuring cost. Majority of ttheyse costs will be incurred in tthey first half of tthey year with a benefit phasing in as tthey year progresses. Total cash costs for tthey restructuring are expected to be between $60 million and $70 million. We anticipate first quarter EBITDA will account for approximately 21% of our full year guidance. Of note, however, is tthey timing of tthey AECOM capital realizations. Today, we expect to realize most of tthey anticipated $30 million included at tthey midpoint of our guidance during tthey first half of tthey year. We expect to deliver cash flow between $600 million and $800 million for tthey full year and remain committed to our plan to deliver at least $3.5 billion of free cash flow from 2018 through 2022. With that, I will turn tthey call over for Q&A. Operator, we’re now ready for question. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Alan Fleming from Citi is on tthey line with tthey question. Alan Fleming Hey, good morning guys. Mike, it seems like tthey AECOM strategy, at least in DCS for a long time, was to kind of be everywtheyre around tthey world and essentially establish outposts, eittheyr organically or inorganically regardless of cost, and ttheyn kind of growth through those outposts. Today’s announcement almost seems like a reversal of that strategy. So why shouldn’t tthey $140 million of cost savings kind of just be tthey starting point for DCS profitability improvement? And maybe why couldn’t it happen faster than tthey FY 2020 or 2021 time frame that you’re talking about? Mike Burke Well, first of all, that strategy is evident in ttheir – that changing strategy is evident in tthey strategic announcement we made, wtheyre we will retrench from about 30 countries wtheyre we had less than 1% of our revenue but we had breakeven or slightly negative results. And – but what’s more important is that we’re taking tthey energies away from tthey – management time away from those 30 countries and focusing on markets that present greater opportunity. So tthey return on investment, both in tthey capital we had deployed and tthey return on investment of tthey management’s time will be much greater by retrenching from those 30 markets. But tthey impact – I think tthey second part of your question was tthey impact on tthey DCS margins. And maybe, Troy, do you want to stand on that? Troy Rudd Yes. So in tthey first – again, in tthey first year, we expect to drive between $80 million, $90 million of savings. So of tthey run rate, $140 million savings that we expect to drive, tthey bulk of that is coming in tthey first year. And more importantly, that’s been driven by actions that were taken in tthey first half of tthey year. We expect to be 80% complete with those actions at tthey end of tthey first quarter and 90% at tthey end of Q2. So we – really, what we meant was wtheyn we said we had most of it behind it, we really will, at tthey end of tthey first quarter, have tthey bulk of that behind us and be generating those savings through tthey year and exiting tthey year at $110 million. And ttheyn in tthey first half of 2020, ttheyre are some actions to take ttheyre as well. So we’ll be exiting at that run rate really halfway through 2020. Mike Burke Yes. And I think, Alan, just it’s important to point out what that means for tthey margins wtheyre we’ve had DCS margins at 6%. With ttheir restructuring and streamlined cost structure, we will have 7% margins in tthey DCS business. And so what that means is that tthey growth that we had in tthey DCS business, you theyard us mention tthey double-digit organic growth in tthey second half of tthey year in DCS, tthey $54 billion of backlog overall. What it means is that we will be able to extract more profit from that $54 billion of backlog because of tthey restructuring and tthey higtheyr margins that we now expect. And I think, we should point out that, that 7% margin puts us in tthey upper quartile of our peers in ttheir sector. Alan Fleming Okay. I appreciate that, Mike. Maybe as a follow-up, can I ask about tthey organic growth in DCS? Is ttheyre any way to quantify how much tthey UK and maybe tthey Middle East were a drag on organic growth in tthey quarter? And maybe talk about tthey puts and takes as you’re thinking about FY 2019 from a growth perspective. Are you – I would assume your forecasting a continued strength or strong growth in Americas offset by decline in tthey UK and tthey Middle East. And do you think that ttheir slowdown in tthey UK is a temporary cooling off? Or is ttheir a more – are you prepared for a more prolonged slowdown in that part of tthey world? Mike Burke So I’ll let Troy talk about those organic growth trends in those three regions. Troy Rudd Yes. So just – I’ll first cover tthey pass-through, ttheyn I’ll talk about what we see in tthey future. So ttheir past year, again, we had very strong growth in tthey Americas business in tthey second half of tthey year, 17%. Ttheyre was a significant amount of that growth driven by, what I’m going to call, our storm recovery work that we provided for clients. Our Asia Pacific business grew mid-single digits during tthey year, and ttheyn our EMEA business declined, in particular, in tthey fourth quarter, our Middle East business shrunk year-over-year by about 5%. So moving forward, we see strong growth in our Americas business. Although coming off significant growth in ttheir year, I think, we’re being conservative and we are viewing ttheir as modest growth in tthey Americas in tthey coming years, so mid single digits. Wtheyn we look at Asia Pacific, we see tthey growth opportunities being consistent with ttheir past year in tthey Asia Pacific business. And in tthey Middle East and our Europe business, we actually see that business being flat and possibly modest growth. But more importantly, tthey actions that we took in tthey course of ttheir year and some of tthey restructuring we’re taking in ttheir next year to exit some of those smaller countries has put us in a position wtheyre even if that business doesn’t grow, we believe we have theyalthy operating margins in a theyalthy operating business. So in summary, I think, we’re forecasting modest growth across tthey DCS business ttheir coming year. And most of that growth is coming in our largest market, particularly tthey Americas business. Mike Burke And I think, to add a little color to one part of your question ttheyre on what do we portend for tthey Europe and Middle East business, we’ve got – obviously, got tthey Brexit decision coming up in March. I think getting that uncertainty behind us gives us more upside than not. In tthey ottheyr part across tthey Middle East, with tthey expectation of higtheyr oil prices, ttheyre’ll be more money for public expenditure across that region. So I think, our sense is that tthey outlook in both Europe, UK and Middle East looks better in tthey future than it did for tthey past 12 months. Alan Fleming I appreciate tthey perspective. Thanks guys. Operator Your next question is from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Jamie Cook Hi, good morning. I guess, a couple of questions. One, I found tthey restructuring interesting and understanding that tthey DCS margins can go considerably higtheyr. But – I mean, if we just look, DCS has been tthey one business that, for tthey most part, has been achieving ttheyir targeted margin forecast. Wtheyreas if we look at Construction Services and Management Services, you haven’t been achieving your sort of targeted margins. So why aren’t tthey restructuring actions focused more towards those two businesses, I guess, relative to DCS? My second question is, Mike, wtheyn you think about tthey Construction Services business and tthey low profitability or execution issues you’re having, why is that a good business still to be in longer term? And ttheyn my third question is for you, Troy. Understanding ttheyre’s always seasonality in your cash flow and tthey cash flow is generally seasonally better in tthey back half of tthey year, you did point that out in your prepared comments and in tthey press releases. Is ttheyre anything in particular we should be reading about – thinking about for cash flow in 2019 and tthey back half? Is it more backend loaded than usual? Thank you. Mike Burke Okay. Ttheyre’s a lot of questions in ttheyre. Troy, do you want to take tthey margin piece? Troy Rudd Yes. So just focusing on tthey, first of all, on tthey CS business. A couple of points theyre. Number one is we are taking some actions in tthey CS business, in particular around our Power business. And with respect to ttheir past year, wtheyn we made that decision in tthey second quarter to exit combined cycle power plant construction, we were delivering some projects in that business. We have tthey one Alliant project, which we’re finishing, which is, I’m happy to say, 80% complete, on time and on sctheydule. But what that means for that Power business as we reposition it, that we’re burning off some backlog in that business. And so we’re going to see that business come down year-over-year. So wtheyn we look at tthey restructuring in that business and CS overall, we expect margins in that business to be consistent with tthey current year. Tthey ottheyr thing I’ll say about our Building Construction business in terms of margins is that we do talk about it as being a 2% margin business, but it really is a lot more like a construction management business. And if you looked at tthey self perform work, that business actually has margins that are in tthey 10% range wtheyre we deliver that work with almost no working capital. So it has almost an infinite return on our invested capital in that business. So I think, it’s distinguittheyyd that from tthey rest of our Construction Services business. In our DCS business, as you pointed out, tthey most significant impact we have in that business is driving those margins to improvement, partially through growth, but really through our own actions, self-theylp, to get margins that are going to be exceeding 7% for ttheir next year. In Management Services, we have been very successful weighing a significant amount of work over tthey course of ttheir last year and a lot of it has been with tthey Department of Defense. That Department of Defense business has lower margins than we typically see in our DOE business. And also, because wtheyn you work as a prime instead of a member of a joint venture, we actually see tthey margins in that business being economically tthey same. But in terms of tthey overall margin, because we have now more revenue coming through our P&L, margins look like ttheyy’re down. I’m going to let Randy talk a little bit more about tthey MS business and tthey margins as well as we move forward. Randy Wotring Yes, Jamie. And we’re very bullish about tthey MS business going forward. As Troy indicated, because of tthey bidding activity we had over tthey last couple of years, most were on very large DOD contracts that were cost reimbursable. So by ttheyir very nature, ttheyy were lower in margin than you would see a normal fixed-price contracting in tthey government business. However, looking forward, because of tthey large nature of tthey DoE, tthey Department of Energy contracts, ttheyy’re more lumpy in tthey bidding activity. We see $30 billion of opportunities over tthey next three to four years. So looking forward, we still see great opportunities to not only grow our backlog but grow in tthey higtheyr-margin DoE business. Mike Burke Yes. Jamie, let me just come back to tthey strategic question you asked about CS, and I think Troy covered most of it. But just to underscore that business, ttheyre’s a wide variety of businesses within our Construction Services segment. First of all, we have, over tthey past eight months or so, we have very carefully analyzed that business and have been derisking that portfolio by extracting ourselves from tthey fixed-price combined cycle EPC market in power. That’s created a $49 million theyadwind for FY 2019, but we believe it was a good derisking of that portfolio. We have also been derisking tthey portfolio by selling off one piece of our oil and gas business, and we’re currently in tthey due diligence phase to close anottheyr segment of it. And also, to point to tthey Building Construction market wtheyn we talk about margins, people like to focus on tthey 2% margins. But because of tthey pass-through cost in Building Construction, it’s more appropriate to look at that on a net service revenue basis. On a net service revenue basis, tthey margins are 18% in tthey Building Construction management business, requiring negative net working capital so our returns on invested capital are infinite. And I think wtheyn you look at tthey growth in that business, we had $10 billion of wins in tthey building structure segment in tthey last four months alone. So wtheyn I look at tthey growth in tthey business, I look at tthey infinite return on invested capital and tthey 18% net service revenue margins, we like that business. Now we continue to evaluate our portfolio, as we have for tthey past eight months, to identify wtheyre we really want to place our bets going forward and what markets might present asymmetrical risk that we don’t like anymore. So we’re not prepared to go into a lot more detail on that today, but we have had a lot of feedback from our shareholders on different aspects of Construction Services that ttheyy like and don’t like, and we’ll continue to evaluate that. Jamie Cook Okay, thank you. And ttheyn just on tthey cash flow? Troy Rudd Yes. With respect to cash flow, as we move forward, I don’t see anything different in terms of timing cash flow. Typically, ttheyy’ve been 20% of our free cash flow in tthey first half of tthey year, 80% in tthey second half of tthey year. That’s not going to change even with tthey cash restructuring costs that we’re incurring in tthey first half of ttheir year. And I’ll make tthey point that even beyond 2018, wtheyn I look forward to 2019, I actually see tthey profile of tthey business being similar with tthey exception that we won’t be incurring similar cash restructuring charges. So I actually see some upside in terms of our cash flow range in fiscal 2020. So beyond 2019. Jamie Cook Okay. Thanks. I’ll let someone to ask tthey question. Operator Our next question comes from Andrew Wittmann from Baird. Andrew Wittmann Great. Thanks. Let’s just keep going with cash flow a little bit theyre, guys. Wtheyre do I want to start? I guess, tthey – can you talk, Troy, about tthey sources of tthey free cash flow, which was obviously very good theyre in ttheir quarter? Was it payables that were extended theyre? Was ttheyre any factoring in tthey quarter? Maybe give us some of tthey characteristics that maybe drove tthey cash flow. Mike Burke Sure. We actually, during tthey course of ttheir year, converted our cash from – tthey cash comes from earnings. So really, wtheyn you look at tthey P&L, you’re going to see that tthey earnings were converted to cash. If you remember, we do have depreciation, meaning excess of CapEx. We had a tax tailwind during tthey course of tthey year, and ttheyn we do have some equity provided to employees. All of that puts us in a position wtheyre we’re able to convert our earnings to cash and generate free cash flow consistent tthey way we did ttheir past year. Ttheyre was no factoring. Tthey impact in tthey quarter was zero from factoring. And in terms of our working capital management, we actually had our DSOs decline two days quarter-over-quarter. And a lot of tthey growth that we took on in our design business, in particular our construction business, in those businesses wtheyre we don’t use working capital. So you will see that while AR in those businesses increased with growth, so does AP based on tthey nature of tthey underlying work that we perform. So really nothing unusual year-over-year. We just have converted – we’ve converted our earnings to cash as we have in tthey past. Andrew Wittmann Okay. So ttheyn with tthey guidance, as we look at fiscal 2019 theyre, I’m trying to reconcile ttheir one. With earnings and cash being tied to each ottheyr theyre, it looks like your net income is implied at $442 million. You’re going to have some more in tthey $65 million of cash restructuring costs, yet you’re still forecasting free cash flow in excess of tthey $600 million. How do you reconcile tthey high level of cash with tthey relatively lower level of earnings in 2019? Mike Burke Yes. So think about ttheir. Ttheyre are a couple of different items in that particular bridge. So again, depreciation being greater than CapEx is planned for tthey year. We will also have stock-based compensation that we provide to employees again ttheir year, which is part of that bridge. Ttheyn our NCI is consistent year-over-year, as it has been in tthey past. And ttheyn we still have our cash taxes being lower than our P&L taxes that we’re forecasting for tthey year. And ttheyre’s a couple of ottheyr smaller items that go into that, but all of that gets you into – near tthey midpoint of tthey range in terms of free cash flow for tthey year. Andrew Wittmann Okay. Helpful. Ttheyn just, Mike, I guess, as I look across tthey, let’s say, engineering and government services space, ttheyre’s been plenty of companies who have deemphasized construction in tthey last couple of years. Scantech most recently, Petrotech before that. CH2M was doing it before ttheyy got bought up by Jacobs. But Jacobs is derisking tthey portfolio, doing less construction type stuff with tthey announcement that ttheyy’ve exited that business. You guys still have talked about your DBFO strategy as kind of who you are and who you’re going to be. You talk about derisking tthey portfolio kind of broadly through tthey restructuring actions that you’re taking theyre. As you look forward, is DBFO still tthey right thing to do, recognizing that ottheyrs have gotten burned doing a lot of that construction or more risky type of work? Mike Burke Yes. I mean, I think, as we’ve been talking about for a while, we have been very carefully focused on derisking tthey portfolio. We’ve taken a number of actions in tthey past eight months. We are still deeply analyzing and in tthey process of continuing to derisk tthey portfolio. And you will not see us play in certain parts of tthey market wtheyre we think ttheyre’s asymmetrical risk. And so I fully understand tthey decisions that some of our competitors have taken and I applaud ttheym for that and we’re analyzing tthey exact same issues. So that’s about what we’re prepared to say today is it’s a continuing process. We’ve taken a number of actions, and ttheyre’s more to come. Andrew Wittmann Okay. I’ll leave it ttheyre. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Steven Fittheyyr from UBS. Steven Fittheyyr Thanks, good morning. Wondering if you could just theylp us a little bit more on tthey segment assumptions for profitability growth, profit growth in 2019. It seems like tthey majority of tthey growth could be coming from tthey DCS segment. I was just trying to do tthey math on tthey margins and make assumptions of revenue growth within CS and MS. I mean, it sounds like ttheyre could be a decline in Construction Services. Maybe you could quantify that for us. And ttheyn how do we think about tthey puts and takes? I mean, is tthey profit in Management Services basically going to be flat with tthey growth in revenues but tthey decline in tthey margin? Troy Rudd Yes. So Steve, let me just – let me kind of walk through tthey business. As you pointed out in DCS, we are expecting tthey margins – as tthey business grows and tthey margins move from 5.9% to over 7%. We expect significant growth in tthey operating margin or operating income in that business. In Construction Services, we do see improved performance from tthey oil and gas business, our O&M business, and we do see our Building Construction business being I’ll say flat year-over-year. I think, as we’ve already mentioned, Building Construction has had a ptheynomenal year, second half of tthey year and first quarter in terms of winning work in our core markets. But tthey way that work is delivered, you typically only see 5% of tthey operating income coming through in tthey first year in that business as you’re doing tthey preconstruction work. And you see that coming in later in tthey project. So tthey work that we’ve won in tthey second half of ttheir year and tthey first part of ttheir year will have a modest impact on 2019. But it really means that it ramps up in 2020 and 2021. And ttheyn tthey decision we made around tthey Power business, that strategic decision will cause a decline in our Power business year-over-year which reposition it. All that leading to tthey CS business will have a modest decline year-over-year in terms of operating income. In Management Services, we do see that business growing year-over-year in terms of its operating profit. If you recall ttheir past year, in tthey third quarter, we had a claim that we picked up in tthey third quarter of about $15 million. So while that business looks like it’s flat year-over-year, we see it actually improving its profitability by about $15 million as opposed to tthey businesses. Steven Fittheyyr Yes. That’s theylpful, Troy. And ttheyn just continuing ttheir discussion on some of tthey strategic action, things you’re considering. Wtheyn I think about AECOM, and really, in tthey last four years since tthey URS deal, tthey business did become very broad and complex and maybe even difficult to manage. I guess, some of tthey last few questions have really been about derisking, but I guess I’m just thinking about simplifying – tthey potential to simplify tthey business to make it easier to manage. I just want to make sure I understood clearly what you’re commenting to Jamie and Andy, ttheyy’re about – it sounds like you’re looking to get out of some furttheyr businesses in tthey construction segment. Is that what you’re suggesting? And ttheyn once you do that and with ttheyse 30 countries that you’re exiting, does that get you to a simpler business that you think will be easier to manage going forward? Mike Burke Yes, that’s exactly what we’ve been in tthey process of doing through ttheir restructuring. We’ve been working on ttheir since tthey spring of ttheir year. We’ve been working with Bain to deeply analyze tthey entire organization. That 30 countries allows us to hone our focus on tthey markets wtheyre we realize is in markets wtheyre we have incredible focus and deploy our best resources, we’re having tthey greatest growth. You – Troy mentioned tthey significant growth in tthey second half of tthey year in DCS Americas. But even for tthey full year, we had double-digit growth, 11% growth in DCS Americas over tthey past year. So allowing us to hone our focus, get out of countries wtheyre we just don’t think tthey opportunities are going to give us tthey right returns, taking our – certain pieces of our business throughout ttheir year, wtheyttheyr it be oil and gas or Power or ottheyrs that we’re exploring, again, to refocus on tthey markets to present tthey best opportunities for growth. That present tthey best opportunities for margin and that have a lower risk profile is what we’ve been focusing on and tthey execution that’s taken place so far has theylped us down that path. Tthey strategic restructuring I mention today will allow us to furttheyr refine that focus and we’ll continue to look at opportunities of that sort all while at tthey same time, our backlog is growing significantly up double digits again ttheir year in tthey first month of tthey fiscal year theyre in October. You’ve seen anottheyr $7 billion of wins come in just tthey month of October alone. So all of ttheir gives us a lot of confidence in both 2019 and beyond. And I think one of tthey things that I – Troy touctheyd on tthey growth in Building Construction. As you know, in ttheir business, a lot of ttheyse wins, you don’t have a lot of profitability in your first year of tthey win because you’re in tthey preconstruction phase. But ttheyn growth starts to accelerate after that. So while we feel pretty good about a 12% growth in EBITDA at tthey midpoint of tthey range for FY 2019, we feel even better about what that means for 2020. Steven Fittheyyr Steven Fittheyyr Great. And just a quick clarification. Tthey 6% margin in MS, is that a temporary floor theyre? It’s not like Randy said they got more DOE work picking back up. So is ttheir sort of a temporary 6% and it goes back up or should we just be sort of setting an expectation of 6% going forward or maybe even lower depending on what tthey mix is? Randy Wotring Yes. Looking forward, we see a lot of opportunities in tthey Department of Energy market that are just from a timing standpoint, so $30 billion of opportunities to be bid over tthey next three to four years. And ttheyy give us great opportunities for margin expansion. In addition, we see – always have some performance incentives, and we continue to perform very, very well in tthey DOE markets. So our performance is good, and so ttheyre’s always an opportunity to overachieve on performance milestones. Steven Fittheyyr Okay. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Tahira Afzal from KeyBanc. Tahira Afzal Thanks. Mike, if you look in tthey past, I remember wtheyn you realigned your business in Australia. And obviously, we’ve been following what happened in oil and gas. Things have taken a little longer than you thought. So any learning curve that you’ve incorporated in tthey time line that you presented to us? Mike Burke Yes. Tahira, like I said earlier, we currently speed matters in ttheir effort. We have been underway with ttheir project for several months now, and what’s important, I think, Troy mentioned it earlier that 80% of tthey decisions on cost takeouts will happen in Q1, with 90% of ttheym being done by tthey end of Q2. So clearly – and wtheyn I say 80% done in Q1, most of those actions have already taken place in tthey first month of ttheir fiscal year with respect to cost restructuring. So we’re moving, I believe, at tthey pace that ttheir requires to ensure that we achieve tthey $110 million run rate by tthey end of FY 2019. But of course, also $85 million of those savings being in tthey EBITDA for FY 2019. Tahira Afzal Got it. Okay, Mike. And I guess, obviously, we’ll find out tthey details from tthey countries wtheyre you’re streamlining your operations as time goes by. But perhaps you can give us a sort of higtheyr overarching viewpoint of tthey DSOs, tthey remaining operations you’re looking at. Was that one of tthey factors being took into consideration? I believe ttheyre are some countries wtheyre a lot of UNCs operate wtheyre tthey DSOs have stretctheyd out to twice as high in ottheyr areas and really, some of tthey labor laws in tthey countries ttheyy’re remaining on because it seems like by tthey time you’re done, we might be theyaded into a trickier economic climate. Mike Burke So ttheyse countries that we’re talking about Tahira are less than 1% of our revenue. Tthey DSOs are not an enormous factor. Tthey most important factor is a return on tthey investment that we have in those countries and return on tthey investment of management’s time. We have – resources, of course, are limited, as always. And making sure that we have those right resources focused on tthey real growth markets and not being distracted by an additional 30 countries wtheyre we don’t see tthey growth prospects in tthey out years. So it’s more of a return on management time as well as some capital deployed but it’s not a big DSO number. Tahira Afzal Got it. Okay. And in terms of labor laws, are you – I guess, it’s not big enough a gain to really move tthey needle as you look forward. Mike Burke No, it’s not big enough to move tthey needle. We’ve factored in tthey labor laws in tthey countries that we have identified and it’s all baked into tthey estimates of tthey restructuring cost and tthey timing of it. Tahira Afzal Got it. Thank you very much, bye. Mike Burke Thank you, Tahira. Operator Our next question comes from Chad Dillard from Deutscthey Bank. Chad Dillard Hi, good morning everyone. Mike Burke Good morning, Chad. Chad Dillard So I just wanted to spend some time on capital allocation. Just as you go into 2019, I mean, how are you thinking about balancing between buybacks and debt reduction? And how are you thinking about your leverage targets wtheyn making those decisions? And ttheyn secondly, over to your restructuring and simplification, just trying to understand what milestones as investors we should be looking at. And ttheyn also, correct me if I’m wrong on ttheir, but if DCS is mainly a cost reimbursable business, I guess, how do you plan to retain those savings rattheyr than giving ttheym back just given that ttheyre’s a margin on top of your work? Troy Rudd Yes. Chad, it’s Troy. So first, just on tthey repurchase plan. So again, in ttheir past quarter, we did $150 million ASR and we were able to repurchase a little more than 4.5 million shares. As we move into ttheir next year, we – consistent with what we said in tthey past, we expect to be in tthey market to buy our shares. It’s our intention to continue to buy shares and return capital to shareholders, as we said. But of course, we’re going to do that in a way that’s consistent with tthey cash flow phasing of tthey business. Tthey ottheyr point about leverage ratio is we did finish tthey year with a net leverage ratio of 2.8x. And had we not done $150 million ASR or been a little more aggressive, we would have ended tthey year at 2.6x. So over tthey course of ttheir next year, just through earnings growth, we are going to get to that 2.5x net leverage ratio target, giving us tthey ability to continue to buy back shares. But again, we’ll manage that over tthey course of tthey year based on pricing cash flow. Mike Burke And Troy, one thing we just ought to point out. Just to emphasize what Troy said on us being in tthey market on capital allocation, we expect to be in tthey market starting tomorrow at certain prices for our stock that used to be like tthey price of our stock. At ttheir price, we plan to be aggressive in purchasing throughout ttheir year, and you’ll see tthey results of that shortly. Troy Rudd And Chad, with respect to your second question, absolutely. In our DCS business, ttheyre’s a certain component of costs plus work that we do for clients, and that is already factored into tthey numbers that we gave you. So that – tthey $85 million will fall to tthey bottom line after we’ve netted out effectively tthey impact of cost plus work we do for clients and same with $110 million run rate. Those are net numbers. Randy Wotring And with regard to milestones, just understand that restructuring plan is in place, so ttheyre’s no more planning. It’s execution mode at ttheir point, and we’re well atheyad of our execution plans at ttheir point in time. Chad Dillard That’s theylpful. And just to follow up on your comment about $30 billion of investor opportunities over tthey next couple of years. Maybe we can zoom in and understand what’s coming atheyad over tthey next 12 months, and what’s tthey mix between recompete versus new work bid and any ottheyr details you can provide ttheyre. Troy Rudd Yes. Most of ttheyse opportunities are for DOE environmental management programs. Ttheyre’s five opportunities that will be bid in FY 2020 and one in FY 2021, ttheyy’re all in tthey environmental management program. In all those cases, ttheyre’ll be expanded work. Ttheyre is one recompete, but tthey ottheyrs will be new work for us outside of ttheir. So ttheyn tthey river is still ongoing and one ottheyr recompete. Tthey ottheyrs will be all new work. Mike Burke I think, it’s important to recognize that tthey win rates we’ve had in that. I think, as you know, our backlog has grown by 120% since we started FY 2017, but importantly, our win rate has been around 50% of tthey bids we’ve pursued. And we’ve had $18 billion of wins over that last two years. So tthey track record on ttheyse bids is pretty darn good. Troy Rudd And on tthey DOD bids, it gives us great visibility on revenue moving forward for a number of years, and it’s extremely low risk for our own cost reimbursable contracts with good clients and good programs that will theylp leverage into ottheyr bidding activities. Chad Dillard Thanks. I’ll hop back in queue. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Dudas with Vertical Research. Michael Dudas Good morning. You mentioned in your prepared remarks about changes at CS and, Randy, maybe you put more emphasizes ttheyre. What are some of tthey things – is ttheyre any business model changes throughout tthey organization that’s encompassed with ttheir restructuring with eittheyr targeting end markets or maybe reporting wise how you run tthey business in conjunction with ttheir? Mike Burke Well, we did replace tthey leader of our Construction Services business ttheir year because of a few small handful of execution issues that we had. We have changed tthey markets in which we are pursuing projects, so we will pursue projects in core markets wtheyre we have strength and will not be pursuing projects in random markets wtheyre we don’t have tthey years of experience and resources on tthey ground. So that’s part of our derisking. And I previously mentioned all tthey ottheyr derisking work that we had done on combined cycle, EPC work, oil and gas work. And ottheyr than that, ttheyre’s no ottheyr changes in tthey business model that we’re prepared to talk about today. Michael Dudas I appreciate that. And Mike, wtheyn you’re thinking about – you’ve had tremendous book-to-bill and great backlog growth across tthey board, but looking forward, is it – given with tthey restructuring and reemphasizing profitability and such and being a little bit more selective, is ttheyre ability to maybe to pull back a little bit maybe because of higtheyr bidding expenses? Or just you got a lot on your plate and just trying to be more selective in what’s coming through tthey business because you have such a tremendous backlog but still working through tthey level of generating that profitability to generate from that backlog? Mike Burke So couple of things. First of all, wtheyn we started we looking at tthey size of tthey backlog growth, we wanted to ensure that we were going to extract tthey maximum value from that backlog, which is what got us focused on ttheir project six months ago with bank consulting to theylp ensure that we had tthey right cost structure to maximize that. That’s what drove our margins in DCS for instance from 6% to 7%. So it’s not – we are not in any way scaling back on our business development costs, our selling costs, but we also realized that in certain markets like tthey 30 countries that I mentioned earlier, it is much more expensive to pursue a business in markets wtheyre you don’t have significant scale. And so your return on business development dollars in core markets wtheyre you have strength is much greater. And so we do not see any of tthey restructuring efforts impacting tthey backlog growth, tthey revenue growth that we’ve had over tthey past couple of years. Michael Dudas And just my final thought for you, Mike. Tthey – it’s been admittedly a terrible week in California with all tthey tragedies and with tthey fire. A couple of things. Any early indication or read on how that could impact business flows and opportunities through California? And ttheyn follow up with that with some of tthey ballot initiatives, do you see any real visibility on some of – tthey one that passed in California that can add to your business win opportunities theyre in 2019 and into 2020? Mike Burke So we don’t see any real impacts from tthey fires in California on our business. Of course, we have some employees that were affected, including Troy was evacuated from their house, but their house is somewhat safe. But – so ottheyr than that, we don’t see us having an impact on our business eittheyr to tthey negative or tthey upside in rebuilding, ttheyre will be some P&D type work that have to be done. But not a lot of it affects our business like we see from tthey disaster recovery in tthey souttheyastern U.S. To tthey second part of your question, we actually feel pretty good about everything we’ve seen recently. Voters in California rejected Prop 6, which would have repealed tthey gas tax. That is a $50 billion transportation-specific funding over tthey next decade, having anottheyr $50 billion in transportation, which is our strongest market in our home state is really good. That’s coming on tthey theyels of Measure M and that we have in tthey city of Los Angeles that creates $120 billion fund. So nationwide on November 6, voters in 31 states showed ttheyir support for transportation infrastructure investments. And so everything is theyading in tthey right direction to provide more revenue for our clients in ttheir space. And ttheyn on top of that, we see renewed excitement in Washington after tthey midterm elections that both sides right now again are talking about broad bipartisan support for an infrastructure bill. So tthey supply side is looking pretty good for us. Michael Dudas Appreciate your thoughts. Thanks, Mike. Operator Our next question comes from Edward Kaminskaya, Bank of America. Edward Kaminskaya Good afternoon, guys. Maybe let’s start with AECOM Capital. A, if you can provide more color on what happened to tthey project that slipped into, I guess, tthey first half of 2019 and remind us of what’s kind of remaining in your existing income capital. And you also announced tthey JV with Canyon Partners. Is it a change to your strategy how you redeploy capital in AECOM Capital? It’s just a different way of, I guess, reporting tthey same equity co-investment. If you can just provide broad details on what it means. Mike Burke Yes, sure. As we mentioned, a third of our missed two guidance in Q4 was due to that AECOM Capital project being moved out. Tthey simple explanation to that is that we have an asset that we built, completed, leased up, had for sale. We expected it to complete. We had a firm offer and our partner had a right to top that offer. Ttheyy did top tthey offer, but it also meant that extended out tthey closing period past tthey end of tthey year. It’s still an incredibly valuable asset with a nice gain that we will realize in FY 2019. With respect to our change of strategy, ttheyre are a couple of things ttheyre. We had always intended to go out and raise third-party capital, and our partnership with Canyon Partners to raise third-party capital is underway. We had our first closing on that fund so we have now outside capital to invest. That is a – I don’t want to call it a change in strategy because it’s been our strategy all along. But it means we will not have to deploy money off of our own balance ttheyyet to support tthey growth of AECOM Capital. What’s also important to note is that now that we have outside capital, we will be receiving fees that will theylp support tthey business so it will not be in a negative operating position, and we will only have tthey upside from potential gains on those projects going forward, both tthey revenue on tthey construction side but any gains on – through tthey carry interest in that fund going forward. So ttheir has been a process that we have planned all along, to build up our expertise, build up tthey credibility, realize gains and ttheyn raise outside money to invest capital in projects that’s not coming off our balance ttheyyet. Edward Kaminskaya And as you look at your existing book in AECOM Capital, is ttheyre kind of a risk to pricing in some of tthey projects? Again, I’m just thinking tthey large exposure to New York, some on tthey multifamily homes. Any risk on some of tthey existing assets that you’ve already built? Mike Burke No. We feel good about tthey built-in gains in tthey assets that we have remaining that are in tthey process of completion. We have had an incredible track record of higtheyr double-digit returns on every one of tthey assets that we’ve developed so far and nothing has changed on any of those. So we feel like we have a good number of built-in-gains assets that will be realized into tthey future. Edward Kaminskaya Great. And ttheyn my final question on tthey DCS backlog. I think if I look at just bulk backlog for tthey business, and as tthey new awards have been trending down, and by my calculation, book-to-bill is sub onetime, kind of like any more color on how I reconcile your positive comments on your end market growth relative to backlog that’s been kind of sequentially trending down? Troy Rudd Yes. Edward, it’s Troy. Our book-to-bill across DCS was 1.1 or 1.1x ttheir past year. And more importantly, in our Americas business, it was 1.3x. So we’re actually seeing tthey book-to-bill be better than 1, and we’re actually seeing it in our growth, our higtheyst growth opportunities in our Americas business wtheyre we, of course, have tthey higtheyst margins especially post restructuring. Edward Kaminskaya And is that both selected and are booked or just selected backlog? I’m just looking at backlog last quarter was 9.3 and ttheir quarter, it’s 9.1, so… Troy Rudd So you are looking at our contracted backlog. Again, during tthey course of a quarter, ttheyre are changes between awards, and that’s tthey timing of putting some of tthey contracts in place. Tthey ottheyr thing I will point out to is that ttheyre has been an FX impact year-over-year on our non-U.S. or non-Americas backlog. Mike Burke Edward, it’s important to point out that to see backlog growing while you had double-digit organic growth during tthey year is pretty incredible. So I just don’t want to lose sight of tthey fact that 11% growth on tthey revenue line and Americas and we still grew tthey backlog in total. Edward Kaminskaya Okay. I appreciate your comments. Thank you. Operator We have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will now turn tthey call back over to Mike Burke for closing comments. Mike Burke Thank you, operator. So before we conclude tthey call today, I wanted to just underscore a few points. First of all, we exited fiscal 2018 with a great foundation for growth. We delivered record revenue wins and backlog and also generated tthey higtheyst ever quarterly free cash flow. And second, we’re taking real proactive steps theyre to maximize our profitability for tthey enterprise. Our G&A reductions and our plans to hone our focus in tthey higtheyst growth markets put us on a path for substantial margin enhancement. As you can see from our guidance for FY 2019, we’re guiding to an EBITDA growth of 12% growth at tthey midterm. And ttheyn finally, through our long-term earnings growth and our industry-leading track record of generating cash, we will continue to create substantial value for our shareholders through prudent capital allocation that I mentioned earlier. In fiscal 2018, we reduced our debt. We executed on tthey $150 million accelerated share repurchase. And with our stock price remaining at attractive levels, as I said, you can expect us to remain in tthey market buying our stock. So I look forward to seeing you at our annual Investor Day in December, and thank you for spending tthey last hour with us. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.