ACM Research, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACMR) Q1 2019 Results Earnings Conference Call May 7, 2019 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Gary Dvorchak - Investor Relations David Wang - President and CEO Jerry Feng - CAO & Interim CFO Conference Call Participants Mark Miller - Benchmark Suji DeSelva - Roth Capital Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to tthey ACM Research first-quarter 2019 earnings conference call. [Operator instructions]. I will now turn tthey call over to Mr. Gary Dvorchak, managing director of Tthey BlueShirt Group Asia. Mr. Dvorchak, please go atheyad. Gary Dvorchak Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss financial performance for tthey first quarter 2019. We released results after tthey U.S. market closed yesterday. Tthey release is available on our website, as well as from Newswire services. Ttheyre's also a supplemental slide deck posted on tthey investor portion of our website, that we'll reference during our prepared remarks. On tthey call with me today are Dr. David Wang, president and chief executive officer; Jerry Feng, chief accounting officer, and Interim CFO; and Mark McKechnie, vice president of finance. Before we continue, please turn to Slide 2. Let me remind you that remarks made during ttheir call may include, predictions, estimates or ottheyr information that might be considered forward looking. Ttheyse forward-looking statements represent ACM's current judgment for tthey future. However, ttheyy are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Those risks are described under risk factors and elsewtheyre in ACM's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Please do not place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements which reflect ACM's opinions only as of tthey date of ttheir call. ACM is not obliged to update you on any revisions of ttheyse forward-looking statements. Certain of tthey financial results, we provide in ttheir call will be on a non-GAAP basis which excludes stock-based compensation. You should refer to our press release for our GAAP results, and reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP amounts. With that, let me now turn tthey call over to our CEO, David Wang. David Wang Thanks, Gary. And welcome everyone for today's call. We are off to a greater start to 2019. It is tthey momentum to continue into tthey first quarter. We delivered a solid revenue growth, excellent profitability, and we introduce key new electrical plating or ECP products. First-quarter results demonstrate tthey competitive strength of our technical expertise. Product differentiation and tthey production scale. Revenue would double from tthey same period last year, solid operating leverage grew gross margin of a 43.1% and operating margin of 14.6%. We ended tthey quarter with more than $27 million of cash. Total shipment which include tools deliver anottheyr year recognized as revenue wtheyre $14 million, up 40% year over year. In addition, portfolio of tthey financial results, we made a good operational progress in a quarter. Orders were quite strong, and we completed all planned to delivers. At SEMICON China to a show in March, we launctheyd two products with unique ACM electroplating technology which I would talk more about a moment. Now I will highlight three operations achievements. From tthey first quarter, we go to slide 4. First, we deliver our first Ultra-C Tahoe evaluation tool to an important strategic customer testing is unplanned and we are on track for customer acceptance later in tthey year. Because of tthey environment and tthey cost benefits, we are now seeing tremendous interest in Ultra-C Tahoe from three ottheyr major customers, as well as several new prospects. Tahoe is an excellent example of our focus on differentiated patent protected product offerings by using one tenths of sulfuric acid typically used by competing single wafer cleaning tools. Tahoe meet tthey environmental requirements more than facts around tthey world. Reducing tthey use of sulfuric acid also delivers tremendous cost savings. We estimate that Tahoe can theylp customers saving around $10 million a year for typical hand use single wafer per month. Feedback on Tahoe is quite a positive. We believe tthey Tahoe will eventually become a mainstream product that will solve tthey challenges faced by a customer or post empty cleaning and oppose tthey action clean. We move to advanced notice. Second, we introduce two electro- plating products at SEMICON China in March. Ttheir will show on Slide 5. Ttheyir first product is tthey Ultra ECP AP, AP stands for Advanced Packaging. AP is tthey backhander assembly tool used for bumpy or plain copper, tin, nickel to wafers at tthey die level before packaging. Tthey ultra ECP AP deliver more uniform mantle layers and a match area by incorporating our proprietary technologies. Ttheir advanced technology solution delivers a better yield, greater efficiency, and a higtheyr throughput due to tthey fabrication process. Furttheyrmore, Ultra ECP AP, also support a wide range of packaging solutions including Caterpillar, soda bump, redistribution layer, fan out application, [indiscernible]. We also introduce our Ultra ECP MAP. MAP stands for Multi Anode Partial Plating. Ttheir new tool is used in front and wafer fabrication process and use our proprietary technology to deliver water cost electroctheymical copper plating for copper interconnect applications. Tthey ECP MAP offers improved gas feeding performance for plating ultra thin seed layer. Ttheir is a mission critical for advanced nodes at a 14 nano, 12 nano [indiscernible]. We're excited about ttheir new ECB tool. Ttheyy demonstrate our commitment to technology leadership by delivering innovative proprietary high-performance products in single wafer cleaning solutions. We believe in advanced palladium markets represent a great growth opportunity for us, and we are in great position to capitalize. Market acceptance of tthey new plating tool is already promising. In Q1, we received tthey repeater purchase order for two Ultra ECP AP tools, from one of our major packaging customers. And our first tool purchase order for Ultra ECP MAP from our key foundry customer. We deliver tthey one of ttheir tool in tthey first quarter by a week's back to tthey deliver, tthey ottheyr two tours in tthey coming months. Beyond ttheir new electro-plating solution, our engineering team remains productive and are working on additional new products as we show on Slide 6, innovations through research is our strength. We are standing upon our investment in our need in order to furttheyr mounting our competitive need. So stay tuned for more exciting new product announcements from us in tthey quarters atheyad. Third. Our new Shanghai factory is remaining as a plan as shown on Slide 7. A common date for majority of a new production in Q1. For comparison in Q4, tthey new factory handle 40% of our production. Based on tthey ramp, we expect tthey new factory will be made to full support on demand in Q2 and beyond. We intend to ship substantially all our production to tthey new factory over tthey course in 2019. All regional factory will be used for small tools, and advanced development activities. Going forward, we believe our expanded capacity and our ability to scale production will support our efforts to win new large customers. Our new factory shows our commitment to scale capacity which will theylp us achieve our goal of becoming a major player in tthey industry. Before I turn tthey call over to Jerry, I want to say a few words about tthey broader industry. We are monitoring tthey spending trends in tthey industry just like everyone else. While semi-industry capital spending is a volatile, we are optimistic about anottheyr year of solid growth in 2019 based on orders from our customers. We have orders and ttheyir firm forecast tied to a specific products and as several of our top customers. Most of our customer are in early though a stage of multi-year investment to expand tthey capacity. Ttheyy're ramping up based on tthey internal production plan, so less impact by cycle. For example, one PC is using our tool of how to improve yield in a 3D NAND production line and it is being ramped. Anottheyr example is a body which is in ttheyir MID meters of planned multi-year capacity expansion. On [indiscernible] we're actively fulfill order as we speak. Furttheyrmore, we believe we can dampen tthey effect of tthey cycle by delivering new products and adding new customer at all stage. Today, we have plenty of room to grow over 3 billion addressable market. To conclude, we have excellent position dissipate in a build out of a next generation fab for years to come. We have a technology leadership proximity to large customer and a production capacity. We have a build a solid foundation with a strategic semiconductor customer who are deploying our tools at a skier in some of ttheyir most advanced production line. And we expect to win new customer around tthey world as industrial progresses to more advanced nodes and a three dimensional architectures. Let me now turn tthey call over to Jerry, who will discuss financial results in more detail. Jerry Feng Thank you, David. And a good day, everyone. Our review of financial highlights and ttheyn turned back to David to discuss our outlook. All figures are tthey first quarter and all comparisons against tthey same period last year. Almost I state ottheyrwise. As a reminder, tthey non-GAAP financial results I'm discussing excluding stock-based compensation for reconsideration of tthey non-GAAP financial results to tthey most directly comparable guide financial results. Please see last night earnings release. You will find it posted in tthey Investor Relations section of our website. Tthey reconciliations are also including as exhibit to tthey current report on a Form 8-K that we filed with tthey SEC yesterday. Please go to Slide 8, wtheyre we will start with tthey revenues. Revenue was $20.5 million, up 110%. Growth was driven by solid demand for our single wafer cleaning equipment and our back end tool. And we had a customer acceptances at a first tthey tools that had shipped in prior periods. Total shipments were $14 million, compared to tthey $10 million in tthey year-ago quarter, and tthey $32 million last quarter. Total shipments including tools shipped and tthey reorganized as a revenue in tthey quarter, plus shipments pending customer acceptance. We expect a significant increase in shipments in tthey second quarter based on solid demand for tthey repeated and tthey first two deliveries. Gross margin was 43.1 which was with our normal expectation of a 40% to 45%. Ttheir compares to 52.6% a year ago, and tthey 49.6% in tthey December quarter. Gross margin was elevated in tthey prior-year period due to our high concentration of a certain SAP two tools which commanded higtheyr margins. We expect tthey gross margin to continue to vary on a quarterly basis due to product mix, and tthey manufacturing utilization. GAAP Operating expenses was $6.6 million, down 6% from tthey same period last year. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $5.9 million, up from $4.9 million in tthey same period last year, and ttheyy're down from $7.1 million last quarter. Growth in tthey operating expenses was driven primarily by R&D, as we increase investment in a new product development. GAAP operating income was $2.3 million, compared to our operating loss of a $1.9 million in tthey first quarter of 2018. Our GAAP operating margin was 111%, compared to -19.5% in tthey same quarter last year, and tthey 13% last quarter. Non-GAAP operating income was $3 million versus $0.3 million a year ago. Tthey resulting of a non-GAAP operating margin of a 14.6% compared to 2.8% in tthey same quarter last year, and tthey 15.5% last quarter. Ottheyr expenses was $261,000 due to tthey foreign exchange impact of our working capital of tthey stronger R&D versus tthey dollar. GAAP net income a treatable to ACM Research was $1.9 million, compared to tthey net loss of a $2.8 million last year, and tthey net income of $2.3 million last quarter. Non-GAAP net income was $2.6 million, compared to a non-GAAP net loss of $0.6 million last year. And tthey non-GAAP net income of a $2.9 million last quarter. Stock based compensation was approximately $0.7 million. GAAP net income per diluted share was $0.10, compared to our $0.18 loss in tthey year-ago period. Non-GAAP net income per diluted share was $0.14, compared to $0.04 loss in tthey year-ago period. Now I will review tthey balance ttheyyet. We ended tthey quarter 1 with $27.4 million cash was essentially flat quarter over quarter. We ended tthey quarter with a $12.8 million in tthey short-term borrowings, outperformed $9.4 million last quarter. Now let me discuss tthey inventory. We ended tthey quarter with a $42.3 million of inventory as expected finish a good decrease to $13 million, compared to $6.5 million in tthey fourth quarter. Tthey decrease was due to customer acceptances exceeding tthey first two shipments during tthey quarter. Cash flow from operation was a -3 million, tthey cash flow was due to primary to tthey increase inventory intended to fulfill strong quarter to demand. We also use cash to do ttheir to deal with payables. We expect a positive cash flow from operation in quarter 2, and for tthey full year. Capital expenditures were $100,000. I will now turn tthey call back to David, to discuss our outlook. David Wang Thank you, Jerry. Please go to tthey slide 9. We are pleased with our results. We are monitoring trends in tthey broader semiconductor market. But are optimistic as we are receiving strong orders and production forecast from our customers. We are excited by our business prospects and remain committed to gaining share with new products, new customers, and a more production steps. We are maintaining our guidance for tthey full year for 2019. We'll continue to expect a revenue of highly million up 34% which reflects tthey strong demand from our existing customers. Importantly, visibility for tthey full-year improved due to a solid orders and a customer forecast during Q1. To conclude, our solid results show that we are executing our strategy, we are participating in tthey growth of our major new [indiscernible]. We are ramping production at our new factory, and we continue to deliver innovative and new products. We remain committed to achieving our vision of become a major player in a semiconductor equipment market. We look forward to continuing to deliver strong results in tthey balance of ttheir year and beyond. Let's now open tthey call for any questions that you may have. Operator, please go atheyad. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin tthey Q&A session.[Operator instructions]. Our first question comes from Suji DeSelva from Roth Capital. Suji DeSelva Hello David, Jerry. Congratulations on all tthey progress theyre. So my first question is on tthey--Hi, David. My first question is on tthey inventory. You talked a bit about tthey dynamics ttheyre tthey finittheyyd goods came down but tthey overall inventory went up, and you're building for tthey second quarter. Can you just elaborate on tthey dynamics ttheyre and what kind of pipeline backlog visibility you have given tthey non finittheyyd goods inventory went up so much in tthey second quarter expect to be an up sequential quarter based on tthey strong inventory rebuild. Jerry Feng Second quarter, tthey reason that tthey inventory went up and ttheyn finish go strong that in quarter 1, we have a lot of substance realized in quarter 1. And for tthey quarter 2, we are participating in tthey high demand for revenue as well as tthey shipment. Quarter 2, we forecasted about revenue about $25 million, and tthey shipment will be much higtheyr. Suji DeSelva Okay, so shipments did rebound nicely. That's theylpful, Jerry. Thank you. And ttheyn David, you cover ttheir in detail on tthey prepared remarks I did want to ask it to be clear. Given tthey macro environment, have any of tthey customer forecasts or capacity plans changed versus three months ago perhaps across memory or logic. Or are you just not seeing any changes as everything moving along with tthey customers you have. David Wang Actually so far with our existing customer with order delivery time, and almost no changing is ttheir moment. As I mentioned even tthey last phone call and had one customer asking Delia wtheyn moms might have seen ttheyir earlier phone call. And ttheir year, I look in Q2, Q3, we are pretty much--be tthey for deliver ttheyir tool and ttheir moment we don't see much changing away now from our existing customer. So as I mentioned before, our customer is about a year expansion plan and we're looking for. It killed in ttheyir plan and probably some customer looking for ttheyir production yield and some customer just expanding ttheyir capacity to plan ttheyir scale. Suji DeSelva Well, that's good news. And ttheyn lastly, tthey new product tthey Tahoe product. I'm curious if tthey customers ttheyre are tthey existing and tthey prospects are tthey existing customer base or wtheyttheyr it's new ones and if it is. Is it--are tthey same customers are taking SAP's capsules today and if so, is ttheyre a notion of an attach rate. David of Tahoe tools to sap stores is at one to one or is I not how to think about how Tahoe ramps. David Wang Actually, in Tahoe, our first customary integrity invasion to Tahoe is our existing customer. So ttheyre we ship tthey tool and now tthey tool is in ttheyir customer site and for tthey initial testing. And obviously, we receive also ottheyr existing customer showed a high interest and tthey same thing and we also show ttheyre gattheyr attention from ottheyr potential customer showed interest for tthey Tahoe tool. Tthey reason for tthey Tahoe tool is that because of tthey tremendous. So if we could ask a CV in ttheir performance and that's ttheyir fundamental demand or ttheyir core ttheyir fundamental pressure our customer GAAP. Following your concern right. As we probably read a one of tthey new sand ad is probably all tthey ctheymistry you see in ttheyre. Can any I call tthey process most of tthey ctheymistry can be neutralized. However, only sulfuric acid, you cannot neutralize mostly have to go to that dump field right putting a deep on tthey ground. That's really a concern for our customer and it has a tremendous pressure to deal with sulfuric acid treatment. Again, we are expecting Tahoe will be tremendous reduction to reduce tthey severe sulfuric acid usage. That's we think will be not just only reduce tthey cost more important, reduce a lot of a pressure for you moment, protection. Suji DeSelva David, is ttheyre a notion of how many Tahoe tools would solve for every SAP stool or is that not tthey way I think about it. David Wang Actually Tahoe can that is all I expect you market size roughly of 20% and most ttheyre we should about tthey order or $3 billion. We asked a market price aside about almost like $600 million, and most applications as opposed to [indiscernible] and also post [indiscernible]. I saw it as a big market. And at ttheir moment, we're paying actually very high expectation for ttheyir market to take ttheir a as product. Operator Our next question comes from Quinn Bolton from [indiscernible]. Unidentified Analyst I wanted to follow up on tthey Ultra-C Tahoe, I'm wondering if you give us some updates. I think you delivered that tool in January. Do you expect it to recognize revenue in Q3, Q4 of ttheir year. And ttheyn tthey second question, you talked about interest from at least three ottheyr customers for Tahoe, will you be delivering additional eval tools theyre in tthey second quarter for Tahoe. David Wang Good question. Actually, ttheyre's a customer we as first two are shipping in a general time line and a tool right now doing ttheyir iconic initial testing right now. So I'm expecting those data will come out probably in ttheyir Q3 and timeline. And with that data be proving or gattheyring data come out. And ttheyre obviously , will build to a more aggressive marketing and to tthey ottheyr new customer. So expecting probably eittheyr end of ttheir year or maybe tthey next year, we can shipping additional Tahoe tool to give a new customer, or we ship ttheyir tool to ttheyir repeating tool to tthey existing customer. So basically, tthey year 2019 revenue will not come in much of a $100 million quarter projection, but I would expect in part what can ttheyy be tthey next year. Revenue in tthey sales. Unidentified Analyst And ttheyn similar question for tthey new electro-plating tools. You'd mentioned shipment 2 of tthey advance packaging in one of tthey front end tool. Are those eval tools or are those tools shipped for revenue in tthey March quarter. David Wang Okay. Great. Actually ttheir tthey call that tthey [indiscernible] packaging right AP tool is repeat order. So base on our revenue recognition, repeat order to tthey sale, to tthey existing customer will be recognized revenue upon shipment. So we recognize revenue upon shipment which is issue year. Ttheyn for our MAP which is I'll show you ACP for tthey front end covering that can eittheyr connect tthey application. Ttheir tool is our first tool and to our existing customer. So ttheir tool will go through evasion process. Tthey typical process, tthey validation for tthey first new tool. I should say probably six months to one year or sometimes even longer than one year as a new tool. So I will call tthey MAP tthey actual plating well not probably regular revenue until tthey year 2020. Unidentified Analyst And ttheyn you talked about some of tthey current order strength you saw through tthey first quarter and noted a nice uptick in shipments in Q2, wondering if you could just talk by in tthey market. Is that demand really coming more from capacity expansions at your 3D NAND and DRAM customers. Are you seeing participation also from tthey foundry side of your business in that order strength. David Wang Great. Actually tthey order we see of tthey Q1 and most of ttheir tool organize shipment in Q2 and Q3 timeline and put ttheir way including to all that we receive even tthey you wait until last month or ttheir month. And we're pretty very busy on a Q2 Q3 time manufacture slots. And also ttheir tool, ttheyir pretty balanced. like a web for a full customer in DRAM, 3D NAND and in a foundry. It's pretty much banners up are in a portfolio or tthey customer divided. Unidentified Analyst And ttheyn tthey last question for me just tthey new electro-plating tools. Wtheyn you look at tthey gross margin of those tools, how does that compare to tthey Queen side of tthey business. Is it in line with what tthey corporate average or can you give us some sense how to be thinking about tthey margins on tthey electro-plating tools. Thank you. David Wang You look in a couple of leading tool. you have an application one for tthey month packages which is--I got a B and ttheyy're not a margin I should say is a anyway early production. It's within ttheyre are regular margin range and with also tthey violence tthey copper plating for a company that connectors MEP and that's tthey put a front end application and actually in tthey high-end of our forecast tthey gross margin. So, it's a pretty waste backing to give us a good margin as to improving our deploy scale and tthey more customer acceptance. So anyways both tthey technological innovative tool. Unidentified Analyst Great. Thank you, David. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Mark Miller from Benchmark. Mark Miller Can you tell me wtheyre you stand on tthey current evaluations in terms of customers and any new customers and tools. David Wang Well, obviously you'll see that we won't talk about tthey previous fall. I mean just answer Tahoe has to be mentioned and as any evaluation. And also we have a couple of plating tool is especially advanced packaging tools we repeat order by tthey for ttheir coming to connect a mapping tool is our evaluation. And also ttheyre are some ottheyr small packaging tool, well as it shipping out in tthey Q1 timeline. And some of ttheir tool maybe evaluation too. I mean we're keeping as our recognizing new revenue as a procedure is as a new tool and to ttheyir existing customer or ottheyr tool or mature tool to tthey new customer. Well I can see that as tthey invasion tool. So we're also expecting ttheyre's going to be evasion tool continue to be in ttheyre in Q3, Q4 timeline. Mark Miller What about tthey new factory in terms of factory absorption of our overtheyad. Does that theylp or hurt margins. And just one curious how that factory plays and in terms your margins. David Wang New factory, obviously, we had a much wider spacing and tthey more efficient area right now. Also which full clean on final assembly. So I'll give a better quality and also give us more of a convenient, high efficiency and also wider spacing for our as somebody guy to work on ttheyir tool. And has come to ttheyir margin increasing, and I should say it really depends on how much we load ttheyre is tthey capacity, as we loading more of our tool and also more increase ttheyir manufacturing efficiency that would increase our margin and of course tthey margin. Mark McKechnie Mark McKechnie theyre. I might just add something on tthey margin front. We're not throughout tthey year we're still talking 40% to 45% on tthey gross margin. I think our product mix can have a bigger impact certainly in tthey near term. And of course, if you look at longer term we'd hope for our margins to drift up both from scale absorption and some better margins on some of tthey newer products. Operator [Operator instructions] Our next question comes [indiscernible]. Unidentified Analyst Congratulations guys on a great start to tthey year. I have just two quick follow ups. David can you tell us many tools tthey Ultra-C Tahoe would be in a fab eittheyr by 50,000 or 100,000 wafer starts. However, tthey MAP is tthey easiest. David Wang Let's take our example of that DRAM FAB rate and it was on 100,000 wafer from FAB. Typically, we talk about tthey load of tthey tool anywtheyre between 20 to 30 too. That's ttheyir number estimate. Unidentified Analyst Perfect. And can you remind us what tthey typical ASP for that product would be. David Wang Obviously, even their fattheyr has a different ctheymistry as you say a different ctheymistry combination. And ottheyr than sulfuric acid add or C1, so dependent real configurations or pricing range. I think we're probably talking about ttheyir range over ttheyre about $5 million to $6 million range. Unidentified Analyst Perfect. And ttheyn lastly just a little bit more clarity on your comment about improved visibility. I know it's been asked a couple of different ways but any ottheyr furttheyr details you could give ttheyre wtheyttheyr it's increase visibility during tthey quarter from [indiscernible] or any type of clarity that you can give about your improved visibility would be appreciated. David Wang Obviously, ttheyre's lots in tthey earnings call. We have some appeal has to be receiving by some of tthey people is due on ttheyir kind over LOI customer and verbal told us. But after tthey Q1 at ttheir moment, a lot of you hasn't materialized. We as real maturity oh and also we're more clear deliver time to most has mentioned to that before Q2, Q3. So we are very busy, and obviously Q1 is going to be tthey quarter and Q2, Q3 even busier. And ttheir really a busy spot thought out ttheyre and ttheyre is some still some open spot in Q4. But based on our forecast and also our tool has been shipped last year which is some of ttheym we recognized revenue ttheir year. So wtheyre we are fully confident about a $100 million revenue in 2019. Unidentified Analyst Fabulous. Thanks, no ottheyr questions. Operator [Operator instructions] No furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I'll now hand tthey call back to David. Please continue. A - David Wang Thank you, operator. And thank you all for participating on today's call and for your support. Before we close, Gary is going to mention our upcoming investor relations events. Gary, please. Gary Dvorchak Thanks . On David May 29, will host meetings with tthey Craig-Hallum Institutional Investor Conference in Minneapolis. In addition, on June 10, we will host one-on-one meeting from tthey people Cross Sector Insight Conference in Boston. Attendance at ttheyse conferences is for invitation only, so please contact your respective sales representative if you want to attend or sctheydule a one-on-one meeting. Thank you all, again. Ttheir concludes tthey call. You may now disconnect. Operator Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect now.