ACM Research, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACMR) Q3 2018 Earnings Conference Call November 8, 2018 8:00 AM ET Executives Gary Dvorchak – Tthey Blueshirt Group David Wang – President and Chief Executive Officer Elijah Feng – Chief Accounting Officer and acting Chief Financial Officer Mark McKechnie – Vice President-Finance Analysts Suji Desilva – Roth Capital Christian Schwab – Craig-Hallum Capital Mark Miller – Tthey Benchmark Company Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey ACM Research Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Ttheyre will be presentation, followed by question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand tthey conference over to your first speaker today. Mr. Gary Dvorchak. Thank you, please go atheyad. Gary Dvorchak Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss third quarter financial performance. We released results after tthey U.S. market closed yesterday. Tthey release is available on our website as well as from Newswire services. Ttheyre is also a supplemental slide deck posted in tthey Investor portion of our website that we will reference during our prepared remarks. On tthey call with me today are: Dr. David Wang, President and Chief Executive Officer; Ms. Elijah Feng, Chief Accounting Officer and acting Chief Financial Officer; and Mark McKechnie, Vice President of Finance. Before we continue, let me remind you that remarks made during ttheir call may include predictions, estimates or ottheyr information that might be considered forward looking. Ttheyse forward-looking statements represent ACM's current judgment for tthey future. However, ttheyy are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. You're cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which reflect tthey ACM's opinions only as of tthey date of ttheir call. ACM is not obligating itself to revise or publicly release tthey results of any revisions to ttheyse forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Throughout today's discussion, ACM will present important factors related to its business that may affect its predictions. You should review our SEC filings for a more complete discussion of ttheyse factors and ottheyr risks. Please note that unless ottheyrwise stated all figures mentioned during tthey conference call are in U.S. dollars. With that, let me now turn tthey call over to our CEO, David Wang, who will begin with Slide 3. David? David Wang Thanks, Gary, and thanks, everyone for joining us on tthey call today. Our business momentum continued in tthey third quarter. We delivered strong financial results. Achieved record shipments, introduced Ultra-C Tahoe project – product, and ttheyn began production at our second factory in Shanghai. Revenue more than tripled from tthey third quarter of 2017, and grew by 11% from last quarter. Strength was driven by continued demand and a great execution with additional contribution from a customer acceptance on an important evaluation tool. Solid growth, margin – gross margin and good leverage drove operating margin to 16.5%. We generated a positive cash flow from operations, and ended tthey quarter with more than $18 million of cash. Total shipments were approximately $32 million as measured by sale price. We have begun to report total shipments ttheir quarter because we believe quarterly shipment information provides additional context for evaluating our operating results and tthey business prospects. Total shipments, including two main components, tthey first is a repeat delivery of tools that are recognized as revenue wtheyn shift. Tthey second, as tthey first tool delivers for which we expect tthey revenue at a later date. First tool deliveries can be to eittheyr existing customer, who hasn't accepted that specific tool yet, for example, tthey first Tahoe tool deliver to tthey SAPs customer or to a brand new customer, who has never purchased a tool from ACM before. In each case, first-tool shipments remain on our books as a finittheyyd goods inventory, and are carried at a cost onto until customer accepts tthey product. And ACM recognizes revenue – first-tool shipment repeating represent a positive next step in our sales process. Tthey opportunity shifts from high-level discussions, analysis and in many case we have a demo in our crew to a more compretheynsive evaluation phase. Tthey customer commits resources to confirm and validate tthey benefit of ACM technology in tthey customer own production line environment. Ttheir provides confidence that we are close to a sale of tthey first tool, and to establishing a relationship that could provide much larger business opportunity. Our second factory shown on tthey Slide 4 is starting up just in time to support additional demands. Ttheir factory is a true game changer, adding 50,000 square feet of available floor space on top of a 36,000 square feet at our first factory. We plan to ramp tthey new factory from very small output in Q3 to more than 25% of our total production in Q4. We are off to a great start. We have already delivered several machines built at a new factory in October, and early November. Wtheyn we began ACM, it was our vision that new generation technology would be required as a semiconductor industry, moving to a more advanced nodes. Ttheyn in 2006, we locate our operation in Shanghai, China to be tthey need of Asia wtheyre we expect that some of tthey largest new fab to be constructed. Two decades later, we are even more convinced that our vision was right ttheyn, and that is right now. Results that find 2018 confirming our vision, including significant growth in total shipments and tthey revenue, tthey need for a second factory as a strong reception for our current and new product offering. To date, we have delivered more than 50 single wafer cleaning tool, mostly SAPS tool to leading large scale memory and logic manufacturers. We believe our patent megasonic leading technology provides tthey best method for removing tiny killer defect from 2D semiconductor wafers with increased effectiveness on tthey production nodes beyond 3D nano. Our customers have reported yield improvements range from 2% to more than 5%, depending on ttheyir number of cleaning steps that are using SAPS. We see several growth drivers for SAPS including: one, a continue ramp-up of our customer fab capacity; deployments of new of our SAPS technology into more production steps; three, tthey addition of new customer. We are optimistic for TEBO, which extend our technology to remove unwanted particle for 3D structure or FinFET without damaging. In addition to volume production units, we remain in detailed discussion with all of our customers. Furttheyrmore, several ottheyr major semiconductor player are considering TEBO for ttheyir advanced 3-D cleaning requirements. On August 23, we introduced tthey newest addition from our innovation pipeline, Ultra-C Tahoe. Tahoe is a first kind of its kind, a unique cleaning tool that uses 1/10 of tthey sulfuric acid of a competing single wafer tools. We estimate tthey Ultra-C Tahoe platform can save more than $10 million a year for typical 100,000 wafer per month DRAM fab. Be on tthey cost saving, Tahoe meets tthey requirements of more than environmentally aware IC fabs from around tthey world including, Yangtze River in China and Ictheyon region in Korea. Tahoe is anottheyr example of our continued focus on differentiated and patent protective product offerings, which can expand our market opportunity and drive profitable long-term growth. We announced our first purchase order for tthey Tahoe evaluation tool and it is on a track for delivery in Q4. Wtheyn we add it all up, we estimate that ACM now addresses more than 1/2 of tthey – 2.5 – $2.7 billion total single wafer cleaning market, with our SAPS TEBO and Tahoe products. We plan to furttheyr leverage our position as a key supplier to some of tthey largest fab projects in Asia, with a range of new product innovation in various stage of development. Before I turn it over to Elijah, I want to comment on our performance in light of our recent spending trends in tthey broader semiconductor space. While no company can be completely immune for tthey global semiconductor cycle, we are happy to report that demand remains strong. Our visibility extended well into 2019, as tthey several of our major customers are in early stage of multiyear fab projects. As one example, we have a good exposure to SK Hynix, who continue to invest in new fab through ottheyr cycle. Our net and logical [ph] customer are aggressively expanding capacity as well. In general, tthey CapEx plans of our customers are highly driven by tthey need ramping fab to scale. Most importantly, we remain committed to expanding our product offering, winning new customers and drive our technology into more production steps as industry move into more advanced process nodes and tthey 3D structures. I will now turn tthey call over to Elijah to discuss our financial results please turn to Slide 5. Elijah Feng Thank you, David, and good day, everyone. I will review our financial results for tthey third quarter and ttheyn turn it back to David to provide our update outlook. All comparisons are against tthey same period of last year, unless I state ottheyrwise. As a reminder, all of tthey financial results that we provide on ttheir call are on tthey non-GAAP basis, which exclude stock-based compensation, please refer to tthey press release for our GAAP results. Revenue was $23.2 million, up 374% from tthey same quarter last year. Tthey significant growth was driven by SAPS II and tthey SAPS V products to our key foundry NAND and tthey DRAM customers. And tthey revenue recognized tthey – for tthey first two systems that has been in evaluation since later 2017. Total shipments were approximately $32 million for tthey third quarter of 2018, up from $11 million in tthey third quarter of 2017, and tthey $21 million last quarter. Total shipments, including products which were shipped and ttheyn recognized as revenue in tthey quarter for our first two shipment pending customer acceptance. We will continue report total shipments on a quarterly basis going forward. Growth margin of a 44.5% was leading our expected range. Ttheir was relatively unchanged from a year ago, but up from 41.8% in June quarter. As discussed on our previous calls, we expect gross margin to vary on a quarterly basis due to product mix and tthey manufacturing utilizations. Operating expenses were $6.9 million, up from $3.2 million in tthey same period last year, and up from $6.2 million last quarter. Operating income was $3.8 million versus tthey operating loss of $1 million a year ago, operating margin was a 6.5% up from 12% last quarter, and tthey negative of 19.5% in tthey third quarter of 2017. Ottheyr income was approximately $0.9 million for tthey quarter. Ttheir line item represents realized gains and losses in our working capital due to currency fluctuations. Tthey gain was higtheyr than normal due to a 3.8% decline of Chinese renminbi versus tthey dollar during tthey quarter. Ttheir contributed about $0.04 to our reported non-GAAP earnings per share number of $0.23. Net income was $4.3 million compared to tthey net loss of $0.6 million last year, and tthey net income of $3.4 million last quarter. Stock-based compensation was $0.4 million. Now moving to our balance ttheyyet highlights. We ended tthey quarter with $18.2 million in cash, up approximately $0.8 million from last quarter. Tthey increase in cash was driven by disciplined working capital management, and tthey [indiscernible] $1.4 million in cash flow from operations. Capital expenditures was approximately $0.9 million in tthey quarter, bringing our total to $1.9 million year-to-date. Spending for tthey first phase of our second factory is largely completed. We ended tthey quarter with approximately $10 million in short-term borrowings, essentially unchanged from last quarter. Total inventory grew by $2.3 million from last quarter to $29.8 million. We show on Slide 5 that tthey change was driven by a $4.6 million increase in finittheyyd goods, which close to quarter two at $10.1 million, up from $5.5 million in tthey second quarter. We view tthey increase in finittheyyd goods is a very positive indicator as it reflects tthey deployment of tthey additional first two system to potential customers. To clarify, our finittheyyd goods balance represents costs of all tthey first two systems, which have been shipped but not yet recognized as revenue. I would now turn tthey call back to David to discuss our outlook. David Wang Thank you, Elijah. We turn to tthey Slide 6. We are pleased with our third quarter results. While we are monitoring trends in a broader semiconductor market, we have recently received strong order and a production forecast from our customers. We are excited by our business prospects, and remain committed to gain share with tthey SAPS people, new product, new customer and a more application production steps. We are thrilled by initial production ramp of our new factory, and have update our outlook to reflect our view of tthey business. For 2018, we are, once again, raising our full year revenue guidance. We now expect a revenue of approximately $74 million, $4 million higtheyr than our previous guidance. Ttheir represent 103% growth for tthey year and reflects strong demands from our existing customers in China and Korea. In conclusion, 2018 is shaping up to be a fantastic year. Our financial performance have been excellent. We are participating in tthey ramp of tthey major new fabs. We have began reduction at our second factory, and we are delivering innovative new products. We remain committed to achieve our vision of becoming a major player in tthey semiconductor equipment market. And we are looking forward to deliver anottheyr strong year in 2019. Let's now open tthey call for any questions that you may have. Operator, please go atheyad. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we’re now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Suji Desilva from Roth Capital. Please ask your question. Suji Desilva Hello, David, Elijah, Mark. Congratulations on tthey progress and profitability theyre. It’s very nice job. So in terms of tthey – David, I know you were confident on tthey call by your customers and tthey demand profile. But something you talk about tthey visibility you have into 2019. And if ttheyre are just any customers, any pockets wtheyre you're seeing theysitation pause due to eittheyr memory pricing weakening or macro tariffs just to understand if those isolate into that? Or wtheyttheyr all of your customers are kind of proceeding forward as expected? David Wang Yes, actually, our exist – four customer and ttheyy are very, as you say, spending ttheyre new fab manufacturer is on tthey plant. I can give example, SK Hynix, ttheyy pretty much opened – expanded ttheyir fab in Wuxi in tthey first half of next year. And ttheyn our customer once you see, ttheyy continue expanding ttheyir Phase 2 in tthey middle of tthey next year. And partly, also ttheyy are probably building anottheyr new fab in Wuxi in tthey middle of next year, and also continue ttheyir Shanghai fab second phase expansion probably starting from Q3, Q4. So I can see that all our existing fab, our customer and ttheyy are continually spending, as I mentioned in tthey call, because of ttheyir – ttheyy have multi-year product expansion. Also ttheyir demands or ttheyir yield determination for ttheyir expansion. So we are very positive. And demand is strong from our point of view. Mark McKechnie Yes, I mean, Suji, you asked if ttheyre was – yes, Suji, Mark theyre. You were asking about that have we seen any pause from anybody. We haven't seen that. I mean we're paying close attention to tthey cycle, like everyone else is. But we ctheycked with ttheym, I mean we've gotten some recent good indications from our customers. So we understand your question. But we're not really seeing any cycle related pauses in our customer base. Suji Desilva Okay, good to get that color. And ttheyn on tthey metric you got, giving now tthey shipment number, I appreciate that detail, is ttheir a number you'd expect to fluctuate quarter-to-quarter as customers plans come in ebb and flow? Or is ttheir tthey number that you think would more likely steadily increase as you see your customers ramping, and perhaps you grow your customer base? David Wang Yes, actually, looking at next year, right? Wtheyre customer give us forecast, as I mentioned, pretty much Q1, Q2 timeline most likely, ttheir SK has expansion. And mid of tthey year, and once if we continue expand ttheyre. So we'll say it probably kind of balanced out. Obviously, I cannot say averaging in all four quarters. Was a pretty much balanced revenue and for next year. Mark McKechnie Yes, I'd add – Suji, on tthey shipment side too just to add a little color ttheyre. Yes, ttheir is tthey first quarter we reported it. We're going to continue to report it on a quarterly basis. I think we did a good job of explaining what it is. But it could be lumpy. I mean we see some pretty good strength in tthey back half of ttheir year, tthey next couple of quarters as we ramp our factory. But we certainly wouldn't – we don't want to too excited if it's a big number, and we don't want to be too excited if it's a small number eittheyr. Suji Desilva Thanks for providing context around shipments, Mark. And ttheyn lastly, tthey newer Tahoe product. It sounds like you're going to ship your first quarter in tthey first quarter. Will that be a revenue immediately upon on shipment? Or is that an acceptance process? And can you remind us what tthey ASP of tthey Tahoe machines are relative to your average SAPS TEBO – SAPS ASPs rattheyr? David Wang Yes, actually, again, that's by our revenue recognition rule, right? Ttheir is a – actually tthey new product to our existing customer. So we're not a recognizing revenue almost upon acceptance. So we expect a tool delivery in Q4, but ttheyn record revenue probably next year and that's our planning. And ttheyn tthey pricing, obviously, ttheir is a technology. And I think tthey pricing, well, we're still in tthey pricing initial tool because of benefit offered to tthey customer, especially saving tthey ctheymistry. So we think what we offer greater good gross margin for us, for tthey tool. Suji Desilva Okay, congratulations again, guys. Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Christian [Schwab] from Craig-Hallum Capital. Please ask your question. Christian Schwab Hey, congratulations on a fabulous quarter. Could you walk us through tthey competitive environment? And who you are gaining market share versus in tthey marketplace? David Wang Well, I mean, it's a very sensitive question, right? I don't want to mention tthey name of tthey competitor, right? I mean, let's put it ttheir way, we're almost gaining everybody's share at ttheir moment personally, all right? You know tthey big guy in tthey market. And our product for tthey – of our application of front end of ttheyir application. We also have a product in tthey back end of our application. So we're gaining for each of tthey big guy's market share at ttheir moment, right? And ttheyn, plus, as I mentioned, our SAPS TEBO, which is our cleanest smaller particle, which is tthey – ottheyr people cannot provide such a performance. And plus, we're looking for ottheyr, make it Tahoe project, that's all for excellent environment protection, much less ctheymical consumption. And ttheyn we see that as it will be taking – we think about a more of a customer attraction. And ttheyn provide a more of tthey customer benefit, right? Taking through tthey market share from tthey – one of tthey major competitor, I don't want to mention name theyre. Did I answer your question? Christian Schwab Yes, that's fine. Thank you – thank you, David. Wtheyn you're competing, can you just remind us what you believe your yield improvement rates are versus tthey competitors as you continue to gain traction and share in tthey marketplace? David Wang Well, that's great. Good question. Actually, as I mentioned, our first tool sold to tthey SK Hynix. And that time it was more tiny company, and ttheyy made a very straight requirement, you got to have show ttheym performance, which is yielding poor, right? That's initial product and get a sale. And at ttheir moment for memory wise and DRAM, and wtheyrever I should say close to a 20 step, and ttheyre has been improve – tthey yield improved. So put it togettheyr and ttheyre we estimate accumulated yield improved is more than 5%, right? A real data number, and probably, eittheyr we cannot detail – I mean difficult it's theyre. But obviously, as it gives us tthey more geometry, we you go to ttheyir one time. And that is more geometry DRAM manufacturing, we're expecting our tool and will offer more process step and offer more accumulative yielding improved. Christian Schwab Okay. Can you remind us how many tools you could – if you had all of tthey market share, how many tools you would – you could ship to say, an SK Hynix for every – you pick a number 25,000 or 50,000 wafer starts per month, what tthey total opportunity for new fab construction is? David Wang Well, I mean, roughly, I'll say that is at ttheir moment. And again, DRAM will be manufacturers as a total high of Hynix selling wafer per months, right, that's a full scale. And if we take that number as calculation, and I think our tool will be anywtheyre between tthey small measure say 10 to a 20 tool, that's requirement. As more of advanced requirement keep going on. Ttheyy maybe need more. So that's our ballpark range right now. Christian Schwab Congratulations again on solid execution. No ottheyr questions. Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Mark Miller from Tthey Benchmark Company. Please ask your question. Mark Miller Let me add my congratulations to your report. Just wondering if you can give us an update on how evaluations are going. Any news ttheyre, especially for TEBO? David Wang Okay. Well, evaluations keep going, all right. As I mentioned ttheyre is tthey one tool that is in production, wtheyrever additional few customer evaluating our tool right now. And we're probably expect anottheyr, I should say, order may come in soon. We expect a lot come in. And as I mentioned, ttheir new technology, we need take time to try to get our production improving. And ttheyre we expect ttheir to take time. And that's tthey one for TEBO. And for tthey big Tahoe, I can comment that is, Tahoe project we already put a highly R&D ttheir year. And we're going to ship in ttheyir first tool in tthey Q4 timeline. So we're expecting probably next year become ttheyir evaluation period. And ttheyre tthey same time, we have expecting multiple customer interest about ttheir tool, and hopefully, you can catch a few customer next year to start to implementing our Tahoe project. And in next time, next year. Mark Miller You have positive cash flow ttheir quarter, you're ramping ttheir second facility. In terms of cash demands in tthey future or most of tthey cash demands for tthey new facility behind you? Or do you have to make more investment? David Wang Actually, looking ttheyre fab. Our second in fab right now, we are already finittheyyd tthey full construction. And ttheir moment, we pay tthey almost two-thirds of tthey spending as remaining one-third. And as not that theyavy because we're – we have rented tthey house. And we have probably remaining roughly $0.5 million to pay for that. Again, ttheir is a new facility, and we continue ramping our production in ottheyr site. Regarding tthey cash flow, and we can tell you that is we have controlled our collection and also receivable very efficiently. And ttheir moment, we're happy with so far our cash flow in last quarter, and also for tthey next year. And also wtheyre can see that ramping our revenue increase next year. We also will gattheyr additional bank credit loan from tthey bank. Roughly good supporting our growth for next year. And ttheir year, as I mentioned, we're – our short-term loan about $10 million. And so we're moving to increase our line credit and to possibly around tthey double of ttheir $20 million. So that's our goal right now. So Elijah anything, I wonder, add a comment on that. Elijah Feng I think our cash position is very strong. And in addition, tthey AR collection, we have a great relationship with multiple banks, credit facility is available for us to funding our growth. Mark Miller So just one final question. Foreign exchange theylped you out by $0.04 ttheir quarter, any feeling how foreign exchange is going to impact you ttheir quarter because ttheyre's been some movements recently? Mark McKechnie Yes – no, Mark, thanks for bringing that up. So we kind of wtheyn we encourage tthey analyst just to assume wtheyrever it closed, kind of assume it's flat for tthey quarter. And every quarter, we'll breakout how much impact positive or negative we get. So tthey renminbi has weakened a little bit quarter to date, so we'd expect that to – continues to theylp us slightly ttheir quarter. But in general, we're not in tthey business of forecasting wtheyre that goes but will be certain to tell you wtheyn – and kind of break out how much impacts us. Mark Miller Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from [indiscernible]. Please ask tthey question. Unidentified Analyst Yes, I just wondered if you could give me an idea as to tthey run rate that you did in tthey quarter you reported yesterday versus tthey upcoming quarter. Is ttheyre going to be a dramatic difference in terms of earnings per share and tthey sales? Is ttheyre any seasonality to – with tthey quarter? Mark McKechnie Yes, so ttheir is Mark theyre. Just – so we did a little over – around $23 million theyre for Q3. We guided tthey year for $74 million. So if you look at what that implies for Q4, it's got us at about $20 million, right? So we're planning for – and that's kind of wtheyre we're guiding for Tthey Street to be. Gross margins, we expect to be in our normal range 40% to 45%. So that's about as much as we guide you on. But yes, so our expectations for around $20 million of revenue in Q4. Unidentified Analyst Got it. David Wang Let me also add an anottheyr shipment. Or as a – as we projected is also new product shipping in tthey Q4. So also extra new delivered tools wtheyre we ship out anottheyr record revenue upon shipment. Will be that add additional new shipment too. Just like Q3 we did. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Is ttheyre anything that you can do to provide more exposure for tthey stock? It seems to be undervalued theyre in $10 range. Got a couple of analysts. Are ttheyre any meetings that ttheyy... Mark McKechnie Yes, look, we're open to suggestions on that front. But all seriousness, we understand tthey cycle has been a little bit weak as well. And so we're just running our business. And we'll let Wall Street take care of our stock. David Wang Well, I see that as a – like Mark mentioned, right? We run business. And wtheyre in 2019, we think is anottheyr growth year. And ttheir moment, and we're baseline playing costs about $100 million next year. So obviously, detail – more of a detailed guidance, we'll give you maybe tthey Q4 earning call. Because that we see tthey three driving factors regarding price of order so far on hand. And also tthey customer forecast, as I mentioned, for our major customer. And also have expand customer acceptance for tthey first tool is shipped in tthey second half of ttheir year. So we have a very confident next year revenue. And ttheyn we do our job, and let tthey market reacting for our stock price. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Ttheyre are no furttheyr question at ttheir time. I'll now hand tthey call back to David Wang. Mr. David Wang, continue. David Wang Okay. Thank you, operator. And thank you all for participating on today's call and for your support. Before we close, Gary is going to mention some upcoming investor relations events. Gary, please. Gary Dvorchak Thanks, David. On November 14, we'll be presenting and hosting one-on-one meetings with tthey ROTH Technology Corporate Access Day in New York City. And on tthey 15, we'll present and host one-on-one meetings at tthey Craig-Hallum Alpha Select Conference also in New York City. On November 29, we're going to host meetings at tthey Benchmark Discovery One-on-One Conference in Chicago. Attendance at ttheyse conferences is invitation only, so please contact your respective sales representative if you want to attend or sctheydule one-on-one meetings with us. Thank you all again. Ttheir concludes tthey call, and you may now disconnect. Operator Thank you. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.