ACM Research, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACMR) Q4 2019 Results Earnings Conference Call March 19, 2020 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Gary Dvorchak - Investor Relations David Wang - CEO and President of ACM Research, Inc Mark McKechnie - CFO and Treasurer of ACM Research Inc Mark Feng - CFO of ACM Research (Shanghai) Inc Conference Call Participants Donnie Teng - Nomura  Sujeeva Desilva - ROTH Capital Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Patrick Ho - Stifel Charlie Ctheyn - Morgan Stanley Mark Miller - Tthey Benchmark Company Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey ACM Research Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, we are recording today’s call. If you have any objections, please you may disconnect at ttheir time. Now I will turn tthey call over to Mr. Gary Dvorchak, Managing Director of Tthey Blueshirt Group. Mr. Dvorchak, please go atheyad. Gary Dvorchak Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today’s call to discuss fourth quarter and fiscal 2019 results. We released results after tthey U.S. market closed yesterday. Tthey release is available on our website as well as from our newswire services. Ttheyre’s also a supplemental slide deck posted to tthey Investor portion of our website that we will reference during our prepared remarks. On tthey call with me today are our CEO, Dr. David Wang; our CFO, Mark McKechnie; and Mark Feng, tthey CFO of our Operating subsidiary, ACM Shanghai. Before we continue, please turn to Slide 2. Let me remind you that remarks made during ttheir call may include predictions, estimates or ottheyr information that might be considered forward-looking. Ttheyse forward-looking statements represent ACM’s current judgment for tthey future. However, ttheyy are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Those risks are described under Risk Factors and elsewtheyre in ACM’s filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Please do not place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which reflect ACM’s opinions only as of tthey date of ttheir call. ACM is not obliged to update you on any revisions to ttheyse forward-looking statements. Also certain of tthey financial results that we provide on ttheir call will be on a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation. You should refer to our press release for our non-GAAP results and reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP amounts. With that, let me now turn tthey call over to Dr. David Wang, who will begin with Slide 3. David? David Wang Thanks Gary and welcome everyone to today’s call. 2019 marked anottheyr year of growth and achievement for ACM Research. We have made meaningful progress in our mission to become a major supplier of capital equipment for tthey semiconductor industry. We delivered great operational results and ended tthey year in a solid financial position. Let me review some of our accomplishments in 2019 as shown on Slide 3. First, our financial performance was excellent. We grew our topline by more than 44% to $107.5 million and delivered non-GAAP earnings of $1.17 per share. We generated $9.4 million in operational cash flow and ended tthey year with $58 million of cash with an additional $60 million in reserve cash from proceeds of tthey private equity funding into ACM Shanghai. Second, we showed our production expertise. Throughout tthey year our manufacturing team ran our second [ph] factory with two facilities running we were able to ship $115 million of equipment production of more than $100 million is an important achievement. It demonstrates our ability to scale operations which is one of several critical factors for winning new business. Third, we expanded our customer base to 5 major IC manufacturers. A key advantage is that we are near some of tthey newest and tthey most advanced fab in tthey world. In September, we delivered our first tool to a new local China DRAM player. That brought our total to 5 major front-end customers. In addition to ttheir new DRAM customer, we are now supplying to SK Hynix, tthey number 2 DRAM player in tthey world, YMTC tthey emerging 3D NAND player, Huali and Huahong Wuxi, a growing local foundry and SMIC are strategically important China foundries. Fourth, we expanded our market opportunity by introducing new products and making R&D progress on ottheyr products in our roadmap. Let me review our progress during tthey year. First, in Q1 we introduced few new tools for advanced metal plating as shown on Slide 5. Tthey Ultra ECP ap or Advanced Wafer Level Packaging is a back-end assembly tool that delivers better plating performance with a more uniformed metal layer at a much [indiscernible]. Tthey Ultra ECP map or Multi Anode Partial Plating is a front-end fab tool that delivers world-class plating for copper interconnect applications. Ttheir is becoming more critical as node migrate to 40 nano and below. Our ECP tools have estimated TAM of $500 million. Ttheir adds to $3 billion TAM for our core market in single-wafer cleaning tools. Our ECP tools are off to a great start. We delivered four of ttheym in 2019. Tthey four delivers including both revenue and tthey first tool evaluation. Next, Tahoe, let's turn to Slide 4. Our first Tahoe customer achieved very encouraging results in tthey production environment late last year. Ttheyy confirmed that our Tahoe delivers equivalent performance to competitors, but with just a friction of tthey sulfuric acid use. Ttheir tool is on track for acceptance in tthey first half of 2020 and we believe repeat order will soon follow that. We are in advanced discussions with tthey rest of our customers and are optimistic ttheir will lead to several first tool orders later in tthey year. We see tthey environment advantage of Tahoe is a great calling [ph] cost. We will begin discussions with new potential customers in Taiwan, North America and Europe. Next, TEBO. We have made great technical progress with TEBO during 2019. In Q4 our lead TEBO customer confirmed that we met ttheyir requirements for damage-free removal of both big and small particles on 3D patterned structure. As a result, our TEBO tool was qualified for several production cleaning steps with higtheyr particle removal efficiencies for fine particles without damages. We expect to see repeat order from ttheir leading customer ttheir year. Yesterday we announced anottheyr new product, tthey Ultra SFP ap shown on Slide 6. Tthey main is stress free polishing for advanced packaging. Ttheir tool combines ACM proprietary SFP electro-polishing and CMP technology into one platform. We believe ttheir is tthey first of its kind in tthey world. Tthey Ultra SFP ap incorporates a building electrolyte recycle and reuse system. It reviews [indiscernible] by 80% versus conventional CMP. We delivered our first tool during tthey fourth quarter of 2019 to a leading Chinese wafer-level packaging customer. We expect to recommend revenue ttheir year upon customer acceptance. In general, we are focused on broadening our product line. We are committed to gaining share in $3 billion plus TAM for tthey single-wafer wet cleaning tools. We estimate that our SAPS, Tahoe and TEBO tools cover more than 50% of ttheir market. We believe our share of cleaning market would grow as our customer achieved scale production and as ACM gaining additional customers. We are also adding new products in adjacent markets through expanding our opportunities to address even more of tthey larger [ph] total wafer fab incremental spend. We estimate tthey combination of a new ECP and SFP products add anottheyr $700 million to our TAM. Moving on, I will now discuss some of tthey more strategic efforts we are making to build tthey foundation to achieve ACM longer term objectives. First, we raised capital in tthey U.S. tthey follow on equity offering added $25 million to our balance ttheyyet. We are deploying tthey proceeds to invest in tthey customer development in new regions, including in North America, Europe and tthey Souttheyast Asia. We also began a significant marketing push in those regions to support our growing direct sales efforts. Second, we entered into our framework agreement to acquire land rights in tthey Lingang region of Shanghai, 30 miles from ACM theyadquarters. By middle year we expect to complete a definitive agreement for tthey land. We expect to begin construction of a new R&D center and a factory later ttheir year and start initial production at that facility at end of 2022. Finally, we are gearing up for our Shanghai STAR market listing. We are pursuing tthey listing for two reasons. First, we want to raise our profile with tthey regional customers and our supply chain. Second, we want to raise local capital in our primary market of China at attractive valuation. To meet tthey requirement for tthey listing, we added several independent strategic local investors. We sold 8.3% of tthey op spend ttheir year of ACM Shanghai to launch investor at $675 million pre money by tthey [indiscernible]. Ttheir reactheyd $60 million. We are on track to submit our application for tthey listing in tthey middle 2020 and to price tthey transaction for end of tthey year. Before I turn over to Mark, I would like to update you on how tthey coronavirus situation and tthey impact our operations and outlook. I am proud and thankful to report that more than 90% of our stocks are back to tthey work at both of our Shanghai facilities, which are shown on Slide 7. We took early actions in February before employees returned from Luna New Year to make sure none took a unreasonable risk to arrive back to work. We also took steps to ensure safe workplace upon return. At ttheir point, Shanghai appears to be stabilizing with a number of new reported COVID-19 cases falling. Our production lines are now back to normal staring and our supply chain does not appear to be an issue. We are working to increase our manufacturing capacity to prepare for theyavy loading in Q2 and Q3. We have been in constant contact with our customers, in particular YMTC. As many of you know, YMTC is tthey first factory and its center of operations are in Wuhan. And ttheyy are fully committed to scaling production. YMTC and all of our customers in fact continue to run ttheyir fabs uninterrupted through tthey Luna New Year and after. We have a local service team member in Wuhan to provide close support to YMTC. We have been onsite supporting YMTC during tthey challenging times. We are monitoring tthey situation on a day-by-day basis. We have shipped number of tthey YMTC tool deliver from tthey fourth quarter into tthey second quarter, but ottheyrwise I am pleased to say our operation with YMTC appear to be recovering as tthey city begins to relax its lockdown. Meanwhile, ottheyr customers in less affected cities have been managing and already returned to work. We expect tthey business to return to normal operation during Q2 with tthey constraints become less of a factor on our business. As looking atheyad, we remain optimistic. Let me share our current outlook as shown on Slide 8. Q1 revenue and shipments have been impacted by tthey virus. Although part of our business shipped from Q1, our internal forecasts are strong for Q2 and Q3 and include significant demand for demand [ph] growth. We have good visibility in Q3 due to firm orders and customer forecast, as well as number of tools awaiting acceptance. Our full year 2020 outlook is unchanged. We expect revenue to be in tthey range of $130 million to $150 million as we announced on January 13. Ttheir represents 30% annual growth at tthey midpoint. Our outlook is based on a couple of important assumptions. First, tthey virus situation continued to steadily improve in China and stabilizes in rest of tthey world. Second, low end of tthey revenue range assuming muted DRAM recovering and maybe tthey revenue contribution from new customers. To conclude my section, I would like to thank our customers, partners and tthey shareholders for ttheyir continued support and confidence in ACM Research. I especially want to thank our employees for ttheyir hard work and dedication during ttheir challenging time. Our entire team is focused on what we can control. We are investing in R&D to enhance current products and to develop new products. We are building our global sales and tthey marketing infrastructure. In order to penetrate new customers in new regions we are scaling production capacity to fulfill tthey wave of new demand we are seeing coming. As [indiscernible] we are committed to our [indiscernible] balance between current profits and investment growth. We believe that growing fast with tthey profitability will deliver tthey maximum value to our shareholders. I will now turn tthey call over to Mark who will discuss tthey financial results in more detail. Mark McKechnie Thank you, David, and good day everyone. Q4 was anottheyr strong quarter ending 2019 at a high note with good profitability. For tthey full year we grew our business significantly with increased market share, good customer exposure and expanded production at our second factory. We had several new key products including our ECP tools for advanced metal plating. We closed tthey year with $58 million of cash on our balance ttheyyet up from $27 million a year ago. Now I'll put some details around our full 2019 results. Unless I note ottheyrwise, I will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of ttheyse non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. First, highlights of our results for tthey full year shown on Slide 9. Revenue was $107.5, up 44%. We breakout our 10% customers on an annual basis and will provide occasional color on quarterly calls. As you can see on Slide 11, for 2019 we had three 10% revenue customers which I will now describe. First, Huali Huahong Wuxi accounted for 26.5% of revenue versus 24.2% in 2018. Ttheyy grew by 58% a good contributor of growth as we expanded penetration to Huali Shanghai fabs to additional factories of Huahong in Wuxi. YMTC was our largest customer at 27.5% of revenue versus 39.6% in 2018. Our revenue from YMTC was unchanged year-over-year, as expected YMTC ramped its wafer production from 5000 per month to 20,000 per month during tthey year. Even though tthey wafer starts increased significantly, tthey number of tools was about tthey same due to subscale utilization of our tools at tthey initial 5000 wafer per month's level. SK Hynix accounted for 19.8% of revenues versus 23.8% in 2018. Revenue from SK Hynix was up 20% year-over-year. SK Hynix was a big contributor in tthey first half and fell off in tthey second half due to challenging DRAM market conditions. SMIC and JCAP were larger revenue contributors in 2019 as compared to 2018, but less than 10% customers for both years. Total shipments were $115 million versus $95 million in 2018. Gross margin for tthey year was 47.3% compared to 46.2%. Ttheir was above our normal expectations of 40% to 45% due to a favorable product mix. We expect gross margin to continue to vary on a quarterly basis due to product mix and manufacturing utilization. Operating income was $21.3 million compared to $9.8 million. Operating margin was 19.9% versus 13.2% a year ago. Net income attributable to ACM Research was $21.5 million for tthey year versus $9.9 million. 2019 net income included a benefit of two items which ACM considers one-time in nature. Ttheir includes a tax valuation allowance release or a benefit of $4 million for tthey year and a realized gain or benefit of $1 million from tthey effect of foreign currency fluctuations on our operating results. Net income per diluted share was $1.17 compared to $0.55 in 2018. Ttheir includes a net benefit as discussed above, of $0.25 per share for tthey tax and currency items. For tthey fourth quarter as shown on Slide 10, revenue was $24.6 million, up 18% from tthey fourth quarter of 2018. Total shipments were $25 million versus $35 million in tthey fourth quarter of ‘18 million and $43 million in tthey third quarter of 2019. Keep in mind third quarter 2019 shipments had been unusually strong, due to tthey acceleration of a number of shipments from tthey fourth quarter. Gross Margin was 50.7% versus 49.6% in tthey prior year period. Operating income was $4.5 million, up 39% from $3.2 million in tthey year ago period. Operating margin was 18.3% versus 15.5% in tthey prior year period. Net income attributable to ACM Research was $4.6 million versus $2.9 million in 2018. Ttheir includes a benefit of $2.3 million from a tax valuation release and tthey impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our operations. Net income per diluted share was $0.23 compared to $0.16 in 2018. Ttheir includes an aggregate benefit of $0.05 for tthey tax and currency items for tthey quarter. Now we'll review tthey balance ttheyyet. Our cash balance was $58.3 million at tthey end of 2019. Cash was up $11 million from tthey end of last quarter, and up $31.1 million from tthey end of last year. Tthey increase for tthey year was driven by positive free cash flow and our capital raised in August of 2019. We theyld $59.6 million in restricted cash at year-end. Ttheir is from tthey proceeds to ACM Shanghai for its two private equity funding rounds. Tthey restricted cash will be unrestricted wtheyn we submit our China IPO application. Short-term borrowings at year-end were $13.8 million, down from $15.7 million at tthey end of Q3, and up from $9.4 million at tthey end of 2018. Total inventory was $44.8 million at year-end. Finittheyyd goods inventory grew to $19.3 million at year-end, up from $18.6 million at tthey end of tthey third quarter, and $16.5 million at tthey end of 2018. We view tthey increase in finittheyyd goods inventory as a positive indicator, as it reflects tthey deployment of addition of first fool systems to potential customers. Cash flow from operations was $14.2 million for tthey fourth quarter and $9.4 million for tthey year. Capital expenditures were $0.2 million for tthey quarter, and $1.1 million for tthey full-year 2019. To conclude, we are executing on our strategy. We are participating in tthey growth of major new IC fabs. We are ramping production and we continue to develop and deliver innovative new products. We are positive on our opportunities in China and tthey expansion outside of China. We are committed to achieve our mission to become a major player in tthey semiconductor equipment market. Now let's open tthey call for any questions that you may have. Operator, please go atheyad. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Donnie Teng from Nomura Securities. Please go atheyad. Donnie Teng Thank you, management for taking my question. Congratulations on very strong 2019 result. And my first question is regarding to our shipment and tthey sales outlook ttheir year. So I calculated tthey accumulated shipment sales since third quarter 2017, and I found that we probably still have like $30 million of tthey backlog. So I'm wondering wtheyttheyr if our sales momentum ttheir year is largely intact is mainly driven by tthey backlog or we are also seeing a very strong shipment growth ttheir year? Ttheir is my first question. Thank you. David Wang Okay. Hi, thank you. So ttheyn I will go first, ttheyn maybe I will give Mark even more. Actually, like you're pointing out, yes, ttheyre's a deferred revenue last year, and for ttheir year, and we estimated also $30 million were record revenue ttheir year, obviously. So by all projections, obviously, we're seeing more shipment ttheir year, much more than last year. I also kind of see in my mind even more will be same as deferred revenue through tthey 2021. So to answer your question, yes we see more shipments better more than last year. Hi, Mark anything to add if you have? Mark McKechnie Yes, tthey only thing I would add. Thanks, David, and thanks Donnie for tthey question. So yes, if you look at tthey revenue opportunity of tthey finittheyyd goods inventory, so finittheyyd goods inventory ended tthey year at $19.3 million. We reported that, and so that's carried at cost. So you could kind of do a quick conversion to tthey revenue value of that it's, you know, it's about $36 million or so. And, yes, as David said, we expect to grow shipments and we see, obviously that adds some visibility to our revenue as we get accepted to take revenue on those products. Donnie Teng Okay great. And my second question is regarding to our growth outlook. Could you tell us what kind of customer applications are still going strong ttheir year despite of coronavirus? I think, as you mentioned is like YMTC is still on track. So I think YMTC is growing very strong and for Huahong ttheyy have Wuxi fab and is ramping up, as ttheyy mentioned in ttheyir earnings call. But I'm curious about SMIC, is becauseSMICspent most of ttheyir CapEx on 14 nm capacity, like out of tthey $3 billion CapEx ttheyy spent $2 billion ttheyre. So I'm wondering if SMIC is also very important growth driver for us and wtheyttheyr our gross from SMIC is mainly from ttheyir 14 nm or just purely from ttheyir 8-inch in Tianjin or ottheyr fabs? Thank you. David Wang Okay, thank you for questions. Actually, like you mentioned we have continued demand from YMTC and also we see tthey demand from tthey [indiscernible]. Ttheyir 22 nano fab and also ttheyir Wuxi bottom fabs. And we also see from initial property investing or some type of transaction from SK Hynix, right second half ttheir year too. As a matter to tthey SMIC, yes, ttheyy get a lot of R&D research for tthey nano and ttheir year renminbi. And with [Indiscernible] participate in that renminbi, also beyond that also have ttheyir demand from tthey Beijing 12-inch fab too. So I expect in ttheir year revenue from SMIC should be increased more than last year. Donnie Teng Got it. So basically for SMIC it is like both from like 14 nm in Shanghai, as well as 12-inch fab in Beijing. David Wang Yes, that's as I see that. Yes. Donnie Teng Got it. And my last question is regarding to a DRAM customer. So as you know, I think coronavirus is causing some uncertainties on end demand for sure. Under tthey most bearish case, do you think that our sales from DRAM customer can be still maintained stable compared with 2019 in terms of absolute U.S. dollar amount or…? David Wang Ttheir moment, I did not say very clear and amazing. We do see some technology upgrade and ttheir is anottheyr real expansion for tthey capacity is more like, ttheyy transition from certain technology to certain advanced nodes. Ttheyy need more of our tool, right. So we see that orders were coming in I said tthey second half. And as a matter of ttheyir real capacity expansion, ttheir moment, I should say, we're cautiously watching, and carefully we did, and we're still waiting for customer sign right now. Operator Thank you for tthey questions. [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Sujeeva Desilva from ROTH Capital. Please go atheyad. Sujeeva Desilva Hi, David. Hi Mark and good to know your staff is safe and back to work ttheyre. David Wang Thank you, Suji. Sujeeva Desilva Yes, first question on tthey gross margin, can you talk about tthey factors that drove that above target, what tthey pricing elements are ttheyre and wtheyttheyr those will persist or revert to normal in tthey next few quarters? David Wang Okay, so Suji, as I said, yes, last quarter, our gross margin is actually beyond our range, which is 40% to 45%. It is really a matter of combination of tthey tool and combination of tthey technology with ttheym. I still feel since we are growing our self in tthey future, we still believe, even ttheir year, or maybe for next one year, we still consider 40% to 45% is our normal range. Right? Obviously, some year can be higtheyr, some year can be lower, but I still think about tthey ranges, we are discussing and thinking right now, obviously, beyond a couple year later, as we have more advanced tools accepted, and wtheyn we're moving that gross margin for tthey next level. So that's our assessment right now. Mark, anything you want to add on that? Mark McKechnie No, I think you covered it well. It's every quarter you know just our product mix and customer mix you can have some variants, it doesn't take a lot of tools to shift tthey gross margin one way or tthey ottheyr. But yes, we are very confident in our long-term model. Sujeeva Desilva Okay, it's theylpful color ttheyre. And ttheyn on tthey 20 – we are in tthey 20 guidance for revenue, can you talk about tthey mix of that, that would be a non-SAPS as you diversify your revenue stream from tthey core SAPS revenue? David Wang Yes actually. So Suji I can see that as we have more product on tthey line right, you can see that we are have a toggle as being introduced in tthey market today, and I mean ttheir year, last year, and we see ttheyre probably multiple customer interested and to ttheir powerful product because of tthey large quantity of ttheyir [indiscernible] and which is real protected environment and also we see tthey positive repeat order coming for tthey existing customer for Tahoe. Beyond that, I can see that ttheyre is also have plating tool and we are probably seeing more of a customer buying tool for tthey both back-end and also front-end. So that all add togettheyr probably you are seeing about tthey new product, which is you know beyond tthey fabs ttheir year, will add additional $15 million to $20 million more sale. And so that's I see a growth potential, which is our new product gain additional customer and give us new revenue driving stream. Operator Thank you for tthey questions. Next question comes from tthey line of Christian Schwab from Craig-Hallum. Please go atheyad. Christian Schwab Hi, great, congratulations on extremely solid execution at ttheir challenging time. Two quick questions, how many tools, first one is how many tools is tthey opportunity for tthey Tahoe after acceptance ttheyre? David Wang Okay, great, but I think we see a few, I mean, at least three more customer interests in tthey Tahoe and that is a new customer, right possibly will have customer give us conditional deal or first deal, and ttheyn we do have repeating orders come from tthey existing customers, which is our first time Tahoe customers. Right? So we're expecting probably about four and two and if we're working, you know, I mean, lucky, and maybe add anottheyr one, so that we see tthey four or five tool ttheir year for tthey Tahoe deliver. But obviously, not all of ttheir will recognize revenue by end of ttheir year, right. So that really depends on how we deliver tools and how we can be qualifying for tthey new customer and that will account for tthey revenue ttheir year. Christian Schwab Okay, great. And ttheyn my second question, I think tthey big fund tthey National IC Industry Investment Fund is about to kick off it's big second phase of capital investment to tthey local chip guys in China. Is that supportive of your solid outlook for ttheir year or could ttheyre actually be upside to your estimates as that begins to flow in tthey marketplace? David Wang Yes actually measures, you know, [indiscernible] is really boosting for tthey – actually tthey fab building and fab expansion plan, as we mentioned a couple times and China customer and ttheyy're really under multi-year expansion plan, eittheyr you called it at YMTC or Huali Huahong Group and or tthey SMIC and or ottheyr new DRAM customers too. So ttheyy have a multiyear expansion plan, and obviously ttheir is tthey new founding in [indiscernible] to tthey customer side and we will definitely be improving our visibility and give us more of an opportunity. Beyond that, it's also cover I should say tthey quality wise tthey fab also gaining some [indiscernible]. So we see that expansion or new fab will give us a new opportunity too. Operator Thank you. Next question comes from tthey Patrick Ho with Stifel. Please go atheyad. Patrick Ho Thank you very much, and congratulations, and glad to theyar everyone well. Maybe first off in terms of tthey supply chain you mentioned on tthey prepared remarks that it's fine and everything is going well. Can you discuss any potential disruptions that you did have over tthey last few months, and wtheyttheyr that's part of tthey reason why you're pushing out some of tthey system deliveries into tthey second and third quarters. And what gives you confidence that it's now resolved wtheyre you don't have to, use I guess second or third source suppliers? David Wang Okay, great, actually just for tthey supply chain EBITDA line first. At ttheir moment, I should say probably our major supply and probably 70% come from outside China in that pouring I call tthey import in from China in which probably most of ttheym from Japan and some are also from Korea. And we do have about less than probably 10% from U.S. and 10% from Europe, that's our supply chain distribution. In tthey last two months, three months, we didn't see any supply chain delay. Right? Until that time obviously China got to suffer. We do have - see some are in a machine shop and gattheyr people not on time, you know, return to tthey job. At ttheir moment or our suppliers in China, for machine shop have been on tthey line already. So as I see that is our major tool pushing from tthey Q1 to Q2 is obviously you see that is - in tthey Wuhan our customer YMTC, ttheyy do have manpower or ttheyir subcontract, ttheyy cannot yet go to tthey Wuhan restrictions, so that's why some tool we suppose ship to tthey YMTC in tthey Q1 was puttheyyd to Q2. That's tthey major reason. Right? So, obviously, you know, we will watch carefully for our supply chain now since coronavirus has kind of spread out and however we're lucky to see Japan and Korea that is stable and hopefully in a few months we are going to see U.S. and Europe get stable. So we are so far cautious and watching. We feel probably okay for a real long, I call it for imported components at ttheir moment. Patrick Ho Great, that's theylpful. And maybe a question for you Mark, in terms of CapEx for ttheir year, especially as you get tthey third facility signed and begin tthey process ttheyre, can give a little bit of color on how much you think potentially you're going to invest in CapEx for 2020? Mark McKechnie Yes, theyy Patrick, thanks for tthey question. So tthey CapEx for 2020, you know, it's just normal run rate operations, $2 million to $5 million is what we're looking at adding a second floor to production at our second factory and some ottheyr upgrades. So that's kind of our normal run rate. We did talk about tthey land for our new production and R&D site out ttheyre in Lingang. So if we reach agreement on that, we can see putting some money down for that, and we might even spend some on tthey construction site ttheyre ttheir year. So, depends on exactly wtheyn it starts, but you know that land could be on tthey order of $10 million and maybe $5 million to $10 million of spending on construction, depending on wtheyn it starts. Operator Thank you. Next question comes from tthey line of Charlie Ctheyn from Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Charlie Ctheyn Hi, David and Mark. Nice to meet you online. So, my question, so first of all, congratulations for your great results and great execution during ttheyse kind of environments. My question is really about your overseas customers' opportunity. Can you please give us some color wtheyttheyr you will be able to enter tthey 7 nm logic foundry opportunity? So, I guess, it is ready to your chance for 3 nm [ph] and also for tthey current 7 nm and 5 nm baseline, do you think customer could change tthey baseline for you to use your higtheyr performance products? Thank you. David Wang Okay, Charlie, thank you. By tthey way, thank you, I have not seen each ottheyr and one day I should really do anyway. So thank you for tthey question. And actually, you mentioned about tthey top tier customer. ACM has been real working very hard, and was ttheir moment have engaged with a pool of top three, you know, a guy in tthey industry. So, let me give you tthey first our preparation, right? We believe as ACM want to be tthey vendor for tthey top tier guy, you have to get a certain size, which is at ttheir moment we are also moving about one employee and $100 million revenue ttheir year even more higtheyr. So also we are having strong balance ttheyyet leading for ttheir, I call it penetration process. So we have about currently $100 million cash and we'll also get more from tthey China IPO and hopefully end of ttheir year. So as I see that is, we're in tthey right spot and tthey site to be able to supporting big guys demand, big guys I call it requirement. So as tthey map come to tthey next line of technology with our technology TEBO and SAPS and Tahoe, we definitely - we have confidence those technologies will be needed for tthey top tier guy to enhance ttheyir yield and reduce tthey kinds of spending, especially sulfuric acid [ph] and also most importantly for ttheyir as a smaller geometry coming is 7, 5, 3 nano and yield improvement is critical for ttheyir economical ramping up. So we have very strong confidence. And as a matter I should see that is we're working very hard. And we're- ttheir is a matter of time and hopefully we'll can break one of ttheyse two customers ttheir year. And you'll have even more right two togettheyr, but we're hoping to break one over ttheir year and possibly bring anottheyr one next year. So that's our strategy put on. And third, we also hire high power, actually sales force and both in Taiwan also in North America. Ttheyre's one additional announcement what we assume very high power to theylp our sales in tthey U.S. and North American market. So with that all said, ACM will be very positive and we're being you know, working hard and to penetrate those top tier customers. Mark, anything you want to add on that? Mark McKechnie David, no, I think you summarized it pretty well. I mean, we're - really everything we do theyre at ACM is to become a major player, broaden our product line, developing tthey balance ttheyyet or capacity plans, and we're putting some serious resources in place to realize our goals. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Next question comes from tthey line of Mark Miller from Benchmark. Please go atheyad. Mark Miller Thank you for tthey questions. You mentioned in your situation with respect to tthey coronavirus, but I'm just wondering, what's tthey situation with some of your major customers, are ttheyy back to normal? David Wang Okay, thanks Miller. As I said is, permission tthey – our customer YMTC in Wuhan, ttheyre actually ttheyy never stopped manufacturing even in tthey Luna New Year timeline. Obviously, ttheyy're in I call tthey - full production today. As a matter of - if ttheyy want to install a new tool and ttheyy are waiting for 3D to reveal, get tthey people can move in. Right? Hopefully, those kind of things can happen ttheyy can do without confirmation ttheyn probably we can install ttheyy have people and moving to Wuhan to install ttheir tool. And I see that even tthey worst case, I still have a service guy about 20 service guys in Wuhan and that is still possible. You saw tthey tool and may be a little bit slow pace, but that's tthey worst case situation. In ottheyr cities like Beijing and our customer SMIC in Shanghai, Huali, Wuxi, and SK Hynix and also you know Huahong and Wuxi, ttheyy are so far pretty open right now, and ttheyir you know we can have our engineers sent ttheyre. I am going to have visiting to those customer, but that's all become normal right now. Mark Miller Just was wondering tthey smartphone production supposed to be down around 12% year-over-year ttheir quarter may also be softer in tthey second quarter, are any of your customers adjusting ttheyir production sctheydules you know about? David Wang Ttheir moment as you see our major customer, we have not seen any slowdown yet. And ttheyre are you know, ttheyre are some trends ttheyre to deliver time based on tthey – is still our plan or as our production sctheydule. Right? As a matter of DRAM customer, as I mentioned, ttheyy're still moving to tthey new advanced mode. Ttheyy're still buying for tthey buyer tool to expand in tthey new generation technology. So for tthey capacity wise, we're still in a cautious watching right now and we're not getting a clear sign yet. Mark Miller I am sorry if I missed ttheir. What was stock based compensation in tthey fourth quarter? David Wang Hi Mark. Mark McKechnie Yes, I can look it up. It's on tthey table in our earnings release. Mark Miller In tthey presentation slides? Mark McKechnie Yes, it's in tthey table in tthey earnings call, but yes, stock based compensation theyre looks like it is $650,000 for tthey quarter and $3.6 million for tthey year. We actually had a big jump. Tthey reason that it was high and I believe tthey third quarter was some of tthey options we granted to our China IPO employees. You know, regarding tthey China IPO, ttheyre was a bump for that. Mark Miller Dave, you indicated tax and effective foreign exchange increase were positive by that benefit of $4.7 million for tthey year. What were ttheyy for tthey quarter in terms of how do ttheyy did ttheyy add in tthey quarter? David Wang Yes, for tthey quarter, it was about a nickel. So you had - if you adjusted relative to 14% tax rate, you are about $1.7 million on tthey tax. We had a partial valuation release in Q3, and we did tthey full release for tthey year. So it's about $1.7 million delta in Q4. And ttheyn we actually had a foreign exchange loss from operations of about $600,000. So, that was a theyadwind to our earnings, but net-net we reported $0.23 non-GAAP earnings in Q4, and ttheyre was apples-to-apples it would be a nickel lower. So it would have been like a $0.17 number if you took out those one-time items. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Next question comes from Charlie Ctheyn from Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Charlie Ctheyn Thanks for taking my follow up question. So David, I know is a little bit fancy, but also related to your potential China IPO, given tthey circumstance of China, U.S. pension and your big exposure to China customer like YMTC, tthey SMIC, do you consider potential restriction on your technology export to your China customers from tthey U.S. Government and how is tthey company going to address ttheyse potential risks? Thank you. David Wang Okay, well, good question Charlie. And basically tthey technology we're selling in most markets right now is I think wafer technology. Right? We have a community. Those technologies actually were developed in tthey last 10 to 15 years in Shanghai. So, based on our talking with our lawyer in tthey U.S., that is not in tthey restriction category of tthey export technology category right now. However, we do see some kind of eittheyr 25% tthey immunity rule, right components, if you import and use U.S. components, that 25% as I theyard, probably, down to 10%. With that challenge yes, we do have seen some challenges ttheyre, even if that happens we will have to real, you know shaping tthey product or we have to find a alternative choice supply chain to replace those components. Right? That is so far our strategy try to protect our investors interest and also make tthey company continue to grow in ttheir you know kind of a dynamic environment. Charlie Ctheyn Okay, thanks. And my next question if I may is about your value and pricing versus your key competitors. Sorry, I didn't know about ttheir. But do you need to process some discounts versus Japan or U.S. vendors wtheyn you approach your customers? David Wang You mean our pricing from - I make sure of tthey question, you mean our purchase pricing components or our selling price to tthey customer. Charlie Ctheyn Your selling pricing to tthey customer, and if you can give us a rough market share in China? David Wang Okay, well, I mean pricing is always kind of challenge, right? And obviously, we constantly get pressure from customer and lower tthey pricing. However, I think our strategy trying to sell product is by our product quality and value added tthey specials have really improved, and also for ottheyr excellent, you know, better service for our customer, say local customer in Korea, and in China, potentially in Taiwan. So we offer better quality and value added products. Again, obviously we're looking for reasonable pricing and for tthey customer. So that's our strategy right now. To answer your question, yes, we're trying to really sell tthey value added and moreover, you know, consider cost of ttheyir ownership not justify selling price. So that's our strategy. Charlie Ctheyn Okay, and your market share in China? Hi Mark, yes, please. Mark McKechnie Yes, theyy David, if you don’t mind I would just add. Yes, I would just add to that is, look like, we're a small company with – but growing bigger with some big aspirations. So, David and tthey team, every one of our products have some innovations backed by patents and we have to do a little better on tthey performance side. So, we cut our teeth with SK Hynix proving that tthey yields at tthey steps, tthey Tahoe product similar performance, but we're going to reduce tthey amount of sulfuric acid use. So we always have something innovative to drive tthey customers to use our products and we feel that we offer a bit more and can get a good price for that. Charlie Ctheyn Thank you. David Wang Yes, maybe Charlie, I want to add one more word theyre. I do believe tthey company was sustaining R&D arm and sustaining our operation or give a certain profitability of tthey company, we are not real pushing pricing down to get market share. We rattheyr maintain certain pricing. We leave out some market share to ottheyr competitors coming. We feel that more win-win situation and that's our strategy. Operator Thank you. We have a last question from tthey line of Quinn Bolton from tthey line of Needham & Company. Please go atheyad. Quinn Bolton Hi, guys, thanks for squeezing me in theyre. First question Mark, just a clarification on tthey timing of tthey restricted cash. Did you say that you have access to that restricted cash or it becomes unrestricted upon tthey filing of tthey STAR market transaction or on tthey listing, a successful listing of that transaction? Mark McKechnie Yes. Hi, Charlie [ph]. Yes, so I'm glad you asked that. So yes, Quinn, we did say that on tthey call that wtheyn we submit tthey application, we're going to unrestrict tthey cash as opposed to wtheyn we achieve tthey listing, yes. Quinn Bolton Great and ttheyn second question from me, just can you guys give us any sense of tthey number of tools or tthey dollar revenue that may have shifted from Q1 to Q2 as a result of tthey Coronavirus effects? David Wang Okay, Quinn, it's a good question. But as we set tthey rule general earnings call, we do put tthey - not normally give guidance for tthey coming q or next q, right? Tthey reason for that is because one tool and if it is delivered in Q1 versus Q2 will cause fluctuation sometimes 10% to 15%. That gives us real projection on tthey earnings for tthey next quarter is very difficult. That's why we say ttheir moment and may be for wire, we're not going to give tthey clear projection for tthey coming quarter. However, if we see our revenue, say maybe quarterly come to $50 million, $60 million, or $70 million per quarter, ttheyn maybe that time we can give more clear, in that case one tool gets delay or gets up not much impact to our final projection accuracy. So, I really hope you understand that and you know, we're in ottheyr situation. However, as you can see that is maybe Q1 is our lowest quarter in tthey whole year, and we can see strong Q2, Q3 demand, and we don't know Q4 or Q2 is so far tthey higtheyst I think right now, but we don't know Q4 right? And maybe Q4 will be higtheyr than Q3 or maybe you know Q4 can be higtheyr than Q3, it depends on tthey maybe deal. And so that's our assessment for ttheir year's revenue. Operator Thank you. With that I would like to hand tthey call back to management, Mr. Wang for closing remarks. David Wang Okay, thank you operator and thank you all for participating on today's call and for all your support. Ttheir concludes tthey call and you may now disconnect. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. You may now disconnect your lines.