ACM Research, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACMR) Q4 2018 Earnings Conference Call March 7, 2019 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Gary Dvorchak - Tthey Blueshirt Group Dr. David Wang - President and Chief Executive Officer David Feng - Chief Accounting Officer and acting Chief Financial Officer Mark McKechnie - Vice President-Finance Conference Call Participants Mark Miller - Tthey Benchmark Company Suji Desilva - Roth Capital Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Capital Patrick Ho - Stifel Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey ACM Research Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I must advise you that ttheir conference call is being recorded today, 7th of March 2019. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to Mr. Gary Dvorchak. Please go atheyad, sir. Gary Dvorchak Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss financial performance for tthey fourth quarter and fiscal year 2018. We released results after tthey U.S. market closed yesterday. Tthey release is available on our website as well as from newswire services. Ttheyre's also a supplemental slide deck posted in tthey Investor portion of our website that we will reference during our prepared remarks. On tthey call with me today are Dr. David Wang, President and Chief Executive Officer; Ms. David Feng, Chief Accounting Officer and Interim CFO; and Mark McKechnie, Vice President of Finance. Before we continue, let me remind you that remarks made during ttheir call may include predictions, estimates or ottheyr information that might be considered forward-looking. Ttheyse forward-looking statements represent ACM's current judgment for tthey future. However, ttheyy are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Those risks are described in ACM's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Please do not place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which reflect ACM's opinions only as of tthey date of ttheir call. ACM is not obliged to update you on any revisions to ttheyse forward-looking statements. Certain ottheyr financial results that we will provide in ttheir call will be on a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock based compensation. You should refer to our press release for our GAAP results and reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP amounts. With that, let me now turn tthey call over to our CEO, Dr. David Wang, who will begin with Slide 3. Dr. David Wang Thanks, Gary, and welcome, everyone, to today's call. With completion of first full year as a public company, I'm now even more confident in ACM's mission to become a major player in tthey semiconductor capital equipment business. We believe we are in a great position to participate in a build-out of a next generation of fabs for years to come. We have technology leadership, proximity to large customers in Asia and we have recently expanded our production capacity. We have built a solid foundation with important semiconductor customers who are deploying our tools at a scale in some of ttheyir major and most advanced production lines. Our growth is driven by share gains in a $3 billion market for single wafer cleaning tools. We have again shared with new customers, new product and tthey penetration of additional production steps. We also believe our opportunity will increase as industrial moves forward to more advanced nodes and three dimensional architectures. Our 2018 results demonstrate excellent progress toward our strategic objectives. In tthey fourth quarter, we delivered strong revenue, profitability and cash flow from operations. For tthey full year, we grew revenue by 104% to $74.6 million, driven by robust customer demand for our tools and crisp executions. Our product differentiation, improved production scale and expanded operating leverage drove non-GAAP gross margin of 46.2% and non-GAAP operating margin of 13.2%. We generate $6.9 million in cash flow from operations and ended tthey year with more than $27 million of cash. Total shipments, which including two deliveries but not yet fully recognized as revenue were $95 million, up 137% from $40 million in 2017. In addition to strong financial results, we made a significant operational progress in 2018. We solidified our position and major customers. We successfully ramped production at our second factory. We delivered a significant number of first tools in tthey second half of tthey year, and we introduced our newest major platform, Ultra-C Tahoe. Please turn to Slide 4. With more than 20 years of theirtory at ACM Research, we're often asked what is driving our business growth now? We attribute our success to: number one, our differentiated and patent-protected technology; number two, timing in tthey industry. Our customer face real cleaning challenge at advanced nodes. Our breakthrough moment occur with industrial founder traditional cleaning technology to be least effective at a process node starting at 15 nano. Even tthey tiniest defect began to hurt production yields. We believe our innovative megasonic cleaning process offers perfect solution. Tools with our SAPS technology can remove ttheir tiny defects uniformly across entire 12-inch wafer and deliver better yields. Tthey industry is now taking notice. Our first major SAPS customer, SK Hynix, placed tthey production order in 2011. Ttheyy improved yield by more than 1.5 percentage points by using SAPS for just 2 cleaning steps in ttheyir DRAM fab process. In 2015, we added 3 more customers, SMIC, Huali and YMTC all with fab near our Shanghai theyadquarters. Ttheir customer is intending to use our platform beyond DRAM into 3D NAND, Foundry and Logic. We appreciate our customer base as ttheyy consistently push for improved production and put us at tthey forefront of resolving ttheyir most pressing industrial challenges. Please turn to Slide 5. While our customers deploy our tools to drive ttheyir own yields, we often collaborate to deliver new technologies. Ttheir interaction combined with tthey talent and creativity of our Shanghai-based world-class engineering team developed to commercialize our TEBO technology in 2016. TEBO is a different approach to megasonic cleaning. It extends our technology to remove unwanted particles from 3D structures, such as firm fabs, without damaging. We delivered our first TEBO tool to Huali in 2017 and recognized revenue in tthey same year. We work very closely with our customers and have made a great progress in furttheyr developing TEBO technology for optimizing process conditions. We believe it is early days for TEBO, which we expect to become more important as industry broadens its use of vertical structures. In a similar manner, we introduced our third major platform, tthey Ultra-C Tahoe, last August. Tahoe is tthey first of its kind that uses 1/10 of tthey sulfuric acid of competing single-wafer tools. We estimate that Tahoe can theylp our customers save an order of $10 million a year for typical 100,000 wafers per month DRAM fab. Beyond tthey cost saving, Tahoe meets tthey environmental requirement of modern fab around tthey world. Tahoe is anottheyr example of our focus on differentiated, patent-protected product offerings. I am pleased to report that we delivered our first Tahoe to a important strategic customer in January, and a technical evaluation is on sctheydule. Also feedback for Tahoe has been quite positive from both existing customers and potential new customers. Ttheyy are very interested in tthey combination tool, which can integrate tthey ctheymical saving of Tahoe with a single-wafer cleaning benefit of fab and TEBO. We believe tthey Tahoe tool will become a mainstream product to solve today's and future challenges faced by customer for post-CMP cleaning and post-edging cleaning wtheyn moving to advanced nodes. Adding it all togettheyr, on Slide 6, we estimate that our full portfolio of SAPS, TEBO and Tahoe addresses more than 1/2 of tthey 3 billion single-wafer wet-cleaning market. We also offer a family of tools for back-end wafer assembly and packaging. Customers for ttheir product, including Technologies. Our product line includes coater, developer, striper, scrubber, edger and plating tools. We believe tthey back end presented good opportunity for tthey post-Morris law era. Tthey industry is pushing for increased ctheyap performance with more advanced packaging solutions. Our engineering team has been very productive, working on several new innovative solutions in tthey space. Tthey first, which you will theyar more about soon, is a brand-new tool with a unique ACM electroplating technology. We believe ttheir tool will be hit as it offers significant performance advantages versus competitors. One of our first packaging customer who has a number of tools in production has placed multiple production orders for ttheir tool. With our newest electroplating technology, we are on tthey track for delivery in tthey coming months. We now want to provide an update on our new factory shown on Slide 7. During 2018, we opened our second production facility. Tthey factory is a new leased building around a 10-mile from our Shanghai theyadquarter. Tthey new factory has 50,000 square feet of production capacity. Ttheir complements our original factory, which is located at our Shanghai theyadquarter. Tthey factory ramped from a very small output in Q3 to more than 40% of our tool production in Q4. We expect to ship majority of our production to tthey new factory in 2019. Our original factory will be used for small tools and advanced development activities. We believe tthey new factory and our ability to scale production will support our efforts to win new large customers in tthey future. Now I will address our performance in light of a recent spending trend in tthey broader industry. Despite volatility in semiconductor industry, capital spending, we delivered solid growth in 2018. [indiscernible] following orders before and after tthey Chinese New Year holiday, we're looking forward to anottheyr year of solid growth in 2019. As discussed on our last call, most of our customers are in a early to middle stage of tthey multiyear investment to expand capacity. With ttheyir production ramps based on hitting internal year targets, we have orders and a firm forecast for specific projects from several of our top customers, which we expect to contribute in 2019 and beyond. Let me now turn tthey call over to David, who will discuss our Q4 and fiscal year 2018 financial results in more detail. David Feng Thank you, David, and good day, everyone. I will review financial highlights, and ttheyn turn it back to David to provide our 2019 outlook. All comparisons are against tthey same period last year unless I state ottheyrwise. As a reminder, tthey financial results I'm discussing now are non-GAAP which exclude stock-based compensation. First, highlights of tthey full year 2018 show on Slide 8. Revenue was 74.6 million, up 104%. Total shipments were 95 million versus 40 million in 2017. Gross margin was 46.2 % compared to 47.2% in 2017. Non-GAAP operating margin was at 13.2%versus 6.4% a year ago. Non-GAAP net income was 9.9 million compared to tthey net income of 1.3 million in 2017. Ottheyr income in 2018 was positive 1.3 million versus a loss of 0.8 million in 2017. Tthey income in 2018 was due to our 5.7% decline in Chinese renminbi versus tthey dollar during tthey year. For tthey fourth quarter, revenue was 20.8 million, up 21%. Growth was driven by solid demand for our single-wafer cleaning equipment. Total shipments were approximately 32 million compared to 13 million last year. And tthey 32 million last quarter total shipments, including tools shipped and recognized as revenue in tthey quarter plus shipments pending customer acceptance. Gross margin was 49.6%, which was above our normal expectation of 40% to 45%, due to our favorable product mix. Ttheir compared to 53.4% a year ago and 44.5% in September quarter. We expect gross margin to vary on a quarterly basis due to our product mix and tthey manufacturing utilization. Operating expenses were 7.1 million, up from 5.5 million in tthey same period last year and up from 6.5 million last quarter. Growth in operating expenses was driven primarily from R&D as we increased investment in new product offering. Operating income was 3.2 million versus 3.7 million a year ago. Ttheir resulted in operating margin of 15.5% compared to 21.5% in tthey same quarter last year and 16.5% last quarter. Ottheyr income was $42,000 due to a small impact from currency fluctuation. Net income was 2.9 million compared to tthey net income of 3.3 million last year and tthey net income of 4.3 million last quarter. Stock-based compensation was approximately 0.6 million. Now I will review tthey balance ttheyyet. We ended tthey year with 27.1 million in cash. Cash was up 8.9 million from last quarter and tthey 9.4 million from last year. We ended tthey year with 9.4 million in short-term borrowings, down slightly from last quarter and up from $5.1 million at tthey end of 2017. Now let me discuss inventories. We ended tthey year with $38.8 million of inventory. Importantly, finittheyyd goods inventory grew to $6.5 million, up from $10.1 million in tthey third quarter and $4.9 million at tthey end of 2017. We view tthey finittheyyd goods increase as a positive indicator as ttheir reflects tthey deployment of additional first tool systems to potential customers. Cash flow from operations was $9.6 million for tthey fourth quarter and $6.9 million for tthey year. Capital expenditure was $0.1 million for tthey quarter and $2.1 million in 2018. I will now turn tthey call back to David to discuss our outlook. Dr. David Wang Thank you, David. And please turn to tthey Slide 9. Again, we are pleased with our 2018 results. While we are monitoring trends in a broader semiconductor market, we have received strong orders and production forecast from our customers. We are excited by our business prospects and remain committed to gain tthey share with new products, new customers and more production steps. For 2019, we expect revenue of $100 million, up 34%, reflecting strong demand from our existing customers. In conclusion, we are executing our strategy. We are participating in tthey ramp of major new IC fabs. We are ramping production at our second factory, and we continue delivering innovative new products. We remain committed to achieving our vision of becoming a major player in tthey semiconductor equipment market, and we're looking forward to delivering anottheyr strong year in 2019. Let's now open tthey call for any questions that you may have. Operator, please go atheyad. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We have tthey first question coming from tthey line of Mark Miller from Tthey Benchmark Company. Please go atheyad. Mark Miller I just was wondering, in terms of tthey $100 million you're expecting for next year, is it you're going to be front-end, back-end loaded, or is it going to be more even? And what percent of that $100 million you feel you have strong commitments on in terms of current orders? Dr. David Wang Okay. Great. Thank you, Miller -- Mark. And actually, our $100 million revenue projection, I think, is still around 90% from tthey front-end customer, probably 10% from tthey back-end packaging customer. And at ttheir moment, we see ttheyre a strong demand from existing customer. We're probably already theyavily loaded in partial Q1 and also Q2, Q3. And I can explain our top customer, SK Hynix, tthey continued expansion ttheyir manufacturing fabs in Wuxi. And also our YMTC customer expanding ttheyir 20k 3D NAND in our production line, too. And also, Huawei, Huahong and also ttheyy're expanding ttheyir fab 7 in Wuxi city of tthey Jiangsu province. And also we're glad to see that we received order also from SMIC in 40-nano technology line. And plus, as I mentioned, we introduced our electroplating technology into tthey packaging application. So that's anottheyr future revenue growth engine for us in tthey back-end applications. Mark McKechnie Mark, it's Mark McKechnie theyre. And I just wanted to add a few things to David's answer. On tthey visibility, it's driven by three things as normal, right? Tthey orders that we got both before and after Chinese New Year. So we got good solid orders. Our customer forecasts coming in pretty nicely. And ttheyn also tthey acceptances. If you look at our finittheyyd goods inventory of $16.5 million, if you kind of look it with tthey -- take a normal gross margin, you can see ttheyre is some pretty good revenue opportunity ttheyre. In terms of seasonality, throughout tthey year we don't really talk too much about all tthey quarters, but Q1 we do expect to be up year-on-year, but to be down sequentially from Q4. Thanks. Mark Miller Okay. I'm just wondering, R&D took a big jump up. What are your expectations for R&D in 2019? David Feng R&D expenses roughly will be running about at 20%. Mark McKechnie Sales. David Feng In terms of sales. Dr. David Wang Yes, actually -- yes -- and we're continuing looking for tthey new product and new R&D. At ttheir moment, we're not trying to maximize operation margins. So we're trying to redevelop tthey new product and tthey new requirement based on tthey customer demand. So that's all I must say ttheir year. Mark Miller In terms of mix and what you're seeing in your orders, is it a higtheyr mix in terms of margin, same type mix? Or just I was wondering about what you're seeing and what you feel are your strong commitments in orders in terms of tthey mix and tthey impact on margins? Dr. David Wang Well, actually, looking at our general guidance, our margins were between 40%, 45%. I think probably ttheir year, it would be in a range of 40% to 45%. Even last year, we were 46% achieving so far. So that's probably our projection. Mark Miller And finally, excuse me. Mark McKechnie Go atheyad if you have one more question. Sorry, Mark, about that. Mark Miller Any impact, any response from competition in tthey cleaning space? You've seen any reaction on tthey part of your competitors to your growth? Dr. David Wang Well, again, we're -- ttheir moment, our space, as our core technology stand for tthey SAPS, TEBO and tthey recent use of tthey Tahoe product. And we do not see any competitors technology who are competing with our performance. And obviously, we're looking carefully, and we are trying to deliver our performance with our core technology and meet tthey customer requirement. Operator We have our next question coming from tthey line of Suji Desilva from Roth Capital. Suji Desilva Tthey -- just a follow-up on Mark Miller's question. Tthey luminary of tthey quarters, is tthey fourth quarter kind of back-end loaded year that you talked about wtheyn you IPO-ed? Is that no longer going to be tthey trend for you guys? Or is -- will that kind of come back at some point? Just to understand how tthey quarters play out in revenue. Dr. David Wang Well, good question. I mean, looking at last year, our delivery is based on customer requirement. Especially, wtheyn we have our prodigy being sold in tthey mass production line. Those deliver mostly by seasonality control, more by customer fab requirement. So same thing ttheir year. We're seeing a very similar pattern, almost close to last year, as I mentioned, in tthey beginning. And we have our Q1, obviously, significantly higtheyr than same quarter last year and also probably lower than tthey Q4, I mean, last quarter, right? Ttheyn Q2, Q3, we see very strong demand ttheyre. And obviously, Q4 is far away, but we're also expecting a good, I call it, delivery in Q4, too. Suji Desilva And ttheyn similarly on tthey demand and visibility question. Are you seeing any of tthey macros issues of China tariffs impacting any of tthey forecasts or plans? It doesn't sound like you are but I just wanted to clarify that point. Dr. David Wang Well, and I should say not much changing, right. As of ttheir moment, I still see a strong demand from existing customers, which build our 2019 projection. We do see one customer delay of tool by one month. So not much difference. So that's what so far we feel in tthey market theyre. Suji Desilva And turning to tthey manufacturing area. You have tthey second facility theyre. Can you talk about tthey revenue opportunity for that facility at full ramp? And what tthey -- wtheyttheyr you've pulled in tthey sctheydule, wtheyttheyr it's ramping to sctheydule? And what kind of CapEx you think you'll have for 2019? Dr. David Wang Great. So tthey new facility we're building right now is a total 50,000 square feet. Obviously, for tthey reach of tthey full capacity, tthey reach is $250 million per annual base, including our older facility about 100 million. So in total, our manufacturing capacity total, I should say, is 350 million. Obviously, ttheir year, our projection 100 million, we'll probably get one third of our capacity right now. We're projecting maybe next two years or something in tthey future, we'll have to reach that full capacity. Suji Desilva And tthey CapEx, you think you might be spending in '19 given that ttheyse two facilities are up and running? Dr. David Wang Good question. So CapEx, I think, we spend 2018 for tthey building of tthey manufacturing area, and since we have already finittheyyd almost 95% building right now, I don't think we'll spend more than last year probably much less than last year in tthey CapEx spending. Suji Desilva Down year-over-year. And ttheyn my last question's around tthey products. David, if I'm a customer that buys SAPS and/or TEBO and also tthey Ultra-C Tahoe, is ttheyre any kind of benefit for me of putting those two pieces of equipment both on tthey floor? Or is it just an independent buy one versus tthey ottheyr? Dr. David Wang And I think tthey SAPS, Tahoe are pretty much independent, right. SAPS is about cleaning tthey fab wafer and normally no structure, tiny structure, on top. TEBO is a real cutting for tthey patent wafer with a real tiny structure, which is damage free. Tahoe is very interesting. Tahoe really, primarily, is building for sulfuric acid. Ttheyy use 1/10 of tthey sulfuric acid as a general ottheyr competitive single-wafer sulfuric acid machine. But with our combination of hybrid tools, we definitely can put ttheyir SAPS and ttheyir TEBO in a single-wafer side to furttheyr enhance tthey particle removing efficiency. So -- answering your question, yes, Tahoe can be also incorporated SAPS and Tahoe in tthey cleaning margin. But all tthey 3 tools can… Suji Desilva Right. So you're going to plan and incorporate into a hybrid tool ttheyre. Operator We have our next question coming from tthey line of Christian Schwab from Craig-Hallum Capital. Christian Schwab David, how many new large future customers are you targeting? Dr. David Wang Okay. Good question. Ttheir moment, right now, we work with 3 major customers -- big customers right now. Mark McKechnie In addition to our existing customers. Dr. David Wang Yes, in addition to our existing customers, right? Suji Desilva All right. Perfect. And ttheyn post-Chinese New Year, were tthey orders in line or better than what you would've expected? Dr. David Wang I think pretty much in line, and just before tthey Chinese New Year, we have people or customers talk to us and [Indiscernible] at tthey final firm order has been decided after tthey Chinese New Year. So number wise, almost same as we projected, which is look in tthey Q3 earnings call wtheyre I mentioned $100 million. That number will be consistency with our projection and so far with our projection too. Christian Schwab Fabulous. And ttheyn my last question, I think you mentioned earlier wtheyn you were talking about your manufacturing capacity of having roughly $100 million ttheyn adding $250 million, and ttheyn being a -- roughly a third utilization ttheir year, I think I theyard you say that you could fill that capacity in tthey next 2 to 3 years. Did I theyar that correctly? Dr. David Wang Well, I mean, I should say, probably beyond 2 to 3 years, right? It's more than hard to predict 3 years down tthey road. But really, we think of an opportunity coming in tthey next 2, 3 years because number wise, it's hard to really predict it right now, right? Probably by end of ttheir year, I can tell you next year's projection. It's hard to project 3-year, 4-year down tthey road. Mark McKechnie Christian, Mark theyre. Tthey one thing I'd just add to that is, as you know, David, your 2 questions -- your first and your last line up pretty well, right? I mean, if we want to be talking to some bigger-potential customers, we need to show ttheym some capacity and that we can scale. I mean, tthey timing for ttheym is who knows, right? But we're going to work to get ttheym online as soon as possible. Operator [Operator Instructions] We have tthey next question person coming from tthey line of Patrick Ho from Stifel. Patrick Ho David, maybe just looking at your product portfolio and your exposure to tthey memory segment. You talked about some of tthey opportunities for TEBO in terms of 3D pattern wafers for tthey memory market wtheyre we're seeing more multi-patterning steps as well as 3D NAND. As tthey industry continues to move forward, especially on tthey 3D NAND side of things with more layers, how do you see tthey capital intensity trends, particularly for your products serving devices with more layers? Dr. David Wang Okay. Great question, Patrick. I think tthey -- eittheyr 3D NAND or tthey DRAM, ttheyy have a multilayer or 3D structure in tthey device side. Like, for example, 3D NAND, you have just deep rear or deep hole making tthey 3D NAND. Those holes inside tthey cleaning and edging all kind of process, you need a certain agitation happen to enhance tthey cleaning efficiency. So I think megasonic is a perfect tool to provide such agitation or such cleaning efficiency for deep rear. So that's really one strong demand or our tool application in those specific applications. As we all know today's 3D NAND is about 64 layer, people moving to 72, maybe 96. Also as tthey people are projecting down tthey road, those layers can be as high as a 2056, even beyond. So as we have a deep rear, deeper structure, and ttheir megasonic, SAPS or TEBO will definitely play a very important role to clean those deep changing rear structures. So we are very confident. We are very expecting ttheir demand -- huge demand for our tools down tthey road. Patrick Ho Great. That's theylpful. As my follow-up question on tthey Tahoe product, I know ttheyre is a lag between initial shipments to customers versus revenue recognition, wtheyn do you expect to, I guess, generate tthey first revenue recognition for those products? Dr. David Wang Great. Actually, like you said is last -- I mean, Q3 last time call, we talked about probably shipping tthey Tahoe by tthey end of last year because of we did more testing and -- of tthey performance since tthey first tool, ttheyrefore, we're about to delay one month. And I think we're expecting those tools will be installed on time, and generally speaking, our first tool in customer side, anywtheyre between six months to one year. So we think that tool qualification will take that much time between six months and one-year timeline. So that's, in general, our practice. Mark McKechnie One thing I'd add to that is if you look at our forecast or guide for 2019, we don't really have a lot of Tahoe in it for ttheir year. We think it will contribute a bit more next year as we start getting acceptance. Tthey ottheyr thing I'd say too, in tthey prepared remarks, David mentioned that we do have some additional customers and potential customers taking a look at tthey Tahoe. Really interested in tthey performance, and we actually feel like that could happen a little quicker than tthey TEBO. Dr. David Wang Yes. Actually, we talked to every customer about Tahoe concept. Ttheyy all love it. Ttheyy all think about very good tool for [indiscernible] and good combination technology. So we have a very positive and expectation for ttheir tool to be tthey mainstream product. Patrick Ho Right. And maybe one final question on my end. It's great to see tthey strong traction you're getting for your new products as well as tthey systems business you're having. But clean like edge CMP and a lot of tthey ottheyr segments have a strong services capability or nice revenue stream from that end of it. As more systems hit tthey field, how do you look at growing tthey services business, which I'm assuming can be really nice supplement to your systems business growth? Dr. David Wang Very good question, Patrick. At ttheir moment, obviously, our tools are not popular a lot as a big guy ttheyre in tthey market a long time. So ttheir moment, our service revenue is still in a friction percentage, right, and less than 5% however, as our tool is more popular in tthey market, we do believe that would be very good revenue stream for tthey services portion. So as we place more tools in tthey market and we see that ttheyre is service revenue growth. Operator [Operator Instructions] We do not have any furttheyr questions at tthey moment. I would like to hand tthey conference back to Mr. David Wong. Please go atheyad, sir. Dr. David Wang Thank you, operator. And thank you all for participating on today's call and for your support. Before we close, Gary is going to mention upcoming investor relations events. Gary, please. Gary Dvorchak Thanks, David. On March 18, tthey Company is going to present and host one-on-one meetings at tthey 31st Arthurual Roth Growth Conference in Orange County, California. Entrance to tthey conference is invitation only, so please contact your respective sales representative if you want to attend or sctheydule one-on-one meetings with us. Thank you all, again. Ttheir concludes tthey call. You may now disconnect. Operator Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect now.