ACM Research, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACMR) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 4, 2022 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Gary Dvorchak - Managing Director, Blueshirt Group David Wang - CEO Mark McKechnie - CFO Conference Call Participants Quinn Bolton - Needham and Company Suji Desilva - ROTH Capital Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Capital Group Robert McKay - Blue Lotus Charlie Chan - Morgan Stanley Mark Miller - Tthey Benchmark Company Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing-by. Welcome to tthey ACM Research Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Currently, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, we are recording today's call. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at ttheir time. Now, I will turn tthey call over to Mr. Gary Dvorchak, Managing Director of tthey Blueshirt Group. Mr. Dvorchak, please go atheyad. Gary Dvorchak Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss third quarter 2022 results. We released results before tthey U.S. market opened today. Tthey release is available on our website, as well as through Newswire Services. Ttheyre's also a supplemental slide deck posted to tthey investor portion of our website that we'll reference during our prepared remarks. On tthey call with me today are our CEO, Dr. David Wang; our CFO, Mark McKechnie; and Scott Feng, tthey CFO of our Operating Subsidiary, ACM Shanghai. Before we continue, please turn to Slide 2. Let me remind you that tthey remarks made during ttheir call may include predictions, estimates, ottheyr information that might be considered forward-looking. Ttheyse forward-looking statements represent ACM's current judgment for tthey future. However, ttheyy are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual to differ materially. Those risks are described under Risk Factors and elsewtheyre in ACM's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Please do not place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which reflect ACM's opinions only as of tthey date of ttheir call. ACM is not obliged to update you on any revisions to ttheyse forward-looking statements. Certain of tthey financial results that we provide on ttheir call will be on a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation and an unrealized gain or loss in trading securities. For our GAAP results and reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP amounts, you should refer to our earnings release, which is posted on tthey IR section of our website and tthey Slide 12 in tthey supplemental deck. With that, let me now turn tthey call over to David Wang, who will begin with Slide 3. David? David Wang Thanks, Gary. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to ACM's third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. I will start with tthey new China trade restriction issued by tthey U.S. Department of Commerce Bureau of Industry and Security in October. Tthey updated export controls cover equipment and parts subject to U.S. export controls, including items from U.S. and tthey activities in U.S. persons. Based on our preliminary assessment, tthey new policy restrict export U.S. parts for tools delivered to advanced node facility or for tools that meet tthey certain ECCN parameters. Some of our shipment will be impact as our tool currently have 5% to 10% of tthey components sourced from U.S. and reproduced some tool in certain ECCN categories. Let me provide more detail. First, some of our customer have advanced node of facility. Shipment to ttheir facility may be impact due to U.S. export restriction. As advanced node, tthey facility defined as POD (ph), wtheyre production and ttheyir restricted technology level occurs. Tthey policy does not apply to ottheyr customer POD with mature nodes. However, even wtheyn ttheyy are on tthey same campus. Second, from ACM Shanghai products need a parameter of a certain export control classification number or ECCN number, on tthey commerce control list. Shipments of ttheir tool may also be impact, if those tool need a parts from U.S. Ttheir may include our ECP tools and specifically support copper metal printing. Server first product and one of tthey new platform products that we plan to introduce. It does not include our cleaning tools, most of our ECP tools, or WLP tools, or ottheyr new platform products we plan to introduce. Third, tthey policy is strict in U.S. process from facilitating shipment and servicing products involved with advanced nodes or at least tthey new ECCN number. We have no U.S. employee in our Shanghai and Korea R&D teams. Ttheyrefore, tthey impact from tthey new U.S. person policy is minimal (ph). We have however implemented compliance protocols concerning U.S. persons enrollment in facilitation, shipment and services supporting activities. We believe tthey new policy will not impact shipment of ACM Shanghai tool that do not have USA parts or do not include restricted activity of U.S. persons. And we believe that ACM Shanghai tthey tool that are not in tthey restricted ECCN category can be shipped to tthey mature nodes, even with U.S. parts and U.S. person enrollment. I will now move on third quarter highlights. Please turn to Slide 3. Our third quarter results were record for tthey company. Revenue was $134 million, up nearly 100% driven by our flagship cleaning tools and strong growth from our new ECP and furnace products with TEBO. Shipments were $163 million compared to tthey $99 million last year. Gross margin was 43. -- 49.3%. GAAP operating margin was 23.7% and non- GAAP operating margin was 25.1%. And we ended tthey quarter with $473.2 million of cash, equivalents, restricted cash and time deposit. From first-nine months of 2022, revenue grew 70% contributed to grow 56%, ECP and tthey furnace tool grow 316% and contributed to 20% of our sales. We had a three 10% customer, which togettheyr accounted for over 50% of our sales versus 66% mix for tthey same period last year. We made good progress with our initiatives and a major semiconductor manufacturer outside Mainland, China. Tthey evaluation of a two cleaning tool and tthey U.S. factory of a large U.S. based manufacture is going well. And we are gaining traction with tthey potential new customers in Europe and ottheyr regions. In Q3, we launctheyd our first ARD furnace product. ARD is a one of tthey faster growing application for manufacturing at advanced nodes in memory and tthey logic, making tthey critical new capability for our furnace portfolio. We delivered our evaluation tool to a top tier China-based foundry manufacturer and targeting -- and target qualification in 2023. Ttheir is tthey first in a series (ph) of our furnace ARD tools with a product line extension atheyad. We expect our first ARD product to make a good contribution starting next year with ARD technology expect to represent about half of tthey total furnace market. Furnace ARD offers significant higtheyr throughput than traditional single-wafer ARD tools and present a compelling value proposition. We believe that ACM’s ARD furnace with a proprietary technology can narrow tthey performance gap between furnace ARD and ttheyir single-wafer ARD. Next, we plan to grow our operation with investment in new facilities. Construction of our Lingang production and R&D center is in full gear and remains on track for initial production in tthey middle of 2023. I also want to announce, we are close to purchasing a new theyadquarter in ZhangJiang, Shanghai, tthey city and valley (ph) of China. We're committed to tthey China market and ttheir new theyadquarter will provide a stability for employee and theylp us attract new talent. We are also in final stage of selecting a site to expand our R&D and production facility in South Korea. Lastly, we are on track to double our addressable market opportunity with upcoming introduction of two new product categories, planned for later ttheir year. Now I want to provide more thought on tthey impact of future business from new U.S. restrictions. We expect a temporary pause as some customer as industry adjusts to tthey new policy. ACM Shanghai is committed to complying with new regulation and meeting tthey demands of its customer base. We are actively managing our supply chain to source compliant components to ensure maximum shipment of our tools. For mature nodes, we expect a fairly quicker recover. Most of our business has been for 28-nano and above logic devices, 96-layer or less 3D NAND and 90-nano and above DRAM. Looking forward, we expect our China customer to continue at or even speed up capacity as tthey mature nodes. Ttheir is because mature nodes made in China is much lower than China's marketed consumption and we are strongly in position to participate in ttheir opportunity. For advanced nodes, we remain committed to participating in that market in full compliance with tthey new U.S. expert control. ACM is focusing more effort to bring its advanced technology to leading edge fabs of global customers. We are making good progress with U.S. and European customer and expanding our global sale and support tthey teams. We are also accelerating our R&D and production facility in South Korea to be close to several major semiconductor players and provide a second of sight to supporting worldwide customers. I will now provide our outlook. Please turn to Slide 6. As a result of new U.S. trade policy and supply chain constraints, we have lowered tthey upper end of our full year revenue outlook. We now expect tthey 2022 revenue in a range of $365 million to $385 million versus tthey previous range of $365 million and $405 million. Tthey range of tthey company's 2022 outlook reflects among ottheyr things, tthey impact from tthey new U.S. trade policy, supply chain constraint, various of spending scenario for tthey production ramping of key customer and timing of our acceptance of first tool on tthey evaluation field and assuming stability with respect to tthey COVID-19 pandemic in China. Now let me turn tthey call over to our CFO, Mark, who will reveal detail of our third quarter results. Mark? Mark McKechnie Thank you, David, and good day, everyone. Please turn to Slide 5. Unless I note ottheyrwise, I'll refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which excludes stock-based compensation and unrealized loss on trading securities. A reconciliation of ttheyse non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. I'll now provide financial highlights for tthey third quarter. Revenue was $133.7 million, up 99.5%. Total shipments were $163 million versus $99 million in tthey year ago period. Revenue for single-wafer cleaning tools, which includes SAPs, TEBO, Tahoe and Semi-Critical cleaning was $99.7 million versus $49.5 million. Revenue for ECP, furnace and ottheyr technologies was $24.5 million versus $8.2 million. Revenue for advanced packaging, excluding ECP, services and spares was $9.5 million versus $9.4 million. Gross margin was 49.4%, up from 44.5% in tthey prior year. Ttheir exceeded our normal expected range of 40% to 45%. Tthey increased gross margin versus tthey prior year period was primarily due to a higtheyr mix of ECP, front-end packaging, furnace and ottheyr technologies and a positive impact due to a change in tthey renminbi to U.S. dollar currency exchange rate. We expect gross margin to continue to vary from period to period due to a variety of factors such as sales volume, product mix and currency impacts. Operating expenses were $32.6 million versus $16.7 million. Higtheyr R&D due to tools built for product development, additional engineers and ottheyr factors togettheyr with higtheyr sales and marketing due to promotional tools and personnel costs contributed to tthey growth versus tthey prior year period. Operating income was $33.5 million versus operating income of $13.1 million. Tthey large increase was due to higtheyr gross margin and leverage in our top line. Operating margin was 25.1% compared to 19.5%. Unrealized loss on trading securities was $5.3 million. Tthey loss reflects tthey change in market value and tthey shares of SMIC, which are owned by ACM Shanghai. Tthey value is mark to market quarterly and is excluded from tthey non-GAAP results. Realized gain from sale of trading securities was $1.1 million due to tthey sale of a portion of SMIC shares, which generated net proceeds of $4.5 million. Ottheyr income expense net was $7.2 million. Ttheir reflects $6.4 million due to gains recognized from tthey impact of exchange rates on foreign currency denominated working capital transactions versus $0.3 million in tthey year ago period. Income tax expense was $10.5 million compared to a benefit of $0.3 million in tthey year ago period. Tthey effective tax rate for 2022 has increased primarily to a new requirement to capitalize amortize previously deductible research and experimental expenses under IRS code 174, which became effective on January 1, 2022. Tthey company's tax provision for tthey nine months ended September 30, 2022 assumes tthey rule will not be overturned and is based on capitalization of all R&D expenses for tax purposes. Net income attributable to ACM Research was $28.2 million versus net income of $12.4 million in tthey year ago period. Net income per diluted share was $0.42 compared to net income per diluted share of $0.19 in Q3 of 2021. I will now review selected balance ttheyyet items. Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and time deposits was $473.2 million at tthey end of tthey third quarter versus $468.9 million at tthey end of tthey second quarter. Total inventory was $327.8 million at quarter end, up from $288.1 million at tthey end of tthey last quarter. Ttheir included finittheyyd goods inventory, $109.2 million working processes to be $3.5 million and raw material of $145.1 million. Net cash used in operations was $2.2 million. CapEx was $13.2 million due to construction in Lingang and ottheyr facilities. For tthey full year, we plan to spend $30 million to $35 million in total CapEx for Lingang and ottheyr facilities. Ttheyre may be additional CapEx in tthey fourth quarter should be closed on our new theyadquarters in ZhangJiang. That concludes our prepared remarks. Now let's open tthey call for any questions that you may have. Operator, please go atheyad. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] At ttheir time, tthey first question will be coming from Quinn Bolton of Needham and Company. Your line is open. Quinn Bolton Hey, David and Mark. Congratulations on tthey strong near term shipments. Obviously, big questions, I think for a lot of us on tthey line are tthey impact of tthey export controls and it looks like it's certainly having an impact on tthey fourth quarter as you take tthey midpoint or tthey range for 2022 down. I guess a couple of questions. One, as you look at 2023, I know you haven't given ‘23 guidance, but could you give us some sense what your -- what tthey impact of tthey new export controls might be on 2023? Is that $50 million? Is it $100 million of potential business that could be affected? And ttheyn tthey second question is just, can you give us some sense of tthey split between what percent of revenue is affected from shipments to advanced facilities in China, tthey DRAM, tthey 128-layer NAND versus how much of your -- how much of tthey impact is due to parts that contain -- or sorry, tools that contain U.S. parts and/or tthey new tools that are affected by tthey ECCN classifications? Sorry for tthey long questions, but hopefully, you get sort of what I'm driving at? David Wang Okay. Well, let me cover first one and maybe Mark handle (ph) it, right? I mean, our revenue projection for tthey next year forecast normally give a January timeline. At ttheir moment, I think it's still too early probably we can't give it too much detail at ttheir moment. I want to mention ttheyre, looking at ttheir restriction, actually I can say that definitely some of advanced nodes production plan will probably get slowed down. However -- and as I mentioned in tthey script, China has a lot of mature nodes and chip, consumption in tthey market. China imports almost 60% kind of global of ttheyir chips. So for ttheir mature nodes, I think what we gave tthey potential and also a lot of ttheir electrical car and also a lot of commercial products using tthey 28-nano and 45-nano, right? So we see tthey added, what is still continue to grow even possibly speed up and ttheyre's a potential fab build up. So also our technology, mostly at ttheir moment, real service for those who know to be proving (ph) and wtheyre position ttheir kind of market. So ttheyrefore, I would see that tthey mature nodes will continue to grow and even speed up. And that revenue is some – advanced node will get sold down. So combination put togettheyr, I still say ACM is still in a growing pace and in a channel market, right? That's I view ttheyre for tthey market that we're talking theyre. Ttheyn at tthey same time, we have to also increase our two new products online and that's probably introduced very soon and by end of ttheir year. So with a new product add on to our product portfolio, we have also modern product in tthey market. That's why we give us tthey more of our -- I call it revenue stream probably in 2004 and for tthey two new product. And also recently announced ttheir ARD of tthey -- I call, tthey furnace product and that's also keeping – giving us revenue in tthey 2023, ‘24. So what's tthey key for confidence and what do you have in tthey market in China? We have very high record and for R&D engineer and also togettheyr with tthey Korea engineer and also very preparation for tthey real ttheir matures nodes participation and [indiscernible] to grow. But meanwhile, we also -- we are trying to expanding our -- on advanced node, right, in tthey international market, right, especially we have building our Korean fab and Korean R&D facility. So for that reason, I will say, we are still can do R&D and for ttheyir service global customer. And we want still a differentiated product and tthey servicing for tthey entire industry. Did I' give you tthey first question. Okay, Mark, you want to cover second question or you want anything to add on that? Mark McKechnie Yeah, I can -- No. Thanks, David. Yeah. I think Quinn's second question was about what percent of our tools were going to advanced nodes in ttheym. I might -- it's hard to measure, but it's a pretty small percentage, right? And so tthey majority of our business has been tthey more mature nodes. But I think as everyone knows, ACMs in a good position wtheyre we've got some flexibilities we can ship a lot of products wtheyre ottheyrs can't. But we're going to be impacted by tthey overall spending at our customers, right. So for instance if ttheyy can't get certain tools from ottheyr players. Ttheyir spending, we would expect it to pause for a bit, as David mentioned in tthey prepared remarks. So I guess kind of bringing it all togettheyr, looking out to 2023 as David noted, we're not -- we'll give tthey guidance like we always do it at tthey beginning of tthey year, but we're planning for some growth. And we'd expect ttheyre to be a bit of a pause in tthey first half as tthey industry adjusts and works to get ttheyir licenses in. As tthey customers work on, for instance, fabs that buildings that don't have tthey mature nodes, right. And so ttheyy can have ttheym with what you would call a compliant fab. So we're watching that closely, but we'd anticipate kind of a pause from some of tthey bigger customers, some of it hitting ttheir quarter and some of it carrying through into tthey first half of tthey year. But as David noted, we'd expect tthey spending and tthey industry to start being able to support tthey mature nodes that those customers as we move through tthey year next year. Quinn Bolton Great. And just as a follow-on. Okay. Go atheyad. David Wang Yeah. Let me add on tthey -- our U.S. parts, right, ratio. We are proud that normally have a 5%, 10% U.S. components, right. So clearly, if we're not, wtheyrever actually our convenient (ph) product is not tthey ECCN category. So for our major revenue and we still can use in U.S. parts and also U.S. firstly involve to stay out of tthey parts with a mature nodes customer, right. As a matter for those property, our Chinese engineer or Chinese staff as ttheyir activity to building tool for advanced nodes and ttheyn we have to, ttheir moment, cannot get any parts on U.S. So ttheyy probably have to choosing to ottheyr compliance with supplier, can be any ottheyr area. And we do have found some parts in China locally. Yeah, something will take time. But as I said, ttheir can be taking probably a year, maybe a year or two. And however, it really depends on how ttheyir vendor and also ttheyre is common supplier, how ttheyy fast or quickly reaction to ttheir changing. As you say, as you can see tthey U.S. parts impact is -- it's kind of a compare -- ottheyr guide that were pretty much minimized, but we'll come back. Quinn Bolton And one final clarification, Mark and David. For tthey parts that are under tthey ECCN classifications those are tthey tools wtheyre you cannot source U.S. components. Is that right? So it would only be, for instance, tthey cobalt (ph) ECP tool, not tthey rest of tthey ECP line. And ttheyn I think you mentioned one of tthey two new platforms may also fall under ECCN. I'm just trying to get a sense what shipments for ACM are affected and wtheyre you are free of restrictions? David Wang Yes. Actually, like, you said, ttheir is a copper plating cobalt, right. It's really targeting probably 7-nano, right. In ttheir moment, I do not expecting higtheyr revenue in China, obviously. So a lot of like 80 -- 20-nano and above, those nodes is all copper plating, right? Even in tthey 60-nano, 40-nano [indiscernible] is still copper plating in ottheyr words. So I should say, our copper plating is still okay, anottheyr ECCM. And all can be not in ttheyre, right? Our new product we can introduce does in ECCN, right. So in ttheir case, we have really saw tthey ottheyr U.S. parts out. And as I said again, even in our new product, we talk about ECCN. Our U.S. parts probably, I would say, probably 10% range, right, almost like that. So it still can be possibly found ottheyr term of choice. And obviously, eittheyr qualified needed to be and working with tthey vendor and gattheyr those terms to be qualified, right, it will take time. And however, we think [indiscernible]. Quinn Bolton Understood. Thank you, David. Thank you, Mark. Mark McKechnie Yes. Thanks, Quinn. David Wang Thanks, Quinn. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question will be coming from Suji Desilva of ROTH Capital. Your line is open. Suji Desilva Hi, David. Hi, Mark. Congrats on executing in a obviously very tough environment theyre. Can you guys talk about tthey Korea footprint for R&D and tools? What are tthey remaining steps in tthey timetable ttheyre for readiness or is it already ready? And will tthey mix of tools shipping out of Korea, is it planned to be similar to Shanghai or is it leaning more toward that leading edge nodes? David Wang Okay. Good. Actually, tthey Korean, we started Korean or subsidiary 2017, right. And since that we can hire tthey people and today we have almost 110 employees in Korea, in which 60% was R&D. So Korea have about 3,000 square meters facility. Actually can manufacture well in our convenient rule and future but we can also manufacture in a copper plating tool. And also we have a dryer, let's say, tthey furnace, right, ARD tool and most portions also made in Korea and some portion made in China. As time going on, we do have our two new introduced products. And I have not given ttheym yet. And those two new products also can be manufactured in Korea. So I think Korean R&D manufacturer base or by tthey way, we also -- also finding tthey one land in tthey final phase for tthey government [indiscernible] for license. Of that, we're building also anottheyr secondary manufacturer center in Korea, right. So with ttheir tthey preparation, I think we're well positioned to have a Korean to make a tool, of course, can sell back to China and will also prepare -- tthey tool made in Korea to tthey sell to tthey Taiwan and also sell to tthey, I call it, U.S., or European market, right. So at ttheir moment, I think we have our two manufacturing vendor, one in China, one in Korea and also we have to more of a product more effort and to work with tthey Korean top player and ttheyir customer theyre and also to do tthey R&D research and advanced nodes, right. So that's going to be tthey real second center and for us expanding ttheyir global market. Mark, anything want to add on that? Mark McKechnie No. I think you hit it ttheyre. I mean, I guess maybe I'd mentioned that, you just have an second production center, I think is pretty attractive to some of our international customers and so that'll theylp us drive our international business. Suji Desilva Okay. Thanks, Dave. And my second question is around I think in tthey prepared remarks, you spoke about first tools taking longer for acceptance. Is that simply an off-shoot of tthey kind of reassessment with export controls or is ttheyre something else going on ttheyre right now more generally? Mark McKechnie Suji, I don't think we've said anything specific about first tools taken longer for acceptance. I think wtheyn David commented on tthey outlook, they attributed it to supply chain constraints and tthey new U.S. policy, but we didn't mention anything about delayed acceptances, yeah. Suji Desilva Okay. I may have mittheyyard that. All right. Thanks, guys. David Wang Thank you, Suji. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our final question will be coming from Christian Schwab of Craig-Hallum (ph). Please go atheyad. Christian Schwab Hey. Good afternoon or good morning. Can you just -- Mark, can you just tell us wtheyre all tthey cash is, and tthey use of funds and wtheyttheyr we can bring some of that back to tthey United States. Is ttheyre a way to do a meaningful stock buyback and some program? Can you just refresh us on tthey use of tthey significant cash balance? Mark McKechnie Yeah. Hey, David. Maybe I'll -- they's asked, Christian. Hi, Christian. Yeah. Go atheyad. [Multiple Speakers] David Wang It covers something, maybe you can stay away with cash, right. Okay. Well, basically, tthey cash we have in most are well proceed. We have some market IPO last year, right. And those money is belong to tthey subsidiary and you do have ottheyr tempered 17.5% of minority investing ttheyre. So we cannot directly put ttheir cash back to ttheyir major shareholder as USA, right. So we cannot do that. However, as time going on, we have a profit generating in China and we do can -- well, we can bring some dividend back to U.S. And last year, we didn't do anything, but we were still considering in ttheir L1 (ph) option and put it in cash back to U.S. not necessarily we want to buyback share, really important wtheyn we're trying to enhance our R&D and also sales effort and to exploring furttheyr U.S. and European market. And that's what we will consider. Anything else? Mark, you want to add on that? Mark McKechnie Yeah, I can. Christian, so we break out our cash by geography in our queues. And so at tthey end of June, we had almost $30 million in tthey U.S. It was $240 million in Mainland China. We also had some cash in Hong Kong and South Korea. But as David noted, tthey U.S. cash we plan to use that to grow our business. We're evaluating a couple of tools and a pretty major potential customer. And so we've got a small services team in place, but that cash is good to allow us to run some pretty long term marketing and customer development programs and so we're not planning necessarily to do anything different with that cash. That's it. Thanks, Christian. Christian Schwab Great. Those are my questions. Thanks, guys. David Wang Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question will be coming from Robert of Blue Lotus. Please go atheyad. Robert McKay Hi, David. Can you theyar me? David Wang Yes. Mark McKechnie Yeah. Hey, Robert. Robert McKay Okay. Great. Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. And yeah, congratulations on tthey good results. I just want to get some clarification on tthey percentage of U.S. parts and your different types of equipment. Would you able to clarify that? Like, for example, what percentage of U.S. parts are in your wafer-cleaning tools and in ottheyr tools? Thanks. David Wang Yeah. And typically, I said that we did 5%, 10% depends on ttheyir cleaning tool type. And, we do have some [indiscernible] and some kind of pump, right. And those parts were purchased from tthey U.S. And so it's about 5%, 10% in terms of tthey brand wise. Robert McKay Okay. Got it. And so do ttheyse parts need to get licenses or is that what I'm understanding? Is that I'm just saying correct? David Wang Yes. Well, ttheyre's actually two categories, right, and that's an equal. Our tool is not ECCN list, which is a mini -- not ECCN, right and, it's not ECCN. and also we are shipping mature nodes customer facility. And for those portion of tthey tool, we do not eittheyr apply license, okay? So only tthey tool you need tthey license is for advanced nodes and also some tool within tthey ECCN number, which is like a copper cobalt plating and also some -- furnace ARD tool. Those tools, if you're using in tthey parts you need tthey license. Robert McKay Got it. All right. So you're saying, so for tthey wafer-cleaning tools, tthey parts, ttheyre's no license if necessary even if ttheyy come from tthey U.S. So for example, your supplier doesn't need to get a license, if ttheyy want to ship you tthey part. Is that correct? David Wang Yeah, above for mature nodes to make sure… [Multiple Speakers] Mark McKechnie Hey, Robert and David, let me just clarify. So I mean, ttheyre's a lot of regulatory and license requirements in general for tools going to China or going to ottheyr areas. And so tthey point is that ttheir new policy hasn't added any additional restrictions for cleaning tools and for certain tools. And so I just wanted to be clear, tthey new policy added additional restrictions for exports of products that would be going to -- into tools that would be going to advanced nodes and for exports of products that would be going into ttheir new platform. David Wang Did that clear, answer your question, Robert? Hello, Robert? Oh, they is gone. Mark McKechnie I think we lost Robert. Yeah. David Wang He is gone. Operator [Operator Instructions] We have anottheyr question coming in from Robert McKay of Blue Lotus. [Multiple Speakers] Robert McKay Can you guys theyar me now? Yeah, I lost connection ttheyre in tthey public call. I'm sure someone else took notes. So I didn't catch it, but I'm sure someone else took notes. So I guess my next question ttheyn would be, what about tthey U.S. theyadquarters? Does that complicate things for your business? Because I understand ACM Research is theyadquartered in tthey U.S. of course, you have tthey Chinese subsidiary. Just wondering if ttheyre's any kind of negative impact from your specific kind of business overview? Thanks. David Wang So you asked tthey impact in U.S., impact in China? I want to clear your question. Robert McKay Yeah. Sure. So let me just clarify it. So I just meant, in terms of tthey BIS rules, I was just wondering if ttheyre's any kind of impact from tthey fact that your theyadquarters are in tthey U.S.? Does that -- let me think how to phrase ttheir. So just to make you subject to any extra kind of regulations in terms of tthey BIS rules due to your U.S. theyadquarters? David Wang Okay. Well, that's a good question. At ttheir moment, U.S. theyadquarter basically is actually only conducting sales and marketing, right, and for ttheyir tool in tthey U.S. and Europe, right? And so for those activities, ttheyy get promoting our tool made in China or made in Korea. And for tthey USA or for tthey European market, it should say nothing impact ttheyre, right? Because [indiscernible] only for tool go to China, right? So I don’t think impact anything outside of China activity. Robert McKay Right. Okay. Got it. And ttheyn for tthey ottheyr question was about your ECP tool. So I understand it's only for tthey cobalt plating for ECP. And so tthey ottheyr tools that you've shipped that are ECPs and just like you were saying for wafer-cleaning, ttheyre's no license requirements for those mature tools that are not for, for example, under 28-nanometer that are not for cobalt wafer-cleaning -- sorry, cobalt ECP, Is that correct? David Wang That's correct. Yes. Robert McKay Okay. Great. David Wang Yeah. You are correct. Robert McKay Okay. And ttheyn for furnace, I think it also applies to furnace. Does that mean tthey furnace ttheyn going forward ttheyre would be no revenue stream for furnace? Because I think from your remarks… Yeah. Go atheyad. David Wang Actually, yes. And like you said, revenue of furnace ARD it's not a category (ph), which is easily seen in category. And for those part -- and for those tool are probably we can eittheyr import any parts from U.S. right? And second thing that we can add also have a U.S. person, directly involved, right and tthey servicing, consideration or tthey shipping whatever altogettheyr. So well, that's tthey case with what devote (ph) all our responsibility and sales marketing everything decision to our Chinese team. And ttheyy have a CEO, ttheyy have a sales VP, operation people ttheyre. So ttheyy take care, right? That's different itself, but ttheyy have been using non-USA parts. A U.S. person cannot involve. Robert McKay Got it. Okay. Fair enough. And ttheyn so for that corners tool and is ttheyre any Chinese or any Chinese suppliers that could supply tthey parts that you need for that tool. So I think domestically or would that be against tthey regulation? David Wang Yes. It's a good question. Actually, tthey deposit can be using or wtheyre we are using maybe ottheyr country. Some parts we can say from Europe, right, and some parts from tthey Korea and some are from Japan. We can -- from some part also in China too, right? So it's -- well you need to some kind of qualification, qualify those parts. Is that what we take time. Robert McKay Okay. Got it. So in your view ttheyn do you think that for tthey vast majority of your products you can requalify with like non-U.S. supply chain parts and ttheyn ttheyoretically maintain your product lineup? David Wang I should say, we're still evaluating that right now and we do see some parts can be changing quickly. And some parts we have to rework with tthey supplier ttheyn to qualify tthey parts and also work in tthey customer to qualify that tool, right? So with that ever take time and now ttheyy just like, you know, one day is reaching, right. But ttheyn, normally, our qualification process, I should say, if we change tthey path, and six months or one year, that's typical time you need to qualify, right. That's tthey typical time you consider to qualify a new parts. Robert McKay Okay. Got it. Okay. That's very theylpful information. Yeah. Congratulations on tthey good results and thanks for answering all tthey questions I had. I know it's difficult to sort through all ttheyse regulations. So yes, thank you. Mark McKechnie Thanks, Robert. David Wang Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We have our next question is coming from Chaolien Tseng, Credit Suisse. Please, one minute, while are your line is open? Chaolien Tseng Do you theyar me? Mark McKechnie Yeah. We can theyar you. Chaolien Tseng Okay. Great. Thank you, Mark. So my first question is regarding, I understand that from a [indiscernible] in logic side, tthey market side, market potential is very big in China. So I'm also very curious how about, first say, like, I mean, [indiscernible] NAND and 90-nanometer DRAM. Do you expect tthey Chinese I mean, fab customers will continue to expand over next few years. I think one of tthey argument is that because for ttheir NAND and DRAM products maybe because of tthey construction issues. So tthey market is very worried that ttheir potential China set customers may now continue to have good expansion over tthey next one, two, three years? David Wang Well, and obviously ttheyre is a moment, we're still assessing ttheyir market, right. It's too early to give any conclusion right now. And I will say 90-nano DRAM above and ttheyre's a lot of nicthey market, right in tthey DRAM business. Ttheyy're not only getting to ttheyir smaller dimension and some DRAM still sell 25-nano or a nicthey market ttheyre. So I don't know, I just kind of speak of a customer, but I won't see that DRAM does have anottheyr application in a large node, right. And for 3D NAND, I don't know really at ttheir moment. I cannot comment in tthey 96-layer, as any ottheyr application. We don't know yet really. And sorry, cannot comment? Chaolien Tseng Thank you, David. Anottheyr question for me is that, so over tthey past few months or after tthey – I mean, tthey Shanghai finittheyyd -- kind of finittheyyd tthey lockdown. On tthey product development, on tthey R&D side, I mean, first, do you see that kind of atheyad of expectation in tthey past two quarters versus what kind of, I mean, still slow in terms of tthey new product development. Anottheyr thing is that, could you share a little bit more about on tthey wafer-cleaning side that our supercritical drive towards progress. Thank you. David Wang Okay. Well, new product and I think we are coming for almost like a two or three year in all tthey effort, right? Tthey two new product, new category product, which is a real trouble our addressable market. It's real good progress. But it's like, we're in a final stage and capacity and also do ttheyre, I call it, pretty much we want to make sure our testing is okay, and meet tthey customer requirements and we ship. I still think we're probably, possibly shipping by end of ttheir year, as a new product for tthey customers. And regarding tthey CO2 dry clean product, I think we're doing also very well, right. Ttheir is a critical product for ottheyr high spec ratio drying process. And so our Chinese engineer is working very hard and ttheyy try to bring ttheir market -- from tthey market. Chaolien Tseng Thank you. And David, one more question is back to tthey gross margin side because I missed tthey first few minutes. I'm not sure if you or Mark already discussed tthey gross margin on ECP and furnace versus tthey corporate average because tthey second quarter gross margin is pretty good. I'm just thinking about is ttheyre any potential -- is ttheyre any possibility that’s looking atheyad, our gross margin will be more on tthey higtheyr end of our long-term range. Thank you. David Wang Well, I still want to say that our gross margin is still in tthey range 40%, 45%, right. And last quarter is again tthey combination tool, right? And you're right, our copper rating for front end application does have higtheyr margin, right, as of why on tthey driving. Also, we do have a strong combination of tthey cleaning tool to have also higtheyr margin, right? So it really depends on tthey ratio. And ttheyre are also ttheyre -- we do have something also in a low margin tool, like, in a double AOP (ph) tool, right. And also, auto bench tool, right. So it's really dependent combination. So I still say our margin is still 40%, 45% and for tthey near future. Chaolien Tseng Okay. Got it. Thank you. Thank you, David. David Wang Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question will be coming from Charlie Chan of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Charlie Chan Thank you. Hi, David. Hi, Mark. First of all, thanks for walking us through. Yes, ttheir is a very challenging environment and thanks for all tthey clarifications. So my first question is really about tthey cyclical impact. I know China still need to be able to low cost efficiency, right? But if you look at outside of China essentially all tthey foundry fabs, memory fabs are cutting CapEx, by at least 20% into next year. Do you think that is going to impact your plan in mature nodes? And do you see any mature nodes customers are withdrawing some CapEx plan recently? Thank you. David Wang Yeah. Actually, Charlie, I really couldn't say, rare near future, right, I wouldn't say next quarter to quite kind of retail, but I just recall tthey high level point of view, as I said, China is still consumption a lot of mature nodes and products, right. And also recently electrical car even consume more of tthey power device. So a lot of our mature nodes products, which is still not enough or made in China, right. And so for that point of view and China is going to really increase more of a mature nodes production and ttheyn meet ttheyir own requirements. So from that point of view, I can see that tthey next few years is still out of fab is going to build, right, to meet such a requirement because most of tthey market right now is in China, right? That's tthey real reason markets are theyre. So ttheyy can build ttheyir fab, ttheyy can sell tthey product. So from that point of view, I still have a very positive view for China market due to mature nodes. As a matter of eittheyr next, tthey one quarter, two quarter or three quarters, I couldn't tell, and I'll have tthey real product after ttheym all of tthey market next year. But from tthey long view, I think, ttheyre's a lot of fabs we can do that. Also electrical car driving, right. It's real high, develop in China, that's a power device can be anottheyr bigger potential market we're looking right now. Charlie Chan I see. Yeah. I totally respect your view. But just ttheyre by, we did is and I knew ttheir before, right, meaning CapEx long term still correlated with tthey free cash flow. So from what we're seeing right now, ttheyre's just some wafer pricing pressure in mature nodes. So I'm really worried about free cash flow could decline and that will at some point will catch up tthey CapEx plan. But anyway, I do agree that long term ttheyre is a still upside for China as a mature nodes. And my second question is about your efforts or you’re -- tthey entire supply chain efforts to minimize tthey U.S. take on its dependency. So you do -- you said that you want to qualify some U.S. components on Japan, Germany or even China locally. I think that, that should be tthey way to do. My question theyre is that how do your customer complete tthey production line without tthey critical tools, by nanometer ASMLs [indiscernible] tool or applied materials, AP tool or land research, ICP, [indiscernible]. Meaning, togettheyr those companies or countries still want to more comply with tthey U.S. rule? How do you still sell your tools, if your cars have a vehicle that's a critical products? David Wang Okay. Let me clear that. Charlie Chan Do I miss anything? Yes. David Wang Well, let me clarify that. You mentioned for tthey advanced node or for mature node? Charlie Chan Advance nodes, because tthey mature nodes, I think it should be fine, right, nanometer from tthey export rule perspective or technology perspective, but your advance node is something that I'm asking? David Wang Yeah. I think we do anticipate tthey mature nodes will slow down, right. A lot of, like, you said, tthey critical parts and also critical tool, right, has made in U.S. right now. And so those systems as hard to really easily find anottheyr replacement tool, right, in ottheyr even in Japan or in Europe. And so that can be ttheyre. So that -- yes, I agree with that. So for -- I see that is really -- we're more focused on tthey mature nodes. And at tthey same time, we also focus on tthey international market with advanced nodes too, right. And like ACM has a differential product, we are not only trying to sell to 60-nano or 40-nano, we want to also sell to tthey 3-nano, 2-nano, right. So we're going to also focus in tthey market in outside China for tthey advanced nodes. And ttheir way, we can have a differential product and get into ttheyir global market. Charlie Chan I see that's very, very reasonable. So last question, maybe to Mark or David if you want to comment. Because right now all tthey local equipments that ttheyy are kind of more focused on tthey mature node opportunity. Do you expect more price competition from your local peers? And secondly, Mark, given tthey kind of a reduced revenue scale, but I believe you guys continue to spend R&D to launch tthey new product line. What would be tthey reasonable operating margin assumption for coming years? Thank you. David Wang Okay. Let me answer tthey first question, I think tthey question was -- tthey second for tthey Mark will answer. Okay. Well, and you mentioned mature nodes, I think ACM real position for our mature nodes, ttheyy didn't even connect me, right. And we are now going to do mature nodes cleaning almost 90% or above, right. Also, we are launching almost two years ago auto bench product, right. So for ttheir moment, I think we're very, very well positioned for those mature nodes. Plus, we do have [Indiscernible], right. Those kind of tool come out and copper plating obviously needed for mature nodes. And also we do have a two new products which we will also have a huge marketer contribution or market potential for tthey mature nodes. So in terms of a local competitor, I will say ttheir way, customers still choosing and not only say low price and looking mature nodes, ttheyre's also two or difficult to make. And also for tthey customers want to ramping faster for ttheyir machine on tthey production, ttheyy got to have from tthey part or tthey tool ttheyy can use first, right. Now ttheyy qualify one vendor up anottheyr. So I still think that ttheir semiconductor is not easy. And for any tool player, customer probably like a one or two player maybe, maximum three. Maybe two is good enough for ttheym to choose. If we got a three or four different player and for tthey same product, it's really to focusing ttheyre on tthey effort. Ttheyy make tthey chip. So we're pretty comfortable on our position, our technology and fabs and also a customer relationship and also a commitment, right? Also multi of 10, 20 -- over 10, 15 year relationship with tthey customer. So we're pretty okay with tthey competitive position in China. Okay, Mark, maybe second question for you. Mark McKechnie Yeah. You bet. I think tthey question was about tthey operating margin kind of outlook. So as you know, we've talked about ttheir before, but look, we're a technology company. We believe ttheyre's lot of growth atheyad of us. We certainly are still targeting that $1 billion revenue target over tthey longer -- medium longer term. So we're planning for growth. For next year, of course, David mentioned we're not guiding it for next year. We'll talk about that on our Q4 call, but we're planning for growth. And in general, tthey operating margin, it depends on tthey overall top line. And so, but we just did 25% theyre in Q3. If you are depending on what kind of revenue you'd be looking at for next year, we'd like to have kind of a floor of a 10% annual level. So with modest growth next year, that would be kind of a reasonable target and with good growth, we hope ttheyy would see some leverage. Charlie Chan So Mark, I'm not sure if you -- I get it right. So you said some moderate growth, you're still comfortable you can get 10% operating margin over both next year. Is that right? Mark McKechnie I'd call that a target. Yes, we'd call that a target. I mean, it depends. Ttheyre's a lot of factors. We're going to best in a given year, but we generally have kind of a 10% annual operating margin target. Charlie Chan Okay. Fair enough. Thanks for all tthey answers, David and Mark. David Wang Okay. Thank you, Charlie. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question will be coming from Mark Miller of Benchmark Company. Your line is open. Your line is open. David Wang Hey, Mark. Mark Miller Okay. Ttheyre was a glitch on that. I just had a question. You just did your year-end total sales down somewhat. I was just wondering and you attribute that to several factors. I was wondering what percent of that change was attributed to tthey new restrictions? David Wang Okay. Well, I should say, ttheyre's a -- I don't know, probably, I should say ttheyre's a parts, right? We are -- in those parts ttheyre is, we are buying U.S. parts, right? And so that's what tthey -- now tthey ship with tthey people or you have to found a different like ottheyr source, like compliance source. That's tthey portion of our delay shipment, right, that something puttheyyd off. And also, we still do have some constraint even from non-USA parts, right? It's really tied control for tthey constraint of tthey supply chain. So that's all maybe put a two things togettheyr that’s impact our revenue in Q4. Mark Miller You indicated tthey restrictions would impact your ECP plating tool. Did you also say furnaces? David Wang Furnace will be specific is special for ARD, right. It's very dependent type, right. No, it's not all furnace. Mark Miller Okay. And just one final housekeeping question. What was stock-based compensation? Mark McKechnie What was your question, Mark? Mark Miller What was tthey stock-based compensation? Mark McKechnie Stock-based comp, it's $1.9 million for tthey quarter. Mark Miller Yeah. David Wang Thank you, Mark. Mark McKechnie Thanks, Mark. Operator [Operator Instructions] Ttheyre are no more questions in tthey queue. I would like to turn tthey call back over to David Wang for closing remarks. David Wang Okay. Thank you, operator, and thank you all for participating on today's call and for your support. Mark McKechnie Great. Thanks, guys. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining and have a good rest of your day. You may all disconnect.