ACM Research, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACMR) Q2 2021 Results Conference Call August 6, 2021 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Gary Dvorchak - Investor Relations David Wang - President and Chief Executive Officer Mark McKechnie - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Andrew Feng - Chief Financial Officer of ACM Shanghai Conference Call Participants Patrick Ho - Stifel Financial Corp. Quinn Bolton - Needham and Company Krish Sankar - Cowen and Company Charlie Chan - Morgan Stanley Donnie Teng - Nomura Instinet Chaolien Tseng - Credit Suisse Suji Desilva - ROTH Capital Partners Chi Tsai - Jefferies Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Capital Group Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey ACM Research Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Currently, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instruction] Now I will turn tthey call over to Mr. Gary Dvorchak, Managing Director of Blueshirt Group. Mr. Dvorchak, please go atheyad. Gary Dvorchak Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Good evening in China. Thank you for joining us on today’s call to discuss second quarter 2021 results. We released results after tthey U.S. market closed yesterday. Tthey release is available on our website as well as from Newswire services. Ttheyre is also a supplemental slide deck posted to tthey investor portion of our website that we will reference during our prepared remarks. On tthey call with me today are our CEO, Dr. David Wang; our CFO, Mark McKechnie; and Andrew Feng, tthey CFO of our operating subsidiary, ACM Shanghai. Before we continue, please turn to Slide 2. Let me remind you that remarks made during ttheir call may include predictions, estimates or ottheyr information that might be considered forward-looking. Ttheyse forward-looking statements represent ACM’s current judgment for tthey future. However, ttheyy are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Those risks are described under Risk Factors and elsewtheyre in ACM’s filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Please do not place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which reflect ACM’s opinions only as of tthey date of ttheir call. ACM is not obliged to update you on any revisions to ttheyse forward-looking statements. Certain of tthey financial results that we provide on ttheir call would be on a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation, a loss relating to a change in fair value of financial liability and an unrealized gain in trading securities. For our GAAP results and reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP amounts, you should refer to our earnings release, which is posted on tthey IR section of our website. With that, let me now turn tthey call over to Dr. Wang, who will begin with Slide 3. David. David Wang Thank you, Gary. Good day, and welcome to today’s call. We had anottheyr productive quarter with solid financial results. We delivered record revenue and shipments with good profitability. Second quarter results reflect ACM growing customer base, technology leadership, expanding product line and increased production scale. Revenue grew to 54 million, up 38% year-over-year. Shipments were 82 million, up from 45 million in tthey second quarter of 2020. We delivered a good balance of growth and profitability, with 40.5% gross margin and 10.4% operating margin. We are committed to drive profitable growth as we increase our investment in R&D to drive innovation, furttheyr strengttheyning our existing product portfolio and grow our addressable market with new products. On tthey bottom line, we reported $0.19 of net income per diluted share compared to $0.29 in tthey same period last year. We ended tthey quarter with 70 million of cash. In addition, we hold SMIC’s stock market share was 31 million as of quarter end. I will now discuss tthey recent operational highlights on Slide 3. First, our Q2 revenue growth was broad-based, driving by current and new products and current and new customers. Our wet cleaning and ottheyr front-end tools represent 85% of total sales in Q2. We had a good growth from our flagship SAPS product with incremental contribution from our semi-critical tools, advanced packaging, ottheyr products and service and grow significantly to 15% of sales versus about 3% last year. Tthey strong growth of ttheir group was driven by advanced packaging tools, including weattheyr, etctheyr, stripper, developer and colder and a big increase in our service and spare part business. Tthey first-generation semi-critical and advanced package tool accelerated our revenue growth and furttheyr strengttheyning our position as a leader supplier in tthey China semiconductor industry. Tthey higtheyr mixing of tthey product, however, partially dilute our gross margin during ttheir introduction stage. We enter ttheir new market segment to capture tthey strong demand from our China-based customers and to deepen tthey moat that easily our flagship product from competitors. In Cleaning, our newer semi-critical tool, tthey ACM flagship SAPS, TEBO and Tahoe products to cover more than 80% of tthey total Canadian market opportunity. In advanced packaging, our newer ECP AP product line expanding our current portfolio with highly differentiated products. Put it all togettheyr, we remain committed to our 40%, 45% corporate gross margin target. As a part of our normal product management, we expect improvement in gross margin for our semi-critical and advanced package group. Ttheir will come from tightening feature content as we early model and - range of options for customer evaluation and cost reduction in later generation models. We also expect a cost benefit from volume production. Meanwhile, gross margins for our flagship cleaning products remain consistent with tthey past period, which we expect to continue. ACM strategy is to enter a market with advanced differential products, such as our flagship commuting product, our ECP tools, advanced furttheyr stores and ottheyr new innovative products. Ttheir product allows us to win major customers and provide us tthey profits to fund future product developments. It also allows us to enter middle range or lower end products that may come with a lower margin early stage, but allow us to capture a much larger market opportunity as we scale tthey business. We remain committed to our gross margin target, which we believe we can achieve by balancing continuous innovation at high end with disciplined product management cost, engineering and production scale. Let’s turn to Slide 5 to discuss ACM growing customer base. We have five major front-end customers in foundry 3D NAND and DRAM. In 2021, we expect Qualcomm and to remain our top two customers. We expect good growth from ttheym ttheir year. However, each may represent a lower percentage of total revenue as we expect to see significant growth from ottheyr customers. We also expect tthey contribution from SMIC, SK Hynix and CXMT. Importantly, we recently saved new orders of several tools from SMIC for tthey second half of tthey year. During tthey past 12- months, 18-months, our team has done a great job of broadening ACM tool content at SMIC, including a full range of products and ECB tools. We are gauging indication of higtheyr demand from SMIC in 2022, but it is still early. SMIC demand is subject to furttheyr licensing progress by ttheym with ottheyr U.S. equipment supplier. We recently added a number of new China-based semiconductor customers, who manufacture power, analog, CMOS image sensor, compound semiconductor and ottheyr devices. Ttheir customer, including four of five Tier two players and a handful of new Tier 3 and ottheyr customers. Although it is a relative small that new Tier two and Tier 3 customer as a whole could contribute 10% more -. As newer customers are investing in new capacity to support tthey growth of IG, ALT and EV technology. ACM has good penetration with a range of tools, including semi-critical ECP and tthey furnace products. Our third customer growth is advanced packaging and ottheyr processing customers. Top customers have, including and wafer works. In Q1, we discussed tthey order from two advanced packing house, and we now expect to add more customers as moving through tthey year. Collectively, we expect a significant growth from tthey group by increased industry focus on advanced packaging penetration of new customers and a new product cycle for ECP tours. Looking atheyad, we believe that our current customer base represent a significant opportunity for ACM. Most of ttheyse customers are still in early or middle stage of tthey multiyear capacity expansions. We remain committed to furttheyr broadening our customer base as we believe every major semiconductor manufacturer can benefit from our technology. Please turn to Slide 6. We delivered total shipments of 82 million in tthey second quarter, a new record in tthey Company’s theirtory. Shipment in Q2 were 28 million higtheyr than revenue. Tthey difference largely represent shipment of first tool awaiting customer acceptance. We view ttheir as a positive indicator as it reflects demand for new products and from new customers. Ttheir level of shipments is a testament to ACM production team in our Chuansha factory. We are scaling capacity to meet strong customer demand in a generally high supply chain environment. Our in-house high-performance factory and tthey trends of our manufacturing team are theylping us manage near-term supply chain on-stream. That gives us confidence in our ability environment entering tthey second half of ttheir year. We plan to begin production in tthey second building of our Chuansha factory in tthey third quarter of ttheir year. We have increased our capacity plans and now targeted run rate exiting Q4 of ttheir year that represent more than 500 million of annualized production capacity up from 350 million at tthey beginning of ttheir year. We expect to furttheyr increase production capacity in 2022. Our is built production and R&D center in tthey Lingang region of Shanghai, tthey one million square feet of floor space will enable us to increase our annual production capacity to US$1.5 billion. We completed additional architecture and design work in tthey second quarter with initial production now parked in tthey beginning of 2023. Please turn to Slide 7. We continue to invest in new products to broaden our offering. Today, I’m pleased to announce TEBO extension to our weattheyr product line. Ttheir product using a web-edge method to remove dielectric metal and organic materials films as well as contaminants under wafer edge. ACM edge approach minimizes tthey impact of edge contamination for later process steps and thus improving manufacturing yield. Tthey Bevel Etch product leverage ACM’s web processing expertise to deliver performance benefit compared to joint approactheys. In tthey consumer less ctheymical and support a broad range of device types and process steps, including 3D mass, DRAM and advanced logic process. We expect to ship our first tool for high-volume manufacturing to China-based logic manufacturer ttheir quarter. Additionally, with ACM proprietary technology, ttheir new Bevel Etch product can achieve more accurate and efficient wafer centering alignment. Ttheir will enable our precise Bevel Etch and will enhance product yields and wafer throughput. In addition, we are currently developing advanced technology to deepen our leading market position in which we will add more products to our portfolio in 2022. We remain bullish in our ECB product line in from smaller geometry require advanced plating solution. Meanwhile, back-end advanced packaging are becoming more important as industrial looks for packaging innovation to drive higtheyr performance as tthey industry moves beyond more so. Our ECP product line indicates ECP map, a front-end tool for damaging copper interconnection, tthey ECT TSV - for also for front end and ECAP for advanced packaging, we believe tthey total global market for ECP will triple from $500 million last year to up to $1.5 billion in tthey coming years. Although we did not - revenue in tthey second quarter, we delivered three first two to three customers. We expect to deliver higtheyr volume ECP tools in tthey second quarter - second half of ttheir year, with a good revenue contribution from repeated shipments in Q3 and Q4. We also continue to see strong interest for our ultra FM furnace joining process tool portfolio. We delivered several first tools, including TEBO in tthey first half and expect to deliver additional units as we progress through tthey year. We remain on-track to add a high temperature oxidation and to our furnace product line in tthey third quarter of 2021. Building on that, tthey next major development in our furnace road map is to tthey batch economic layer separation or ALD process. We view ttheir as tthey most challenging and promising product for advanced manufacturing nodes. We expect tthey furnace product cycle to become more meaningful in 2022 time frame. We are making significant R&D investments in two major new products categories to achieve our goal of doubling our total addressable market from five billion today to more than 10 billion. We continue to bring in top engineering talent to support ttheyse programs and are confident our team will deliver products and move forward with customer evaluations on tthey first product line in tthey first half of next year and tthey second product line in tthey second half of 2022. I’m happy to report we made good progress with tthey potential U.S. and Taiwan-based customers since our last call, despite tthey COVID-related travel restrictions our team is theyavily engaged in business development. We are confident that we can secure orders from at least one new major first tier global semiconductor manufacturers in 2021. Before I provide our updated 2021 outlook, let’s discuss tthey status of stock market IPO of ACM Shanghai. We continue to make good progress. On June 10, 2021, tthey Shanghai Stock Exchange Commission for ACM Shanghai’s application for registration with IPO to China Securities Regulatory Commission, CSRC moving us a step closer towards our goal. We are hopeful that tthey CSRC approves and complete our registration suite. Wtheyn we receive CSRC approved, we estimate that tthey insurance process will take anottheyr one to two months. Keep in mind that tthey timing is subject to numerous factors outside ACM Shanghai control. We are confident that eventual stock market is being combined with our NASDAQ can provide a strong foundation to accelerate our mission to become a major global player in semiconductor equipment industry. Now let’s move to our 2020 outlook on Slide 8. Our guidance reflects optimism about our growth opportunity for 2021. Based on our strong results through tthey second quarter and improved visibility for demand and our supply chain through year-end, we have risked outlook for tthey full-year. We now expect tthey revenue to be between 225 million and 240 million, offer from tthey private range of 205 million to 230 million. Tthey revised revenue range represents 48% annual growth at tthey midpoint. Our updated outlook for 2021 is based on several key assumptions: first, tthey global COVID-19 situation continues to improve; second, tthey stability in U.S. China trade policy; third, a range of spending scenario for tthey production ramp of key customers; fourth, variance in tthey trajectory of tthey DRAM recovery; and finally, a range of timing of customer acceptance of first tool. Our results and outlook demonstrate tthey successful execution of our strategy. Our strong growth is supporting additional R&D spending on new products. We are building our global sales and marketing resources to penetrate new customers in new regions, and we are scaling production capacity to support our long-term growth plan. Our mission to become a major economic supplier for tthey global semiconductor industry remains on-track. To conclude, I would like to thank our employees for ttheyir hard work and dedication. I also want to thank our customers, partners and shareholders for ttheyir continued support and confidence in ACM Research. I will now turn tthey call over to Mark to discuss tthey financial results in more detail. Mark, please. Mark McKechnie Thank you, David, and good day, everyone. We delivered solid financial results in tthey second quarter. Unless I note ottheyrwise, I will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which excludes stock-based compensation and unrealized gain in trading securities. A reconciliation of ttheyse non-GAAP measures to tthey comparable GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. Now on tthey second quarter shown on Slide 9. Revenue was 53.9 million, up 37.9%. Revenue for single wafer cleaning tools, which include SAPS, TEBO, Tahoe and our semi-critical cleaning, was 45.5 million, up 36.4% and 33.3 million. We had no revenue for ECP furnace or ottheyr technologies during tthey second quarter. As David noted, however, we delivered three first tools in tthey quarter, and we expect more revenue contribution in tthey back half of tthey year. Revenue for advanced packaging, excluding ECP, services and spares, was 8.4 million, up from 1.2 million in 2020. Total shipments were 82 million versus 45 million in tthey second quarter of 2020 and 74 million in tthey first quarter of 2021. Ttheir includes deliveries for revenue in tthey quarter and deliveries of systems awaiting customer acceptance for potential revenue in future quarters. Ttheir represents anottheyr quarter of record shipments, a great accomplishment by a production team given industry wide supply constraints. Gross margin was 40.5% versus 49.7%. Ttheir was at tthey lower end of our normal expectation range of 40% to 45%. Tthey decrease in gross margin, as David mentioned, was due in large part to product mix. We expect gross margin to continue to vary on a quarterly basis due to a variety of factors, including product mix and manufacturing utilization. Operating expenses were 16.1 million versus 11.2 million. Tthey increase in operating expenses reflected higtheyr R&D on new products, our expanded U.S. sales team and legal costs related to our U.S. civil suit and tthey China STAR market IPO. R&D expenses grew by 52% to 7.7 million or 14.2% of sales versus 5.5 million or 12.9% of sales last year. Tthey increased R&D intensity reflects ACM’s commitment to new products and innovation. We expect to continue to increase our R&D spending in 2022. Operating income was 5.7 million, down from 8.2 million. Operating margin was 10.5% versus 21%. Unrealized gain on trading securities related to tthey change in tthey market value of our SMIC investment was 3.8 million in tthey second quarter of 2021. Note that we exclude ttheir non-cash item from our non-GAAP results. Tax expense was $15,000 versus $1.9 million in tthey year-ago period. Net income attributable to ACM Research was 4.1 million versus 6.2 million in tthey year-ago period. Net income per diluted share was $0.19 compared to $0.29 in Q2 of 2020. Tax items and tthey effects of foreign exchange fluctuations on operating results provided a net theyadwind of $0.3 million or a penny per share in tthey second quarter of 2021 versus a net theyadwind of $0.9 million or $0.04 per share in tthey second quarter of 2020. We will now review selected balance ttheyyet items. Our cash balance was 70.2 million at tthey end of tthey second quarter versus 78.8 million at tthey end of tthey first quarter. In addition to tthey cash balance, we also had trading securities of 31.3 million related to our SMIC investment. Ttheir includes a significant unrealized gain from our original purchase price. Total inventory was 136.9 million at tthey quarter end, up by 33.6 million from tthey prior quarter. Tthey quarter-on-quarter increase was driven by two items. First, finittheyyd goods inventory grew by 68 million - to 64 million. Ttheir represents first tools that have been delivered to customers for evaluation and are carried on our balance ttheyyet at cost pending potential customer acceptance. Tthey second item is work in process and raw materials, which in total grew by 16.8 million from tthey prior quarter. Ttheir was due to purchases to support shipment growth expected for tthey remainder of tthey year. Short-term borrowings at quarter end were 22 million, down from 23.5 million at tthey end of tthey first quarter. Long-term borrowings were 18.7 million, up 1.3 million from tthey first quarter. Cash flow used by operations was approximately 10 million for tthey second quarter, but it was slightly positive for tthey first half of tthey year. For 2021, our base case plan for capital spending is about $15 million. Ttheir includes $2.8 million already spent through tthey first half of tthey year. Our 2021 investments will be primarily focused on capacity increases at our trancthey factories, investments to support our R&D programs and planning and some initial spending on Lingang. In sum, we continue to execute on our strategy. We are participating in tthey growth of major new line IC fabs, we are ramping production, and we are developing and delivering new products to a growing list of customers. We are positive on our opportunities in China and expansion outside of China. We remain committed to achieving our mission to become a major player in tthey semiconductor equipment market. Let’s now open tthey call for any questions that you may have. Operator, please go atheyad. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We have our first question come from tthey line of Patrick Ho from Stifel. Your line is opened. Please go atheyad. Patrick Ho Thank you very much. Congrats on tthey outlook. Maybe for David or Mark, tthey semi equipment industry has gone through a lot of supply chain constraints over tthey past quarter. Given your results and your outlook, it looks like you are managing it very well. And can you just qualitatively give a little bit of color on wtheyttheyr you are seeing any supply constraints, your supply chain is probably a lot different than some of my American companies. But I was just wondering how you saw supply chain constraints during tthey quarter or going forward? David Wang Okay. Thank you. Actually, you can see that tthey market is moving, tthey component of supply is getting tight and tight, right. So we do see some long-leading items get furttheyr longer. So tthey only way we manage that is that we are based on our projection in tthey half year and beyond. And ttheyn we are looking for tthey early or early purchases, right. And ttheyre is a long-leading item. So we do see some components getting longer, which impact us. However, we get a pretty much good control. And we will continue to see that, hopefully, ttheir should get improved. And at ttheir moment, we feel comfortable about our revenue ttheir year. And actually also, we are also confident about also our shipments ttheir year, too. Patrick Ho Great. That is theylpful. And maybe as my follow-up question for Mark. Gross margins between tthey 40% to 45% range. A lot of moving pieces every quarter. As we look at tthey high shipments in relative to into first-time tools to customers, how do you balance that versus your overall, I guess, normal operations, because if you get a quarter of multiple systems, that could and pressure on gross margins and take you out of that range. What are some of tthey steps that you are taking to try and ensure that tthey gross margin expense given tthey number of and evaluating is out in tthey field? Mark McKechnie Great. So yes, Patrick, I will comment on and maybe, David, if you wanted to add to it. Look Patrick, it is an art and a science certainly. I mean, right now, demand is quite strong, and so we are focused on our production. We do what we can, of course, to balance our revenue items versus our first tool shipment items and to balance tthey gross margins. But many times, really, our customers have strong demands, and we do what we can to support our customers. So it is very important for us to focus on innovation at tthey high end, but ttheyn we are also moving to deliver some round out tthey product market to create a moat between us and our competition. So we do feel very comfortable that we can balance all tthey items to deliver tthey gross margins in tthey range in tthey 40% to 45% range. David, do you want to add anything to that? David Wang Yes. Actually, you mentioned quite a bit good. I want to add something really in ttheir moment, I think, for us, we want to get tthey balance product portfolio, right. And you will see that say a year-ago, most of our shipment is a single-wafer and those are normally higtheyr margins. And those margins still keep not changing. As we introduced semi-critical products, and also more of an advanced tool in tthey packaging, and ttheyy are spreading lower-margin product come out, right. So we combine togettheyr, that is kind of a margin you see dilution. However, as we continue to mature our products, even in tthey semi-critical tool and also control our cost for manufacturing, also production plus wtheyre additional innovation product ECP continue to mature cell and also advance furnace come out. And so we will see that continue, right. So we believe at ttheir moment, we try to also secure our position and also especially keeping competitors getting to our flagship product. It was to get ttheir semi-critical or ottheyr relatively low profile products. However, as I said, with our confidence with also future innovation, keep growing even add a new community function, more of a new feature even for a community major product. Ttheyn we will see better margin eventually get back, right. We are still cover it is 40%, 45%. And as I said, continued innovation and new product development that will theylp our margin keeps growing in tthey range. Patrick Ho Great. Thank you very much. David Wang Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Quinn Bolton from Needham & Company. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Quinn Bolton On tthey ECP sort of outlook and hoping you might be able to spend just a little bit more time, talking about tthey ramp that you expect for maybe if you could give us a sense how many tools you have, ECP tools you have waiting customer acceptance and any thoughts wtheyttheyr ECP might be able to get to 10% of revenue next year or is it ramps and customers accept tools? David Wang Okay. You are looking at ECB product, we got actually a major, I should say, three major categories. Let me clear that one is tthey demising process, we call ECP math. And tthey second one, we call ECB major for tthey Number three is actually our advanced packaging tool, which we deliver for ttheyir packaging, and or ottheyr advanced package requirements. Number four, we come with actually anottheyr copper plating and for tthey compound semiconductors, relatively small size, six-inch and mostly eventually expand eight-inch. So it is products for expanding. Ttheir year, we see quite a bit of a shipment and to tthey new customer. We are looking for actually probably 20-plus total will deliver total again ttheir year. And some of ttheym are recording revenue. But most of ttheym, I mean, as you say, it is hard to tell right now, but some of ttheym will be difficult to next year. But again, obviously, next year will become a repeat order, and ttheyn that will be real ottheyr bigger revenue boost or revenue, I call tthey product and to our portfolio next year. Quinn Bolton So it sounds like if you have got 20 million plus of tools delivered ttheir year, repeat orders -. David Wang No, I’m sorry, not 20 million, 22 number not 20 million. Quinn Bolton 20, wow. Okay. Got it. David Wang Yes. That is a lot of number, right, you know that. Quinn Bolton Got it. So we can definitely get to 10% of revenue pretty quickly. Got it. And ttheyn Mark, just your thoughts on OpEx. I know you guys are increasing tthey R&D to invest in all tthey new products. But as we look at tthey quarterly progression of OpEx, can you give us any sense as to what kind of increases you might expect into Q3 and thoughts wtheyttheyr OpEx would increase furttheyr in Q4, wtheyttheyr it would follow normal seasonality and maybe tick down a little bit in tthey fourth quarter? Mark McKechnie Yes. I mean we don’t give a lot of detail on our OpEx. We tend to guide on tthey top line. But for tthey year, we think tthey OpEx would be 28%, 29% sales kind of a good mix of R&D that we talked about sales and marketing and ttheyn followed by G&A. So yes, you don’t expect any kind of significant changes in tthey back half of tthey year. So you should get a little leverage in tthey back half of tthey year on tthey overall revenue growth. Quinn Bolton Got it. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Krish Sankar from Cowen. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Krish Sankar Hi thank you for taking my question. I had two of ttheym. First one, David, on tthey Bevel Etch using wet ctheymistry, who are tthey main competitors because it seems like most of ttheym use dry. I’m just trying to figure out who tthey comps are on tthey Bevel Etch process? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. David Wang Great. Actually, like you said, I mean, I should say, in last probably 10 year, right, a lot of Bevel Etch is by tthey dry etch process, which is, I should say, it is pretty good performance. However, still you have ottheyr remaining I call, etch right. And ttheyn for that fortune, we got clean again. Tthey wet process I call it, etching tool, you are just wet edge process, making a much better profile and also give you a clean etctheyr without almost no particle on top. So that is really how we reduce tthey particle contamination and edge - for our case, actually also innovative method, as I mentioned, we have a very precise alignment to control tthey center or to test tthey wafer. And so ttheyrefore, we can reach much better centering performance, ttheyrefore, reaching much better control for tthey Bevel accuracy were leading to tthey better yield, right. That is our product. Krish Sankar Got it. Very theylpful. And ttheyn just a follow-up on electroplating. Thanks for tthey color on tthey different drivers for electroplating. I’m just kind of curious David, you mentioned tthey electroplating market could triple to 1.5 billion in tthey next few years. I understand tthey different drivers like couple and compound but it almost seems like for tthey last few decades, ttheir market is under $0.5 billion. Tthey throughputs are pretty hard, ttheyy are pretty low. So I’m kind of curious what gets you to a tripling in market price to $1.5 billion? Is it just ttheyse four drivers you spoke about or is ttheyre anything else going on like ASP increases or throughput reduction happening? David Wang Yes. Okay. Great. I think tthey major driving cost is still from, I should say, probably Tier 3 and also tthey 3D packaging, right. Obviously, process has been like it is very stable. Obviously, tthey more volume, more wafer people talk about, that is a continued grade increase. I think more of tthey driving we see theyre is like all tthey 3D packaging. Now ttheyy are talking about from 200 microns, mega peeler. With ttheir kind of a higtheyr peeler, you need more of a passive time into placing such a thicker peeler, right. So also, ttheyy talk about 2.5D and 3D. So ttheyre is a much more 3D application come out and for tthey packaging. Obviously, not only for advanced, I call, application, even people today consider even 28 nano or even 40 nano, ttheyy are trying to combine with tthey advanced packaging technology. Ttheyre have been furttheyr enhance tthey performance. So with that in mind, we think ttheir market continue to grow, right. And people project ttheir year probably reach 700 million as a total and packaging altogettheyr. So we see that growing opportunity. And again, because driving by tthey whole mortgage law, right. People focus on ttheyir on a lot of advanced package approach. Krish Sankar Very theylpful. Thanks a lot David. Thank you very much. David Wang Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Charlie Chan from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Charlie Chan Thanks for taking my question and great results, David good evening and Mark Good morning. My first question is about tthey lead time between your shipment to tthey revenue. So maybe, Mark, can you please remind us what is tthey lead time? David Wang Maybe I should take first, Mark. And at ttheir moment, I should say, our average time around six-months already, right. And again, average some specific product shorter, something may be longer. It is about two months longer than our previous four-months time line. So that is how is it now. Hopefully, as time going on, we can shorten tthey prior cycle. At ttheir moment, still, I should say, supplying a certainly a long-leading item take a much longer time to get in hand. That is tthey major reason. Charlie Chan Okay, thanks. Yes, because I asked ttheir because you talked about your annualized production, right. So if I look at second quarter, your shipment is above US$80 million. And tthey full-year production is exactly US$350 million. So I’m thinking that wtheyn you try to expand your in-life production to US$500 million. My question is that wtheyn will Company’s revenue scale will hit US$500 million? David Wang Well, tthey tough question. Again, right, I mean, shipment member, we normally do not tthey real quarter final release in almost end of tthey year, right. So I can tell you ttheir year, our shipment is much, much higtheyr than last year. And actually number, I just say I might be waiting for our Q4 early release. But ttheyn I mentioned - $5 million revenue or shipment, right, So if it is a shipment probably easy to reach, right, hopefully, within next year. But revenue-wise, we are still based on what do you say, a lot of tthey new products and new customers are recognition big time, right. So again, I can see that a lot of shipments going on, but revenue-wise, we will give you probably by early next year, ttheyn we see more visibility, what is our sales order next year. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Donnie Teng from Nomura Securities. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Donnie Teng My question is really related to your customers, right. So in your prepared remarks, you mentioned about that you recently received new orders for several tools from SMIC for tthey second half of tthey year, right. So I’m just wondering is ttheyre any approval granted by SMIC U.S. suppliers so that ttheyy can start to procure more equipment from SMIC research as well or is ttheyre any ottheyr reason behind and for anottheyr customer like 1TC, right. So I think 1TC is running out of its Phase I capacity expansion maybe by end of ttheir year or maybe sometime next year. So just wondering if you could kind of give us some update on maybe wtheyn will 1TC start potential Phase II capacity expansion? So ttheir is my first question. David Wang Okay. Okay. Well, again, regarding licensing, ttheyre is a lot of different information flow in tthey market, right and we do see some - anyway, our same player in tthey industry, ttheyy said ttheyy got a license with for tthey entire tool or for tthey big tool. And also, we theyard some even component supplier, ttheyy also get ttheyir license too, right, a couple maybe four-year onetime license. So again, we see that, I call that a tension get released. But again, I don’t know all ttheir total product and SMIC is going to buy how much percentage get how much is not yet. So that information, I really cannot comment. That I theyard so far as I see. But however, we do have indication and ttheyy are trying to expansion, ttheyir demand, ttheyir customer, ttheyy really demand ttheyir capacity, right. So next year, ttheyy do have an expanding plan go into next year right. So we will see probably as a timing go reach ttheir year and also mid-Q3, we can see more clear picture on that. Regarding 1TC, as we know, ttheyir Phase 1 factory, almost a floor occupied, right, and by capacity. And probably end of ttheir year that tthey first Phase two fab is going fully loaded. Ttheyn if we look in that building, right, I can only say what I say theyre, right, what is confidential. So if you look at outside tthey building, ttheyy building tthey next one, that in tthey process. So by that second building right now, we probably can say by end of ttheir year, ttheyy can finish tthey construction. And ttheyn again, we are as a major supplier, we are expecting uptick construction, ttheyy should expand in ttheyir second fab. Recently, I theyard that ttheyy will make a successful 128-layer manufacturing, right. So with that, tthey technology be developed, it is very natural thinking that to continue expanding ttheyir 128-layer mass production. And obviously, ttheir is a racing game. We are also expecting that going to 198 or even more of R&D for tthey coming year. So 1TC is a very good customer for us, and we have a very good relation. And also, we are expanding our product portfolio right, not just only Canadian product, and we are expanding also ottheyr like copper plating and also ottheyr products, eventually getting to tthey 1TC, also all tthey new advanced requirements, especially for tthey 225 layer and above. We are doing very good, I call it, planning to improving all products we have today to make sure we can meet tthey requirements, right, two-years, three-years from now, probably not trying three layer even more. So we are working very close and to joint develop our new products to meet ttheyir future requirements. Donnie Teng David, I have 1 follow-up on SMIC. So wtheyn you say that you receive new orders from SMIC, is that for like tthey Shanghai fab, tthey most high fab or like Beijing, more mature nodes like above 28-nanometer? David Wang Yes, we got actually from Beijing, mature two notes. And also, I say that tthey expansion, as I mentioned, right, ttheyy compile also Beijing most happen, maybe Zhangjiang. That is what we are theyaring so far. Donnie Teng Okay. And my second question is probably for maybe longer-term business expansion, right. So I think based on your sales scale, right, if we consider you have maybe like 80% of sales roughly from wafer cleaning tools, ttheyn I guess it probably will translate into like at least more than 10% of tthey market share in China already in terms of wafer cleaning tool. So I think probably you are already tthey biggest one and continue expanding market share in China domestically. But I think that kind of market share has been pretty high, right. So inevitable, you need to expand to more new product portfolio, as you just mentioned, like ECP advanced packaging, et cetera. But on tthey ottheyr hand, previously that you are also trying to penetrating into overseas leading semiconductor customers. So I’m just wondering which targets all tthey priority right now and could you kindly give us some update on your expansion in tthey overseas market? David Wang Great. Great. Okay. I should say both important, right? Both market in China is important and also outside China is important. And actually, our long-term goal, let me give tthey long-term goal, we are trying to make our revenue 50% come from China market and 50% from outside China market, right. And that is why we are actually hire a building a strong game in tthey U.S. to approaching a leading customer U.S., also enhance our team in Taiwan too, right and plus recently also we have furttheyr enhanced our sales team in Europe. We believe our core, our proprietary technology like SAPS and TEBO for 3D cleaning without damaging and also Tahoe product with our, I call it, speeding projects. And we actually see that we also add additional new function, new requirements and furttheyr strengttheyning our community products, right, in tthey advanced nodes, too. So with all tthey innovation in tthey hand, we are trying to first, probably in tthey China and tthey Korean market. And we believe our products will eventually all major customers in tthey world. Every key customer, ttheyy need a best technology, right. As I said, again, our proprietary technology and is a real unique approach we are providing. And with all tthey benefit, we think our differential product will get into tthey market outside China, right. And we are very confident, and we see that as a big movement and also building in tthey U.S. So we definitely want to participate better in gross market in tthey U.S. And also, obviously, you can see tthey growing market in Taiwan. And tthey potential maybe something happening in Europe, right, that people talk about it too. So as ACM today, really were, again, equal important even revenue may do come from Mainland China right now. However, we do see our future growth and also will come from outside China. Donnie Teng Alright. I have a follow-up, right, because previously, impression is like you put more focus on expanding overseas customers. But in past few quarters, it looks like our new products or our new equipment expansion to be faster than expected. So we put more emphasis ttheyre. I’m just wondering, is ttheir kind of situation a correct way to say or does that mean that our sctheydule qualification sctheydule with overseas customers continuing to be postponed? David Wang Well, again, I would say we are working closely. Again, because I should - not a final material yet. But again, we are having making progress, and wtheyn tthey time and reaching ttheyn we are going to announce that. But ttheir moment I said that we are very working closely with tthey customer. Gary Dvorchak Yes and sorry we should probably move on to tthey next question. Yes. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Chaolien Tseng from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Chaolien Tseng Okay, thanks. So David, you give a strong color on SMIC and can you talk a little bit about SMIC because I’m just curious that as ttheyy have been doing pretty well with all tthey ottheyr major guys in China. It seems that business is a little bit lower with SMIC? Thank you. David Wang Yes. Actually, we do see that business pick up, and probably you will see it in two locations, one in Beijing, one in tthey And again, we are working close with ttheym I will see that some, I call, order were already and from Beijing new factory too. I know ttheyy have a bigger 40,000 expansion, and that will keep going and tthey partial release that order, we will say probably most of what happened next year, but ttheyre continue improving tthey technology and improving capacity. So we will see, and we are working very close with ttheym to our product and also copper and also furttheyr try to work with ttheym togettheyr, expanding our furnace product, right, getting to ttheyir production line to for ttheyir evaluation. So it is good customer, and we hopefully, eventually, ttheyy become a top customer for us and in tthey coming years soon, so that is our effort to put theyre to win tthey customer at [indiscernible]. Chaolien Tseng Thank you David. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Suji Desilva from ROTH Capital. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Suji Desilva Hi David, hi Mark, congrats on tthey progress theyre. On tthey global customer, I know you said you are going to ship in calendar year 2021. And since you have six-month lease, I guess, you have tthey visibility ttheyre. Just trying to understand if ttheir is a production volume or pilot volume, is it SAPS, TEBO or back end, advanced trailing node, that kind of color would theylp. Thanks. David Wang Well, and I really couldn’t release any product, obviously, control, even if ttheyre is not a lot, I talked about which product ttheyy are buying. Anyway, we are not going to say that across that will be tthey evaluation tool and hopefully, at tthey end of tthey repeat order PO and tthey typical process. First of all, tthey valuation, even liking tthey type of product, ttheyy get all tthey production verification ttheyn we will hopefully get to get order, so anything we will repeat what that is going to happen next year that is tthey were expecting. Again, it is a good opportunity. That is why we are doing very good effort and make our team really sales and also servicing and all ottheyr related logistic support, right, for those to happen. Suji Desilva Okay David. I appreciate that color. Thank you so much. Bye. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Chi Tsai from Jefferies. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Chi Tsai Hi David, hi Mark, thank you for taking my question. Could you give us some color on your Asia, you said you are going to take anottheyr one to two months? So can you share what kind of process you are left with tthey CSRC, what is going to ctheyck for tthey IPO to go ttheyre? David Wang Okay. Good. So Chi, actually, as I mentioned, on June 10, with actually tthey SSEC, Shanghai Stock Exchanging, based on application to tthey CSRC. So we are going through a question-and-answer. Actually, so far, tthey question give us all answered already, and now I have been probably in ttheyir internal procedure process and to get a final and also just two days ago, we also submitted Q2 financial review and to tthey CSRC also. So we will see maybe tthey some questions come back to our Q2 data. And anyway, we are prepared for that. Again, ACM probably is tthey first U.S. company has a theyadquarter in tthey U.S. Ttheyy also have IPO, with ttheyir subsidiary in Shanghai and apply for a market IPO. I’m pretty sure ttheir is a really unique and first case. So it is reasonable. Ttheyy take more time to consider and take more of cautious effort, especially we have ttheir, I call it, short report come out, right, all things put togettheyr. Anyway, we have confidence. As I said, we are a good housing company and good technology and with our strategy. And I think we should be overcome in ttheir - I call, tthey event you get IPO in some market, but I believe ttheir will both really benefit our expansion plan in China and that is wtheyre we are believing what ttheyy are win-win for tthey customer in China and our financial investor in tthey U.S. and also ACM Global growth. So it is a good thing to try to work out and make it happen. Chi Tsai Yes, thank you very much. My second question is regarding your R&D expense. I think you have a very big job on your first half R&D expense. I think that is very positive, given you are expanding your product portfolio. But can you give us some color on tthey long-term R&D expense or will it stay, let’s say, like high mid-teens going to next two, three years? David Wang Yes. Good question. Actually, let me put ttheir way, as I mean a couple of earnings call and previous time, we want to balance, right, and profitability and also growth opportunities, so I think probably last two years, you can see about 10%, 11% R&D. And ttheir quarter, we get into tthey 14%. So I think probably 15% is a good range for us to stay. Why it had ttheir gross margin, 40%, 45%, ttheir is all operations coming togettheyr. You have to gattheyr 10% plus, that is kind of a profit - so we have got a value in tthey hand, and that probably give you [indiscernible] is probably a number we try to be keeping for tthey next two, three years. But let me add anottheyr difference were for ottheyr big guys, we spend tthey R&D money very efficient. Looking in tthey last two, three years, we are developing copper plating and we divide tthey furnace. We spend also semi-critical in tthey cloning process, also by end of ttheir year, we are putting additional new function, ottheyr, even drive already come out and with our product. We are spending very efficient money. We spend every penny and dollar and to maximize our R&D effort. So I think 50% is a good number, and we have got a spending - we have confidence we are getting to our new product come out on time line. And also, I think our key for our success or R&D is we always get an innovation product all, I call, We don’t want to get me to, but number one. Number two, we also have a very good team and working in Shanghai and working with tthey Korean market and Korean site. So that really gives us a strong R&D effort and ttheyn really eittheyr our product in tthey market. That is really I mean, theirtorically that. So with continued innovation, we are very confident. We will continue pushing R&D at tthey next level with tthey new innovation product come up. Chi Tsai Thank you, that is very theylpful. Congrats on tthey business. David Wang Thank you. Gary Dvorchak Great, thanks. Next question please. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Christian Schwab from Craig-Hallum Capital. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Christian David Hey great quarter. I tried to sneak in two quick questions. I will just ask ttheym quick. Recent news about a leading customers bond default, is that potentially going to have any impact on you is question one. Question two is, what happens if YMTC gets put on tthey entity list, is ttheyre any way to shift to ttheym? David Wang Mark, you want to answer that or I -. Mark McKechnie Yes, I can start, and ttheyn if you finish. But yes, tthey first one on tthey bond defaults, David’s talked about that on prior calls. We are pretty confident that tthey operations of that customer are solid and our general thought is that financing will be available hopefully from - so long as tthey operation continues to execute that ttheyy can seek funding from ottheyr areas. And it is more of about ownership issue rattheyr than a funding operation issue. In terms of tthey entity list, 1TC is an important customer. I think David talked about, we expect growth, but likely at a lower percentage. We are monitoring closely, and hopefully, ttheyy don’t get put on tthey entity list. We feel pretty confident given our manufacturing operation in Shanghai and a lot of our technology came from ttheyre that we might have some more flexibility to shift to - should ttheyy get put on tthey list. But of course, it is dependent upon ttheyir ability for tthey ottheyr suppliers to get licenses. So we will monitor it closely and we will update if necessary. Christian David Great, thank you for letting me sneak in two quick questions. Again, congrats on a good quarter. Mark McKechnie Great. Thanks Christian. David Wang Thank you. Operator That wraps up our Q&A session. I will turn back tthey call over to Gary. Mark McKechnie Guys I think that is it. I thank tthey operator, and everyone for participating on tthey call. I just want to mention some upcoming Investor Relations events. On August 24th, we are going to present at tthey Needham Second Eugeneual Virtual Semi-Camp and EDA conference. On August 31st, we will present at tthey Jefferies Virtual Semiconductor, IT, Hardware and Communications Infrastructure Summit. In addition, we will present at tthey Jefferies Asia Forum on September 9th and tthey 22nd Credit Suisse and Asian Technology Conference on September 10th. Attendance at ttheyse conferences is by invitation-only for clients of each respective firm. So interested investors, please contact your respective sales representative to register for one-on-one meetings to secure time. So ttheir concludes tthey call. Thank you, everyone, and you may now disconnect. David Wang Thank you, bye. Operator Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.