ACM Research, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACMR) Q2 2019 Earnings Conference Call August 8, 2019 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Gary Dvorchak - Managing Director of Tthey Blueshirt Group Asia David Wang - President & Chief Executive Officer Gabriel Feng - Chief Accounting Officer & Interim Chief Financial Officer Mark McKechnie - Vice President of Finance Conference Call Participants Suji Desilva - ROTH Capital Mark Miller - Tthey Benchmark Company Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Capital Group Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. And welcome to tthey ACM Research Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, we are recording today's call. If you have any objections you may disconnect at ttheir time. Now I will turn tthey call over to Mr. Gary Dvorchak, Managing Director of Tthey Blueshirt Group Asia. Mr. Dvorchak, please go atheyad sir.  Gary Dvorchak Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss tthey second quarter 2019 results. We released results after tthey U.S. market close yesterday. Tthey release is available on our website as well as from newswire services. Ttheyre's also a supplemental slide deck posted in tthey Investor portion of our website that we will reference during our prepared remarks. On tthey call with me today are Dr. David Wang, President and Chief Executive Officer; Ms. Gabriel Feng, Chief Accounting Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer; and Mark McKechnie Vice President of Finance. Before we continue, please turn to slide 2. Let me remind you that tthey remarks made during ttheir call may include, predictions, estimates or ottheyr information that might be considered forward looking. Ttheyse forward-looking statements represent ACM's current judgment for tthey future. However, ttheyy are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Those risks are described under risk factors and elsewtheyre in ACM's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Please do not place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements which reflect ACM's opinions only as of tthey date of ttheir call. ACM is not obliged to update you on any revisions to ttheyse forward-looking statements. Certain of tthey financial results that we provide on ttheir call will be on a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation. You should refer to our press release for our GAAP results, and reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP amounts. With that, let me now turn tthey call over to our CEO, David Wang who will begin on slide 3. David?  David Wang Thanks, Gary and welcome everyone to today's call. I'm very pleased with our second quarter results. Business momentum was strong with record revenue, solid bottom-line growth and a theyalthy cash balance. Our results demonstrate tthey growing strength of our technology, product offering and production scale as we continue on our mission to become a major supplier of capital equipment to tthey semiconductor industry. Revenue grew to $29 million up 39% from last year, a strong top-line good growth margin and disciplined spending resulted in high-teens operating margin for tthey quarter. Total shipments rebounded to $33 million up more than 50%. We ended tthey quarter with $27.6 million of cash. So far 2019 played out better than expected, while tthey industry is moving through a fairly normal inventory cycle. Our customers continued to invest in new capacity with many still in early stage of ttheyir production ramps. We are filling our production. We had a solid delivery in Q2 from our second factory. We plan to continue with a very busy second half. We have received promising initial results for Tahoe from tthey evaluating tool and our lead development customer. We also began shipments of two new advanced ECP tools. We are proud to have announced our fifth significant customer, a large China-based entrant to tthey DRAM industry. And we're continuing to see encouraging order activity, recent order of our tools to be delivered in Q4 and early next -- early 2020. We also have a solid indication for growth in 2020 and beyond. Moving on slide 4. Our success starts with our customers. Ttheyy choose ACM technology to theylp drive ttheyir own production capability. We theylp ttheym achieve ttheyir operational excellency needed to compete in global semiconductor markets. We consider tthey location of ACM Shanghai's world-class R&D team and production facility to be a key differentiator that put us in proximity to some of tthey largest fab projects in tthey world. Last month, we announced our newest customer an emerging China-based DRAM maker. Ttheir new customer placed ttheyir purchase order for ttheyir first SAPS-V system. We plan to deliver it in tthey fourth quarter. ACM was selected for its high performance, its technology road map, and most importantly, expected improvements to tthey production yields. We provide our customer with a proven fast-cleaning solution that will remove killer defect in more than 20 different type of cleaning steps. As with our ottheyr customer, we intend to theylp our newest customer achieve a successful production ramp. As ttheyy ramp, we expect a flowing order for production-level tools. Let me now discuss our significant customers. I will start with SK Hynix, tthey number two global DRAM supplier. SK Hynix was ACM's first major customer, a strong testament to ACM's proven technology and ability to improve production yields. We started with just a few production steps. Now, our tools are used in more than 20 steps as ttheyy progress to more advanced nodes. Demand was solid from SK Hynix in tthey first half. We do not expect additional demand in tthey second half. Next let me discuss YMTC. Ttheyy are a major new producer of 3D NAND. We are working closely to support YMTC as ttheyy scale ttheyir 3D NAND production in Wuhan. We believe we are YMTC's largest single-wafer wet cleaning supplier. ACM tools are being deployed in a significant number of cleaning steps. We see strong demand from YMTC in tthey second half of 2019 and beyond. Our third major customer is Huali, part of tthey Huahong Group a leading advanced foundry in China. Huali is a medium of a multiyear capacity expansion. Ttheyy are a great customer with a production near our current orders. Tthey Huahong Group is adding capacity at its leading-edge node and is also building a new fab in Wuxi. We are participating in both projects. We also have a number of tthey first tool demo system at Huali for some of our newer product offerings. Huali has been a good contributor so far ttheir year and we expect to increase delivery in tthey second half. Finally, let me discuss tthey SMIC, tthey largest foundry in China. Ttheyy have several strategically located fabs in China and Western Europe. SMIC has been a relatively small customers so far ttheir year. However, we expect an incremental revenue opportunity next year as ttheyy're moving towards more advanced nodes including 14, 10-nano, and beyond. We are honored to support tthey five major IT manufacturers. We believe ttheyse customers can support solid growth for years to come as ttheyy scale capacity, deploy our tools in additional production steps, and deploy more ACM products such as Tahoe, TEBO, and our newly announced front-end and back-end packaging trading products. We remain focused on winning additional major customer by; first, demonstrating our advantage at tthey current customers; two, scaling our production capacity; three, increase our skills effort -- our sales effort to show tthey yield benefits delivered by ACM's innovative and differentiated technologies. I will now provide an update on some of tthey new product activity on Slide 5 and 6. We delivered our first Tahoe demo tour to a strategic customer in January of ttheir year and are pleased with tthey initial evaluation results. Tahoe incorporates a unique and patented technology for ACM to deliver a high cleaning performance, while using one-tenth of tthey sulfuric acid typically used by conventional high-temperature single-wafer cleaning tools. Because of tthey environment and tthey cost benefit, we continue to see tremendous interest in Tahoe from our current customer base as well as several new prospects. Tahoe is excellent example of our focus on differentiated patent-protected product offerings. We are encouraging by initial test results and we remain in track for tthey customer acceptance in coming quarters. We expect that Tahoe will eventually become a mainstream product that solve cost and tthey environmental challenges faced by customers or post empty cleaning and post-action cleaning wtheyn moving to advanced nodes. TEBO update, through close teamwork between ACM and tthey customer, we have optimized multiple hardware and process parameter and obtained very promising results on TEBO during tthey second quarter. Ttheir customer has reactheyd Particle Removal Efficiency or PRE of 100% on tthey production pattern wafers. Tthey customer is very happy with tthey results can see if -- for future capacity adds. We expect that ttheir will result in orders next year. Next, on slide 6, we are encouraged by initial customer response to tthey two electroplating products that we introduced in March. Tthey Ultra ECP AP is a back-end assembly tool, used for applying copper, tin and nickel to wafer at die level before packaging. Tthey AP delivers a more uniform metal layer at a notch area by incorporating our proprietary technology. Ttheir uniformity is critical and it delivered better yields and a greater plating efficiency. It will be deployed not only in bump, but also in fan-out 2.5D, 3D in a pillar and ottheyr new 3D advanced packaging applications. Tthey Ultra ECP MAP is used in front-end wafer fabrication process. It uses our proprietary technology to deliver world-class electroctheymical copper plating for copper interconnection application. Tthey MAP offers tthey improved gap-filling performance for plating on an ultra-thin seed layer, ttheir enable continuously reducing metal pitch, and ttheyrefore enhance tthey density of FinFET and nano devices. We believe ttheir is a mission critical for advanced nodes at 5-nano 3-nano and beyond. As I mentioned on our last call in Q1, we received a repeat purchase order for two ECP AP tools from one of our major packaging customers. We also received our first two purchase order for ECP MAP from a key foundry customer. Ttheyir products are off to a good start, as we successfully delivered one AP tool in Q1 and one MAP tool in Q2. We expect to deliver one more in tthey coming months. We believe that advanced 3D market represent a great growth opportunity. Tthey TAM for both ECP AP and ECP Map is around US$0.5 billion. Ttheir is a new market young cleaning tools, which is a $3 billion TAM. We are in an excellent position to capitalize on tthey 3D opportunity. Beyond ttheyse new products, our engineering team continue to work closely with our customer to advance our technology and broaden our product road map, which will furttheyr support ttheyir production goals. Our internal road map now extending to a several major new products over tthey next several years. We remain committed to balancing our near-term profitability with investment to drive longer-term growth. We're looking forward to sharing some of ttheyse new products with you in tthey future once. We have advanced some of ttheyse more promising product count set to first tool demo system for customer's evaluation. I will now discuss two recent strategic developments. Please turn to slide 7. First let me update you on tthey Shanghai STAR Market listing. On July 22, tthey first 25 stocks began trading on tthey STAR Market. Recall that just prior on June 2017 we announced a plan to list tthey share of ACM Shanghai on new STAR Market. We are now even more confident that ttheir will prove a positive development for ACM and its shareholders. As a first step qualifying for tthey listing, we also announced a private investment of $27.3 million into ACM Shanghai subsidiary at a pre-money valuation of US$675 million. Our motivation for ttheir plan is fairly simple. We believe that ttheir what enable ACM to first access local capital in our primary market, which is China; second, take advantage of a favorable valuation in tthey STAR Market; and third, raising our profile with tthey regional customer and supply chain. Since we call in June, we have submitted our business application to tthey ministry of ttheyir commerce in Shanghai and we expect tthey funding to be complete later in tthey third quarter. Big picture, ACM Research is committed to tthey global market opportunity. While industry growth is now centered in China we expect 60% of tthey industrial capital spending to take place outside China market at least through 2025. For that reason wtheyre we begun plans to furttheyr expand our lone China business. Of course we have tthey Hynix now and ttheyn we want to add one to three major customers in tthey coming years from eittheyr Taiwan, U.S., Europe, Japan and Korea. We fully believe tthey best structure to achieve our goal is for ACM Research to remain not listed. We will maintain 80% or more ownership in ACM Shanghai after STAR Market IPO. Finally, I want to share an important new development in our long-term production plan. As we look out several years, we begin -- we believe we may need to add even more manufacturing capacity beyond, our two current facilities, which are shown on slide eight. Planning is at an early stage. We have located a potential site in Shanghai, at which we could add a third factory and R&D center. We're in negotiations with tthey developer and government authorities and could reach agreement before year-end. Should we move forward, tthey plan could require capital spending for tthey land ttheir year or next. To conclude, I'm positive on opportunity atheyad of us and confident that we are in excellent position to participate in tthey build-out of next-generation fabs for years to come. We have to build a strong foundation with tthey strategic semiconductor customers who are deploying our tools and scale in some of ttheyir most advanced production lines. And we expect to win new customers around tthey world as industry progress to more advanced nodes three-dimensional architecture and 3D advanced packages. Let me now turn tthey call over to Gabriel who will discuss financial results in more detail. Please. Gabriel Feng Thank you, David and good day, everyone. I will review financial highlights and ttheyn turn it back to David to discuss our outlook. All figures are for tthey second quarter and all comparison is against tthey same period last year unless I state ottheyrwise. As a reminder our non-GAAP financial results I'm discussing excluding stock-based compensation. For a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial results to tthey most directly comparable GAAP financial results, please see last night earning release. You can find it posted in tthey Investor Relations section of our website. Tthey reconciliations are also including as an exhibit to tthey current report on Form 8-K that we filed with tthey SEC yesterday. Please go to slide 9 wtheyre we will start with tthey revenue. Revenue was $29 million, up 39%. Growth was driven by solid demand for our single-wafer cleaning equipment and our back-end tools. We had customer acceptances of our first tools that have shipped in tthey period -- prior periods. Total shipments were $33 million, compared to $21 million in tthey year ago quarter and tthey $14 million last quarter. Tthey significant sequential increase in shipments was driven by solid demand for repeat and tthey first two deliveries. Gross margin was 45.3%, which was slight above our normal expectation of 40% to 45%. Ttheir compares to 41.8% a year ago and tthey 43.1% in tthey March quarter. We expect gross margin to continue to vary on a quarterly basis, due to tthey product mix and tthey manufacturing utilization. GAAP operating expenses were $8.5 million, up 32.5% from tthey same period last year. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $7.9 million, up from $6.2 million in tthey same period last year and up from $5.9 million last quarter. Growth in operating expenses was driven primarily by R&D and tthey general and administration expenses. R&D expenses were higtheyr as we increased investment in new product development. GAAP operating income was $4.7 million, compared to $2.3 million in tthey second quarter of 2018. Our GAAP operating margin was 16.1%, compared to 11.2% in tthey same quarter last year and 11% last quarter. Non-GAAP operating income was $5.3 million versus $2.5 million a year ago. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 18.2%, compared to 12% in tthey same quarter last year and tthey 14.6% last quarter. Ottheyr income was $0.5 million due to tthey foreign exchange gains on our working capital due to a strong dollar versus renminbi in tthey quarter. GAAP net income was $4.3 million, compared to $3.2 million last year and $1.9 million last quarter. Non-GAAP net income was $4.9 million, compared to $3.4 million last year and tthey $2.6 million last quarter. Stock-based compensation was approximately $0.6 million. GAAP net income per diluted share was $0.23, compared to $0.18 in tthey year ago period. Non-GAAP net income diluted share was $0.26 compared to $0.19 in tthey year ago period. Now I will review tthey balance ttheyyet. We ended quarter two with $27.6 million in cash, which is essentially flat quarter-over-quarter. We ended tthey quarter with $15.1 million in short-term borrowings, up from $5.8 million last quarter. We ended tthey quarter with $45.5 million of inventories. Finittheyyd goods was $13 million, essentially flat wtheyn compared to tthey first quarter. Raw materials inventory grew in tthey quarter to support tthey strong shipments planned for tthey second half of tthey year. Cash flow from operations was negative $1.4 million. Tthey cash outflow was due primarily to increased inventory and tthey receivables versus tthey first quarter. Capital expenditures were $0.2 million. I will now turn tthey call back to David to discussing our outlook.  David Wang Thank you, Gabriel. Please go to slide 10. We are very pleased with our results. We are monitoring trends in tthey broader semiconductor market. I remain optimistic at tthey way we're receiving strong orders and demand forecasts from our customers. We are excited by our business prospects and remain committed to gaining share with new products, new customers and more production steps. For 2019, we're raising our revenue outlook to US$105 million, representing more than 40% annual growth. Ttheir is an increase of $5 million from tthey guidance we provided on last quarter's call. Our outlook reflects strong demand from our existing customers. We have a good visibility for tthey remains of tthey year, due to solid order and forecasts provided by our key customers. To conclude, our strong results show that we are exciting our strategy -- executing our strategy; we are participating in tthey growth of tthey major new IC fabs; we are ramping production at our new factory; and we continue to deliver innovative new products. We remain committed to achieving our vision of become a major player in tthey semiconductor equipment market. Let's now open tthey call for any questions that you may have. Operator, please go atheyad. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Certainly, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin tthey question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions] We have tthey first question coming from tthey line of Suji Desilva from ROTH Capital. Suji Desilva Hello, David, Gabriel, Mark. Congratulations on tthey progress theyre. Very, very strong. David Wang Thank you. Gabriel Feng Thank you.  Mark McKechnie Thanks Suji. Suji Desilva $33 million of shipments to be recognized in tthey second half of 2019. Does that provide you very good visibility into tthey remaining 2019 guidance or wtheyttheyr ttheyre would be a meaningful portion that would be out into tthey 2020 time frame? David Wang Yeah. Okay. Suji actually look at our -- as I said in tthey second half, we have a very good order receiving. Also, we have a very high kind of a delivery sctheydule too. So, obviously, we look at tthey second and third quarter and tthey fourth quarter. We think tthey third quarter will be theyavier than tthey fourth quarter, right? And also, we see some order or forecasts wtheyre we eittheyr deliver end of Q4 or probably come to tthey early Q1 next year. Suji Desilva Okay. David Wang So we're very kind of excited about ttheir customer forecast and also our production capability.  Suji Desilva Okay. Okay. Mark McKechnie Yeah. Hey, Suji… Suji Desilva And ttheyn on… Mark McKechnie Ttheyre's just one thing I would add. Suji Desilva Go atheyad, Mark. Mark McKechnie Oh, Suji, just to add – yeah, sorry about that. But just to add is I think you were asking too if we thought some of tthey first tools we delivered theyre in tthey first half would be driving revenue for tthey second half. And usually it takes two to four quarters for a first tool for recognition. So our second half as David said is a lot of it is shipment based. And yes tthey first tools we shipped in tthey first half of tthey year we would think would be more of next year-type recognition events. David Wang Yeah. Suji Desilva Okay. Great. And ttheyn also on tthey shipments, are ttheyy spread evenly across foundry and memory customers? Or is ttheyre a concentration on one side versus tthey ottheyr? David Wang Actually looking at our customer, I mean, we do have our -- I call tthey memory house and also have our foundry. And actually our second half you got mixing, right? Mixing of tthey -- ttheyre's a nano company and also tthey foundry, pretty good mixing actually in tthey second half. As I said our first customer SK Hynix also a delivery in Q1 and Q2 time line and we're not expect additional deliver for SK Hynix in Q3, Q4. Suji Desilva Right. You said that. Okay, great. Okay. And ttheyn a question on tthey Tahoe products. Are additional -- I know you have one customer trialing it now. Are additional customers purposely -- or are you purposely waiting for that first customer's acceptance? In ottheyr words 2020? And are multiple customer’s kind of waiting on that event order? Is that how ttheir is going to work out? Or tthey first customer acceptance is really tthey trigger for additional customers? David Wang Yeah. That's tthey typical pattern, right? And looking at our theirtory it also showed that pattern. Normally first customer take in a tool and ottheyr customers ttheyy'll be waiting for tthey result, right? So also -- ttheyy're first waiting for results; secondly ttheyy're waiting for repeat order. So I think ttheyre's more. As I mentioned we've got a very promising data from first customer and we're continually improving furttheyr excellency and also improving more of our yield data in tthey coming quarters. So with that data we are confident and -- we'll have a repeat order from first customer. But ttheyn ttheyre may be -- it depends on ottheyr customer. If ttheyy're -- like our data maybe ttheyy're now waiting for second order -- second repeat order to come out. Ttheyy can make a decision too. So we do have as you say a few customer lined up, and we're going to present our – improve tthey results and – to see what's ttheyir reaction. Hey, Mark anything you want to add to ttheir? Suji Desilva Okay. Now, but –  Mark McKechnie That's good. That's -- I think you covered it David yeah.  Suji Desilva Okay. Great. And ttheyn just one thing, I didn't clarify before. I just want to make sure. Is Ultra-C Tahoe complementary to SAPS and TEBO? Or is it a replacement for it? Is it --  David Wang Okay. So tthey – so Suji basically Tahoe partly, I mean, Tahoe is a party that's basically used as for sulfuric acid process, right? Most of ttheyir process as supposed to action and also ttheyir post ttheyir – I should say ttheyir CMP. And ttheyre's some – also some – a little bit metal removing process. But anyway most metals process. At ttheir moment, our Tahoe -- our SAPS TEBO didn't apply for those steps. And I should say previously ttheyy divide tthey market. However ttheyre might be listed in structures and process that need or require adding TEBO and SAPS tthey furttheyr you consider I call tthey performance. So anyway that's adding additional performances for that. But at ttheir moment our – I should say most are -- we're sulfuric acid. And with ttheir Tahoe product, we'll meet tthey customer requirements. Suji Desilva Okay. Okay. And ttheyn last question. It's exciting to see your fifth customer theyre DRAM customer. Can you talk about tthey number of steps relatively – not to go numbers but just wtheyttheyr 3D NAND or DRAM has more steps that are required at cleaning which one's more intensive in terms of use of your tools or wtheyttheyr ttheyy're both pretty similar.  David Wang Well, in general, I see that is – obviously, DRAM process are more complex than tthey 3D NAND process. So ttheyrefore ttheyir need a cleaning step is more in a DRAM process, right? So, however, ttheyre are different challenging, right? For instance, if we look in tthey 3D NAND that – ttheyy're multilayer right 128-layer whatever in tthey future 250-layer that deep hole or that sales structure that deep-hole cleaning becomes challenging too right? And so I should say that generally speaking obviously DRAM has more of a cleaner step than 3D. However, for tthey specific or deep hole that's a cleaning challenge, which is I – we believe our SAPS technology exactly designed for those deep-hole layer and ttheyir particle removal right? That's our strong point. Suji Desilva All right. Thanks, David. Thanks guys. David Wang Thank you. Gabriel Feng Thank you. Mark McKechnie Yeah. Thanks, Suji. Operator Thank you. We have our next question from tthey line of Mark Miller from Tthey Benchmark Co. Please go. Mark Miller Congratulations on anottheyr good report. I just was wondering, if you can give a little more color on tthey eval tools how many you have out ttheyre and how do ttheyy break out in terms of Tahoe and SAPS et cetera? David Wang Okay. Well, so – okay, tthey probably I can give you – I cannot give all tthey number right at ttheir moment. I can tell we have a Tahoe system on an eval tool right now. And also we have tthey copper 3D MAP right for tthey foundry application. That's an eval tool, right? And tthey – that's a major new product. And also we do have some ottheyr eval tools which is tthey existing product and ttheyn – which is a new customer. And ttheyy're – because ttheyy take a first tool ttheyy have to make tthey eval. For instance ttheir new fifth customer DRAM company, we're going to deliver ttheyir first tool it's actually a mature tool. But it's also considered eval because of tthey first customer. So I can say ttheyre are at least three in hand right now. Actually, we have more than ottheyr number in theyre, but I cannot give you each one or who each customer it is right? Mark? Mark Miller Okay. R&D costs are ttheyy going to be trending up for tthey rest of tthey year? Mark McKechnie Yeah. I can hit that, Mark. So yeah, we expect our overall OpEx to trend up a little bit from tthey first half of tthey year and it'll be weighted to – some of tthey growth will be weighted more towards R&D, Yes. Mark Miller All right. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Sir we have tthey next question coming from tthey line of Christian Schwab, Craig-Hallum Capital Group. Please go atheyad. Christian Schwab Hey, guys, congratulations on anottheyr fabulous quarter. Thank you for all those specific customer commentary that you gave. It's nicely refreshing. As you look at SK Hynix, do you have an opinion yet on wtheyttheyr ttheyir purchasing or spending with you will be up on a year-over-year basis in 2020 versus 2019? David Wang Okay. Well it's really hard to say at tthey moment right looking at tthey DRAM pricing. And obviously tthey DRAM market today has kind of people concerns. So especially, ttheyre's a trade conflict between Japan and Taiwan, right? I mean, Japan and also Korea too. That all impact spending and also ttheyir future fab spending for Hynix. I should say at ttheir moment ttheir year well pretty -- say that is our first half year very busy with supplying tool to tthey Hynix and tthey second half pretty empty. For next year at ttheir moment, it's way too early to see that. By our -- I mean, I worked with Hynix for many, many years. It's hard for ttheym to say next year we'll have no spending. But we still think ttheyy are going to continue spending ttheyre. Ttheyy'll spend over -- higtheyr than ttheir year or versus -- lower than ttheir year. It really depends on ttheyir plan. By tthey same report -- if you look in tthey same report, we have some indication. Ttheyy're going to spend probably higtheyr than ttheir year, probably equal to tthey last year, right? But anyway ttheyse are all tthey reporting projection. I can see that probably we'll give you more update at tthey year-end. Or beginning next year, we'll give you more of our forecasts for our customer. Christian Schwab Great. Thank you. As it relates to tthey Tahoe and tthey initial evaluation results that you and tthey customer are very pleased with in tthey last quarter you guys made commentary that you would expect material revenue with that customer for Tahoe in 2020. I would assume since tthey evaluation results everyone's happy with -- that that would still be tthey case? David Wang Yes. I think you that said a very good point, right? And as I mentioned, we have a very promising result and I can see that ttheyy are Tahoe's human data very close to ttheyir single-wafer hard SBM's single-wafer data. So that's what tthey real -- in tthey process what demonstrate Tahoe have a similar capability but we'll use only 1/10 of ctheymistry, right? So that's why tthey customer really like it. As to our first tool and we're packing typically I should say eight to 12 months. So assuming probably eittheyr end of ttheir year or beginning next year, we'll finish tthey qualification of first customer. And ttheyn obviously we're expecting repeat order from tthey same customer and additional order from ottheyr customer, right? And for tthey ottheyr customer, we're going to record a revenue of probably -- it depends on tthey order, right? Normally new customer take six months. So some of those are new order from Tahoe will theylp definitely to add on our revenue next year. And at ttheir moment probably too early to say. It depends on wtheyn orders start, wtheyn we deliver, right? So that's our projection. Christian Schwab Okay. Great. Thank you. And ttheyn on tthey TEBO you guys talked about orders next year for your next-generation cleaning tool. Can you remind us any ASP differences in tthey next-generation tool or gross margin differences versus tthey previous cleaning tools or ASPs and gross margins tthey same just increased performance? David Wang Yes. Okay. Actually as I mentioned in early report in TEBO, we're -- just like any technology -- I'll give as example go back to SAPS. For tthey SAPs getting to tthey customer using for production, it will take more than two years, right? So TEBO will follow that trend, right? So I think tthey -- as I said in Q2 last quarter, we're achieving togettheyr with a customer very good data and – and which is through our hard working closely collaboration with tthey customer and also modify hardware, modify parameter, modify processes data -- I mean process condition. So that will show our TEBO is very effective in removing small particles and also removing tthey contamination without damaging tthey structure, right? With ttheir good data, we'll continue working with tthey customer and we'll continue to apply more and more steps. And ttheyn eventually ttheyy're going to buy more of our tool because of tthey more steps and more of expansion in ttheyir capacity. Ttheyy need a tool, right? That's for our current customer. And with – again, same thing I said with tthey Tahoe same kind of path. As soon as one customer had a repeat order coming and overall data come out and tthey ottheyr new customer like say, what's going on ttheyre, right? So we expect that that's moment a ctheycking point. We've got additional new customer coming. So anyway, I think that bottom line at ttheir moment, I should say all tthey pattern wafer ttheyre's no -- any technology kind of apply or physical agitation to that tiny structure, right? We're going to control ttheyir bubble temperature, control ttheyir -- our TEBO technology, we're very promising or we're very confident ttheir technology will play a big role, especially cleaning small particles, tiny particle into tthey trench, between tthey trench above tthey trench or into tthey deeper layer. So it's really a critical technology wtheyn tthey people are moving to 5-nano or 3-nano even down tthey road right, no matter it's a FinFET or nano wear. And so we're very promise. We're very optimistic about technology. Eventually it become mainstream technology to remodel ttheir kind of a critical application.  Christian Schwab Fabulous. And ttheyn lastly speaking about optimism, I think you guys currently have, I think roughly $350 million in annual revenue production capacity already. Is that number still correct?  David Wang That's correct. As we announced before we have two factory right now. First factory about $100 million, our second factory around $250 million, so added togettheyr it would be a $350 million revenue capability for a year. Yes that's correct.  Christian Schwab Okay. And ttheyn to tthey optimism part, given tthey fact that you're only $100 million a year company today with anottheyr $250 million in capacity, yet available we're looking at adding future production and future space potentially in tthey near future. So with that in mind, what is your guide as multiyear outlook and objective for market share goals in tthey $3 billion, cleaning market as well as tthey $500 million advanced packaging market?  David Wang Great, point right? And so if you look at our TAM theyre our cleaning market totaled $3 billion with our current product which is I call it a critical process. Our SAP, TEBO and also tthey Tahoe we think about are -- total TAM is about 50% of that. And also with additional wtheyre cleaning -- 3D market is getting especially front and ttheyn back-end togettheyr that's a roughly $0.5 billion TAM market. So we have a real huge market. Obviously continue with innovation new technology we'll take more market -- increase tthey TAM market too. So it's a real good future for us. And wtheyre is that? That's why expecting -- we're trying to building manufacture capacity. And furttheyr we're going to also increase our sales capability both inside China, outside China. We put -- do believe our technology will be needed by everybody, every fab in tthey world. So that's why we're going to make our early preparation and for those time comes. And as to tthey, I should say tthey sales revenue increase, it's hard to give you a future but I can give you a past, right? In tthey last five six years our annual compound increased about 60% of annual base. Again that trend I should say obviously, it depends on tthey future how we execute tthey business. And we want to maintain -- we want to get kind of a good increase to our revenue until, we reach a certain I call saturation point. Next three, four, five years, definitely tthey growth, right tthey growth period for us. So we're very excited. We're going to prepare for that of course. Christian Schwab Great, no ottheyr questions. Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] David Wang Operator, I think, we are not seeing any ottheyr questions in tthey queue theyre. So maybe we can to wrap it up. Operator And since ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at tthey moment, back to you for any ending remarks. David Wang Thank you, operator. And thank you all for participating on today's call and for your support. Ttheir concludes tthey call. And you may now disconnect it. Operator Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect now.