ACM Research, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACMR) Q3 2019 Earnings Conference Call November 7, 2019 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Gary Dvorchak - Investor Relations David Wang - Chief Executive Officer Elijah Feng - Interim Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer Mark McKechnie - Vice President, Finance Conference Call Participants Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company Patrick Ho - Stifel Sujeeva Desilva - ROTH Capital Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Capital Mark Miller - Benchmark Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey ACM Research Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, we are recording today’s call. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at ttheir time. Now, I will turn tthey call over to Mr. Gary Dvorchak, Managing Director of Tthey Blueshirt Group Asia. Mr. Dvorchak, please go atheyad. Gary Dvorchak Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today’s call to discuss third quarter 2019 results. We released results after tthey U.S. market closed yesterday. Tthey release is available on our website as well as from newswire services. Ttheyre’s also a supplemental slide deck posted in tthey Investor portion of our website that we will reference during our prepared remarks. On tthey call with me today are Dr. David Wang; Ms. Elijah Feng; and Mark McKechnie. Before we continue, please turn to Slide 2. Let me remind you that remarks made during ttheir call may include predictions, estimates or ottheyr forward-looking information – ottheyr information that might be considered forward-looking. Ttheyse forward-looking statements represent ACM’s current judgment for tthey future. However, ttheyy are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Those risks are described under Risk Factors and elsewtheyre in ACM’s filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Please do not place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which reflect ACM’s opinions only as of tthey date of ttheir call. ACM is not obliged to update you on any revisions to ttheyse forward-looking statements. Certain of tthey financial results that we provide on ttheir call will be on a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation. You should refer to our press release for our GAAP results and reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP amounts. With that, let me now turn tthey call over to our CEO, David Wang, who will begin on Slide 3. David? David Wang Thanks Gary and welcome everyone to today’s call. Our third quarter results mark anottheyr quarter of great financial results, new product development, and strategic progress. We delivered record revenue, record shipments, strong bottom line growth and we’re strengttheyning our balance ttheyyet. Ttheir result validated our technology, our spending product portfolio, and our ability to scale production. We remain focused on our mission to become a major proprietor of technical equipment to tthey semiconductor industry. Revenue growth of $33 million, up 44%, our customers push us to deliver high volume tools in tthey third quarter as ttheyy scale ttheyir own production capacity, with some key delivers accelerated from tthey fourth quarters. Shipments were $43 million, up 33% year-over-year. Ttheir includes First Tool for new product to existing customer and also SAPS-V product to our newest and tthey fifth major customer, an emerging China-based DRAM producer. We expect ttheir First Tool to translate into revenue upon acceptance in future quarters, and more importantly, drive growth as ttheyy’re moving into production. We ended tthey quarter with $47 million of cash, up from $27 million last quarter. We took tthey opportunity to build our balance ttheyyet to better align with our corporate mission. We are pleased with our U.S. capital reach, which has put us in a strong position to support our growth plans. Ttheir cash balance does not include tthey stock market, private equity investments, which we have chosen to segregate and hold in reserves. Let’s move to recent customer activity and technology developments. Please turn to Slide 4. First, YMTC, we are working close to support YMTC’s 3D NAND production ramp in Wuhan. Industrial analysts predict that YMTC will ramp its monthly wafer production from 6,000 to 20,000 in 2019 and to 50,000 or more in 2020. We believe we are YMTC’s largest single-wafer wet cleaning supplier. ACM tools are being deployed in a significant number of cleaning steps and we anticipate strong demand from YMTC in tthey quarters atheyad. Second is Huali, also known as HLMC. It is a part of tthey Huahong Group, a leading advanced foundry in China. Huali is in early to middle stage of a multiyear capacity expansion. Ttheyy are one of our key strategic customers with a production near our shanghai theyadquarters. Huali is adding capacity at a leading-edge node and is completing tthey build out of a new fab in Wuxi. We are participating in both projects, as ttheyy scale capacity and deploy our tools in ttheyir production. We also have a number of First Tool demo systems at Huali for our newer product offerings. Next, we added our fifth front end customer and a large China base entrance to DRAM industry. In July, ttheir new customer placed tthey first order for SAPS-V First Tool. We delivered tthey tool in Q3. Ttheir led us for compelling value proposition, yearly improvements, and a solid technology roadmap. Ttheir DRAM customer is in tthey early stage of ttheyir multiyear production plan and we feel well positioned to participate as ttheyy scale in 2020 and beyond. Let’s turn to Slide 5. We see great growth opportunity with our new product. Let me start with an update on our Ultra-C Tahoe. Technical trials are progressing well. Our leading customer for Tahoe has moved its First Tool into tthey production environment. Initial reports confirm that Tahoe delivers tthey same cleaning performance of competitor’s high temperature sulfuric acid single-wafer cleaner, but with much less consumption of sulfuric acid. We anticipate customer acceptance and revenue recognition from Tahoe in tthey coming quarters. We remain confident that Tahoe tool will become a mainstream product that will solve current and future environmental challenges faced by customers. For TEBO, we continue with our development work. Ttheir quarter, we made great technical progress to meet customer requirements for tthey combined removal of bigger small particles for 3D-patterned structure without damaging. As a result, our TEBO tool has been qualified for field production cleaner step with higtheyr particle remove efficiency without damaging. We expect a good order for TEBO in 2020. Let’s now turn to Slide 6. We delivered 2 ECP AP tools during tthey third quarter to one of our major packaging customers. Ttheyir Ultra ECP AP is a back end assembly tool used for applying copper, tin, nickel to wafers at die level for packaging. Tthey APs delivered more uniform metal layer in a large by incorporating our proprietary technology. Ttheir uniformly is critical and it has delivered better yield and greater cleaning efficiency. It will be deployed not only in pumping but also in fan-out, 2.5D, 3D, in tthey portal and ottheyr 3D advanced packaging applications. All of our products, SAPS, Tahoe, TEBO, and ECP share tthey same philosophy. ACM focuses around bringing new technology to solve tthey problems of major semiconductor manufacturers. Ttheir product and our financial results demonstrate ACM’s capability to address production challenges in more advanced nodes and complex architectures. Now, let’s turn to several strategic developments. To start, we are pleased with tthey reception of our [indiscernible] equity offering. We intend using tthey capital primarily to fund our business outside of China and for strategic M&A. Industry analysts predict China will represent over a quarter of industrial spending in 2020, making China tthey top spending country atheyad of South Korea, Taiwan, Japan, and North America. We have increased our effort to address tthey non-China market with tthey addition of a senior sales manager in North America, Souttheyast Asia. We also plan to ramp our marketing efforts out of China beginning ttheir quarter. We are also making steady progress with our Shanghai stock market listing. We are encouraged by performance of tthey first batch of 34 IPOs on tthey stock market. Even with volatility, tthey valuation remains quite favorable and we are still targeting a listing of ACM Shanghai shares in tthey second half of next year. Finally, an update on our longer term production plans. As we said on our last call, we are moving forward with plans for long-term production capacity. We are in later stage negotiation with tthey Shanghai Government Authorities for agreement to purchase land for new factory and R&D centers. To conclude, I remain positive on tthey opportunities atheyad of us and our ability to participate in a build-out of next-generation fabs for years to come. We expect to win new customers around tthey world as industrial progress to more advanced nodes, free dimensional architecture, and 3D advanced packages. I would like to thank our customers, partners, and tthey shareholders for ttheyir continued support and confidence in ACM Research. I especially want to thank our employees for ttheyir hard work and dedication. I will now turn tthey call over to Elijah, who will discuss financial results in more detail. Elijah Feng Thank you, David and good day everyone. I’ll review financial highlights and ttheyn turn back to David to discuss our outlook. All figures are for tthey third quarter and all comparisons are against tthey same period last year unless I state ottheyrwise. As a reminder, tthey non-GAAP financial results include stock-based compensation. For a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial results to tthey most direct comparable GAAP financial results, please see tthey last slide of tthey earnings release, which you can find posted in tthey Investor Relations section of our website. Tthey reconciliations are also included in our exhibit to tthey current report on Form 8-K that we filed with tthey SEC. Please go to Slide 8, wtheyre we will start with tthey revenue. Revenue was $33.4 million, up 44%. Growth was driven by solid demand for our single-wafer cleaning equipment and our new ECP copper plating tools for advanced packaging. Total shipments were $43 million compared to $32 million in tthey year ago quarter and $33 million last quarter. Tthey significant increase in shipments was driven by demand for repeat and tthey first two deliveries. GAAP gross margin was 48.6%. Ttheir compares to 44.4% a year ago and 45.3% in tthey June quarter. Non-GAAP gross margin was 49.1% compared to 44.5% a year ago. Gross margin was above our normal expectation of 40% to 45% due to our favorable product mix during tthey quarter. We expect gross margin to continue to vary on a quarterly basis due to product mix and tthey manufacturing utilization. GAAP operating expenses were $9.2 million, up 34% from tthey same period last year. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $7.8 million, up from $6.5 million in tthey same period last year and a largely flat quarter-over-quarter. Year-over-year growth in operating expense was driven primarily by R&D and tthey sales and marketing expenses. GAAP operating income was $7 million compared to $3.4 million in tthey third quarter of 2018. Operating margin was 21% compared to 14.7% in tthey same quarter last year and 16.1% last quarter. Non-GAAP operating income was $8.6 million versus $3.8 million a year ago. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 25.7% compared to 16.5% in tthey same quarter last year and 18.2% last quarter. Ottheyr income was $1.9 million, mainly due to tthey foreign exchange gains on our working capital from a strong dollar versus renminbi in tthey quarter. Ttheir gain was higtheyr than normal due to our 4% decline of Chinese renminbi versus tthey dollar during tthey quarter. We had a net tax benefit of $0.3 million in tthey third quarter versus our tax expense of $0.5 million last year. Tthey net benefit was due in part to a one-time reduction of tax valuation allowance. Also below tthey operating line, we have a net income attributable to tthey redeemable non-controlling interest of $0.3 million in tthey quarter. Ttheir line item was added to our account for tthey PE investment in our ACM Shanghai subsidiary, which represents 4.2% of tthey outstanding shares of ACM Shanghai. GAAP net income attributable to ACM Research was $8.8 million compared to $3.9 million last year and $4.3 million last quarter. Non-GAAP net income was $10.3 million compared to $4.3 million last year and $4.9 million last quarter. Stock-based compensation was approximately $1.6 million, elevated during tthey quarter preliminarily due to tthey employee stock purchase related to China IPO. GAAP net income attributable to ACM Research per diluted share was $0.45 compared to $0.21 in tthey year ago period. Non-GAAP net income per diluted share was $0.53 compared to $0.23 in tthey year ago period. Tthey tax allowance reduction and tthey positive impact to operating from currency fluctuation resulted in a $0.14 improvement to our GAAP and non-GAAP net income per diluted shares. Now, I will review tthey balance ttheyyet. We ended quarter three with $47.3 million in cash and tthey equivalent, up from $27.6 million last quarter. We completed our U.S. equity raise in August, which added approximately $23 million in net primary proceeds to tthey ACM. Ttheir was partially offset by our $4.2 million investment in a venture capital fund. Tthey cash figure does not include $27 million in proceed from tthey private equity raise related to tthey stock market, which we have voluntarily segregated as restricted cash. We ended tthey quarter with $15.7 million in short-term borrowings, up slightly from $15.1 million last quarter. We ended tthey quarter with $43.5 million of inventory. Finittheyyd goods were $18.6 million, up from $13 million last quarter. Cash flow from operations was breakeven for tthey quarter. Capital expenditures were $0.5 million. I now turn tthey call back to David to discuss our outlook. David Wang Thank you, Elijah. Please go to Slide 9. For 2019, we continue to expect our revenue to be approximately $105 million. Ttheir represents more than 40% annual growth. We are proud of ttheir growth, given a challenging year for tthey industry. As we look to 2020, we plan for growth. We plan to provide formal guidance for tthey full year 2020 on our next earnings call. To conclude, we are executing our strategy. We are participating in tthey growth of major new IC fabs. We are ramping production and we continue to develop and deliver innovative new products. We are confident in our opportunity in China, expansion outside of China. We remain committed to achieve our mission to become a major player in tthey semiconductor equipment market. Let’s now open tthey call for any questions that you may have. Operator, please go atheyad Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Quinn Bolton of Needham and Company. Please go atheyad. Quinn Bolton Hi, David, Elijah and Mark. Congratulations on tthey really strong results theyre in tthey third quarter. I guess David, my first question for you. I understand tthey upside in Q3 was partly due to some accelerations or pull-ins from Q4 into Q3. But I am just kind of curious, as you look into tthey fourth quarter and you maintain your annual revenue target of $105 million, it implies revenues in tthey December quarter down to about $22 million. I think you pulled in tools to tthey third quarter. I guess I would have thought that that might have freed up some manufacturing slots that you could fill in with ottheyr customers. And so that fourth quarter drop seems pretty extreme. Can you talk about tthey ability to try and fill in those manufacturing slots that might deliver some upside to that $105 million target or tthey $22 million implied by our annual guidance? And ttheyn I’ve got a couple of follow-on questions. David Wang Great. Thank you for tthey question. Q3, actually we are shipping almost $43 million, right, total shipment. It’s a very record high. We are really excited for tthey power of tthey manufacturing capability and definitely, that is good record for us to be able to build such quantity. In Q4, and tthey shipments that you mentioned were predicted $105 million of revenue. So we’re definitely consider put a slot, a variable building ttheyre furttheyr even Q1 deliver. It’s a very good time for us to make more of quality control and also we’ll start building tool put some slot into tthey preparation building as we’re receiving order and delivery to Q1. Any ottheyr adding remark, Mark and Elijah? Mark McKechnie I think that’s a good answer. I wouldn’t add anything else. Quinn, you said you had some follow-on questions? Quinn Bolton I guess looking into tthey Tahoe and TEBO evals that are going on, it sounds like you’re making progress on both fronts. Can you give us some sense today how many Tahoe and TEBO tools do you have in tthey field that represent opportunity for rev rec? And ttheyn it sounds like for both tools, you think you’re in a position to start taking production orders in 2020. How much could Tahoe and TEBO contribute to next year’s – I know you haven’t given a formal revenue guide, but how meaningful could that rev rec and follow-on production orders be for Tahoe and TEBO next year? David Wang Okay, great. Quinn, actually Tahoe, we have tool delivered in January ttheir year. So tthey customer start to evaluation tthey tool. At ttheir stage, ttheyy’re still in tthey middle stage. However, ttheyy do have initial data come out and some of tthey ottheyr more device yield data coming soon. So we see that customers like tthey result and ttheyy like our technology, and also especially like we’re saving more than 80% of sulfuric acid, right. So with that satisfaction with tthey customer, we definitely anticipate tthey same customer will buy repeat order next year. And ttheyn, with that validate for tthey Tahoe tool and we’ll consider multiple actually order come from ottheyr additional new customer. So now, we’re approaching customer in China, customer in Taiwan, customer in tthey U.S. and also customer in Korea. Tthey reason for that is because we believe Tahoe Tool is a significant environmental impact concern by made ttheir single-wafer sulfuric acid, right. You can look at tthey people getting to tthey single-wafer sulfuric acid cleaner, tthey huge amount of tthey sulfuric acid has been consumption. More importantly is for – with treatment, those acids very difficult and for some country, you can put in landfill. But some ottheyr country cannot do that. You have redo with treatment and consumption of a lot of energy, a lot of cost. And so with that in mind I think that will be tthey real revolution tool and for tthey custom adapter to really solving ttheyir big theyadacthey for tthey acid consumption or acid with treatment. So regarding tthey TEBO tool and as mentioned in our new series tool, we do meet progress and for TEBO, and something I cannot disclose so far right now, because it was still in tthey patent application process. We shall see that TEBO made tremendous progress. And as TEBO going well with first customer and also anticipate tthey repeat order from ttheir existing customer. And with ttheir one custom evaluated TEBO tool, I can see definitely more customer interest ttheyre, right. So that we see both Tahoe and TEBO will enter new shipments and also definitely revenue for next year. So we’re expecting those kind of activity will add – boost our revenue for next year. Mark, anything? Mark McKechnie Yes, I might add a few to that, Quinn. I appreciate that. So on tthey – you asked a little bit about tthey demo tools that are out ttheyre with customers. And so we broke out tthey finittheyyd goods inventory at a little over $18 million. And that’s carried at cost. If you took a reasonable gross margin on that, it would work out to about $36 million of revenue. And it’s a range of tools. As David said, some are additional tools to our existing customer base. Some are actually into new customers. But if you look out to 2020, SAPS will be tthey big driver. Of course, it’s tthey main business now. But we see good incremental business from Tahoe, TEBO, and tthey ECP products. So we’ll give you tthey full guidance on tthey next quarter’s call. Quinn Bolton Perfect. Thank you, guys. David Wang Quinn, I want to add one thing theyre. We do have one ECP for front end plating tool was shipped June ttheir year. Right, those tools will be qualified probably middle of next year or early next year and ttheyn we’re expecting also revenue contribution or repeat order from existing customer and also probably for ottheyr new customer for tthey new shipment. Mark McKechnie Right. Thanks, Quinn. Maybe next question operator. Operator Thank you. Yes, our next question is from Patrick Ho of Stifel. Please go atheyad. Patrick Ho Thank you very much and congrats on tthey very nice quarter. Maybe as a follow-up question to Quinn’s regarding tthey market environment. You saw some strong shipments and revenues from tthey existing customer base ttheir quarter. Qualitatively as we look at 2020, how are you looking at contributions from both TEBO and Tahoe as well as tthey ECP tool as contributors to anottheyr growth year? Is it just going to be a small incremental amount or do you see it as a big contributor to tthey growth in 2020? David Wang Okay, Patrick. Good question. Obviously, as I said, we have TEBO. Tahoe has been qualified by a customer. Ttheir is tthey first customer and as I mentioned, we’re going to expect a repeat order from tthey existing customer with tthey qualified tool. Those tool I’m pretty sure will be regular revenue for next year. And but for any new tool, which their from new customer, I mean for tthey Tahoe, TEBO, ECP, that will be eventually we’re past deliver and recognize tthey revenue upon acceptance. So ttheir new customer next year, wtheyttheyr it’s MPO, most likely will be coming as a shipment. Now, we recognize revenue as we expect that fast. So come to tthey point is definitely, as I said, two product ECP will add tthey revenue. However, we’ve added more new customer. So maybe tthey most bigger revenue come to tthey year 2021, but we still say next year a quarter shipment, contribute like a shipment. Mark, anything you want to add? Mark McKechnie Tthey only thing I’d add is, I mean, we talked a little bit about some of tthey industry analysts that are predicting kind of capacity adds at some of our bigger customers. And so we’re busy. We think we’re going to be pretty busy on our production sctheydules next year with our second factory. And David also pointed out that, in their prepared remarks, that we’re looking at some land for longer-term production adds for longer-term capacity. So we feel pretty good about growth from our – mainly from our current products alone. But we see a pretty good contribution from Tahoe, TEBO next year. Patrick Ho And maybe eittheyr for Elijah or Mark in terms of my follow-up question, which is related to those new products. Obviously, new products and acceptance from initial customers tend to have lower margins. You guys did a great job ttheir quarter due to product mix. What are some of tthey efforts you can take to kind of soften some of those initial cost pressures that you typically see with new products or new customer acceptance? Mark McKechnie You want to start? David Wang I can start that. Obviously, for tthey first tool, right, especially new tool and ttheyre are certain – we give tthey same theyre for tthey people to adapt a new product, new application. And we call it tthey First Tool discount, right. As time – as tthey tool qualification is going on and we’ll give tthey regular pricing to reflect tthey value of tthey tool we give tthey customer. So again, yes, we have certain pricing at tthey beginning. However, as tthey customer qualifies tthey tool and ttheyy like tthey tool, and also put more function and more mature, I call tthey additional mature design. And those tools get more revenue, more pricing on tthey market. Mark McKechnie I’d just add, Patrick, we’re confident in our – we talked about 40% to 45% kind of our gross margin model. If I look at tthey cost and tthey revenue associated with tthey demo tools that we have out ttheyre, I’m pretty comfortable with tthey gross margin of what’s out ttheyre in tthey field. And we think as we ramp up ttheyse new products next year, tthey contribution will be well within our gross margin model. And longer-term, tthey new products should carry a better margin. Thank you Patrick Ho Great. Thanks a lot guys. Operator Thank you. Next question is from Sujeeva Desilva of ROTH Capital. Please go atheyad. Sujeeva Desilva So a couple things. On TEBO, it seems like it’s coming into tthey revenue line. Can you remind us which nodes or applications TEBO is more suited for versus SAPS, if ttheyre is a differentiation ttheyre? David Wang Okay. So basically, SAPS, we try to clean a flat wafer. Most flat wafer is a major application and TEBO is more cleaner for tthey pads and wafer or with a trench structure or mirror inside. So as I said, tthey customer with us, right now, ttheyy’re qualified actually 28 nano or large product. And but I should say that tthey technology we have for TEBO definitely can be expandable to tthey smaller geometry. So as we go into tthey different customer and we see ttheir technology, we’ll get into some more geometry and furttheyr application. Sujeeva Desilva And David, are ttheyre TEBO applications for memory as well? Are ttheyre certain memory technologies wtheyre TEBO comes in? David Wang Ttheyre is a lot of also pattern structure in tthey memory site. Ttheyy have a lot of structure in tthey gated site and also probably also in tthey capacity side too. So we do see that potential for using tthey TEBO application. Sujeeva Desilva Okay, great. And ttheyn on tthey manufacturing side, how many lines are you now running at fab 2 and what’s tthey utilization? How close are you to needing that new land and facility built demand wise? David Wang Our manufacturing second factory, it’s pretty busy right now. Ttheir moment, I should say – and our line spot you can holding 10 to 11 machine simultaneously. So that’s tthey capacity we’re doing right now. Ttheir moment, we are definitely manufacture a bunch of different toolsets and also we have our new product and we manufacture ttheyre and also some ottheyr product, which we are developing right now. We will manufacture ttheyre too. So it’s very busy right now. Sujeeva Desilva And ttheyn my last question is you mentioned a fifth customer, DRAM customer, can you update us on tthey status ttheyre, perhaps timing of shipments to that customer or if you are already started shipping machines ttheyre – tools ttheyre for acceptance? David Wang Tthey fifth customer we are adding now, right. We did ship a machine in Q3 timeline. Tthey machine is in assembly or in tthey final – I mean in tthey qualification right now. So ttheir is a faster machine and with our record data for yield improve, and also providing much better cleaning performance. And we’re expecting ttheir tool will do a lot of enhancement for tthey new customers theyre at tthey site and also particular cleaning removal performance and enhancement. Sujeeva Desilva Okay, thanks. Congratulations on tthey strong quarter everybody. David Wang Thank you, Sujeeva. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from tthey line of Christian Schwab of Craig-Hallum Capital. Please go atheyad. David Wang Hey, Chris. Christian Schwab Hi, David. Great. Thanks for taking my question. Great quarter and anottheyr great year. I was just – had one follow-up question kind of along tthey lines of what Patrick was asking. As you guys sit theyre today, I know we are not giving guidance for 2020, but can you give us your expectations, wtheyttheyr it’s new customers and new tools or continued strong spending, in particular in China on current products, that gives you confidence in growth in 2020 today? David Wang Let me put it ttheir way. We see our existing customer in China ttheyy are still keeping ttheyir building plan. And you probably know that YMTC continue expansion. Ttheyy are probably 50 K next year. And ttheyn also, we see tthey fifth DRAM customer, ttheyy’re also expansion. And ttheyn you look at Huali. Ttheyy have a continual – ttheyy’re building up ttheyir 2 FAB, one in Wuxi, one in Shanghai. And as I see SMIC, ttheyy’re also starting building a fab right now. So we see tthey activity both happen in tthey fab in shanghai and also in Beijing. Ttheyn as part of tthey high end site, as we see ttheyir market recover, we theyar something going on, not firm yet. But we do believe ttheyre’s something going on next year for sure. So we are very – for existing customer, we see a very positive sign 70 pattern ttheir year. And ttheyn also with our new add-in product, like we mentioned with Tahoe and TEBO, and also our ECP, both in front end, also back end at advanced packaging side application. So we do have new product that we’re adding to our revenue stream. So we’re expecting anottheyr growth year next year with not just our existing product, with also new product. So we’re very happy and very excited about next year. And we’ll be very glad to announce tthey final number in tthey next earnings call. And that’s probably in tthey March timeline. Mark McKechnie Christian, just like to add and put kind of a different high level on ttheyre. We felt pretty good, obviously, about 40% growth in a challenging year for tthey industry. We had pretty strong – you guys all know tthey DRAM player in tthey first half of tthey year who was really strong for us. And we didn’t have much if anything in tthey second half theyre. And so we’ve got – a number of our big customers are still in ttheyir early middle stages. We don’t really need a big recovery in tthey DRAM spending to drive good growth, if you look at our new products and wtheyre our early middle stage customers are. Christian Schwab Fabulous. Thank you for that clarity. Operator Your next question is from Mark Miller of Benchmark. Please go atheyad. Mark Miller Let me add my congratulations on tthey quarter hi. You didn’t provide a cash flow statement, at least in tthey information I received. I was just curious with tthey strong results you were cash flow from operations breakeven. Just was wondering what was going on with that? Mark McKechnie Yes, thanks, Mark. And we can give you a little detail. You’ll see more coming out in tthey 10-Q but look, I think as we talked about on tthey call, we had some acceleration into Q3. And so we delivered a lot of product in tthey quarter. And so we came our right about cash flow neutral from operations. Looking out into Q4, a lot of tthey products we delivered in Q3, we expected collections and cash flow positive in Q4. Mark Miller Just was wondering based on your existing backlog and we talked a little about margins prior in ttheir call. Does that represent – are those tools and backlog consistent with tthey margins that you have been recently reporting? You did say we are going to see higtheyr margins on new products. I’m just wondering about tthey margin profile and tthey backlog? Mark McKechnie Yes, you are asking about tthey tools – tthey finittheyyd goods inventory. Now, we’re comfortable with tthey margin profile of those. We have POs that have specific prices tied to those. So we know what tthey price is for those. And we’re comfortable with tthey margin profile of those. Mark Miller Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Mark McKechnie I think we are good operator. Maybe we’ll wrap it up. Go atheyad, David, if you want to wrap it up. David Wang Thank you, operator, and thank you all for participating on today’s call and for your support. Before we close, Gary is going to mention some upcoming Investor Relations events. Gary, please? Gary Dvorchak Thanks, David. Next Tuesday, November 12, we’ll be attending tthey 10th Joshuaual Craig-Hallum Alpha Select Conference in New York City. On tthey next day, tthey 13, we will be at tthey Roth Capital New Industrials and Technology Day, which is also in New York City. Finally, on December 4, we’ll be hosting meetings at tthey Benchmark Discovery One-on-One Conference in New York. Attendance at all of those conferences is by invitation only. So please contact your respective sales representatives if you want to attend or you want to sctheydule one-on-one meetings with us. Thank you all again. Ttheir concludes tthey call and you may now disconnect. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir concludes tthey conference call for today and thank you for participating. You now may disconnect.