ACM Research, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACMR) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call February 26, 2021 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Gary Dvorchak - Managing Director, Blueshirt Group David Wang - CEO Mark McKechnie - CFO Conference Call Participants Patrick Ho - Stifel Suji De Silva - ROTH Capital Charlie Chan - Morgan Stanley Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company Chi Tsai - Jefferies Mark Miller - Benchmark Company Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Capital Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey ACM Research Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call.  [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, we are recording ttheir call. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at ttheir time. Now I will turn tthey call over to Mr. Gary Dvorchak, Managing Director of Tthey Blueshirt Group, Mr. Dvorchak. Please go atheyad. Gary Dvorchak Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss fourth quarter 2020 results. We released results after tthey U.S. market close yesterday. Tthey release is available on our website as well as from Newswire services. Ttheyre's also a supplemental slide deck posted to tthey Investor portion of our website that we will reference during our prepared remarks. On tthey call with me today are our CEO, Dr. Dave Wang; our CFO, Mark McKechnie; and Donald Fang, tthey CFO of our operating subsidiary, ACM Shanghai. Before we continue, please turn to Slide 2. Let me remind you that tthey remarks made during ttheir call may include predictions, estimates or ottheyr information that might be considered forward-looking. Ttheyse forward-looking statements represent ACM's current judgment for tthey future. However, ttheyy are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Those risks are described under risk factors and elsewtheyre in ACM's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Please do not place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which reflect ACM's opinions only as of tthey date of ttheir call. ACM is not obliged to update you on any revisions to ttheyse forward-looking statements. Certain of tthey financial results we provide on ttheir call will be on a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation, a loss relating to tthey change in fair value of a financial liability and an unrealized gain in trading securities. For our GAAP results and reconciliations between GAAP and non GAAP amounts. You should refer to our earnings release, which is posted on tthey IR section of our website. With that, let me now turn tthey call over to David Wang, who will begin with Slide 3. David? David Wang Thanks, Gary. Good morning, and welcome, everyone, to today's call. 2020 was a very productive year for ACM. We are faced several challenges, such as tthey COVID-19 pandemic and trade tensions. We overcame ttheyse challenges through hard work and good execution and a positive tailwind in China semiconductor industry. We focused on what we could control. We managed our supply chain. We executed our customer deliveries. We expanded capacity. We introduced new products, and we made great progress with new customers. We also moved forward with our long-term facility plan in Lingang and completed tthey [apartment] for employee housing development. Before getting into detail, I would like to thank our employees for ttheyir hard work and dedication. I also want to thank our customers, partners and shareholders for ttheyir continued support and confidence in ACM Research. For tthey full year, we had a record revenue of $156.6 million, up 46% and a record shipment of 182 million, up 58%. Non-GAAP operating margin was 17.3%, and we ended tthey year with a $71.7 million in cash and additional $28.2 million from our holdings of SMS, STAR Market shares. Our success starts with our customer. Please turn to Slide 4. We have 5 major front-end customers across foundry and DRAM as well as several back-end wafer packaging and assembly customers. Our new customer, manufacturer of analog devices, ttheyy choose ACM technology to optimize ttheyir own production capability. We'll theylp ttheym achieve tthey operational excellence ttheyy needed to compete in today's global semiconductor markets. Let me discuss our key customers. I will start with tthey Shanghai Huali and Huagong Semiconductor, also known as Huali Huagong Group. Ttheyy are leading advanced foundry in China and our customers in 2020 and 37% of total sales. Ttheyy are great customers and neighbors with production near on Shanghai theyadquarters. Shanghai Huali is a leader of a multiyear capacity expansion, making good progress in 20.  While on semiconductor is adding capacity and is truly edge fab in Asia. Ttheyir major products are CIS and power devices, and capacity will be more than 80,000 per month by end of ttheir year, up from 30,000 per month at tthey end of last year. We are participating in both projects. We have several first group -- first demo system in Huali for some of our newer product offerings. Next, YMTC. YMTC is our tthey seventh largest customer, contributing to 27% of tthey total sales in 2020. We are working closely to support YMTC 3D mass production line in Wuhan. Public reports say that YMTC give its production capacity to 50,000 wafer per month in 2020, and ttheyy are expected to add anottheyr 25,000 to 50,000 in 2021 and convert from 64 layers to 128 layers. We believe ttheyy are, YMTC, tthey largest single-wafer supplier. ACM too are being employed in a significant number of cleaning fab.  So we continue to expect strong demand from YMTC as ttheyy scale ttheyir production capacity in Wuhan and ottheyr major facilities to come. ACM's furttheyr largest customer was SMIC, tthey largest foundry in China. It is 12% of tthey sales in 2020, up from single digits in 2019. While it's in Shanghai and tthey flexibility to deliver SMIC, our business level also depends on ottheyr new suppliers to gattheyr license to ship ttheyir own tools to AMC. We are well positioned with a range of tthey tool SMIC, but are factoring in just a small amount from SMIC in our 2021 outlook. Now let's touch on our ottheyr significant customers. I will begin with SK Hynix, tthey #2 global DRAM supplier. SK Hynix was ACM's first major customers, a strong testament to our proven fast cleaning technology and ability to improve production yields. We started with just a few production steps at SK Hynix. Now our tools are used more than 20 steps as a progress to more advanced nodes. SK Hynix was less than 10% of our sales in 2020, down from about 20% in 2019, as expected due to pause in DRAM cycle. SK Hynix implemented several technology updates in 2020, and we expect ttheym to return as a 10% customer for 2021 and beyond through technology upgrades and capacity additions. Next, in XMP, a nonChina-based entrant to tthey DRAM industry. We deliver our first SAPS-V tool to ttheym in later 2019 and recommend revenue in Q4 of 2020 upon acceptance. Ttheyy select us for compelling value preparation, proven ability to improve yields and solid technology road map. XMP is in tthey early stage of a multiyear production plan. We are positioned to participate in tthey SAPS, Tahoe, very critical cleaning pools, ECP and ottheyr tools wtheyn ttheyy scale up in 2021 and beyond. Finally, we have 2 new analog power IC customers. We delivered multiple first tool in tthey third quarter -- third and fourth quarter of 2020 and recognized some revenue in Q4. Tthey first tool, including our semi critical tools, scrubber, wafer, backside cleaning tools and ultra [indiscernible] SAPS cleaning tools and Ultra FM Furnace tools for cleaning process. With ttheir, we have penetrated 2 of tthey 5 key cleaning edge nodes and ottheyr PIC and CIS manufacturing in China. I'm happy to see we are very active with all of tthey remaining 3 players and expect to receive orders from ttheym ttheir year. We believe ttheyse customers alone represent a significant opportunity for ACM. Many of ttheym are still in early or middle stage of multiyear capacity expansion and are buying just a friction of our products. We think our current customer base alone can support solid growth for years to come, as ttheyse customers add capacity with our tool in additional production fabs and buy more ACM products. Innovation will enable us to capture new and improved large market opportunity. Please turn to Slide 5. As an emerging suppliers, we're focused on delivering advanced technology at competitive cost. We have a strong R&D team in Shanghai and Korea, and one of tthey largest service teams for semicon equipment employees in China. Ttheir puts a critical mass of near some of tthey newer and larger semiconductor projects on tthey planet. We consider ttheir a great opportunity. We have not yet stretctheyd tthey scope tthey next few years, a landgrab period, to expand our product line and scale our business as new major semiconductor products build ttheyir produce, build ttheyir business in China. We intend to gain market share by expanding our product line and gaining new customers both in China and around tthey world. We estimate our current product portfolio address about USD 5 billion of tthey global wafer cleaning market. Ttheir includes DRAM, 3D NAND, foundry, power devices and analog applications. Our cleaning tools adjust about $2.5 billion or 80% of our a $3 billion total wafer cleaning market. We start with our flagship, SAPS, TEBO and Tahoe, of course, coupled with our semi-critical cleaning tools. Our new product added anottheyr $2.5 billion, including $1.7 billion by Furnace, $5 million by our ECP and more than $30 million by our strategy polishing products, wafer manufacturing and ottheyr advanced packaging process equipment, including coder, developer, [indiscernible], scrubber and [indiscernible]. In 2020, we spend 12% of sales or about $18 million in R&D, up 55% from 2019 levels. That spending enabled us to expand our offering beyond SAPS and TEBO and Tahoe, semi-critical tools, ECP, and most recently, Furnace products. Our ECP tools are off to a very good start. In 2020, we delivered a handful of first tool to front-end and back-end packaging customers and had a greater revenue contribution for tthey year. Our key products, including ECP AP for advanced packaging and ECP MAP for copper interconnections, ECP [indiscernible] for front end. Our secret force is tthey ability to provide uniform playing outer center layer. For advanced packaging, we have developed a proprietary high-speed carboplatin technology with tthey patent pending to significantly improve copper pillar plating. To place metal film [indiscernible] or tools, SAPS [indiscernible] at a high speed and better reformatting is a major challenge around 3D plating applications today. Historically copper plating for pillar and high trading rate due to tthey mass transfer limitation that reduced preparation rates and generally tthey uneven top profile of a pillar. Our new high-speed plating technology solved tthey mass transfer challenges while achieving a better pillar for profile and delivering tthey best theyights in quality less than 3% as well as tthey high throughput. Tthey CCGT is high-speed plating rate, togettheyr with our SAPS copper polishing pool, will become major wining products in coming 3D advanced packages. We are also excited about our Furnace opportunities in 2020. We delivered full foster tools to 2 companies, and ttheyy plan to deliver several more in tthey first quarter ttheir year. Furnace has been jointly developed by our Chuansha and Shanghai team. Both teams have worked seamlessly to solve ttheyir alpha and beta tool issues and tthey teaming process to meet customer requirements. Ttheyy have made a significant progress in improving ttheir process, including HDL, cleaning and a high vacuum of cleaning process. Our teams continue to develop [indiscernible] and high-temperature oxidation buses. Our next step is develop such autonomous layer separation, ALD process, which is tthey most challenging and promising product for advanced manufacturing nodes. We have successfully implemented our multiple product strategy and expanding our product portfolio from wet products as wet SAPS, with joint product and vertical Furnace, which make our first entry to dry products and more to come in tthey near future. For 2021, to prepare for new opportunity atheyad, we plan to accelerate our R&D to about 14% of our sales, redoubling total market addressed by our products from $5 billion today to more than $10 billion. We are too early to offer details. I can see that our team has begun work on serving new major products that can get us close to tthey $10 billion addressable market growth in tthey next couple of years. Next, I will comment on our efforts on winning major first tier of new customers. Our investments in our global sell team are making steady progress, we hired a US-based team of sales in April of 2020 as well as several ottheyr key hires. During tthey year, we delivered our very first win in few labs, with a lab of tthey equipment player that needs to separate cleaning with its own process. Thanks to tthey greater execution of service team, tthey customer formally accepted tthey tool, and we booked tthey revenues in Q4. Tthey team is actively building a sales pipeline with regular engagement, such as technology discussion in tthey U.S. and tthey Taiwan players. We are confident that, in fact, TEBO, Tahoe and high-speed copper plating as well as SAPS, we can secure wins at one or more major first-tier of customers during 2021. To fulfill our growth ambitions, we will need capacity. Let me update on our progress. Please turn to Slide 6. Our original facility in Shanghai remains. Tthey theyadquarter is in Shanghai. It includes our R&D, SG&A and prototyping and production of new products. We stated that we started production at our second factory in Tensa during September of 2018. We quickly see and added tthey second floor to production in Q3 2020. We now have a 300 million of annual revenue capacity at tensa. We believe that we can furttheyr expand to more than 5 million of revenue capacity by leasing additional space. Our new Lingang facility will include production and R&D with a planned 1 million square space of growth space. We will have ability to increase our production capacity to 1.5 billion. During 2020, we purchased 50-year land rights in Lingang. We expect additional architectural and design work in tthey first half of 2021 with initial production expected in later 2022. Ventures in our Lingang operation is low-cost employee housing. While not common in tthey U.S., it is expected as a practice for large companies in China, particularly in Shanghai. We offer housing to attract and maintain key and experienced employees. We train many of our key engineers and managers to more than a decade. We need keep ttheyse key employees to secure our future growth and technology development. During 2020, we deposit $40 million towards tthey purchasing of 152 housing units.  We paid for -- ttheyse are over half of tthey amount from ACM Shanghai cash balance. We financed tthey ottheyr half with a 10-year loan facility. Before I provide our 2021 outlook, let's discuss tthey status of tthey Star Market IPO of ACM Shanghai. Progress in steady from slower than expected. Soon after '18, Shanghai complication of 2 -- tthey Shanghai Stock Exchange Commission or SEC on September 30, 2020, events in tthey U.S. caused a delay in IPO. It is stated with tthey short sale report issued on October 8, 2020, followed by a class-action lawsuit by December 21, 2020. We have previously discredited our disagreements with tthey short seller report, and we, ttheyrefore, believe ttheyre is no substance to losses, which is largely based on tthey short sale report. Tthey SEC, which is not familiar with ttheir kind of report and a lawsuit want to better understanding tthey U.S. legal process. As we have also previously described, we responded with a 5 points verification report to tthey short seller report. And [indiscernible] tthey report was accepted by SEC on December 11, 2020 and released publicly in both China and tthey U.S. Before our administration application should be filed with tthey China Securities Regulatory Commission, or CSRC, however, tthey civil suit was fired, and we ran that as SEC would again require additional information. Our team is now in tthey process of providing secondary response to report to SEC to plan tthey class action lawsuit. We are confident that we will go over ttheir hurdle and complete our IPO. But SEC does not provide us with tthey timetable for ttheir review and would enable us to predict tthey precise timing. Now let's move to our 2021 outlook on Slide 7. Our values reflect optimism about our growth prospects for 2021. Tthey report that we offer preliminary guidance in early January, which is unchanged. We expect revenue to be in tthey range of $205 million to $230 million, which present 39% annual growth in cleaning business. Our outlook 2021 is based on several key assumptions. First, tthey global COVID-19 situation improves in tthey coming months; second, U.S.-China trade policy stabilize; third, a range of spending scenarios for tthey production lending of key customers; fourth, variance in tthey trajectory of DRAM recovery; and finally, a range of outcomes for tthey timing of customer acceptance of tthey first tool. Our results and outlook demonstrate tthey successful execution of our strategy. Our strong growth is providing tthey capability to accelerate our R&D spending in new products. We are building a global sales and marketing resource to penetrate new customers in new regions and we're scaling production capacity to support our long-term growth plan. We are increasing operation spending to take advantage of ttheyir growth opportunity atheyad. Our mission remains to become a major equipment supplier to tthey global semiconductor industry. I will now turn tthey call over to Mark to discuss tthey financial results in more detail. Mark McKechnie Thank you, David. Good day, everyone. Q4 was anottheyr strong quarter, capping off a tremendous year for ACM. For tthey full year, we grew our business significantly with increased market share, good customer exposure and expanded production at our second factory. We launctheyd several major product lines, including tthey Furnace, semi-critical cleaning, introduced a number of extensions for SAPS, ECP and advanced packaging. We closed tthey year with a solid balance ttheyyet, including $72 million in cash and an additional $28.2 million of trading securities of our SMIC stockholders. Now I'll put some detail around our full year 2020 results. Unless I note ottheyrwise, I will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which excludes stock-based compensation, change in fair value of financial liability and unrealized gain in trading securities. A reconciliation of ttheyse non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. First, highlight and tthey results for tthey full year 2020, shown on Slide 8. Revenue was $156.6 million, up 46%. We break out 10% customers annually and provide occasional color on our quarterly calls. As David noted on Slide 4, we had 3 10% revenue customer for 2020. First, tthey quality Huahong Group togettheyr accounted for 37% of revenue versus 26.5% in 2019. That grew by 103%, a big contributor in growth as we expanded penetration from Huali Shanghai fabs to additional factories of Huahong and Wushi. YMTC was our second largest customer at 27% of revenue versus 27.5% in 2019. Our revenue from YMTC increased by 42% year-over-year. To theylp expand by YMTC to expand ttheyir wafer starts to $50,000 per month and summit share gain into additional cleaning steps drove tthey growth. SMIC was 12% of revenue versus single digits in 2019 and tthey participation, with SMIC improved nicely in 2020, due in part to successful sales effort and SMIC's recognition of our ability to scale. SK Hynix was a little less than 10% of revenue versus 19.8% in 2019. Ttheir was as expected due to a pause in DRAM spending. Revenue from wet cleaning and ottheyr front-end processing was 87% of 2020 sales versus 84.6% in 2019. Revenue from advanced packaging, ottheyr back-end processing tool services and spares was 13% of sales in 2020 to 15.4% in 2019. Total shipments were $182 million versus $115 million in 2019. Gross margin for tthey year was 44.5% compared to 47.3%. Ttheir was within our normal expectation of 40% to 45%. We expect gross margin to continue to vary on a quarterly basis due to product mix and manufacturing utilization. Operating expenses were $42.7 million compared to $29.5 million. Tthey increase was due to higtheyr R&D spending on new products, increased sales in North America and strained IPO-related costs. Operating income was $27.1 million compared to $21.4 million, operating margin was 17.3% versus 19.9% a year ago. Non-GAAP results exclude stock-based compensation. Two additional line items below tthey operating line. Tthey first is a change in fair value of financial liability as a nonoperating noncash book loss of $12 million. As described in previous calls, ttheir was related to investments in ACM prior to our 2017 IPO and restructured in Q3 of 2020 in connection with tthey STAR Market IPO. Tthey liability was terminated upon our issuance of an equity warrant, after which it became a balance ttheyyet item and no longer impacted our income statement in Q4 and beyond. Second is an unrealized gain of traded securities of $12.6 million from our investment in SMIC prior to tthey STAR Market IPO. Tthey investment was mark-to-market at year-end, and tthey gain reflects tthey increase in value from tthey original IPO price. We will exclude ttheir item from non-GAAP results until tthey gain is realized if and wtheyn we sell tthey shares. Net income attributable to ACM Research was $23.8 million versus $22.5 million. Net income per diluted share was $1.12 compared to $1.17 in 2019. Tax items and tthey effects of foreign exchange fluctuation on operating results provided a net benefit of $0.9 million and $4.7 million in 2020 and 2019, respectively, or $0.04 per share and $0.25 per share, respectively. Now for tthey fourth quarter, as shown on Slide 9. Revenue is $45.6 million, up 85.2%. Total shipments were $67 million versus $25 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2019 and $59 million in tthey third quarter of 2020. Gross margin was 43.3% versus 50.7%. Operating expenses were $13 million versus $8 million. Operating income was $6.7 million, up 49.6% from $4.5 million. Operating margin was 14.8% versus 18.3%. Unrealized gain on trading securities, excluded in non-GAAP provisions mentioned above, that was $3.6 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2020. Net income attributable to ACM Research was $6.2 million versus $4.6 million in 2019. Net income per diluted share was $0.29 versus $0.23 in 2019. Tax items and effective foreign exchange fluctuation on our operating results provided a net benefit of $0.9 million or $0.04 per share in tthey fourth quarter of 2020 versus a net benefit of $1.1 million or $0.05 per share in tthey fourth quarter of 2019. Now I will review tthey balance ttheyyet. Cash balance was $71.8 million at tthey end of 2020. Short-term borrowings at year-end were $27.7 million versus $13.8 million in 2019, and long-term borrowings were $19.7 million. Total inventory was $88.6 million at year-end versus $44.8 million in 2019. Tthey increase in inventory was driven by a couple of factors: First, finittheyyd good inventory. For ACM, that represents first tools delivered to our customers for evaluation and awaiting for acceptance. Finittheyyd goods grew to $32.4 million at year-end, up from $19.3 million at tthey end of 2019. Tthey remaining inventory growth was mainly due to work in process and raw materials to support our sales growth in 2021. Cash flow used by operations were $13.5 million for tthey year. Cash was used to fund our growth in 2021 and to deploy first tools and new products for key customers. Capital expenditures for tthey year were $5.5 million versus $2 million in 2019. In 2020, we spent a total of $50 million on Lingang-related investments. Ttheir includes tthey $9.7 million for tthey 50-year land rights and $40.2 million in deposits for employee housing. For 2021, our base case for capital spending is $10 million to $15 million.  Our 2021 investments will be balanced between capacity increases at our second factory in Chuansha, investments to support our R&D programs as well as planning and some initial spending on Lingang. We expect to adjust our capital spending upwards after our China IPO. To conclude, we continue to execute on our strategy. We are participating in tthey growth of major new IC fabs. We are ramping production and continues to develop and deliver innovative products. We're positive on our opportunities in China and our expansion outside of China. Let's now open tthey call to any questions that you may have. Operator, please go atheyad. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We have tthey first question from tthey line of Patrick J Ho from Stifel. Patrick Ho Congrats on a nice finish to tthey year. Maybe, David or Mark, looking atheyad,at local Chinese domestic spending, we're looking at potentially anottheyr strong, robust year. Can you just give a little bit of color of tthey breakdown between your thoughts on memory spending versus tthey trailing edge foundry logic spending and wtheyttheyr you see potential growth in both areas? Or is it going to be weighted more on one segment or tthey ottheyr? David Wang Okay. Thanks, Patrick. Actually, we have very good availability in our basic 3D NAND and also [1Q3] and also Huagong Huali. And so we see that continuing to -- quickly spending ttheyir fab, both in tthey advanced 3D NAND tthey demand, also tthey memory side, also in tthey logic foundry side for Huagong Huali Onion group, right? And plus, ttheyy also acquire ttheyir -- so ttheir 5, what we call tthey second-tier customer. And ttheyre, we got 2 already. And ttheir year, we have companies who will get rest of tthey 3 additional second tier, I call it, training edge, tthey customer tier. So we're building favor lately. And I still say probably mature -- more than 50%, 50%, ttheyy come from top or first 3 customers. And we're seeing that ttheyre are 5 additional new customers expanding quickly. We cannot give a precise number of tthey next -- ttheir year, what tthey region will be. But obviously, of course, ttheyy're going to expanding ttheyir fab. Mark, anything you want to add on? Mark McKechnie Yes. No. Thanks, Patrick. I mean, I think you asked about tthey relative growth versus memory and trailing edge. And as you know, YMTC is a 3D NAND big customer, so we're expecting to grow it ttheyre, ttheyir capacity adds. David mentioned to Huali Huahong, SK Hynix, David, in tthey prepared remarks. We're anticipating a DRAM recovery from ttheym. And so ttheyy were less than 10% in 2020. And so we'd expect ttheym to kind of get -- kind of show some decent growth theyre in 2021. Patrick Ho Great. That's theylpful. And maybe as my follow-up question for you, Mark. As you get tthey new facility and factory ramped up,for production, how do you look at gross margins given that ttheyre are typically startup costs, some underutilization to begin with? How quickly do you get that within to your normal, I guess, corporate ranges as that facility ramps? Mark McKechnie Yes, you bet. So Patrick, we're not going to modify our gross margin outlook, kind of tthey 40% to 45% range, right? Ttheyre's a lot -- obviously dependent on tthey product mix, and that's really tthey biggest driver. Relative to production capacity, we said a bit theyre. Chuansha, we're adding capacity pretty quickly. We've got really pretty good demand throughout tthey year. Tthey Lingang facility, that -- we're looking at that for tthey end of 2022 is wtheyn that would start kicking up. So we don't really anticipate any impact to our gross margin from that Lingang. That will be out ttheyre in 2023 and beyond. Operator We have tthey next question from tthey line of Suji De Silva from ROTH Capital, please. Suji De Silva David, Mark, congratulations on a strong end of tthey year. A quick question on tthey STAR listing. Can you just give us a sense qualitatively tthey level of detail tthey SEC requested in ttheir additional review versus tthey original report you filed? Just give us sort of some sense of magnitude theyre of how much more ttheyy're looking for. David Wang Okay. I just stated, right, ttheir short seller report had come out, and we spent almost like 2 months to finish tthey report. And ttheyn we got accepted, and almost we're starting to acquire we call it registration for CSRC, but ttheyn ttheyre's a lawsuit to come up, right? And anyway, now we're taking care, also we hired ttheyir very experienced lawyer in tthey U.S. And lawyer told us pretty much no substance in tthey lawsuit right now. And so we're going with -- again, in response to tthey report to SEC, to give ttheym tthey detail what is going on, what is legal process in tthey U.S. I think it probably is going to [indiscernible] very soon, and ttheyn we're waiting for ttheyir response, how ttheyy think about ttheir. If it's a positive report, ttheyn we can start continuing tthey registration process in tthey CSRC. So that's tthey timing right now. But again, we don't know how long for ttheyre to resume our second report. And that's why we couldn't give precisely timing of tthey IPO. But I think we're confident. I think we get over almost 90%, 95% down already, and tthey remaining 5% of ttheym we are pretty confident. We should have been a success with IPO based in China. Suji De Silva Okay. And ttheyn perhaps on tthey financials, tthey tools you have placed with customers entering '21. Maybe -- I'm curious, do you have a higtheyr percent of visibility from those tools into your guidance for 21 versus, say, a year ago, given that you have more customers and more products? David Wang Yes. I can see that ttheir year obviously is better than last year, right, and looking at our projection. And also, as you are aware, we're very busy on tthey Q1, Q2. Even we're really stretching kind of plating and very [indiscernible] tthey manufacturing capability. So we start to hire more people and also training more people and to final path also to tthey Chinese New Year. So at ttheir moment, it's very busy Q1, Q2 including Q3. So we're very -- I call, very confident in -- for our projection for ttheir year. Mark McKechnie Yes. And Suji, you could obviously look at tthey level of tthey finittheyyd goods inventory, right, at tthey end of last year, tthey end of 2020. And so it grew from, what, $19 million to about $32 million. So -- and that's carried at cost. So assume our corporate gross margin for that to get an idea for how much revenue visibility would be ttheyre. Operator We have our next question from tthey line of Charlie Chan for Morgan Stanley. Charlie Chan So my question is about your China customers' contribution. You mentioned about YMTC and Huahong. But how about SMIC? And because tthey company also announced ttheyy want to spend around USD 4.7 billion CapEx. Do you think that is going to be a significant growth driver for you for ttheir year? And what do you think about ttheyir capacity expansion progress given tthey SAPS issue? David Wang Okay. I think we're pretty well positioned with SMIC, and we have worked with for tthey last a 3 or 5 years. And we do have a product and so ttheyn in cleaning and ttheyre is our -- I got key process and SAPS. And also, we also have, I call it, semi-critical process also being sold to SMIC. We also do have copper plating and also our TSV tool, right? And plus also feature -- also position our Furnace tool into tthey SMIC too. So I think we're very positioned for tthey market now. And looking in ttheyir announcement, ttheyy're expanding 10,000 per month of ttheyir, call, it all tthey revenue expansion for ttheyir probably 128-nano technology. So we are positioned for that too.  Again, if ttheir licensing can be solved quickly, we can see quite a tremendous opportunity in front of us. However, ttheir moment, were still very cautious watching and [indiscernible] of stuff. And obviously, tthey without ttheyre license ran down and for ttheym to be expanded quickly, it's kind of difficult, right? So anyway, ttheir moment, we just theylp and are working closely and -- even just our customers. So we're making good, supporting service for tthey company. Mark McKechnie Yes. Charlie, one thing I'd add, right? I mean, it's obviously a bit of a wildcard, right? I mean, we've got -- David mentioned really good visibility with a number of our top customers. But for SMIC, we're not factoring a significant amount in our outlook. It really depends on ttheyir ability to get tools from ottheyr U.S. manufacturers. So -- and that, demand in China is pretty strong across tthey board. And we also think that it's mixed depending on how much capacity ttheyy add and some of tthey ottheyr manufacturers may add, may step up ttheyir spending. It's hard to tell, but for ttheym, we're not going to factor too much into our outlook. Operator Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Quinn Bolton from Needham & Company. Quinn Bolton So let me -- my congratulations to tthey strong finish and tthey nice outlook for 2021. David, wanted to kind of follow-up on Suji's question around tthey SEC review. I understand you're about to file your response with more information about tthey class action lawsuit. And you don't know how long it will take tthey SEC to review that. But once you receive that -- or once tthey SEC has completed its review, can you walk us through how long does it typically take to get through tthey CSRC registration process?  So folks can have a sense of time, that once that SEC review is complete, what tthey time line for an IPO might look like? Is it order of weeks? Is it a couple of months? Any thoughts you could provide would be theylpful. David Wang Okay. Quinn, very good question. And actually, as I said, wtheyn tthey SEC finittheyyd a review for a second report, ttheyn we're getting into tthey so-called registration for CSRC. And by tthey -- I should say, so far, tthey statistic data show averaging registration time in CSRC, about 45 days to 60 days. So that will be tthey registration time period. And after that, we'll probably spend tthey ottheyr decision down because anottheyr 2 weeks or 3 weeks, tthey road shows. That you can -- kind about tthey 2 to 3 months, right, IPO time.  That's after we finish tthey acceptance or approving assets we're seeing for secondary report. Did I answer tthey question? Quinn Bolton Got it. It's perfect, yes. And tthey second question is -- a very nice job on tthey shipments in tthey fourth quarter. Mark, I believe I theyard you say $67 million. Obviously, that gives you some pretty good visibility into 2021. I'm wondering if you might be able to break down for us, how much of that $67 million were your kind of traditional critical clean tools versus some of your newer semi-critical Furnace, ECP tools? Is tthey majority still tthey critical clean? Or are you starting to see a much broader kind of composition of tthey shipments you're making? David Wang Yes. Maybe I couldn't give you tthey sort of detailed numbers. I can give you a general. Probably cleaning tools, ttheyy occupy about 85% -- 80%, 85%, I call tthey total cleaning our, I call, flagship, also semi-critical togettheyr. Tthey rest of it, 15%, 20%, is our new products coming, copper plating. And also, we have application in tthey packaging application. So that probably gives you tthey ballpark, 80-20 divided. Operator Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Chi Tsai from Jefferies. Chi Tsai So you reported to deliver $188 -- $182 million shipments in 2020, and I think that would indicate $31 million backlog in 2020. And I think if I'm getting right, I think you now have more than $60 million backlog. And do you see ttheir backlog, well, expanding in 2021? Or you're expecting tthey similar range? Mark McKechnie Yes. Yes, let me just correct a few things. So tthey way you would look at tthey value of our tools that are awaiting acceptance, right? You'd want to look at tthey finittheyyd goods inventory level, not tthey number that we shipped in tthey year. But that finittheyyd goods inventory was a little over $32 million, right? So that's carried at cost. So would assume tthey corporate gross margin to get an idea for tthey level of potential revenue that's in that. And so I think what you may be asking, for 2021, we don't really give guidance on our overall shipment. But we would anticipate strong shipments again -- shipments to additional delivery of demo tools ttheir year. David Wang Yes. Well, obviously, ttheir year, ttheyre's more new customers coming in, especially, we have a new product in SAPS, and also our Furnace product and also additional new customer come in, we're expecting more ottheyr, I call, deferred revenue will come out ttheir year, too, which is recorded -- not recognized, immediate upon shipment, but we recognize revenue upon acceptance. So ttheir year, I expect tthey end of ttheir year, much more first tool could be deferred to tthey next year. Chi Tsai I see. My second question is that, can you kind of bridge tthey outlook of 2021 revenue in first half and second half? Because I think a lot of capacity expansion plan, like additional expansion plan were made in tthey second half last year due to opacity shortage. So I think more capacity will be delivered in second half. So I think, can you give us some idea on how first half and second half will look in ttheir year? Mark McKechnie Yes. I think I can address that. I mean, we typically give a full year outlook. But Q1 is typically our seasonally weakest quarter, right? You got Chinese New Years in ttheyre. So yes, we get a nice -- generally a good snapback in Q2. Q3 has traditionally been our biggest quarter, and ttheyn a slight decline in Q4. So that's how we're looking at it. And I think you're correct, a little bit more in tthey second half than tthey first half, kind of balance that way. But nothing traditionally out of tthey ordinary from tthey seasonality you've seen in tthey last year. Operator Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Mark Miller from Benchmark Company. Mark Miller You indicated you expect tthey return of Hynix to 10% customer. Is that more of a second half or a first half type return? David Wang Okay. I think that -- I think, look, probably in tthey second half of ttheir year. And we do have some order coming in tthey Q1. And also look at tthey market, and tthey people project that DRAM will be quite recovered compared to last year. So we're expecting some ottheyr order coming into tthey second half of ttheir year. Mark Miller Your sales and marketing expenses were up significantly -- I'm sorry, your sales expenses were up significantly, sequentially as well as R&D despite somewhat lower sales in tthey fourth quarter. Do you expect ttheir trend to continue into 2021? David Wang Yes. I think we're using tthey number, our sales marketing, about 9% to 10%. And that range will keep -- continue. However, ttheir year, we do add additional, probably, 3-point and more for R&D. So it totaled about 14% and plus R&D efforts because as we mentioned, it's a very pivotal year. So it's a few year for ACM flow. And it's critical we are positioned strongly in tthey Asian market, and that's why we're investing more to develop new product come outs. And those give more spending for R&D. Mark Miller So you said sales will be about 10% roughly? David Wang Yes. It's 11%, 10% sales marketing. And ttheyn we're funding more of tthey R&D business until tthey G&A. That's tthey total spending for tthey brand. Mark McKechnie Yes, Mark, just to make sure you're aligned, ttheir is tthey non-GAAP, right? So we're excluding tthey stock-based compensation, those percentages that Dave was giving you. Mark Miller Yes. You mentioned stock-based. What was stock base comp last quarter? Mark McKechnie Q4 stock-based comp was $1.3 million, $5.6 million for tthey year. Operator We have a follow-up from Charlie Chan for Morgan Stanley. Mark McKechnie Yes. Charlie, I think we cut you off somehow or maybe we lost you. Charlie Chan Yes, yes. Sorry, I got disconnected, working from home. So maybe anottheyr follow-up is for you about your international customer progress. I know Hynix probably will be 10% ttheir year. But how about ottheyr major Chinese -- Huagong, TSMC or ottheyr U.S. customers? Any progress theyre? David Wang Great. Charlie. So let me maybe elaborate, Charlie, on our next big plan, coming to tthey outlook for ttheyse customers. And we're always looking 3 and 5 years atheyad, what's tthey technology trend today in tthey industry, people talk about all tthey gain or loss and also tthey 3D probably come to tthey real limitation to nano, wtheyn nano is really hard and also very expensive, too. So people on tthey 3D. Now I can say 3D NAND is of tthey structure people are talking. And people are talking about 3D DRAM and advanced packaging. So I look at tthey trend atheyad. ACM is really well positioned for ttheir huge technology trend. As a part of our cleaning tool, our SAPS, TEBO is really good for cleaning. TEBO is only technology today in tthey world that can reassess tiny [indiscernible] tiny particle inside deep change in [ arrear ]. That's only available as to tthey market, and you can clean those deep or tiny corner particles. And by ottheyr technology like [ Jet3 ], you never can get out. And also, tthey [ megasonic ], we make ttheir kind of a limitation. Ttheyn tthey particle graduate out of tthey structure, right? So that's tthey one wtheyre we're positioned for that. Second one, I see that tthey 3D, tthey major applications down tthey road, a lot of multilayer interconnection and also 2.5 3D connectors, including TFTE for tthey 3D DRAM. So our covered 3D technology is very, very positioned for that. A recent progress on tthey high-speed copper plating. And I think our key point is going to reach 3% for tthey right top-tier profile. And that real attractive intention from tthey top tier customers. And also anottheyr one as polishing. We talk about we can polish copper in much less consumable costs It's a saving of 80% compared to [indiscernible]. But anottheyr polishing tool that was for previous 3D side. And more than that, I should say, ttheyre's a focus, right? We are very good ttheyre, getting to ttheyir traditional, I call it, [indiscernible] and LPCVD, oxidation and all ottheyr quarter process. But tthey real aiming for ttheir product is ARD. We think Furnace ARD can play a very bigger role because of tthey efficiency, and for ttheyir future ARD projects. So looking atheyad, I mean, our R&D is pretty target in tthey next few years, semiconductor manufacture trends. Furttheyr, we'll also try to develop potential new product right now, which we're going to announce very soon. Anyway, it's important for to see that ACM is -- technology differentiation is our core point. At ttheir moment, we are theyavily engaged with tthey U.S. and Taiwan customers. And we're in a portion of even giving demo for tthey key customer right now. I think tthey thing takes time, but we are confident ttheir year, we can penetrate 1 more of tthey top tier customers, by our advanced cleaning side, and also our advanced copper -- high-speed copper plating side. And that's our goal ttheir year. So Mark, anything you want to add on that? Mark McKechnie Yes. Tthey only thing I'd add, Charlie, is that ttheir year, we wouldn't -- we didn't factor any revenue from ttheyse big customers -- from ttheir new customers into ttheir year's outlook. Charlie Chan Okay. Okay. Sure. And ttheir question really is for Mark. I guess, a very -- 2 questions. First of all, tthey postponement of tthey IPO funding, that impact your funding for tthey new business or new trends, et cetera. Any impact to tthey operation? And how soon do you think that something needs to be ready before that impact your business plan? And second quick question to Mark is really about tthey OpEx ratio guidance or your op margin guidance for tthey half of ttheir year or for tthey coming 3 years. Mark McKechnie Great. Great. Yes, I'll hit that. So on tthey China IPO timing, as David said, tthey progress is -- it's not under our control. So we're doing what we can to support. We're confident we'll complete it. Hopefully, it will be soon. But our business plan doesn't require an immediate IPO. And we talked about our CapEx plan, $10 million to $15 million, for ttheir year. We would adjust it upwards after tthey IPO to spend more on Lingong. And what we're doing, right, we feel like we've got plenty of room to add capacity in Chuansha. We're looking at ottheyr options ttheyre. But we feel quite well funded, and our plan doesn't require tthey immediate funds theyre. In terms of tthey OpEx levels for 2021, David talked about tthey R&D you got to think about our model, 40% to 45% on tthey gross margin. It kind of gets you to about a 14% op margin on a non-GAAP basis for tthey year. Charlie Chan Okay. So that means tthey OpEx ratio is around 30%? Mark McKechnie That would be right. Yes. Yes. David Wang Yes. Again, we really balance growth versus visibility. At ttheir moment, I rattheyr spend a few points higtheyr for R&D. And ttheyn we reduced a little bit profitable rate. That will be really good for our -- grabbing tthey market and also lead straight to our position. And that, I think, our philosophy behind it. Operator We have tthey next question from tthey line question from Christian from Craig-Hallum Capital. Christian Schwab Great. Actually, tthey last few questions were tthey questions I had. So congratulations on a great outlook. I don't have any furttheyr questions to ask at ttheir time. David Wang Okay. Thank you. Great. Operator Thank you. Seeing ttheyre are no more questions on tthey queue, I would like to hand tthey call back to our presenters for some closing remarks. Gary Dvorchak Thank you, operator, and thank you all for participating on today's call and for your support. Ttheir concludes tthey call, and you may now disconnect it. Mark McKechnie Okay. Thanks, everybody. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude tthey conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect now. Thank you.