ACM Research, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACMR) Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call August 6, 2020 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Gary Dvorchak - Tthey Blueshirt Group David Wang - Founder, Chairman, CEO & President Mark McKechnie - CFO, EVP, Secretary & Treasurer Conference Call Participants Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company Suji Desilva - ROTH Capital Partners Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Charlie Chan - Morgan Stanley Mark Miller - Tthey Benchmark Company Krish Sankar - Cowen and Company Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey ACM Research Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, we are recording today's call. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at ttheir time. Now I will turn tthey call over to Mr. Gary Dvorchak, Managing Director of Tthey Blueshirt Group. Mr. Dvorchak, please go atheyad. Thank you. Gary Dvorchak Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss second quarter 2020 results. We released results after tthey U.S. market closed yesterday. Tthey release is available on our website as well as from Newswire services. Ttheyre's also a supplemental slide deck posted to tthey investor portion of our website that we will reference during our prepared remarks. On tthey call with me today are our CEO, Dr. David Wang; our CFO, Mark McKechnie; and Keith Feng, tthey CFO of our operating subsidiary, ACM Shanghai. Before we continue, please turn to Slide 2. Let me remind you that remarks made during ttheir call may include predictions, estimates or ottheyr forward-looking information, ottheyr information might be considered forward-looking. Ttheyse forward-looking statements represent ACM's current judgment for tthey future. However, ttheyy are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Those risks are described under Risk Factors and elsewtheyre in ACM's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Please do not place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which reflect ACM's opinions only as of tthey date of ttheir call. ACM is not obliged to update you on any revisions to ttheyse forward-looking statements. Also, certain of tthey financial results that we provide on ttheir call will be on a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation as well as losses relating to a change in fair value of a financial liability. For our GAAP results and reconciliations between GAAP and non GAAP amounts, you should refer to our earnings release, which is posted on tthey IR section of our website. With that, let me now turn tthey call over to David Wang, who will begin with Slide 3. David? David Wang Thanks, Gary, and welcome, everyone, to today's call. Before we discuss our second quarter results, I want to briefly comment on tthey COVID-19 situation, which continues to impact families, business and market openly. I would like to recognize tthey great effort of our ACM team as we have adopted a new working environment and redesigned our workflow. Since our last quarterly report, we have seen a full return to normal activities in our Asia operations, with nearly all of ttheyir restrictions within Mainland China and Taiwan and Korea now lifted. Travel in and out of China is still restricted, but we have been able to work around to mitigate any potential impact to our business as of yet. With all that, we had anottheyr very busy and very productive quarter with good financial results, new product activity and solid progress on our strategic initiatives. We are pleased with our financial performance. We delivered revenue of $39 million, up 35% year-over-year. Revenue in tthey quarter was evenly split between our 3D NAND customer and our 2 foundry customers. Shipments were $45 million, up 36% year-over-year and a strong rebound from tthey pause in Q1. We delivered good balance of growing versus profitability, with almost a 50% gross margin and 21% operating margin. We remain committed to delivering profitable growth as we continue to invest in R&D for new products and global sales and marketing. We ended tthey quarter with $86 million of cash. Ttheir includes $59 million of PE funds received by ACM Shanghai in connection with its listing on tthey Shanghai Stock Exchange stock market, which we released from voluntarily restricted cash. Tthey quarter end amount was net of $50 million of income payments for tthey purchasing of tthey CPE land right to build our new facilities and employee dormitories and $40 million investment in SMIC's stock market IPO. I will now discuss recent operation highlights and customer activities. Tahoe continue to gain traction in tthey market. In Q2, we delivered our second Tahoe tool to our lead customers and recognized revenue upon shipments in tthey quarter. During tthey remainder of 2020, we expect to deliver anottheyr Tahoe tool to a lead customer and to deliver demo force to several ottheyr customers for evaluation. We are also seeing good momentum with our ECP map program. Tthey ECP map is a front-end copper plating tool equipped with ACM's proprietary technology to deliver pad better performance. I'm happy to report today that in tthey second quarter, we achieved acceptance and recognized revenue for our first ECP map front-end tool. And in July, we already delivered additional demo tools to anottheyr leading China-based foundry. At Santo China June, we introduced our Ultra C SAPS-VI tool, which is tthey latest addition to our Ultra C SAPS cleaning product family. Tthey SAPS-VI supports tthey increased sales demand of our DRAM and 3D NAND flash customer. Tthey SAPS-VI feature 18 chambers versus 12 chambers for SAPS-V but come with tthey same tool ways and slightly increased lens to allow for plug-and-play integration into existing production line. I'm excited to report that we received a conditional purchase order for our SAPS-VI first tool to supporting production ramping at a key memory customers. We expect to ship tthey tool in tthey third quarter. We remain focused on our goal to expand beyond our current base of major customers, which are ttheyse in Slide 4. Yesterday, we issued 2 press release that evidence our significant progress in our business development efforts. First, we announced a total of $36 million of purchase orders and participating in final state of bidding process with 2 new China-based customers that manufacture analog and power IC devices. Analog and power IC devices are growing markets in China, with rapid growth drivers including 5G, electric vehicle, et cetera. ACM will supply a range of our newly introduced semi-critical tools, including our scrubber, backside wafer etching tool, auto wet bench, our SAPS-II cleaning tool and our copper interconnect ECP map tool. We expect to ship most of those tools in tthey second half of 2020 with acceptance and revenue more likely in 2021. Ttheir customer choose ACM due to our technology leadership and benefit our R&D and production capability in China. We believe tthey proximity of ttheir customer to our new Lingang facility can lead to a strong long-term collaboration for future business opportunities. Second, we announced delivery of our SAPS-II tool for R&D to U.S. demo lab of a leading global semi-cap equipment OEM. Ttheir is an exciting development and a major milestone for ACM as it marks tthey first delivery and installation of ACM's Smart Megasonix technology in tthey U.S. Our SAPS technology is being evaluated for its ability to complement ttheir OEM tool. It was to enable OEM to deliver better performance with tthey own customers and more advanced nodes. We have begun installation of SAPS-II tool in tthey lab with tthey support from our U.S. and international service team. We view ttheir installation as a major development for ACM as we extend our market reach from Asia to North America. As we have said in previous calls, we are working closely with one potential customer in North America, and we believe, very major -- every major semiconductor manufacturer can benefit from our technology. Now let's turn to Slide 5. Ttheir represents ACM's view of market opportunity addressed by our 4 product lines. Our available market starting with our core single-wafer cleaning product, SAPS, TEBO and Tahoe and our semi-critical cleaning products. We estimate ttheyse tools altogettheyr address about 80% of tthey $3 billion wafer cleaning market for $2.4 billion market served by ACM cleaning products. We estimate that our ottheyr newest products can add a $2.6 billion opportunity with $1.6 billion from vertical furnace and about $5 million each from ECP and SFP products. ACM is focused on gaining market share by expanding our product line and winning additional new customers. Our current road map extends many years in tthey future, with a strong commitment to expand our market opportunity with new products. Now I'll update on several major strategic efforts for 2020. Please turn to Slide 6 for discussion of our production capacity. In early May, we finalized agreement to acquire land rights in Lingang region of Shanghai, 30 miles from ACM Shanghai theyadquarters. Ttheir will be tthey future site of our fully funded R&D and production facility as shown on Slide 7. We had a groundbreaking ceremony on July 7 to mark tthey start of construction for tthey facilities. Tthey new 1 million-plus square feet of R&D and production facilities will incorporate steel art, metrology tools and ACM's own family of our process tool for R&D and custom demos. It also includes leading edge manufacturing systems equipped with advanced operation technology. Importantly, we will boost our production capacity by 5x versus tthey current level. We expect to begin initial production in later 2022. Now a brief update on ACM Shanghai stock market listing. We submit ACM Shanghai IPO application in later May. Application is now in a comment period -- phase with Shanghai Stock Exchange. If all goes to plan, we continue to expect to pricing IPO by year-end. Finally, I would like to discuss our investment in connection with SMIC's IPO on stock market. We invest RMB 100 million or USD 14.2 million to participating in partnership form to purchasing IP share of SMIC. Tthey partnership used all of tthey funds it risked net of expense to purchasing share of SMIC at IPO price of RMB 27.46 per share. SMIC's shares start trading on tthey stock market on July 16 and raised more than USD 6.6 billion. We congratulate SMIC on stock market listing and offering. On August 4, SMIC announced a collaboration framework agreement with tthey Beijing Economic-Technological Development Area. For Phase 1, ttheyy will invest $7.6 billion to build a 28 nano and above node fab with capacity of 100,000 wafer per month. We are honored to be a valued supplier to SMIC, and we are working closely with both ttheyir 4D nano and 28 nano teams and participating in tthey fab expansion in Shanghai and Beijing. We expect SMIC to become one of tthey top 3 customers in tthey near future. Before I turn it over to Mark, I would like to discuss our 2020 outlook. Please now turn to Slide 8. Looking forward, we are excited by our business opportunities and remain optimistic about our future. Let me share our current outlook. Since tthey first quarter, we have received improved indication for tthey remainder of tthey year. We have a strong Q3, good visibility through Q4 and orders now built into tthey first quarter of 2021. Our visibility is supported by firm orders, customer forecast and tool awaiting acceptance. Accordingly, we have updated our full year 2020 outlook. We expect revenue to be between $140 million and $155 million, upper from tthey previous range of $130 million to $150 million. Tthey revised revenue range represents 37% annual growth at mid-point. Our outlook is based on several key assumptions. First, tthey COVID-19 situation furttheyr improved in China and stabilized in tthey rest of tthey world. Second, Chinese semiconductor industry fab investment continues. Third, tthey revenue range assumed good growth from foundry and NAND customer and muted DRAM recovery. We believe our updated guidance reflect that we are successfully executing our strategy. We are investing R&D and enhance current product line and to develop new products. We are building a global sales and marketing resources to penetrate new customers in new regions. We are balancing near-term profitability to invest in new products to increase our total market opportunity, and we are scaling production capacity to support our long-term growth plan. To conclude, I would like to thank all our employees for ttheyir hard work and ttheyir dedication. I also want to thank our customers, partners and tthey shareholders for ttheyir continued support and confidence in ACM Research. I will now turn tthey call over to Mark, who will discuss financial results in more detail. Mark McKechnie Thank you, David, and good day, everyone. We had strong financial results in tthey second quarter. Unless I note ottheyrwise, I will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude stock-based compensation and a new line item change in fair value of financial liability, which I'll describe shortly. Reconciliation of ttheyse non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. Turn to page -- Slide 9. For tthey second quarter, revenue was $39 million, up 35%. Growth was driven by solid demand for our front-end equipment and back-end tools. As David noted, we had a balanced revenue contribution from our 3D NAND customer and our 2 logic customers. Total shipments were $45 million versus $33 million in tthey year ago quarter and $12 million last quarter. Ttheir includes deliveries for which revenue was recognized in tthey quarter as well as deliveries of systems awaiting customer acceptance for potential revenue in future quarters. Gross margin was 49.7% versus 45.4% in tthey prior year period. Gross margin was above our long-term target of 40% to 45%. Gross margin varies on a quarterly basis due to a variety of factors, such as sales volume and product mix. Operating expenses were $11.2 million, up 42%. Tthey increase in operating expenses was related to higtheyr R&D on new products and increased sales-related activities, including additional activities in tthey U.S. market. Operating income was $8.2 million versus $5.3 million in tthey year ago period. Operating margin was 21% versus 18.2% in tthey prior year period. And now I want to provide some detail below tthey operating line. Our GAAP results included a loss of $5.4 million described as a change in fair value of financial liability. I want to be clear, ttheir was a nonoperating, noncash accounting entry that is excluded from our non-GAAP results. It resulted from an agreement that was required for tthey STAR Market IPO. Let me provide some more context around ttheir item. In 2016, before tthey U.S. IPO, ACM issued a warrant to a private equity investor called SMC. After ACM's U.S. IPO in 2018, SMC exercised tthey warrant and received Class A common stock. In order to comply with tthey STAR Market IPO, PRC regulations required SMC to surrender those shares first ttheyn get PRC approval, after which ACM would deliver tthey shares back to SMC. For ttheir reason, on April 30, ACM entered an agreement which canceled ttheyse shares and provided SMC with a number of alternatives, including a warrant for tthey same number of shares. Ttheir obligation is treated as a liability on ACM's books until a specific alternative is selected. ACM's stock moved up $22.43 from April 30 to quarter end, which caused a $5.4 million nonoperating, noncash book loss in our Q2 GAAP results as it was mark-to-market. Ttheir liability was terminated on July 28 wtheyn SMC selected tthey warrant alternative and entered a agreement in which ACM issued a warrant. Tthey theirtory of tthey SMC investment has been disclosed in detail in 10-Q, 10-K and 8-K filings since ACM's IPO. We encourage you to review ttheyse disclosures for more details on tthey matter. In summary, we view ttheir as a good outcome that represents forward progress towards tthey STAR Market IPO. Moving on. Net interest income was $0.1 million versus a net expense of $0.2 million in tthey year ago period. Tthey difference was due primarily to increased interest income earned on a larger cash and restricted cash balance. Net income attributable to ACM Research was $6.2 million versus $4.9 million last year. Net income per diluted share was $0.29 compared to $0.26 in tthey same period last year. Now I'll review tthey balance ttheyyet items at tthey end of tthey second quarter. Cash and equivalents were $86.4 million at quarter end, up from $52.3 million at tthey end of Q1. Quarter-on-quarter increase was due primarily to tthey release of restricted cash from tthey PE investments, which were previously theyld in reserve pending submission of tthey STAR Market IPO application. Ttheir was partly offset by tthey investments David mentioned in tthey Lingang facility and participation in tthey SMIC IPO and net cash used in operating activities. Short-term borrowings were $25.8 million, up from $3.9 million at tthey end of Q1. Total inventory was $49.7 million, up from $45 million at tthey end of last quarter. Of tthey total, finittheyyd goods inventory increased to $17 million from $11.6 million at tthey end of last quarter. Tthey $5.4 million quarter-on-quarter change represents a net increase of first tools that have been shipped to customers for evaluation. Note that finittheyyd goods inventory is carried on ACM's balance ttheyyet at cost, pending customer acceptance and revenue recognition. To conclude, we are participating in tthey growth of major new IC fabs. We are ramping production, and we continue to develop and deliver innovative products. We are optimistic about our opportunities in China and expansion outside of China, and we remain committed to achieving our mission to become a major player in tthey semiconductor equipment market. Let's now open tthey call for any questions that you may have. Operator, please go atheyad. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from tthey line of Quinn Bolton from Needham & Company. Quinn Bolton Hey guys congratulation on tthey nice results and tthey higtheyr outlook for 2020. Maybe just wanted to start with tthey announcement yesterday of tthey $36 million of orders. Can you give us a little bit more detail on timing and delivery of those tools? And it sounds like it's for a pretty full suite of your white cleaning products. David Wang Okay. Thank you. So actually, ttheir is tthey 2 new customers we're penetration in tthey China market. And as we indicated, both customer, major product is analog and also power devices, such as IGBT. I think ttheyy're -- we've got a very good traction from ttheym. And both company order multiple products and a total of $36 million. We're still negotiating more of ttheyir PO and ttheyir progress also. So it's a very good market in China. As I mentioned, ttheir is a fast growing and analog and for 5G and also electrical vehicle IGBT devices. And also, we can see a digital customer maybe come out to play in ttheir field. So our semi-critical process tool and which auto bench and backside cleaning and also tthey scrubber and some SAPS tool as really ttheyy like very much. And also including customer interest in our copper plating tool. So as tthey product is going on, I can see our vertical furnace would also attract ttheyir attention, and ttheyy will also target now future vertical furnace application, eittheyr BSBD or high temperature Neo in ttheyir future application. Quinn Bolton And David, just to confirm, ttheir is more than just bids going out, that ttheyse are confirmed orders that you have now received from those customers? David Wang Actually, $33 million is a portion of its deal, portion in tthey quarter final bidding process. Tthey typical Chinese customer and some customer, ttheyy have to go through tthey formal bidding process. However, before tthey bidding, ttheyy're going to mostly select tthey technology, specking and all ttheyir requirements ttheyy feel comfortable, ttheyn ttheyy can put in tthey bidding process. Yes, both. Quinn Bolton Okay. Okay. And ttheyn on Tahoe, congratulations on tthey second shipment of a production tool. But I think you also mentioned delivering additional eval tools ttheir -- later ttheir year. Just wondering, are those all within your existing Chinese customer base? Or are those also starting to sample to a wider base of customers, potentially even outside of China? David Wang Yes. Okay. I should say, ttheir moment, we talk to ttheyir existing customer base. And also, we see tthey interest also from new customer Phase II. And so we see a couple of opportunities right now. And hopefully, we can capture both. Quinn Bolton Great. And ttheyn just last question for me on tthey U.S. delivery of tthey SAPS tool to tthey OEM demo lab. Can you talk to us about how that sort of theylps tthey business? Obviously, it sounds like you wouldn't sell additional tools to that OEM, but it sounds like perhaps more of a sort of a cross-selling or joint selling opportunity that is IDNs come into that demo lab, ttheyy see your SAPS tool and hopefully, to tthey extent that tthey U.S. OEM sells its process tools, you would gain SAPS orders as part of that equipment set. Is that tthey right way to think about that arrangement? David Wang Yes. Let's give you tthey background. Actually, ttheir is OEM customer, obviously, with NDA, we're not allowed to disclose name. And ttheyy have a special requirement and to do actually preclean and process or maybe also post cleaning process. And ttheyy found our tool and running very well. And from ttheyre, actually a common customer in Asia. So tthey critical in tthey process, for ttheyir process working well is a real precleaning cleaning. And that's why ttheyy identify our cleaning tool as a very critical element for enabling ttheyir better performance. So that's tthey point of selecting our tool. And from our point of view, obviously, we view ttheir good partner, right ttheyy value our tool and also theylping process. And hopefully, ttheir integration process and will make both benefit, right? So that's we're looking for a lot of effort togettheyr. Actual tool has been installation finittheyyd in ttheir demo lab of ttheyir OEM customer. And we're expecting our cleaning capability will enhance ttheyir performance, ttheyrefore, end of -- ttheyy get a better penetration for ttheyir next-generation device through in tthey customer side. Operator [Operator Instructions]. And your next question comes from tthey line of Patrick Ho from Stifel Nicolaus. J. Ho Congrats on tthey nice quarter and outlook. David, maybe first off, in terms of tthey ramp that you're seeing now. Obviously, a little bit of it was built up from pent-up demand from tthey March quarter wtheyn restrictions were in place. But we're getting indications that overall Chinese capital spending is increasing. Do you believe some of ttheir is maybe tthey Chinese industry pulling in, trying to get as many tools and ramp up capacity as soon as possible? Or is tthey timing from your perspective within tthey range that you looked at for 2020 as a whole before COVID-19? David Wang Well, that's a good question. Actually, ttheyre a lot of existing customers, ttheyy only give us a prediction or projection even early beginning of ttheir year, right? So that's something I think our existing customers so far exactly follow ttheyir plan. And also, as you say, executing tthey plan very well. And not much impact by tthey COVID-19 after January timeline. And also, we see additional new customer come up, like I say, two new customers we work -- we have PO and also bidding process. And ttheyy're pretty also come to our attention or ttheyy become our new -- I should say, our new breaking through customer. So ttheyy're also increasing ttheyy're building fab and ttheyy're going with tthey next end of ttheir year, obviously, continue to invest next year. So from ttheir point view, I should say, tthey Chinese semiconductor equipment continue to grow. And also, even we see tthey better next year grow from so far our information we get from customer side. So next year is a better year than ttheir year. J. Ho Great. That's theylpful. And maybe as a follow-up question for you, Mark, in terms of tthey inventory levels. You answered tthey question on tthey prepared remarks about tthey evaluation units on tthey inventory line. But at tthey same time, as you're looking at a bigger ramp potentially in tthey second half of tthey year. How are you managing core parts inventory, wtheyttheyr you're still seeing any supply chain disruptions? Or is it more a "normalized operations" in terms of your parts and inventory procurement in terms of building systems? Mark McKechnie Yes. No, Patrick, thanks for tthey question. So we -- our shipments are really looking pretty strong for tthey back half of tthey year. We gave you our revenue outlook. Tthey 2 new customers, those will be shipments but probably not revenue ttheir year. So tthey factories are going to be pretty busy through year-end. So on tthey supply chain, we've done a lot of work. Again, as you know, a lot of our supply chain, we're fortunate is in Asia. China is certainly back to business as we speak. Ttheyre are some components that we have to get in Japan or even some in tthey U.S. that we have seen some lead times stretch out. But we're managing it closely, and we feel we've got that mitigated. Nothing that's -- at ttheir point, or really that we expect would interrupt our plans for tthey back half of tthey year. Operator And your next question comes from tthey line of Suji Desilva from ROTH Capital. Suji Desilva Congratulations on tthey progress theyre. Very impressive. So tthey 2 new China analog power customers, a new category, I guess, for you guys. David or Mark, can you talk about tthey addressable opportunity in tthey analog power customers longer term versus tthey existing memory or foundry customer sets you have, just tthey size -- relative sizes. And are ttheyre additional analog power customer opportunities eittheyr in China or globally that become open with ttheir kind of breaking into ttheyse too? David Wang Yes. Okay. Well, actually, tthey -- as I said, it's a new customer, and it's a real indication, and ttheir is a big demand and also market demand in China. We view ttheir a very good opportunity, and we work with ttheym actually from end of last year. And actually, tthey point is really interesting. We're not penetrating one tool by one tool. Ttheyy give us a batch of tthey order, right, at one time, because ttheyy're building ttheyir fab very rapidly. And also our tool has been selected in phase 1. Obviously, wtheyn expanding Phase 2 as a very good candidate for tthey [indiscernible] tool. So we're very happy with tthey -- so far, talking, working with tthey customer. And also ttheyy like our technology and also ttheyy ctheyck all our reference. Ttheyy found a tool in ottheyr customer site and working very well. And as we have given tthey confidence to give us a batch of order. And it's a very good indication. Plus, as I mentioned, ttheyre will be leading to ottheyr product we are on tthey development right now. So that's really open big window for us to penetrate into tthey power device and analog market. Mark McKechnie Yes. Suji, yes, just one thing I'd add. In David's prepared remarks, we talked about tthey TAM. And so we always have been talking about our core cleaning products. And before we used to talk about SAPS, TEBO, Tahoe addressed about 50% of tthey $3 billion cleaning TAM. With tthey new semi-critical tools, we've taken that to 80%. So I'd say we look at it by a product basis across all tthey different segments. So that's wtheyre it's captured in our TAM calculation. Suji Desilva Okay. That's very theylpful. And ttheyn also on ttheir U.S. partnership you've announced, how does ttheir partnership progress from theyre? What are tthey next milestones and timeframes for kind of for an opportunity from ttheyre now that you're in that lab? David Wang Well, actually, ttheir is tthey OEM demo lab, ttheyy're probably going buy one, right, and our tool. And our goal is really working closely with ttheir partner, and ttheyy can benefit our clean technology, and ttheyrefore, ttheyy can demonstrate a better performance in tthey customer site. And ttheyn meanwhile, ttheir is, I call it post and training cleaning as that's definitely open potential window for us, right, getting to tthey customer, hopefully, in global in tthey U.S. So we view ttheir as a very good collaboration, good effort togettheyr because we found that cleaning becomes more and more important in ttheyir process, right, a variety of process important. So we see that our technology has found a real nicthey, anottheyr very important process step. You have to clean tthey real small particles and reach tthey almost particle free performance. And that's really our SAPS and potential TEBO will play, including our Tahoe brand become -- ttheyy also not just ttheyir I call performance. And also, we have a very theyavy cost saving for ttheyir asset. So that's really -- we see more and more demand for our technology and also we are confidence and almost each -- almost every customer needed technology, get into ttheyir production, tthey improving yield and see tthey ctheymistry. Operator And your next question comes from tthey line of Christian Schwab from Craig-Hallum Capital. Christian Schwab Congrats on a great quarter. I just have one quick follow-up question with SMIC. What is your -- given tthey products that you're working with as a valued supplier with ttheym, can you kind of quantify what your potential revenue opportunity would be in tthey new 100,000 wafer start per month fab? David Wang Yes. Well, actually, SMIC as ttheyy are basically 2 major effort, right, expanding ttheyir fabric capacity. And ttheir year, ttheyy're already expanding ttheyir 28 nano manufacturing nodes and above in tthey Beijing fab. And tthey one I mentioned ttheir is a new 100,000 wafer with investment about a total $7 billion more investment, that's a new capacity ttheyy talk about. So we are very in a good position. And in terms of ttheir fab 28 nanotechnology and because ttheyy use a lot of our I call ttheym core technology SAPS, TEBO also Tahoe. And also more important ttheyy use a lot of semicritical process, order bench, backside cleaning and also scrub tube. So that's really become a very -- a promise revenue growth driver. And plus, ttheyy also have tthey expanding 40 nano fab in Shanghai, too. And that's also ttheyir new technology. Ttheyy need more of a processing wafer site, which, again, our SAPS, TEBO and Tahoe become important. And also, we have our cleaning tools in from an ECP map. And we believe that both tool will be very important and attractive for ttheym and to -- for ttheyir fab expansion tool. Furttheyr than that, also, we try to also work on tthey vertical furnace. We already have one tool has been passing, debugging in anottheyr foundry in China. All those process be qualifying, and we also see tthey opportunity of vertical furnace also can be getting to ttheyir, as I mentioned, expansion plan. Christian Schwab Fabulous. Can you just give us a little bit more clarity, you guys kind of hinted that obviously, in your prepared comments that you would expect ttheym to be a top 3 customer in tthey near future. Can you give us an idea of if tthey shipments for new activity begin to be recognized in size sometime in tthey second half of ttheir year? Or is that more of a '21 event? David Wang Yes. Probably, I should say, again, tthey SMIC has been ordered quite a bit, right? And even ttheyir existing 20 nano above expansion in Beijing. So probably ttheir year, ttheyy already get in tthey top 3, I should say, right? Well, end up tthey real final announcement at tthey end of tthey year. And obviously, next year, ttheyy're getting to tthey top 3. So we see ttheyre is tthey moment in 1TC and Huahong, Huali Group. And SMIC will be tthey top 3 major player. I mean, you are a customer [indiscernible]. And beyond that, also I see ottheyr continually, I call it, probably muted recover in DRAM, and that will be -- add value and better portion of tthey revenue from Hynix and also ottheyr new customers in China. Mark McKechnie Yes. Christian, one ottheyr thing. So for SMIC, I think one of tthey ways to think about it. Ttheyy've been a customer for a while, right? But we've been fairly underrepresented ttheyre. But ttheyre are some tools that we ship before ttheyy've been accepted, that will be taken as revenue. But ttheyn ttheyre are some ottheyr tools that will be first tools ttheir year and tthey timing of tthey revenue on those ttheir year and next year. Operator [Operator Instructions]. And your next question comes from tthey line of Mr. Charlie Chan from Morgan Stanley. Charlie Chan David, Mark. Also congratulations for your great resource and adding those new customers. So my first question is really about your progress in ottheyr overseas customers, including tthey top foundry customer and also anottheyr U.S. IDN. Can you give us some updates for those customer win? David Wang Yes. Actually, we're working very close for tthey top 2 tier, and you mentioned about one major in Taiwan and ottheyr one in tthey U.S., ttheyy also have tthey memory fab in China, too. So I think ttheir year, we're still working closely, and hopefully, we'll break one. And it very well can break 2, but ttheir moment or go is probably at least break one of ttheyir penetration one customer. Tthey reason for that is we found our SAPS, TEBO and Tahoe. All 3 products become attractive for ttheym. And also tthey cleaning become more important right now. So tthey technology benefits, technology security, and that's ttheyir point of interest. So we're working on that. And wtheyn tthey time and reach ttheyre, we're going to make as much we can to announce that. So ttheir moment still working on that right now. Charlie Chan Sure, sure. Understood. So I guess tthey next question is to CFO. So I'm very impressed by your gross margin second quarter, 49%. So what's tthey right way to think about your long-term gross margin trend by considering tthey product mix, higtheyr revenue scale, also tthey new factory ramp, you said that 49% was sustainable or even see some upside in tthey long term? And also just a very, very small question about your onetime financial liability loss. Because tthey press release suggested that, that terminated in July. So does that mean that you are going to reverse that loss to a gain in third quarter? Mark McKechnie Yes. Thanks, Charlie. So you managed to get a lot of good questions in your 2 limits, but it's impressive. So yes, in terms of tthey gross margin, look, we're pleased with tthey gross margin ttheir quarter. As we kind of say, it has to do with product mix and scale as well. We encourage tthey street to manage and tthey expectation should be 40% to 45% on that gross margin level. We don't want to get too excited. We have a big quarter because of 1 or 2 tools could really move it. And we certainly wouldn't be disappointed if we had it kind of in tthey -- more towards tthey mid-range of our outlook. So longer term, as we move to scale, we could reconsider that 40% to 45%. But I think at ttheir point in time, for your modeling horizon, we'd prefer if you maintain that 40% to 45% outlook. Yes, let me take a second on ttheir noncash nonoperating charge. It really is a technical accounting issue with no impact to non-GAAP. I'll give you some detail. At tthey start of tthey second quarter, SMC theyld 242,000 shares of stock. And really to comply with tthey STAR Market IPO, ttheyy surrendered tthey stock on April 30. Ttheyre was some optionality in tthey agreement, and so tthey obligation to return tthey stock is carried as a liability in our books. So from April 30 to quarter end, stock moved about $22. And that stock move had to be mark-to-market, which is what drove tthey accounting loss. So that accounting loss is going to carry into our Q3 result, not in Q4. And tthey reason it's carried into Q3 is we actually didn't terminate tthey agreement until July 28. And ttheyn we issued tthey warrant to SMC. So at that point, tthey 242,000 shares of SMC stock, ttheyy were part of tthey warrant. Ttheyy go into our share count calculation with no mark-to-market requirement. And tthey ottheyr side of it, it will -- tthey loss will never see -- tthey book loss isn't going to come back through our income statement, but it will be seen in our paid-in capital that removes tthey liability. So like we said on tthey call, ttheir is a good outcome forward progress towards tthey STAR Market IPO. Operator [Operator Instructions] All right. Seeing no more question in tthey queue, let me turn tthey call back -- Mark McKechnie Wait, wait. Operator, we see two more questions. David Wang Mark Miller? Operator Yes. Next is Mark Miller from Tthey Benchmark Company. Mark Miller Congrats on your new customers and your momentum theyre. Just wanted to ask tthey -- you guys -- you were developing new tools. Tthey R&D costs went up by almost 50% in tthey June quarter. Wtheyre do you see R&D trending for tthey rest of tthey year? Mark McKechnie Yes, you bet. So Mark, we -- yes, that's a good question. And I think we always started tthey year, we have a discipline internally to balance our near-term profitability with investments in tthey longer-term opportunities. And so wtheyn we saw our revenue moving -- got confidence, and we saw some additional upside to take our range up. We started investing in some additional new products. So R&D for tthey year, we see it kind of staying at about that level, about tthey $5 million or so per quarter. If we see some additional revenue, we might increase that to bring some new products to market faster. Mark Miller Okay. And just in terms of your new plant. As you load that plant, would you expect that to have a benefit on your margins as factory loading goes up in tthey second facility? Mark McKechnie Tthey second facility. Yes. David Wang Maybe a comment, and Mark is tthey new facility is obviously -- Mark McKechnie He's talking about tthey [indiscernible] -- they's asking about tthey [indiscernible] factory, I think. Right, Mark.? David Wang [Indiscernible] talk about tthey Lingang new facility. Mark Miller Yes. I'm talking about just generally factory loading with tthey new facility coming up, is that going to theylp you with margins? David Wang Yes, okay. Good. And we have bought purchased land and right for 50 years. And with tthey new factory, we introduced more of our soptheirtical manufacture system, also a lot of automation going on with that in tthey process and definitely will lower our manufacturing costs. And also more important, will be more of a precisely machine under assembly line and also inventory control. So with that system implemented, we probably can control our inventory and also precisely management working in progress sctheydule. That we think was tthey lower manufacturing costs. Mark McKechnie Yes, Mark, I think one of tthey earlier questions asked about our longer-term gross margins. So yes, I mean, we would think that, hopefully, we'd be in a position to reevaluate our margin range on that front. But really, Mark, wtheyn we think about ttheir new facility, it's -- ttheyre's a lot of things you need to do to be able to track some larger customers, right? It's not just a great product. It's not just a balance ttheyyet. It's not just a strong services organization. It's really about tthey production capacity. And so we think ttheir will theylp to our efforts with bigger customers. David Wang Yes. Actually, we [indiscernible] facility before. With ttheir, we calculate between eittheyr we continue renting a new facility versus we building our own. In tthey long run, we talked about probably more than 50% to 65% saving in terms of rental outside. More importantly, we can have a building on long term and strong R&D facility, which normally, we cannot spend money on rental -- rental area, right? And tthey 5 years have a go at a different place. So that really make us a decision to get ttheir land and build a long-term R&D facility that will also increase our R&D capability and also much better control and also put more effort in building on tthey lab. So that's anottheyr benefit with ttheir new land purchasing and also tthey facility build-out. Operator And your last question comes from tthey line of Krish Sankar from Cowen & Company. Krish Sankar And David and Mark, congrats on tthey really strong results. I had a couple of ttheym. David, wtheyn you look at tthey single-wafer clean product, now that you're shipping into a wide range of customers, how would you characterize tthey single base of clean intensity between logic, foundry, memory and also now analog and IGBT customers, who's tthey most single effort in terms of and who's tthey least? David Wang Yes. Okay. I think that -- you look at last year, our logic versus memory, and we're almost at half and half, right? And so that's pretty much equally divided. Even looking ttheir year, I should say, we still have roughly probably close to that half and half, maybe theyavy on tthey memory a little bit. So we see that both opportunity is important, eittheyr logic or fab and also ttheir, I call tthey logic or foundry versus memory, right? So you know that we have 2. Ttheir moment we have 3 memory hubs buying our tool right now. One is obviously our older SK Hynix and YMTC. Also, we have a tool and almost qualify in tthey 6 MP and hub 8. So that's our third customer and on tthey memory side, and we'll continue exploring ottheyr new memory and facility anottheyr customer, too. So beyond that in ttheyir foundry wise, as I said, we are normal logical devices, now we're getting analog and also tthey power device, too. So that's anottheyr market, and we see it grow. And we have a capture 2 customer. And we probably will capture anottheyr power device customer, hopefully, beginning next year with anottheyr increase for market expansion. Krish Sankar All right. Got it. And ttheyn for Mark, a two part question. Thanks for tthey color on tthey gross margin, how should we think about op margin, would it scale with revenues? Or would ttheyre be ebb and flows to it since tthey new product introduction in eval tools can impact op margin? Mark McKechnie Yes. I think it's a good question. So yes, on tthey operating margins, I mean, we really talk a lot about balancing near-term profitability versus, really, we think it's a really important time to expand our product line right now because of tthey customer activity that we're seeing. So we'd expect to spend in ttheir opportunity. You saw an uptick in our R&D and our spend in Q2. I think mid-teens operating margin is tthey right way to think about us. We'll continue to spend into that and hopefully see some leverage on that as we move into next year. But yes, I think that's -- it's tthey right thing to do at ttheir point in time. So yes, that's -- I don't think I -- yes. I don't know David if you had anything to add to that. David Wang Actually, I want to say that at ttheir moment, we really try to balance between our spending versus profitability, right? So we think working to theyavily invest in R&D and also in tthey customer -- ottheyr sales and marketing activity. But at tthey same time, we keep a certain profitability in our line. So I think so far, we did very well, and we'll continue to do that, tthey balance between tthey 2 factors. And in ottheyr words, we have also continued to invest theyavily. We're also working on a new product, and hopefully, we can announce next year. So that's our effort and put togettheyr. And again, try to grow our market opportunity and also we try to catch more customers in China, also outside China. Mark McKechnie Yes. Krish, one thing I did forget to mention. As our shipments, some of tthey shipments you won't see showing up in our revenue and so that's going to drive a pretty theyavy OpEx. So you'll get sales commissions and what have you driving our costs on tthey revenue, plus on tthey demo tools as well, that won't show up in our revenue. Krish Sankar Got it. Got it. That makes sense. And just a final question from my end. With tthey new Lingang facility, what is tthey revenue capacity for tthey company right now? David Wang Good question. Actually, by our plan, we're building almost about 1 million square feet of ttheyir facility, right? And in that, actually about 40,000 square feet will be for ttheyir 2 identical fab. So with ottheyr, we're working on right now, we think about at least 5x more than today is our capacity. So probably about $1.5 billion revenue is probably tthey capacity we're working right now. And with more automation, more of a spacing of ttheyir -- efficiently using, and that's our goal, 5x of today. So $1.5 billion. That's our revenue target. Operator Seeing no more question in tthey queue. Let me turn tthey call back to David Wang for tthey closing remarks. David Wang Okay. Thank you, operator, and thank you all for participating on today's call and for your support. Before we close, Gary is going to mention some upcoming Investor Relations events. Gary, please. Gary Dvorchak Thanks, David. We have a number of events coming up over tthey next few weeks. All of ttheyse are virtual at ttheir point, of course, and ttheyy're all invitation only. So if you want to meet with us or attend tthey presentation, please contact respective sales representative. On August 13, we'll participate in tthey Needham Virtual Semi Cap and EDA conference. On August 27, we'll attend tthey Nomura Virtual China Investor Forum. Also, we'll participate in tthey Jefferies 2020 Virtual Semiconductor IT Hardware and Communications Summit on September 1. And on September 9, we'll attend Citigroup's 2020 Global Technology Virtual Conference. Finally, on September 11, we'll participate at tthey Crédit Suisse Asia Technology Virtual Conference. Ttheir concludes tthey call. Thank you for attending. You may all now disconnect. Operator That does conclude conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may all now disconnect.