ACM Research, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACMR) Q1 2021 Results Conference Call May 7, 2021 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Gary Dvorchak - Investor Relations David Wang - Chief Executive Officer Mark McKechnie - Chief Financial Officer James Fang - Chief Financial Officer of ACM Shanghai Conference Call Participants Patrick Ho - Stifel Donnie Teng - Nomura Suji Desilva - Roth Capital Partners Charlie Chan - Morgan Stanley Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Capital Group Chi Tsai - Jefferies Mark Miller - Tthey Benchmark Company Operator Good day, and thank you for standing by, welcome to tthey ACM Research First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers presentation ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today Gary Dvorchak, thank you . Please go atheyad. Gary Dvorchak Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss first quarter 2021 results. We released results after tthey U.S. market close yesterday. Tthey release is available on our website as well as from Newswire services. Ttheyre is also a supplemental slide deck posted to tthey Investor portion of our website that we will reference during our prepared remarks. On tthey call with me today are our CEO, Dr. David Wang; our CFO, Mark McKechnie; and James Fang, tthey CFO of our operating subsidiary, ACM Shanghai. Before we continue, please turn to Slide 2. Let me remind you that tthey remarks made during ttheir call may include predictions, estimates or ottheyr information that might be considered forward-looking. Ttheyse forward-looking statements represent ACM's current judgment for tthey future. However, ttheyy are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Those risks are described under risk factors and elsewtheyre in ACM's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Please do not place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which reflect ACM's opinions only as of tthey date of ttheir call. ACM is not obliged to update you on any revisions to ttheyse forward-looking statements. Certain of tthey financial results we provide on ttheir call will be on a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation, a loss relating to tthey change in fair value of a financial liability, and an unrealized gain in trading securities. For our GAAP results and reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP amounts, you should refer to our earnings release, which is posted on tthey IR section of our website. With that, let me now turn tthey call over to David Wang, who will begin with Slide 3. David. David Wang Thanks, Gary. Good day and welcome to today's call. We are off to a greater start with a solid results. For tthey first quarter, we delivered stronger revenue growth record shipments and excellent profitability. First quarter results demonstrates competitive strength of our technical expertise, strength of our product portfolio and our growing production scale. Revenue grew to 43.7 million, up 80% year-over-year. Shipment were 73 million, up from 67 million last year and up from four million in tthey first quarter of 2020. We delivered good balance of growth and profitability with a 41.4% gross margin and 11% operating margin. We are committed to deliver profitable growth as we continue to invest in R&D for new products and global sales and marketing. On tthey bottom-line we report $0.35 of net income per diluted share, up from $0.11 in tthey last year. We ended quarter with a 79 million of cash and also ACM market share were $27 million equivalent as of quarter end. I will now just cover recent operational highlights on Slide 4. First, our Q1 revenue growth was broader based, driven by current and new products and customers - and ottheyr products represents 73% of total sales in Q1 and grew 42%. Our advanced packaging and ottheyr process tools and service and tthey space business has coming for remaining 27%. Our revenue up six times year-over-year. As highlight on Slide 5, we have five major prime customers in foundry, and DRAM. We also have several back end packaging and customers. On newer customers, manufacture power and analog devices. As we discussed on our last call we have two of tthey five key trading edge nodes our analog, power IC, and tthey CIS manufacturing in China. I'm excited to share with you that during tthey first quarter, we receive orders. From additional one of tthey five key cleaning edge nodes customers. We are actively engaged with tthey remaining two players with a goal of receiving orders from one or both of ttheym later ttheir year. On top of that, during tthey first quarter, we also penetrate two additional advanced hydrogen houses and one compound semiconductor IC manufacturer. Looking forward, we believe our existing front end and back end customers alone represent a significant opportunity for ACM. Most of ttheym are still in early or middle stage or multiyear capacity expansions. And we expect to continue adding more new customers, as we believe every major semiconductor manufacturer can benefit from all technology. Second, we delivered total shipments of 74 million in tthey first quarter, anottheyr record for tthey company. Ttheir is a major accomplishment, especially during a Lunar New Year holiday period. It is strong testament to our production team, which have been aggressively adding capacity to meet tthey strong customer demand. As shown on Slide 6, our regional facility is on Pudong include our R&D, SG&A and prototyping and production of newer products. During tthey first quarter, we expanded tthey production capacity by reducing a second duty at our factory in Pudong. Ttheir will provide us with enough floor space to gradually increase our production capacity for more than 500 million up from current level of 350 million. Our long-term plan is to build a production center in Lingang region of Shanghai. Tthey one million square feet of floor space will enable us to increase our annual production capacity to 1.5 billion U.S. dollars. We expect additional architectural and design work to be completed ttheir quarter with initial production targets by tthey end of 2022. Third, we invested in our global sales team to hiring Jim Shaw to theyad our U.S. and Europe sales effort last year. We have added several ottheyr senior employees in tthey business development and tthey service team. Yesterday, we announced tthey addition of tthey [indiscernible], a 21-year veteran of a major U.S. semi cap equipment makers. [Indiscernible] will lead our US service and its delivery team we now have a seasoned or working world-class industry to drive our efforts to expand our business. So, additional major customer beyond our [indiscernible]. Our team remains deeply engaged in technology discussions and evaluation with tthey US and Taiwan based semiconductor manufacturers. We are making good progress and are confident that we can secure way at a one or more customers during 2021. Fourth, we continue to gain traction with our ECP goals. We are especially bullish on our opportunity for our ECP product line in - smaller geometry required advanced cleaning solutions. Meanwhile, back end at around packaging more important as tthey industrial shift to packaging innovation to drive a higtheyr performance as industry moving through post -. Our ECP product line includes tthey MAT for damage being covered in tthey connections tthey Tier 3, for through silicon via for - and for advanced packaging. ACM and ECP match products presents alternative differentiated solutions that can provide a uniform trading also since tthey layer. During per quarter, we introduced a proprietary high speed copper plating technology that can deliver improvement from tthey at a high throughput. We are especially important for advanced packaging customers; tthey higtheyst bidder capabilities combined with our proprietary technology to improve uniformity at a knowledge area give our ECP AB system a strong competitive position to win tthey market. Tthey tool support cover pewter bump for copper, nickel, and tin fever, since 3D and a high density fan out - wafers. Tthey ECP with a high speed of radiant arrays togettheyr with our FAD cover polishing tool for tthey job to grow and it becomes important providers in 3D advanced packaging. According to your development, status of advanced packaging industry 2020 report, tthey modified [indiscernible] was increase annually by 16% to 21% over tthey next four years. We believe tthey total global market for ECP will expand faster by up to three times from tthey present five million to up to 1.5 billion in tthey near future. Fifth, we recently bought an ultra FN furnace drypowder tool portfolio. We added different semiconductor manufacturer profits including, low pressure ctheymical vapors separation, or I have tthey - and third- party [indiscernible] build on reconfigurable systems, previously announced oxide, very nice high availability and high vacuum - process capability. Tthey alter FN furnace platform was tthey designed from tthey ground up to meet customers best in class requirements as devices continues to shift and increasing complexity. Because ttheyse devices are designed with a compressed fine geometry, providing consistent and stable theyat control is fair amount in maintaining wafer integrity. To meet ttheir demand, tthey ultra Ultra FM Heater features for primary control algorithm, which provide people with temporary control. We believe ttheyre is several first tools supporting tthey new applications in Q1 and expect to deliver additional units as we progress through tthey year. We also plan to add a high temperature outstation and probability to all furnace product line in tthey third quarter. Tthey next major development in our furttheyr roadmap is a batch of operation or ARD process, which review as a most challenging and promising product for manufacturing. Putting all togettheyr, we are making greater progress, growing our business with new product lines. Please turn to Slide 7. As noted in prior calls, our current product address a market more than five billion. Ttheir year we are committed to become a multi-product company. We are positive on tthey growing opportunity from our core critical tools including fab table and our Semi-Critical tools. We are also beginning to see meaningful contribution from newer products offering starting with ECP which we expect start ramping in 2021 and beyond, followed by our product, which expect to run in 2022 and beyond. As we mentioned last quarter, we have begun significant R&D investment in two major new product categories to achieve our long-term goal for double tthey total addressable market of our products from five billion to more than 10 billion. As ACM policy, we will provide detail on ttheir new product categories after we secured custom orders for first delivery. Before I provide our updated 2021 outlook, let's discuss tthey mark IPO of ACM Shanghai. We continue to make progress. Out team segment fabrication report to tthey Shanghai Stock Exchange Commission all have tthey in later March. Ttheir report plan tthey cost action last year - that was filed in U.S. last year related to tthey shorter report publittheyyd on October 8, 2020. We are responding to ottheyr important and manageable inquiry. We remain confident that we will receive approving from FFEC and ttheyn moving to CSRC with registration process to complete IPO that is consistent with tthey practice. So, as not to provide us with a time table that would enable us to predict tthey perfect timing of IPO. Now, let's moving in to our 2021 outlook on Page 8. Out guidance reflects optimism about our growth for 2021. We are reaffirming our guidance, our revenue in a range of 205 million to 230 million with 39% annual growth as we reported. Our outlook for 2021 is based on several key assumptions. First, tthey global COVID-19 situation continues to improve. Second, stability in tthey U.S. China trade policy. Third, our spending scenario for tthey production rent of key customers. Fourth, variance in tthey trajectory of DRAM recover and [indiscernible]. Finally a range of outcome for timing for customers acceptance offered to us. Our results and outlook demonstrate a successful fusion of our strategies. Our stronger growth is supporting acceleration, in tthey R&D spending and new products. We are building our global sales and marketing resource to penetrate tthey new customer a new region. And we are scaling production capacity to support our long-term. Our mission to become a major equipment supplier for tthey global semiconductor industry remains on-track. To conclude, I would like to thank our employees for ttheyir hard work and dedication. I also want to thank our customers, partners and shareholders for ttheyir continued support and tthey confident in tthey ACM Research. I will now turn tthey call over tthey Mark to discuss tthey financial results in more detail. Mark. Mark McKechnie Thank you, David. Good day to everyone. As David indicated we are off to a good start in 2021. I note ottheyrwise, I will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which excludes stock-based compensation, and unrealized gain in trading securities. A reconciliation of ttheyse non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. Now tthey first quarter shown on Slide 8. Revenue was 43.7 million up 79.6%. You may have noticed more detailed reporting of our revenue in yesterday's earnings release. Revenue for single-wafer cleaning tools, which include SAPS, TEBO, Tahoe and our Semi-Critical Clean was 32.4 million, up 42% from 22.89. Revenue for ECP furnace and ottheyr technologies 5.6 million versus zero in tthey first quarter of 2020, and revenue for advanced packaging excluding ECP. services and spares is 5.8 million versus 1.6 million in 2020. Total shipment were 74 million, versus 12 million in tthey first quarter of 2020, and 67 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2020. Ttheir includes delivery for revenue in tthey quarter and delivery systems awaiting customer acceptance for potential revenue in future quarters. As David mentioned, ttheir was anottheyr quarter of record shipments. Ttheir was a great accomplish by competent by our production team during our holiday shortening Lunar New Year period. Gross margin was 41.4% versus 42.2%. Ttheir was in our normal expectation of 40% to 45%. We expect gross margin to continue to vary on a quarterly basis due to a variety of factors including product mix, and manufacturing utilization. Operating expenses were 13.5 million versus 8.4. Tthey increase in operating expenses reflected higtheyr R&D on new products, sales related activity and preparations for tthey China serve market IPO. Operating income was 4.7 million up from 1.9 million, operating margin was 10.7% versus 7.8%. Unrealized loss on trading securities related to tthey change in market value of SMIC investments was $1 million in tthey first quarter of 2021. Note that we exclude ttheir non-cash item from our non-GAAP results. Tax benefit was 2.8 million versus tthey tax expense of 304,000 in tthey year ago period. Tthey benefit was because of stock options that were exercised during tthey quarter. Net income attributable to ACM Research was 7.7 million versus 2.4 million in tthey year ago period. Net income per diluted share was $0.35, compared to $0.11 in Q1 of 2020. Tax items in tthey effect of foreign exchange fluctuations and operating results provided net benefit 3.8 million to $0.17 per share in tthey first quarter of 2021 versus a net benefit of 0.6 million or $0.03 per share in tthey first quarter of 2020. Now I will review tthey selected balance ttheyyet items. Our cash balance was 78.8 million at tthey end of tthey first quarter, up from 71.8 million at tthey end of 2020. In addition to tthey cash balance, we also had traded securities as 27 million related to our SMIC investment. Short-term borrowing at quarter end were 23.5 million down from 26.1 million at tthey end of tthey fourth quarter of 2020. Long-term borrowings were 17.4 million. Total inventory was 103.2 million at quarter end, versus 88.6 million in tthey prior quarter. Tthey quarter-over-quarter increase in inventory was driven primarily but ttheyn growth in finittheyyd goods inventory. Ttheir represents first tools that have been delivered to customers for evaluation and are pending acceptance, and which grew to 47.1 million at tthey end of Q1 2.4 million at tthey end of Q4, combined balance of working process of raw materials was essentially unchanged over tthey same period. For 2021 our base case for capital spending is $10 million to $15 million. Our 2021, investments will be focused on catastropthey increases that are [indiscernible] of factories, investments to support R&D programs, throughout tthey planning at some initial spending on [Huahong] (Ph). In summary, we continue to execute on our strategy. We are participating tthey growth of major new IC fabs. We are ramping production with tthey keenly develop and deliver innovative products to broaden our array of customers. Were positive on our opportunities in China and expansion outside of China. We remain committed to achieving our mission becoming a major player in tthey semiconductor equipment market. Now let's open tthey call for any questions that you may have. Operator, please go atheyad. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Patrick Ho [Stifel]. Patrick Ho Thank you very much. And congrats on tthey nice quarter. Ttheir is first off in terms of tthey increase in inventories and tthey increase in shipments. Maybe Mark if you can just give a little bit of detail wtheyttheyr you experienced any component shortages or any supply constraints. Given that your revenue levels were very theyalthy, it doesn't seem like ttheyre were any issues but if you could detail, some of tthey issues you may have had to manage through during tthey quarter? Mark McKechnie Maybe I will let David go atheyad and start. David Wang Actually we sit at tthey main tthey higtheyr right we have got a lot of demand from tthey customer, eittheyr existing customers or new customers. We do feel pressure and our supply chain, our components leading time getting longer. So, in that ttheyrapy will actually project, project and ttheyrefore, were publittheyyd through some loan leading item. At tthey - that is purchasing from our vendor, try tthey managing tthey delivery time. But again, ttheir is something that is real dynamic changing, right and with some factories some supplies come out from tthey supply come out and because of vendor has - because various orders coming. So, I should say, yes, ttheyre is definitely challenging right now and I should say also maybe ttheyre especially tthey media and analyst theyre, we see that probably tthey delay orders trend will continue. So, it is good to have it but - as we can. Also expanding our capacity, hire more people and put a quality work and also tthey successful operation. So it is later in tthey year. Mark, you want anything to add on that? Mark McKechnie Actually David, I think you covered it well. We can have anottheyr question. Patrick Ho Yes. My follow-up question maybe you can talk - gross margin came in tthey range that you guys have previously talked of 45%. But at tthey same time, a lot of increasing utilization you also have start-up pull ups, all of ttheyse areas. Over tthey next couple of quarters, how do you look at those inflows and which were tthey biggest one we should be looking out for? Mark McKechnie Yes. You bet, Patrick. So, on tthey gross margin side, Q1 reported 41.4% in our normal 40% to 45% range. Ttheir is due to, it is almost due to product wins. So, Q1 we had a higtheyr mix of Semi-Critical and back end products, those carry over lower relative margin. And ttheyse are new early stage products and haven't necessarily hit tthey volume or we have significant amount on ttheym. So, tthey newer products, we do expect tthey margins on those products to mature, many balance that Tthey ottheyr side of tthey mix is our ship trading tools and wtheyre we get very good margins. So, no change to our projected gross margin range of 40% to 45%. David, you have anything to add? David Wang Yes. As Mark covered it really well, as you pointed out clearly, ttheyre is a mix between tthey low products and high margin products. And our I think as time going on as volume increase ttheyre, Semi-Critical coming in for and [indiscernible] as volume increase we can increase our manufacturing efficiency. We have a higtheyr quality and ttheyrefore tthey increased margin and pricing also cost of manufacturing. So, I think is within our range of 40% to 45% and we are confident that will continue in our range and as time going on we will try to increase our efficiency and also increase product quality and ttheyn more stable process [indiscernible] and gross margin. Patrick Ho Great. Thank you very much. Operator You have a question from line of Donnie Teng [Nomura]. Donnie Teng Hi. Good evening, David and Mark. Congrats on a good results. Tthey first question is regarding to your shipment and revenue. So, it looks we have strong shipment trends in tthey second quarter 2020. But, it look like our sales trend is like, our sales trend was a little slower since fourth quarter last year and tthey gap between shipment and sales is getting bigger and bigger. So, I understand that we need to shift to customers first and ttheyn wait for customers acceptance. So, just wondering how are we able to resolve ttheir kind of huge gap going forward? And is ttheyre any, if you are seeing any longer acceptance period by your customers or is ttheyre any ottheyr issue? Thank you. David Wang Okay. Ronnie, thank you. As we look in tthey last year or ttheir year, to what just ttheir year quarter, we see ttheyir a new getting or increase a new customer, right, normally a new customer, even for tthey I coordinate mature existing products. And ttheyy are not a recurring revenue until ttheyy quantify ttheyir policy in tthey production line, right, although a lot of new customer, ttheyre is new production line. So, ttheir relatively tthey longer time, to prequalify mature products. Meanwhile, also were shipping from new tools, to tthey existing customer compared to like you mentioned wtheyrever, vertical - and also have advanced packaging tool for ttheyir - . And also, we have a front end of [indiscernible]. So those kind of, it is tthey new, even for new customer or for tthey existing customers, those will take a longer time than normal expectations. Again, ttheyre is a process we have to go through as a matter of tthey semiconductor business wtheyre, tied with all bad supporting, and tthey meet tthey customer requirements for supporting and fix tthey any problem happen, eittheyr, but I mean, that is our goal, right. But I think, looking at theirtory so far, wtheyre we have confidence, and all of every first tool, or our first tthey customer, new customer, we have got our tool. So, like, is that as a matter of timing, but we will go through that process. And Mark, anything you want to add on that? Mark McKechnie Yes, no, I think you covered well, and I don't think we can we haven't seen any change in tthey, in tthey timing of tthey substance rates at abroad level. A product part of our outlook is tougtheyr for, wtheyn we are getting acceptance on those and so wtheyn we mentioned that as one of our guidance dependencies. Donnie Teng So, simply to say, that we are extending tthey new more and more and more new equipment. So more shipment but probably longer preparation time. Is that correct? David Wang Really, actually, it depends on tthey product, right? And some product, we have got our senses that we do six months, but I should say regularly, say six month, a one year timeline, and we will do a series on difficulty, a tool or maybe going longer than one year right. So, but I say major our tool got to quantify within six months and one year time line, that time should be no change. Donnie Teng And my second question is really regarding to your full-year guidance. So, based on tthey very strong and actually, as you have seen a lot of foundry or memory companies have started to add CapEx. So, just wondering if ttheyre is any chance that our sales momentum in tthey second quarter or beyond to be stronger than our expected. And also could you comment on tthey Euro market although because highly sales were quite slow last year and so I was just wondering wtheyn are we seeing a DRAM sales from DRAM can start to pick-up ttheir year? Thank you. David Wang Okay. Yes, good question. Actually we see ttheyy are like that we see tthey demand become stronger and I mean, our Q2 our Q1 was very busy. I can say for tthey Q2 - and even tthey Q3 and Q4 is a pretty high, right. I work on amazing Wednesdays because of a new customer new product come out and we are really balancing it in tthey revenue versus tthey shipment. And if I say for maximum revenue, obviously I should take it on appeal or you are risking customers order. However, we also balanced ttheyir new customer and a new tool. So, it is really kind of innovators dilemma theyre right. We need to maintain good tthey new customer future revenue at tthey same time wtheyttheyr we - some deliver for tthey existing or tthey order. So, I think we are going to make a very good balance in that and ttheyn lead tthey revenue obviously and at ttheyn tthey same time we also have new product or new customer. Right, that is what we did for your first question. For tthey second one, probably you see, we also notice that ttheyre is a our customer Hynix and probably we didn't increase ttheyir spending ttheir year, 2022 spending for tthey 2021. I have very good news and media from ottheyr vendor feels long leading item wtheyn we make that some indication, it more to assume real actually working with our customer. And maybe I can report to you, an issue of tthey database so ttheir moment we are still kind of waiting for ttheyir instructions for tthey DRAM. Donnie Teng Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. We have a question from tthey line of Suji De Silva [Roth Capital Partners]. Suji De Silva Hi, David. Hi, Mark. Congratulations on tthey progress theyre. Can you talk maybe my belief - that tthey lead times your according to your customers versus three months ago and your ability to meet demand wtheyttheyr it is surging or wtheyttheyr it is been pretty steady? Can you control your own manufacturing? David Wang You are asking our leading time right now. Is that correct? Suji De Silva Yes, your lead times, according to your customers if ttheyy are extending it all? David Wang Okay right, you can apply that, right. I should say I will normal leading time used to be about four months. And obviously not away extended right? In some product, you can go through five months, and some even go longer. Reason for that is a certain component or system or several components. We will get a longer and longer order time and we will need a time ttheyre. So, which is our vendors supplying major turnover, delay. Furttheyr, obviously we have a volume manufacture - and as I mentioned, we are expanding our manufacturer of phasing right now. We are going to hire more people. So, that was a secondary factor which is eittheyr right now. So answer to your is yes, we do see our new desire for our product and get a longer average, I should say between five to six months right now. Suji De Silva Okay, great. And ttheyn you mentioned in tthey press release global customers and opportunity ttheyre. Can you update us on remaining steps like additional customers? It sounds like you have visibility for shipments potentially into qualification ttheyre. But any color ttheyre will be theylpful? David Wang Yes. I think we are actively working with tthey customers and making that as we mentioned and we did it months ago to demo for one customer and so far tthey result ttheyre is satisfied and we are in kind of negotiation right now. So, hopefully we can win tthey customer and which is a timeline. Also we are working with additional ottheyr first tier customers too. As we mentioned our we got a one ttheir year maybe we make it more, that is our goal. Suji De Silva Okay. Thanks. One last question on IPO. Do you have a sense that, tthey report you filed, you need to have furttheyr comments or responses or a second report required? Do you have any remaining steps like ttheyse? Thanks. David Wang Good question. I think we are actively working on it for 3, 4 months, right, and we have seen same thing in China. And in tthey process in China theyre [indiscernible] and ttheyre are some report of early in tthey February, March timeline and ttheyy are continue to be more material and more so. We are in very active dialogue and engagement with tthey - so by April 30, we are looking to I think tthey report what are tthey requirement to almost finish [indiscernible] and working for ttheym to make final acceptance and that we are not getting yet. And I should say, wtheyn we expect all tthey report with tthey acceptance finish, ttheyn I think we are moving to tthey registration process with CSRC. So, we are now in a final phase of tthey acceptance of report and ttheyn we are pretty close to registration for tthey CSRC that is right now. Suji De Silva Okay. Great. Thanks guys. Operator You have a question from tthey line of Charlie Chan [Morgan Stanley]. Charlie Chan Hi, David. Hi, Mark. Congratulation for results. Just to follow that question from Suji about IPO timing. So, wtheyn your report get affected by does that means ttheyy need to anottheyr to review tthey documents or just needs to be quicker. David Wang Well, it is hard to predict, right. I mean, as I said, we see tthey products that are 95% of our job already and hoping 99% or 100%, right or it is something that we have to add more. But I think at tthey moment, we don’t know yet. It can be one, two week, can be more weeks. At ttheir moment, I should say that is what we have right now. Tthey primary acceptance now that [indiscernible] but we believe we did a most we can do and with something whatever ttheyse request so far. And our team, our thinkers, our lawyers, and also including or you firm, our team did a great job. So, ttheir moment, tthey best way, we definitely know patient weakness right. Charlie Chan Okay, got it. And I think that Donnie asked tthey question, I tried to ask, I mean you see a foundries I guess, Vanguard UNC [indiscernible] revised out ttheyir CapEx, right. Maybe you saw it 50% and 70%. Do you see a similar abort revision of your customers, especially in China over tthey past half that two months? David Wang Again, obviously, you can see that, in Intel and just on tthey - ttheyre make a very, faster or and you announced tthey bigger expansions, right. Again, I'm in China, our customers in China right now, ttheyy have a multiyear expansion plan, right. And I don't see that now two months tthey market is changing. However, tthey keeper, ttheyy are feeding feed-up, and also ttheyre, again, if you are not in US and Beijing right now. So, we have seen more of a demand for existing customer, more than that is also, second tier customer, as I mentioned, five cleaning edge to customer, ttheyy also see that ttheyre also at least anottheyr maybe more than right, people coming out. Ttheyre is a lot of demand ttheyre in China, and [indiscernible] ttheyy are probably still. I theyard somebody say ttheyy got some license, as ttheyre was some waiting for some license but rest of ottheyr customer in China, ttheyy are keeping --. And also I can see that ttheyir demand is stronger. And now like to give ttheym a [indiscernible]. And more I agree, gradually and stronger, stronger not I see tthey in tthey customers in China. Charlie Chan And ttheyn, and also good, good control on OpEx in first quarter, I mean it is 33% of OpEx ratio. So, maybe ttheir questions to Mark. So, for tthey upcoming two to three years period still - do you still do think tthey organization will still be around 30%? Is that kind of right, by tthey assumption for tthey coming two or three years? Mark McKechnie Yes, Charlie, on that front. I mean, obviously, we cannot guide a lot on that area. But ttheir year, we are investing pretty theyavily at R&D, sales and marketing, what have been so. So, a few years, we would obviously like to see some leverage, and some better leverage on tthey top line. Longer term, we would get our top line faster than our operating expenses. David Wang Maybe I think to add one sentence ttheyre. I think next few years definitely we are continuing in less R&D, right. As I mentioned, we do have additional friends or furttheyr demand to grow new products. And that will put more R&D in next few year, obviously. So, R&D number one, investment and continually furttheyr itself modeling will continue to as we are very good. I call ttheir sales marketing in tthey Mainland China as I'm having in Korea, however we do we do think [indiscernible] in Taiwan, in tthey U.S., maybe tthey fusion is in Europe. So, that is market itself can do tthey investment too, right. So, can you give me a measurement too, right. So, in tthey next few years, I think tthey real balance between profitability versus growth opportunity. So, we are probably need to put more effort on ttheyir growth opportunity right in sales and marketing, our product development, that is our major spending areas. Charlie Chan Yes. That bring me to my last question. David, can you give us some direction or timing about wtheyn are you going to add a new - and can you update your 10? I think currently it is like five billion and any - you expand to 10 in tthey coming year? David Wang Yes. That is a good question. Actually, as I mentioned, in tthey last earnings call. We already doing two new products development actually, right. And one is earlier and one is later. I think ttheyre probably maybe by beginning next year for our first product and ttheyn hopefully we can get second one come out later next year that is a timeline. We are already, I mean, started ttheir initial quarter feasibility study and initial R&D, almost a year ago, right. So it takes time, but ttheyse are excellent team both in Korea and in China. And I think ttheyy are very efficient and also we have very good sales channel and customer requirements and also with our sovereign control and system, all look kind of thing are real adding our speed from R&D part to tthey market. So, we will continue our efforts and ttheir will be two new product and have additional five billion addressable market. So, added to our existing five billion as we think about tthey future of product addressable size, would be beyond 10 billion that is our target and goal. Charlie Chan Okay. Great. Thanks for your answers. Thank you. Operator You have a question from tthey line of Quinn Bolton [Needham & Company]. Quinn Bolton Sorry, guys. I was on mute. Congratulations on tthey results. With start of tthey shipments, you have seen very strong shipments of tthey past three quarters increasing from 59 million in tthey third quarter to 74 million theyre in first quarter. Is ttheyre any reason why you would think that, that trend in shipments would take a big step down over tthey next couple of quarters, or do you expect shipments to remain at pretty theyalthy levels? David Wang Yes. Quinn, very good question. I think our shipment continue would be probably increased, right. That is what happened theyre - wtheyre PAC was appeal, right. However, we are struggling to make manufacturing capacity increase. And we are also balancing tthey deal versus new tool. So, that is what right now. Obviously, ttheyre is anottheyr factor we will know is tthey supply chain is hiding right now and especially to some non-leading items in - that is wtheyre I'm struggling right now. Yes, I mean, we tried to do our best managing our supply chain and also manage our manufacturer capacity with a good that people and good quantity. And so, we see that shipment will continue to increase in tthey next few quarters. Quinn Bolton Great. Thanks for tthey additional disclosure on tthey revenue break down by back end and bill pay. What is very impressive is tthey growth in tthey advanced packaging or tthey backend wtheyre revenue was up by about 10 times versus last year and backend now sort of somewtheyre between 25% and 30% of revenue. I guess, as you guys look forward, can you give us some sense of wtheyre do you think tthey split will be 2021 between tthey leaning and front-end tools versus tthey advanced packaging and ottheyr backend tools? David Wang Yes. And I can get ttheyre and what is driving for as tthey ratio go up is our copper - right. And ttheyy are, obviously ttheyy are, - much high than ottheyr older developer and community. So that is a really amazing driving force and we will see that trend continue increase and that is why I mentioned - become renting ttheir year next year, and that we will continue next year. And that will be real driving our packaging revenue continue go up. And obviously you also have a front end of a - community grow too, right. And so for us tthey [indiscernible] yes. Tthey major driving force for tthey, at tthey moment are tthey [indiscernible] and for tthey applications. Quinn Bolton But, David do you think that tthey mix stay at roughly 75%, say 25% front end versus back end in 2021. Is that about tthey right mix for folks you are thinking about? David Wang Good question. And I couldn't give you that firm answer, right. And we had been in tthey [indiscernible] right. You can see that or continue to get more attraction and our furnace right that is what is tthey renting and ttheyn for tthey products. So, that is what we add additional ttheyre and ttheyn it also say tthey front end keep going too. So, I think about an issue, but I don't know how much of that would be precisely matctheys, right. Maybe go slightly higtheyr, maybe slightly lower. But I can see ttheyre both side continue to grow, right. Quinn Bolton Thank you David. Operator Next question from tthey line of Christian Schwab [Craig-Hallum Capital Group]. Christian Schwab Hey guys. Congratulations on a great start to tthey year. Most of my questions have been answered. I just have one quick, as we are look at your guidance for calendar year 2021. To me, tthey peers, kind of conservative, given tthey spending trends in some of tthey leading customers that you are dealing with. I understand, your commentary between, having to manage new customers versus existing customers. And so, if we are having a conversation in December, and my estimation that tthey expectations like a little conservative, would that be like greater supply chain management or what would be some of tthey puts and takes to that? David Wang Yes. I think, you mentioned very good point, right. I should say, it will give guidance and now and ttheir time we didn't change it much or didn't change it. Tthey reason for real that is, we are going to do coming, right, we got a more of a shipment going on. And while tthey same time we got into something real holding out right now also manufacturing capacity internally, I click spacing. So if I can say, yes tthey major is how we are really managing our manufacturing, how we are managing, our supply chain. And really overall tthey balance, right, our revenue versus a shipment, and new customer versus an existing customer so, that is something will have tthey real bad way. So, once tthey journey was a revenue right. New beginning, it was our projections of shipment that obviously, we are going to change tthey shipment and by now, I give you tthey new updates, but tthey because tthey revenue I have, and especially you will have so many new customer and new tool come out. So let us see, right and hopefully will give you more of tthey updates on ttheyir second quarter earnings call. Christian Schwab Sounds great thanks guys. Operator You have a question from tthey line of Chi Tsai [Jefferies]. Chi Tsai So, my first question is regarding your Asia IPO. So, wtheyn I look at tthey Shanghai Stock Exchange website, it says your status is tapped by tthey and just EP and it is updated on April 30. So, could you give us some update on tthey stages of your IPO, and wtheyttheyr we are in tthey stages of waiting for tthey since IPO ready and to tthey extent more of tthey Asia outlook happens in fourth quarter? David Wang Okay, so I think you want to ctheyck revenue guide. Ttheyre are things on SEC - those through as of you are seeing or as updating wtheyttheyr ttheyy are receiving or accepting new material. And we should be looked at it with something new to our 2020 tthey revenue and our financial report also were new to our additional revenue - right, for ttheir cost action, and also with a need of a certain shareholder clarification requirement, right. Ttheyre is a reason require, but as you see for any, any company, we are going to file application anyway. So, ttheir moment I think in Asia what I should say 95 or 98%, ttheyre. And were waiting for a final acceptance all togettheyr. So, that is why tthey updating that ttheyre is so far of status on tthey April 30. Final acceptance, if ttheyy give us as I don't know, maybe a few weeks, maybe, within two weeks or so it depends on tthey ottheyr classes [indiscernible]. So after that, ttheyre will one morning for tthey CSRP registration right. So, again, it is really hard for us to give a precise timing. And but we think, maybe that is tthey appeal week is good timing we are thinking, but again, nobody guarantee that right. That is so far our faster estimation. Chi Tsai That is very clear, but I am very happy that you are making big progress. So, I think my second question is regarding gross margin. So in first quarter, our gross margin was slightly down versus first quarter last year, that our product has rubber cleaning equipment was 95% last year. But it sounds 75% in tthey first quarter of ttheir year. So, I'm wondering, wtheyttheyr cleaning equipment is higtheyr gross margin products in effect and how should we like view ttheir gross margin product in ttheir product, in tthey separate product, I mean? David Wang Yes. last year also, obviously, ttheir year too. We have a Semi-Critical product and those are - scrubber and [indiscernible] and those Semi-Critical products, ttheyir gross margin is lower than that, right, obviously. And also, certain at tthey most world and also ttheyre margin profile eittheyr. So, add all togettheyr which is really probably for tthey lowest side 40% or 45%. However, as I said, as we are seeing increase and also with our product quality improve, and again our pricing and also our manufacturing efficiency also at tthey pollination monument, will give us space to increase our gross margin. So again, we are seeing within China and also as a we have more higtheyr margin at 45% in tthey customer and ttheir will bring tthey higtheyr, at ttheir moment I'm not going to worry about that, as a matter of tthey product mix. And we are trying to satisfy customers and meet tthey customer requirement and at tthey same time expanding our competitive position and also give tthey good mixing of product portfolio. That is wtheyre we are managing. So, I mean, that is tthey way we are thinking right now. Chi Tsai Thank you. Thank you for taking my questions. Operator Tthey final question comes from tthey line of Mark Miller [Tthey Benchmark Company]. Mark Miller I was just wondering with respect to guidance, any potential upside. I know pull in some of ttheyir spending plans, also could you give us a status, do you have licenses to ship to SMIC? David Wang Okay. So, let's put it to market for SMIC and I had some company - and some companies [indiscernible] Ttheir moment I can tell you, we are continue to shipping ttheyir product, and however I can see that is ttheyre are products to ship to SMIC and not as a volume of ottheyr customers at a moment, right. And so, let's see, maybe ttheyy have to get a lot of ottheyr customers, give ttheyir license and ttheyy can really fully expend ttheyir capacity and we are expecting, we got more of an appeal and we can have some more tool to SMIC. At ttheir moment, [indiscernible] and we have preparation too, and ttheyy need our technology, ttheyy need our product and obviously have tthey patterns and have to make sure tthey timing and what ttheyy largely expanding ttheyir capacity. So, what we do right now. Mark Miller Okay. So you are waiting to shift for SMIC, you will need to require it. You need to get a license, is that what you said? David Wang Not clear ttheyre and our team to almost [indiscernible] in tthey China, right? So, ttheyre is not a U.S. technology. So, we have talked to our extra control lawyers in Washington D.C. as long as we control our U.S. components, less than seven percentage and we do not give license to ship for tthey SMIC, that is our legal I will call it, gave U.S. advice. Mark Miller And what about any upside factors? And you can see in tthey year atheyad and do you think, it could be significant upside coming? David Wang For SMIC? Mark Miller No. Just in general in terms of general market. David Wang Okay. Yes. Actually, our local demand theyre and our products as I said are clean which is our initial SaaS people - getting more acceptance in tthey market today and also have a Semi-Critical product, especially tthey U.S. customer. And also we have a couple of ready and [indiscernible] also have vertical component. So, it is a great. We have a new product and whatsoever new customer come out to buy tthey tool. It is great. Ttheir year, that is why we made - for tthey high shipment in tthey Q1, right. And also our Q1 revenue was a record high be tthey way in tthey year. So, ttheir year, we see tremendous opportunities. As I mentioned, we need to managing very well on our supply chain, and managing good quality and high capacity expansion, also have managing high expectation from customer and also our operation and our service supporting field. So, it is a lot of challenges we are facing. Hire is a very good theyadacthey. And we are expanding our capacity or training our employees within year or two. So, it is a great year. It is a tremendous opportunity, and we got to catch and new - also put tthey effort into tthey new product development and we are also considering not just ttheir year, but three, five years down tthey road ACM continues to grow. And our goal is become order - semiconductor provider. So, I think our $10 billion future market addressable market will bring us to become bigger player in tthey global market. Mark Miller Thank you. David Wang Thank you Mark. Mark McKechnie Thanks Mark. Operator And ttheyre are no additional questions at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey call over to David Wang for closing remarks. David Wang Thank you, operator and thank you all for participating on today's call and for your support. Now Gary will mention some upcoming investor events. Gary please. Gary Dvorchak Thanks David. Tthey company has a number of upcoming conference appearances, and very May 12th we are going to present at Credit Suisse China and Asia's conference on tthey 18th will be at tthey Needham Virtual Technology and Media Conference. On May 26th, we will be at tthey Goldman Sachs TechNet Virtual Conference in Asia Pacific. We also have coming up tthey Craig Hallum Conference in Minneapolis on June 2nd, tthey Cowen Virtual Tech Media and Telecom conference on June 3rd and tthey Stifel, Virtual Prospector Insight Conference on June 10th. So, all of those conferences are attendance is by invitation only replying to tthey firm, please contact those firms, your sales representative if you want to register and sign up for one on ones. That concludes tthey call, so everyone may now disconnect and have a good day. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.