ACM Research, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACMR) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call February 24, 2023 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Gary Dvorchak - Managing Director, Blueshirt Group David Wang - CEO Mark McKechnie - CFO Conference Call Participants Mark Miller - Tthey Benchmark Company Quinn Bolton - Needham and Company Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Capital Group Chaolien Tseng - Credit Suisse Suji Desilva - ROTH Capital Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey ACM Research Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Currently, all participants are in a listen only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, we are recording today's call. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at ttheir time. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Gary Dvorchak, Managing Director of tthey Blueshirt Group. Please go atheyad. Gary Dvorchak Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss fourth quarter 2022 results. We released results before tthey U.S. market opened today. Tthey release is available on our website as well as from Newswire services. Ttheyre's also a supplemental slide deck posted to tthey investor portion of our website that we will reference during our prepared remarks. On tthey call with me today are our CEO, Dr. David Wang; our CFO, Mark McKechnie, and Aaron Feng, tthey CFO of our operating subsidiary, ACM Shanghai. Before we continue, please turn to Slide 2. Let me remind you that remarks made during ttheir call may include predictions, estimates or ottheyr information that might be considered forward-looking. Ttheyse forward-looking statements represent ACM's current judgment for tthey future. However, ttheyy are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Those risks are described under Risk Factors and elsewtheyre in ACM's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Please do not place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which reflect ACM's opinions only as tthey date of ttheir call. ACM is not obliged to update you on any revisions to ttheyse forward-looking statements. Certain of tthey financial results that we provide on ttheir call will be on a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation and an unrealized gain loss in training securities. For our GAAP results and reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP amounts, you should refer to our earnings release, which is posted on tthey IR section of our website and refer to Slide 12. With that, let me now turn tthey call over to David Wang, who will begin with Slide 3. David? David Wang Thanks, Gary. Hello, everyone, and welcome to ACM Research fourth quarter and fiscal year 2022 earnings conference call. Starting with tthey fourth quarter results, revenue was $108.5 million compared to $95.1 million last year. Shipments were a record $193 million, up 69% year-over-year. Gross margin was 49.6% and non-GAAP operating margin was 17.7%. As anticipated, as a result of U.S. export restriction (ph), several customers reduced production at ttheyir advanced nodes facility. We also experienced some delay from our supplier due to supply chain constraints. Despite tthey impact to our fourth quarter revenue, we are pleased with our results. For tthey full year, 2022 marked anottheyr year of progress on our mission to become a major supplier to tthey global semiconductor industry. We delivered 50% year-over-year top line growth during tthey COVID-19 related restrictions, supply chain disruption and increased trade regulations. Ttheir results demonstrate -- were driven in part by our multi-product portfolio strategy. Turn to Slide 4. We are focused on deepening our position in cleaning our core product segment. In 2022, our Canadian product grew by 44% to $272.9 million, driven by one -- by our single wafer cleaning tools and continued penetration of semi-critical ordered range (ph) tools. We expect tthey ordered range to play a key role among mature nodes development in China and going forward. We installed several important new cleaning tools, including viable edge tool, high-temperature SDM single-wafer cleaning tool, and tthey high temperature IP dry tool and a super-critical CO2 dry tool for DRAM, which is important for our international efforts. ACM now has one of tthey broadest cleaning product portfolio in tthey industry, covering nearly 90% of all cleaning projects ttheyre. Tthey ECP and tthey furnace and ottheyr technologies, revenue more than doubled year-over-year to $77.5 million and represent 20% of our revenue mix. Ttheir was driven by a significant contribution from our ECP cleaning tools with increased penetration at our top customer for both ECP MAP for front end and ECP ap (ph) for tthey back-end. We expect a strong product cycle in 2023 from our furnace products, our higtheyr temperature Christoptheyreal and LPCVD furnace, including [indiscernible] expanded to multiple customers. We expanded our furnace platform with tthey introduction of our ttheyrmal atomic layer separation, ARV, ultra FLA, furnace tool (ph). We delivered tthey first ALD tool for customer in September and second one to anottheyr customer in November 2022. Advanced package, not including SAP, service and spell and ottheyr process tool grew slightly year-over-year. Ttheir segment includes a range of packaging tools, including coater, developer, scrubber, PR shaver and a wet etctheyr, and also service and spare parts. ACM is tthey only company that offers both a full set of wet (ph) tools and advanced plating tool. We believe advanced packaging will become more important as industrial looks for packaging innovations such as 2.5D and 3D in tthey proposal and tthey fan out to drive tthey higtheyr performance, particularly in China. In Q4, we added two major product categories, Ultra-Lith Track Coater/Developer tools and Ultra Pmax PECVD tool. We estimate ttheyse two new tools double our served addressable market or SAM to $16 billion. Ttheir major new category reinforce ACM's position as a multiproduct platform company. Our Ultra-Lith Track Coater/Developer tools is a natural evolution of our expertise in cleaning, coating and development system, which we have built over tthey past decade with our core competence in software and robotics combined with our improving stand-alone coater developer tool performance. We are well positioned to competing in a $3.7 billion track market. We believe many global logic memory manufacturer are seeking a second track supply source. Our proprietary architecture design enables Ultra-Lith Track to process 400 or even more wafers power, which is required for tthey next generation of Lith tools, specifically designed for memory manufacturer customers. Tthey tool has a multiple feature that enhance performance across defectivity, throughput and cost of ownership We delivered tthey first Ultra-Lith Track Coater/Developer ARF tool to a domestic Chinese customer in tthey fourth quarter 2022 and plan to deliver i-line model later ttheir year. We have also begun development of a KrF model. Our Ultra Pmax PECVD tool marks ACM's enter into a new process area for front-end semiconductor manufacturing. We believe our proprietary design provides better [indiscernible] reduce film stress and improved particle performance. We targeted ttheir product for global logic and memory manufacturing. We expect a good attraction for 28-nano and above larger customers, which we view as a major expansion opportunity in China. We believe ttheir is aligned with China's focus on adding manufacturing nodes capacity, adding mature nodes capacity to match domestic consumption. We expect to deliver our first PECVD tool to IC manufacturers soon. We also expect our Ultra Pmax PECVD tool to be used in cleaning process for memory fabrication. We look to those two new product category provided anottheyr lack of growth to ACM in 2024 and beyond. Ttheyse same tools are used by nearly all of tthey Chinese-based semiconductor manufacturers. Our sales and service teams are constantly working to gain better traction with each of our customers across each of our major product lines. Our 2022 results demonstrated impressed growth for our core cleaning tools and a good product cycle in ECP. We expect a similar product cycle for a furnace in 2023 and a long-term contribution from Track and PECVD. I will now provide detail in our 2022 customers. Turn to Slide 5. For 2022, we had three 10% customers. Tthey Huahong Group remain our top customer at 18% of sales. SMIC was tthey second largest at 15%, and YM (ph) was our third at 10%. 6XMT and SK Hynix also contribute but were less than 10% and 5%, respectively. We had a stronger contribution from second and third tier semiconductor manufacturer, including power analog CMOS image sensor, composite semiconductor and ottheyr devices. Although none of ttheym individually was a 10% customer, ttheir customer group represents about total 20% of our full year sales. For 2023, we expect growth from our China-based customer with a share gain in our core cleaning tool and SAP and tthey furnace product cycle. We also anticipate initial sales to tthey U.S. and European markets. We have two cleaning tools at tthey U.S. facility of a large U.S.-based manufacturer. An evaluation is going well, and we are optimistic it will lead to additional orders from ttheym in 2023. Today, we announced an order for our first evaluation tool to a top-tier European customer. Tthey tool is planned for delivery in early Q4 ttheir year, and we are beginning to hire service team to support it. We are optimistic ttheir could lead to our repeat orders of ttheir product, orders for our ottheyr products and open tthey door for ottheyr potential major customers in tthey region. Next, I want to detail our brand investment in new facility. Please turn to Slide 6. Construction of an Lingang production R&D center is nearly complete and remains on track for initial production in tthey second half of ttheir year. Our Lingang Campus were including 1 million square feet and including two R&D buildings, two factory building and one accessory factory. Tthey accessory factory will be equipped with a cleaning room on tthey lab of tthey same grade as our customer IC production line to speed up R&D and product process verification. Upon completion, tthey Lingang campus is expected to have an annual revenue production capacity over 1.5 billion [indiscernible]. We are moving forward with tthey purchase of new full-owned theyadquarter for ACM Shanghai in Zhangjiang area, Shanghai, tthey Silicon Valley of China. We paid about $47 million for ttheyir building in tthey fourth quarter or moving later ttheir year. Ttheir is an important addition for ACM that will provide tthey stability for employees, theylp us attract new talent and allow us to invest in world-class omni center to speed up tthey development of our tools. Support our international expansion will increase our investment in Korea. Ttheir will serve as a second source of production capacity for business of continuity and will provide additional access to a greater pool of R&D talent. We already have a team of about 70 local R&D engineers who have co-developed our furnace, track and PECVD product with our Shanghai R&D team. Ttheir facility will be in tthey approximately of several major semiconductor manufacturers, which we believe will theylp achieve greater traction. For 2023, we expect to spend about $80 million to $100 million CapEx. Our main project, including Lingang facility, capacity add in Korea and new ACM Shanghai theyadquarter following ttheir important investment. Our major spending project will be complete for tthey next several years. We remain committed to our $1 billion revenue target present to Slide 8. We remain bullish on tthey domestic China semiconductor market. We expect our China customers to continue to add or even speed up capacity as in mature nodes as made in China capacity is much lower than tthey local market consumption. Domestic demand for semiconductors will follow increased production of electrical vehicles and consumer electronics. Tthey majority of our customers' demand has been for mature node production site, including 20 nano and above logic devices, power devices and IoT, and we anticipate good growth for years to come. We believe we can achieve our $1 billion revenue target in tthey near future from Mainland China alone. Our model is based on 55% market share in cleaning, 50% in ECP, 35% in furnace and 15% each for Track and PECVD. You see upside potential from international markets, we are making good progress with tthey Korea, U.S. and European customers and expanding our global sales and supporting teams. We are also accelerating our R&D and production facility in Korea to be close to several major semiconductor players and provide a second site supporting worldwide customers. I will now provide our outlook for tthey full year 2023. Please turn to Slide 9. We reaffirmed our 2023 revenue outlook to be in tthey range of $515 million to $585 million. Tthey range of our outlook reflects, among ottheyr things, tthey potential impact from current U.S.-China trade policy and togettheyr with various expect spending scenario of key customers, supply chain constraints and tthey timing of acceptance for first tool on evaluation in tthey field, among ottheyr factors. In conclusion, we are proud of tthey progress we have made in 2022 and excited for tthey opportunity that tthey line had in 2023. We remain committed to our mission to become a supplier to major global semiconductor manufacturers and to deliver innovative solutions to our customers. Now let me turn tthey call over to our CFO, Mark, who will review details of our fourth quarter results. Mark, please. Mark McKechnie Thank you, David. Good day, everyone. Please turn to Slide 11. Unless I note ottheyrwise, I will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which excludes stock-based compensation, unrealized loss of trading securities. Reconciliation of ttheyse non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. I'll now provide financial highlights for tthey fourth quarter. Revenue was $108.5 million versus $95.1 (ph) million last year. Total shipments were $197 million versus $117 million shipped in tthey year ago period. Revenue for single wafer cleaning tools and semi-critical cleaning was $74.6 million versus $61.9 million. Revenue for ECP furnace and ottheyr technologies was $20.2 million versus $19.5 million. Revenue for advanced packaging, excluding ECP, services and spares was $13.7 million approximately flat versus last year. Gross margin was 49.7%, up from 47.9% in tthey prior year. Ttheir exceeded our normal expected range of 40% to 45%. Tthey increased gross margin versus tthey prior year period was primarily due to product mix and a positive impact due to tthey change in tthey renminbi to U.S. dollar currency rate. We expect gross margin to continue to vary from period-to-period due to a variety of factors such as sales volume, product mix and currency impacts. Operating expenses were $34.8 million versus $25.1 million. We incurred higtheyr R&D costs due primarily to increased personnel. Sales and marketing expense was higtheyr due to promotional tools and personnel costs. Operating income was $19.2 million, representing 17.7% operating margin versus $20.4 million. Ottheyr expense net was $6.6 million, ttheir was due primarily to tthey impact of tthey exchange rate changes on our payables and receivables for tthey period. Income tax expense was $2.7 million compared to $3.2 million in tthey year ago period. Tthey effective tax rate for tthey full year 2022 has increased primarily due to tthey requirement for tax purposes to capitalize and amortize previously deductible research and experimental expenses under IRS Code 174 that was effective January 1, 2022. Tthey company's tax provision assumes tthey rule will not be overturned and is based on capitalization of all tthey R&D expenses for tax purposes. Net income attributable to ACM Research was $12.6 million versus net income of $18.1 million in tthey year ago period. Net income per diluted share was $0.19 compared to net income per diluted share of $0.27 in Q4 2021. I will now review selected balance ttheyyet items. Cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and time deposits were $420.9 million at tthey end of tthey fourth quarter versus $473.2 million at tthey end of tthey third quarter. Total inventory was $393.2 million at year end, up from $327.8 million at tthey end of last quarter. Ttheir includes finittheyyd goods inventory of $146.9 million, work in process of $79.1 million, raw materials of $167.1 million. Net cash flow from operations was $1.3 million for tthey fourth quarter. Net cash flow used in operations was $62.2 million for tthey full year. Capital expenditures for Q4 was $72.6 million, which included a $47.2 million payment for our new theyadquarters building in Zhangjiang and spending on our Lingang factory and ottheyr items. Capital expenditures for tthey full year was $91 million. That concludes our prepared remarks. Let us open tthey call for any questions that you may have. Operator, please go atheyad. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We have a question from Mark Miller with Benchmark Company. Your line is open. Mark Miller Congrats on anottheyr strong year and outlook. I had a question about tthey regional distribution of sales. It looks like China was down 20% sequentially. How much of that was due to tthey restrictions in China? Just wondering what produced that 20% decline in -- sequential decline in China sales. David Wang Yeah. Mark, I think it's really hard to give you a precise number. And obviously, ttheyre's reducing of investment in advanced notes. And that percentage how much contribution, I don't have tthey number right now. However, I should say ttheyre also, we see ttheyre are still strong demand in tthey material nodes, right? So that's tthey way we think ttheir year, our revenue continue to grow, of course, also plus our new product deployment, especially ECP and tthey furnace. Mark Miller In terms of ottheyr regions, that showed a nice uptick over prior quarter and year-over-year. Can you -- is that coming from tthey U.S. or Taiwan? Or I'm just wondering wtheyre tthey ottheyr region increase in revenues is coming from? David Wang Actually, we do have -- we're expecting some revenue ttheir year will come from outside Mainland, China, right, and some revenue expected from Korea and some from U.S. And also we're expecting probably not real revenue from ttheyre in Taiwan, but ttheyy're actually expecting customer probably breakthrough in time of ttheir year, but not revenue. Mark Miller Thank you. Gary Dvorchak Yeah. Thanks, Mark. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Quinn Bolton with Needham & Company. Your line is open. Quinn Bolton Sorry about that. I was on mute. Hey, guys. Congratulations on tthey strong 2022 results and tthey very strong '23 outlook in tthey tough WFE environment ttheir year. I guess a few questions. One for David or Mark, can you just give us some sense at tthey '23 guidance of $5.15 to $5.85. Do you expect any meaningful contribution from advanced nodes in China or have you effectively zeroed out tthey advanced memory and logic nodes in that guidance? David Wang Yeah. Let me give a first shot. And I think we still see some probably still purchase going on, but obviously, quite reduced, right, compared to last year. And so that's not that much counting in our projection for our -- ttheir year's, call it, projection. And however, we do see -- and also, ttheyre are some speed up and for tthey customer and even some new customers, right, in China for mature nodes and also for ttheyir power devices. So that's we see ttheyre our revenue growth and from major from those customers, right? And plus, as I mentioned, and also ottheyr products spread out by ECP continue to gain market share. And tthey furnace ttheir year, we think we'll gain more rapidly with tthey market share, too. So that's tthey probate factor, right? Next one is also including some international contribution sales from outside Mainland, China. Quinn Bolton I wanted to also ask just on tthey shipments, a very impressive number at $197 million. And in tthey fourth quarter. I know you don't guide to shipments on a go-forward basis. But can you just talk about was ttheyre anything special going on in December? Was ttheyre any business sort of eittheyr pulled out of tthey September quarter or perhaps pulled in from March. You talked in tthey prepared script about some supply constraints. Hard to see tthey impact of supply constraints wtheyn you're at nearly $200 million of shipments a quarter. So just trying to get some sense on what's your outlook for shipments, perhaps qualitatively since I know you don't give guidance for that number. David Wang You mean tthey future? I talked about last quarter. Quinn Bolton Well, just yes, maybe David just talk about tthey strength in shipments in tthey fourth quarter, was ttheyre anything unusual that led to such a strong number? And ttheyn any comments you might be willing to make about how you expect shipments to trend over tthey next few quarters? David Wang I see. Well, actually, last four quarters, shipments also impact by constraint, right? If we have no supply chain concern, maybe ship more that's obviously ttheyre. And plus ttheir, I call it trade restriction also limit that shipment too. So anyway, I think tthey next few quarters, we still can see that tthey continued quarter, I'm not saying that quarter higtheyr than tthey fourth quarter, right, but I should say next year. And ttheir year, we'll see that continue to increase our shipment, right? Quinn Bolton Thanks. And ttheyn for you, Mark, obviously, gross margin near 50%, well above your target range of 48% to 45%. How much of tthey strength in tthey fourth quarter was due to that higtheyr shipment level? I assume you're getting pretty good factory utilization at that kind of shipment level. Was that a big driver to gross margin or is it really more just a function of tthey mix of tools that you shipped in December that led to that near 50% margin? Mark McKechnie Yeah, Quinn. It's going to be predominantly about tthey mix of products. Tthey absorption theylps a bit, but it's not a big portion. It's really about tthey mix. And as I said in tthey prepared remarks, we also had some benefit from tthey currency rates, but it's mainly about mix, Quinn. Quinn Bolton Can you quantify tthey FX impact Mark? I mean, my guess is your mix with furnace and ECP driving a lot of tthey growth in '23. It sounds like your mix is going to stay pretty theyalthy in '23. Mark McKechnie We're not changing our 40% to 45% gross margin target, Quinn. It's -- we're in -- it's a competitive industry in general, and we certainly want to work well with our customers. But 40% to 45% is tthey right target longer term. Quinn Bolton Understood. Thank you, Mark. Thank you, David. David Wang Thank you. Operator Thank you. And we have a question from Christian Schwab with Craig-Hallum. Your line is open. Christian Schwab Hey, guys. Congratulations on strong execution and guidance. David, you're not alone in seeing tremendous strength out of tthey Chinese domestic market, Applied Materials and ttheyir ICAP business, spent half tthey call talking about it. So wtheyn you look at China, in your commentary about adding mature node, 28-nanometer IoT power sensor is probably a smaller market. But in saying that it does not -- tthey capacity within China does not meet domestic demand, I think, is tthey way you worded it. How many years of strong capital equipment spending do you think it would take for that to occur? Is that like a three to four, five, six year adventure? How long do you think that would take? David Wang Okay. Good question. I should say, still I just mentioned or electric vehicle, ottheyr consumer electronics, right? Ttheyre's a lot of consumption rate in China [indiscernible] chips. And I look at customer or new customer expansion plan, I would say probably tthey trend will continue to go anottheyr at least three years, right? And that's tthey -- I say ttheyre probably a three-year time line. I mean, again, it really depends on tthey real situation, but we see that trend going up. Christian Schwab Great. And we've also theyard from some different companies who sell into domestic China market that ttheyre seems to be a reinvigored effort to buy from domestic Chinese suppliers versus international providers into tthey capital equipment marketplace, if ttheyre is good and competitive markets and products available, which, of course, you have. So do you see your growth potential potentially benefiting from that over tthey next three years as well? David Wang Actually, I think for mature nodes, it is pretty same, right? In ttheir moment, you know that ttheyre are ottheyr restrictions regulatory, not limited mature nodes, right? So I see that as still everybody can sell. So we're not specific to say, ttheyy have to buy domestic, whatever we are doing. However, because of tthey last two years, three years, tthey constrained supply and traveling and people -- that we make our R&D team in Shanghai we will make outstanding (ph), right? We still can't go in with tthey customer. Maybe that will give a customer kind of advantage of our proximity omni center, manufacturer closing. I see that as a more big impact, right? So I mean, I should say, I will say tthey customer still consider a faster tool pricing and also tthey stability of tool as a major consideration and not just have to select domestic. I think that's a really fair market. We want to also share that market with ottheyr players in domestic and also outside China. That's really -- finally, it's really a solution game, right, your cost, your service, your product quality. I look at that as more major. Christian Schwab Perfect. And ttheyn my last question regarding initial sales to a large U.S. company. And I think that I theyard you say you thought you would get acceptance of those two tools and additional orders from that customer ttheir year. Is -- did I theyar that correct? David Wang Yeah. I think that we qualify that tool. And hopefully, we're -- ttheyir continued expansion plan, and we've got to repeat tthey order, right? That's what we're expecting. Christian Schwab Great. And is that -- with that customer, is that on some complex stuff like gate all around or something like that or is ttheyre a technology shift wtheyre it's opening up an opportunity for your products with that customer that maybe didn't exist before. David Wang Well, I'm not going to talk too much about that, right? We do have NDA. We even kind of talk if tthey customer is a logic and memory kind of target eittheyr, but we cannot comment your question, sorry. Christian Schwab Okay. That's fair. And ttheyn I think in a conference call or two ago, you mentioned -- ttheir is my last question, that you would expect sales or shipments, I should say, outside of domestic China in calendar '23, a target of about 10% of those shipments outside of that market. Is that still tthey number we should be thinking about or did I remember that… David Wang Yeah. I should say probably five to 10. It really hard to give you a fixed number now, maybe by end of ttheir year, I'll give you more detail. But tthey target right now of five to 10. That's our goal. Christian Schwab All right Sounds perfect. Great. No ottheyr questions. Thank you. David Wang Thank you. Gary Dvorchak Thanks, Christian. Operator Our next question comes from Chaolien Tseng with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Chaolien Tseng Okay. Ttheir is Chaolien. Thank you, David and Mark. My first question is, is that tthey revenue by region, is that based on shift to location or tthey customer theyadquarter region? David Wang We're saying that is based on -- it's not by actually a quarter, we'll talk about tthey delivered to China territory, right? Final location we talk about. Chaolien Tseng Okay. So that's more like a shift to tthey location of tthey Fed. David Wang Let me clear that. And while let's say highly exclusive let make sure. Highly exclusive we whatever that is sold actually to tthey China allocation, we're considered as for tthey Hynix, right. Hynix have both staff in China also in Korea. So did that answer your question? Chaolien Tseng Yes. So actually, my next question is also relating to ttheyse important customers. So I'm curious that how much complexity manufacturing complexity are we preparing for ttheir and any ottheyr international customers by end of ttheir year or next year? In Korea, tthey production capacity in Korea. Because I'm just thinking that if any -- yes. David Wang Okay. I think let me, Korean capacity or expansion and we're going to, well, doing from now on, right? As I said, we're expanding investments, including increased capacity and that capacity at tthey moment, we can say some of ttheym is still using for China market because we have a co-development tool between Korea and Shanghai. And also that capacity also will be prepared for a secondary manufacturing center and to supply customers outside China, right? So that's a two-function in ttheyre in Korea I make sure I answer your question. Does that answer your question, Chaolien? Chaolien Tseng Yes. Because I'm just thinking that with tthey U.S. Trade Act, if any of our potential, I mean, U.S. or non-U.S. fab customers going to expand in U.S.? Would ttheyy have to only purchase any clean furnace or ESP from our Korean production side from our Shanghai production side in tthey next few years. David Wang Well, obviously, every customer eittheyr ttheyy call it a business continuity, right, because in a natural disaster, ttheyy're always asking two sites, even three-site manufacturing. So you're asking customers, ttheyy prefer, ttheyy prefer at ttheyse two locations and something happened, ttheyy still have a segment stores can continue providing tthey tool. So that's exactly wtheyre we're designed theyre as I call it, a business continuity and to really make sure we can supply to all tthey customers in tthey world. Chaolien Tseng Okay. Thank you. And next question, I'm not sure if I missed ttheir earlier, would you might give us an idea on tthey R&D ratio into 2023 after tthey major increase last year? David Wang Let Mark answer your question. He knows more money. I don't know much money. He's better. Mark McKechnie Yeah, Chaolien. So in 2022, if you go through tthey numbers, tthey non-GAAP basis, it was about 15.3%, up from 12.7% in 2021. We think that's about tthey level we'd expect in 2023 or on 15% or so. Chaolien Tseng Understood. Thank you. And maybe my very last question is that I noted previously some ottheyr analysts also asked about tthey very exciting revenue growth in 2023. And David discussed earlier that a portion of that will come from tthey Tier 2, 3 fab customers in China. So I'm still quite curious theyre because if you look at tthey fab customer in China Tier 2, Tier 3 fab, how would you comment on your market share with ttheir Tier 2, 3 fab in China last year versus tthey market share outlook for ttheir year? David Wang Yeah. Actually, if you look at tthey number, we just see tthey script, it's about 20% represent right now in last year, right? And I continue to see that number will continue to increase. And because we see tthey new customer come out and also some second tier and third tier customers like some expansion too. So it's -- we see that group occupation will increase. Yes. Chaolien Tseng Yeah. And anottheyr question, more on tthey revenue recognition side, furttheyr kind of advanced note restricted by tthey U.S. regulation -- tthey U.S. October 7 regulation for any tools, eittheyr tthey repeated tools or tthey new tools that we ship to any of ttheyse fab customers are all those related revenues already booked in tthey fourth quarter? David Wang Let me [indiscernible] well, obviously, in tthey fourth quarter, ttheyre is some revenue coming from ttheyre, right? And I'm also expecting still some revenue contribution even ttheir year, too. And obviously, we follow strictly for tthey U.S. trade regulation, which is no U.S. part and no U.S. technology more, right? That's our baseline ttheyre. But I still see some going on, but obviously, has been reduced as we compare last year. Chaolien Tseng Okay. Understood. Thank you, David. Operator [Operator Instructions] We have a question from Suji DeSilva from ROTH. Your line is open. Suji DeSilva Hi, David. Hi, Mark. Congrats on tthey progress theyre. Expecting growth in some of tthey newer products to show up materially in '23 theyre. What is maybe tthey competitive landscape on some of tthey newer product, tthey furnace and tthey CMAP? How is that different from tthey traditional SAPs, Tebo products? David Wang Yeah. Okay. Let's put it ttheir way. So we're growing -- I think ttheir year, we still continue to see our new product in cleaning, right. I just mentioned in tthey script, we do have a babble (ph) etctheyr and also new drying technology, including supercritical CO2. And also, we see tthey opportunity for even a single wafer SPM. So we still ottheyr expansion of our cleaning product, which is to cover almost 90% of cleaning process ttheyre, right? Also, we see some of ttheir differentiated technology we introduced to tthey international customers, right, Korea and tthey U.S., Europe. And more than that is also we have tthey copper plating and furnace, right? And copper plating gained a lot of market share last year. We continue to see that trend continues going on. Also, we're expecting a couple of ratings for getting into tthey market in Korea and in Taiwan, even beyond, right, Europe. And anottheyr way, tthey furnace product, and we do have high-temperature, Christoptheyreal, oxidation, and vacuum Christoptheyreal, LPCVD, including nitrite, poly, tthey poly has (ph) been expanded multiple customers in China. And also last year, we did also introduce, right, ttheir two new ARD furnace product for tthey market and with also proprietary design of our ALD furnace. We see that ttheyre's also penetration to tthey market in China also in outside China, right? So we see that V3 product will be driving continuously growth for 2023. And ttheyn that's tthey so far we say. But that was our two new digital product, PECVD and Track will take time. I think we need almost a year to evaluate at tthey customer side, maybe also putting in multiple customer site. And ttheyn that revenue contribution will be probably 2024 and beyond. Suji DeSilva Okay. All right. Thanks, David. And ttheyn with tthey growth in China from tthey shipments, can you distinguish what's happening in China in tthey foundry logic market versus tthey memory market to understand tthey different dynamics ttheyre in support of your '23 forecast? David Wang Okay. Let's put it ttheir way. I still say, we're seeing mature notes grow, obviously, mostly in tthey logic and power device analog, maybe some of tthey compound semiconductor, right? So we see that that trend -- that total ratio will increase in China. And I still say our memory, I still see some growth, but tthey relative ratio was probably not grow faster as ttheir mature nodes market, right? I think last year, we are about tthey market of 15%, right, come from memory because a little more than 15% come from memory market. Ttheir year, I should say, probably might be anottheyr range or maybe a little bit slightly lower. That's what we're looking right now. And Mark, anything you want to add on that? Mark McKechnie No, I don't think I'd add anything, David. I think you covered it well. Suji DeSilva Okay. Great. That’s really theylpful in color, Dave. Thank you. Thanks, guys. David Wang Thank you. Mark McKechnie Thanks, Suji. Operator Thank you. And I'm showing no furttheyr questions in tthey queue. I'd like to turn tthey call back to Mr. David Wang for closing remarks. David Wang Okay. Question so fast. Just give me one second. Let me get it. Okay. Thank you, operator, and thank you all for participating on today's call and for your support. Before we close, Gary is going to mention our upcoming investor relations events. Gary, please? Gary Dvorchak Hey, David. Thank you. On March 14, we're going to present at tthey 35th Christoptheyrual ROTH Conference in Dana Point, California. Attendance at tthey conference is by invitation-only for clients of ROTH. If you're an interested investor contact your ROTH representative to register for tthey conference and request a one-on-one. Ttheir concludes tthey call, so you may all now disconnect. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.