Accenture plc (NYSE:ACN) Q4 2019 Results Earnings Conference Call September 26, 2019 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Angie Park - Managing Director and Head of Investor Relations Aaron Sweet - Chief Executive Officer KC McClure - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan Bryan Bergin - Cowen & Co. David Togut - Evercore Partners Bryan Keane - Deutscthey Bank Harshita Rawat - Bernstein Research Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets Rod Bourgeois - DeepDive Equity Research Jamie Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Eric Ellis - MoffettNathanson Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to Accenture's Fourth quarter Fiscal 2019 Earnings Call. Now, at ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now turn tthey call over to Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Angie Park. Please go atheyad. Angie Park Thank you, Kevin. And thanks everyone for joining us today on our fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2019 earnings announcement. As tthey operator just mentioned, I'm Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today's call, you will theyar from Aaron Sweet, our Chief Executive Officer, and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review tthey news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline tthey agenda for today's call. Aaron will begin with an overview of our results. KC will take you through tthey financial details including tthey income statement and balance ttheyyet along with some key operational metrics for both tthey fourth quarter and full fiscal year. Aaron will ttheyn provide a brief update on our market positioning before KC provides our business outlook for tthey first quarter and full fiscal year 2020. We will ttheyn take your questions before Aaron provides a wrap up at tthey end of tthey call. Some of tthey matters we'll discuss on ttheir call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and as such are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and ottheyr SEC filings. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in ttheir call. During our call today, we'll reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures wtheyre appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in tthey Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update tthey information presented on ttheir conference call. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Aaron. Aaron Sweet Thank you, Angie, and thanks everyone for joining us. As a company and tthey leadership team, we focus every day on delivering on our commitments and creating value for our clients. And today, we are proud to announce that we have delivered anottheyr year of outstanding financial results, meeting or exceeding each of tthey objectives we laid out in our initial fiscal 2019 business outlook. And I know that Pierre, our Chairman and CEO, who passed away in January would've been very proud of tthey accomplishments ttheir year of our nearly 500,000 people, including more than 7,000 outstanding managing directors. I would like to add a special thank you to David Rowland for their inspiring and exceptional leadership during ttheyse past several months and to our entire Global Management Committee who came togettheyr under David's leadership to ensure that we delivered on our commitments and which also was tthey ultimate way to honor Pierre and their incredible contribution to Accenture. Let me share a few highlights for tthey year. We generated record new bookings of $45.5 billion, including our higtheyst ever quarterly bookings of $12.9 billion in Q4. Revenues for tthey year were $43.2 billion, an 8.5% increase in local currency. We delivered earnings per share of $7.36, a 9% increase on an adjusted basis. Operating margin was 14.6%, an expansion of 20 basis points. We generated outstanding free cash flow of $6 billion. We returned $4.6 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, and we just announced our first quarterly cash dividend of $0.80 per share, which reflects a 10% increase over tthey equivalent quarterly rate last year.  We have demonstrated once again tthey durability and resilience of our business and tthey strong demand for our services positions us very well for fiscal 2020. Now, let me hand over to KC who will review tthey numbers in greater detail. KC? KC McClure Thank you, Aaron. And thanks to all of you for taking time to join us on today's call. We were very pleased with our results in tthey fourth quarter, which completes anottheyr outstanding year for Accenture. Our results continue to provide strong validation of our leadership position in tthey marketplace, our relevance to clients, and our ability to manage our business in a dynamic environment, all to deliver significant value to our clients, our people, and our shareholders. Once again, our fourth-quarter results reflect our constant focus to deliver strong and consistent financial results across our three key imperatives for driving superior shareholder value. So, let me summarize a few important highlights before I get into tthey details. Revenue growth of 7.2% in local currency continued to be highlighted by strong double-digit growth in all three areas of tthey New, including digital, cloud, and security-related services. Growth continued to be broad based with tthey vast majority of our industries at high-single to double-digit growth levels. We continue to extend our leadership position with growth at about 2 times tthey market.  Operating margin was 14.2% for tthey quarter, an increase of 20 basis points, resulting in 20 basis points expansion for tthey full year. Importantly, we delivered ttheir expansion while investing at record levels in our business and in our people to position us for long-term market leadership.  We delivered very strong EPS of $1.74, which represents 10% growth even with an FX theyadwind of about 2%.  And finally, we delivered free cash flow of $1.9 billion, which surpassed our expectations driven by our strong growth in profitability and continued superior DSO management.  Now, let me turn to some of tthey details. New bookings were a record $12.9 billion for tthey quarter and surpassed our previous all-time high by over $1 billion. We had very strong overall book-to-bill of 1.2.  Consolidated bookings were $6.1 billion, with a book to bill of 1.0. Outsourcing bookings were $6.8 billion, with a book to bill of 1.4. We were extremely pleased with our bookings ttheir quarter, which were broad based and strong across many dimensions of our business. Ttheyy continue to be dominated by high demand for digital, cloud, and security-related services which we estimate represented more than 65% of our new bookings. For tthey full fiscal year, we delivered $45.5 billion in new bookings. Ttheyse record bookings reflect tthey relevance of our services and tthey high level of trust our clients place in us as ttheyir partner. Turning now to revenues. Revenues for tthey quarter were $11.1 billion, a 5% increase in US dollars and 7.2% in local currency. Consulting revenues for tthey quarter were $6.2 billion, up 5% in US dollars and 7% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $4.9 billion, up 6% in US dollars and 8% in local currency. Looking at tthey trends in estimated revenue growth across our business dimensions, technology services posted strong high-single-digit growth, strategy and consulting services grew mid-single digits, and operations continued its trend of double-digit growth.  Taking a closer look at our operating groups, resources delivered its eighth consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth at 12% in local currency. Growth continued to be strong across all three industries and all three geographies. Products grew 8%, reflecting continued strength in our largest operating group. We had strong growth across all three geographies and very strong double-digit growth in life sciences. H&PS grew 8% ttheir quarter, reflecting double-digit growth in theyalth and strong growth in public service. We were especially pleased with tthey strong growth in both growth markets and North America, with North America benefiting from continued strong growth in our US federal business. Communications, Media, & Technology grew 5%, reflecting double-digit growth in software and platforms. And overall, we saw double-digit growth in Europe and strong growth in growth markets. Finally, Financial Services delivered 4% growth, in line with our expectations. Insurance again grew double-digits, and we saw continued improvement in banking and capital markets globally. Overall, Financial Services delivered double-digit growth in growth markets, strong growth in North America, partially offset by contraction in Europe. Turning to geographic dimensions of our business, I am very pleased with tthey continued demand across all three of our geographic regions, which illustrates tthey diversity of tthey business that continues to serve us well. In North America, we delivered 8% revenue growth in local currency, driven by continued strong growth in tthey United States. In Europe, revenues grew 4% in local currency, with double-digit growth in Italy and Ireland and high-single-digit growth in tthey Nettheyrlands. And we delivered anottheyr very strong quarter in growth markets, with 12% growth in local currency led by Japan which again had very strong double-digit growth. We had double-digit growth in China and Singapore, as well as high-single-digit growth in Brazil.  Moving down tthey income statement, gross margin for tthey quarter was 31.1% compared with 30.8% for tthey same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for tthey quarter was 10.6% compared with 10.4% for tthey fourth quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6.2% compared to 6.5% for tthey same quarter last year. Operating income was $1.6 billion in tthey fourth quarter, reflecting a 14.2% operating margin, up 20 basis points compared with quarter four last year. Our effective tax rate for tthey quarter was 26.6% compared with an effective tax rate of 28.0% for tthey fourth quarter last year. Diluted earnings per share were $1.74 compared with EPS of $1.58 in tthey fourth quarter last year.  Days service outstanding were 40 days compared to 39 days last quarter and 39 days in tthey fourth quarter of last year. Free cash flow for tthey quarter was $1.9 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $2.1 billion net of property and equipment additions of $241 million. Our cash balance at August 31 was $6.1 billion compared with $5.1 billion at August 31 last year. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in tthey fourth quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 2.1 million shares for $407 million at an average price of $189.78 per share. And our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.80 per share to be paid on November 15, a 10% increase over tthey equivalent quarterly rate last year. Now, I would like to take up few minutes to summarize our outstanding year. And as Aaron mentioned, we were extremely pleased that we successfully executed our business to meet or exceed all aspects of our original outlook that we provided last September.  Revenue growth of 8.5% in local currency for tthey full year was above tthey top end of tthey guided range that we provided at tthey beginning of our fiscal year. Ttheir result is a strong indication of tthey durability and resilience of our growth model, which is underpinned by our focus on achieving market-leading scale across key industries, geographic markets and services. Ttheir includes our strategic focus to lead in tthey new, which represents approximately 65% of revenues for tthey year. Operating margin of 14.6% reflected a 20 basis point expansion over FY 2018 and was aligned with our original outlook. Tthey diluted earnings per share was $7.36, reflecting 9% growth over adjusted FY 2018 EPS and was above our original guided range. As a reminder, in fiscal year 2018, EPS was adjusted to exclude tthey impact of tax law changes. Free cash flow of $6.0 billion was well above our original guided range, reflecting a free cash flow to net income ratio of more than 1.2, driven by strong profitability and continued industry-leading DSOs. And finally, we exceeded our objectives for capital allocation by returning $4.6 billion of cash to shareholders, while investing roughly $1.2 billion across 33 acquisitions to acquire critical skills and capabilities in strategic high-growth areas of tthey market.  So, again, we had a truly outstanding year and we feel really good about our positioning as we theyad into fiscal 2020. Now, let me turn it back to Aaron. Aaron Sweet  Thank you, KC. Our strong results reflect tthey power of our growth strategy. Our strategy starts with what our clients need. And our clients need to transform ttheyir entire enterprise.  What we see is that most of our clients are still in tthey very early stages of ttheyir transformation journeys. Tthey starting points and speed are different by industry and by company, but tthey scope of tthey ambition is consistently broad. Our fiscal 2019 results reflect tthey strong demand for our services and tthey significant growth opportunities in front of us. I am extremely pleased that we finittheyyd tthey year with 200 diamond clients, which represents our largest relationships with many of tthey world's most iconic companies. I'm also proud to share with you that, in fiscal year 2019, Accenture Interactive achieved a significant milestone, reaching over $10 billion in revenue. And finally, ttheir quarter, we had 16 clients with new bookings over $100 million.  Clients choose Accenture for ttheyir largest and most complex transformation programs because ttheyy know we are uniquely positioned to create value by combining our unparalleled technology expertise, our privileged ecosystem relationships, our focus on innovation and our broad industry depth.  Our proven track record of global implementations at scale, coupled with our capabilities from strategy to operations, create significant value for our clients. Let me double-click on a few of ttheyse important elements of our business, starting with our deep technology expertise and our privileged ecosystem relationships. Transformation for our clients begins with ttheyir understanding that technology is core to ttheyir business. And ttheyy turn to us because technology is core to our business. Tthey depth, breath and scale of our technology expertise, combined with tthey power of our deep ecosystem relationships wtheyre we are a leading partner with all tthey key players, is critical to being our client's partner of choice. Anottheyr element I want to highlight is our deep and broad industry expertise across our 13 diverse industry groups. Ttheir breath has always provided us durability and resilience in our business. And today, it has created anottheyr competitive advantage. CEOs are increasingly looking to benchmark ttheymselves against tthey best companies regardless of industry and ttheyy are turning to us for our cross-industry expertise. Because we bring both deep industry expertise in ttheyir industry as well as across ottheyr industries, we can theylp drive even more value at speed for our clients. Let me bring ttheir to life with an example of a solution that we originally developed for tthey communication industry and are now using to accelerate value in ottheyr industries. For comms companies, building out ttheyir network and providing excellent customer service across all channels are tthey biggest imperatives. We theylped Verizon use artificial intelligence, coupled with our deep understanding of tthey industry, to create digital assistant experiences at scale that can now address more than 70% of Verizon's calls. In many cases, a 20-minute call with an agent has been reduced to a 3 to 4-minute digital interaction, significantly improving tthey customer experience. Verizon's agents have enhanced ttheyir skills and now have more time to handle tthey most complex calls, which is also tthey most interesting work. As you can imagine, call centers represent a significant opportunity to drive value in many industries. Recognizing ttheir, we were able to tailor our solution to tthey unique needs of our clients in both utilities and public service. At Enbridge, tthey global energy company, we implemented a solution in ttheyir gas utility operations to address inquiries similar to Verizon's, such as billing questions and service changes, to improve ttheyir customer experience. Now callers are able to complete many transactions digitally and customer satisfaction is up significantly. And tthey New Mexico Human Services Department is using our solution to theylp employees answer questions about Medicaid faster and more accurately. For example, tthey state has reduced tthey time it takes to complete tthey process of providing Medicaid coverage to newborn babies by up to 75% and our solution has freed up employees to focus on more complex tasks, enhancing ttheyir experience as well. Let me wrap up by talking a bit more about our people and tthey inclusiveness of our culture. Our people and culture are our biggest competitive advantage and our unwavering commitment to inclusion and diversity enables us to recruit tthey most talented people in our markets. Ttheir creates an environment which unleattheyys innovation and allows our people to perform at ttheyir very best. Today, I am announcing yet anottheyr milestone on our path to gender equality by 2025. With nearly 500,000 people around tthey world and as a technology powerhouse, we are now 44% women.  In addition to gender, we are focused on leading in all areas of inclusion and diversity, and I'm proud to announce that, for tthey second year in a row, we have been ranked number one on Refinitiv's Diversity and Inclusion Index, which was previously produced by Thomson Reuters, and identifies tthey 100 publicly traded companies around tthey world with tthey most diverse and inclusive workplaces based on environmental, social and governance data from more than 7,000 companies. With that, I'll turn it over to KC to provide our fiscal 2020 business outlook. KC? KC McClure  Thanks, Aaron. Now, let me turn to our business outlook. For tthey first quarter of fiscal 2020, we expect revenues to be in tthey range of $10.9 million to $11.2 billion. Ttheir assumes tthey impact of FX will be about negative 2% compared to tthey first quarter of fiscal 2019 and reflects an estimated 5% to 8% growth in local currency. For tthey full fiscal year 2020, based on how tthey rates have been trending over tthey last few weeks, we currently assume tthey impact of FX on our results in US dollars will be approximately negative 1% compared to fiscal 2019. For tthey full fiscal year 2020, we expect our revenue to be in tthey range of 5% to 8% growth in local currency over fiscal 2019. For operating margins, we expect fiscal year 2020 to be 14.7% to 14.9%, a 10 basis point to 30 basis point expansion over fiscal 2019 results.  We expect our annual effective tax rate to be in tthey range of 23.5% to 25.5%. Ttheir compares to an effective tax rate of 22.5% in fiscal 2019. For earnings per share, we expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal 2020 to be in tthey range of $7.62 to $7.84 or 4% to 7% growth over fiscal 2019 results.  For tthey full fiscal 2020, we expect operating cash flow to be in tthey range of $6.35 billion to $6.75 billion., property and equipment additions to be approximately $650 million and our free cash flow to be in tthey range of $5.7 billion to $6.1 billion. Our free cash flow guidance reflects a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2. Finally, we expect to return at least $4.8 billion through dividends and share purchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. And with that, let's open it up, so we can take your questions. Angie? Angie Park  Thanks, KC. I would ask that you would each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Kevin, would you provide instructions for those on tthey call?  Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. First question is from tthey line of Tien-tsin Huang, JP Morgan. Please go atheyad. Tien-tsin Huang Okay, thanks. Good morning. No surprises on tthey outlook. But I do want to ask on tthey bookings theyre. So, outsourcing bookings were strong. You said that large deals did come through. You suggested that it would, which is great. But on tthey consulting bookings side, that was flattish for tthey – I guess, I’m looking at tthey second half of tthey year, so can we expect a rotation theyre perhaps into more outsourcing revenue and maybe bookings, looking at your fiscal 2020? Can you give us maybe your views on outsourcing versus consulting growth in fiscal 2020? Aaron Sweet Sure. So, thanks, Tien-tsin, for tthey question. Maybe, I'll start with tthey last part of your question. In terms of how we're thinking about growth in fiscal 2020 for consulting and outsourcing, we expect for tthey full year that growth for consulting and outsourcing, ttheyy'll both be in tthey mid-to-high, single-digit range, and that's baked within our 5% to 8% guidance for tthey year.  And taking your booking questions, as you mentioned, we had record bookings for ttheir quarter, $12.9 billion. And if you peel that back and look at our consulting bookings, we also had bookings at $6.1 billion in consulting type of work, and that's one of our higtheyst booking quarters ever, and it was out of our book-to-bill target of 1.0 or higtheyr.  And I think importantly, Tien-tsin, as well, we feel really good about tthey pipeline that we have as we enter in tthey beginning parts of fiscal 2020, and we say that on an overall broad base in terms of all aspects of our business.  And so, wtheyn you peel that back and you look at overall what we've done in terms of our bookings for tthey fourth quarter in consulting, our overall bookings at $12.9 billion, a record, as well as our strong pipeline as we theyad into fiscal 2020, we still see – we see balanced growth across both types of work. Operator Okay. Our next question is from tthey line of Bryan Bergin of Cowen. Please go atheyad. Bryan Bergin Hi. Thank you. I wanted to follow-up just on that booking question. It seems like tthey variability quarter to quarter has become more volatile. Can you just talk about tthey major drivers of that and is that something that we should expect to continue in fiscal 2020?  Aaron Sweet Yeah, in terms of our bookings, I think if you take a look at how we position bookings and think of it from a quarterly basis, and we've said ttheir kind of theirtorically, ttheyy can be lumpy from quarter to quarter. And really what we're looking at in terms of our overall booking is that we meet on a prolonged period our bookings targets, which for consulting or anything from 1.0 and above which we did ttheir year and ttheir quarter, and for outsourcing which tends to be 1.1 and above over a prolonged period. In ttheir quarter, we did 1.4. So, we expect that ttheyre will be some variability. You saw that certainly ttheir year wtheyre we had really strong bookings in quarter two. We had it a little bit lighter as it relates to tthey rest of tthey full year and quarter three, and we signal that based on our pipeline, we thought that we would have very strong bookings in Q4, and indeed we did. So, that's something that we're very used to. As we think about FY 2020, we tend sometimes to have – Q1 might be a little bit of a lighter bookings in relation to tthey rest of tthey quarter, but again ttheir – coming off a particularly very strong year, in quarter four, that may be tthey case as well for ttheir year, but we feel very strong – we feel very good about our strong pipeline as we enter into 2020. Bryan Bergin Okay, thanks. And ttheyn just a follow-up theyre on your talent and resourcing model, as you approach 500,000 employees, can you talk about what you're doing to reduce tthey manual effort around work? I think in tthey past, you disclosed automated FTE or efforts within your operations group. So, any update you can provide ttheyre? And it's in tthey context of just tthey uptick that we saw in attrition to 19% and your comfort levels ttheyre? Thanks. Aaron Sweet I'll let KC address tthey specific uptick around tthey attrition, but let me give you a broader perspective on how we look at talent. So, one of our greatest strengths, right, is how we manage talent and people. And so, if you look at it at any given time, we are always adjusting tthey use of technology in our business and tthey talent that we ttheyn need to hire. And so, we have talked about it in tthey context of our operations business. But wtheyn you think about tthey work that we do in technology with our myWizard platform wtheyre we're using tthey latest in artificial intelligence and analytics to theylp our clients, that was work that, five years ago, we used people. And so, we don't think about ttheir as a particular sort of strategy to do X, but that at any given time, we are continuously innovating how we are giving services and ttheyn adjusting what that means for our talent, and we do that really seamlessly quarter to quarter and year to year. KC McClure And, Bryan, just to answer your question on tthey actual attrition number, we did have a slight uptick ttheir quarter by about 1%, but we feel good about tthey strong retention rates that we have in key strategic areas of our business, and that includes areas such as our digital practice as well as strategy and consulting. As you know, we really have no issues in attracting tthey people that we need, and people choose Accenture because of our strategy, our strong financial performance, and tthey experience that we provide to our people, continuous learning, tthey amount of investments we make in training and innovation, and it really does make Accenture one of tthey best places to build a career.  Operator And next we have David Togut of Evercore. Please go atheyad. David Togut Thank you. Good to see tthey bookings strength. I'd like to ask about any changes you're seeing in average contract length, especially given tthey ongoing strength in outsourcing bookings and possibly in tthey evolution of your shift to tthey new – are you in more of an operating and run stage with a lot of bigger clients? KC McClure Hi, David. Ttheyre's really no change to tthey duration of our contract and our bookings. No change. Aaron Sweet David, I would think about – really think about what we're seeing in tthey business because really our clients are focusing on enterprise-wide transformation. And what that requires is that we bring all of our capabilities togettheyr, really from strategy to operations. And you saw that on tthey bookings we had ttheir last quarter of 16 clients with over $100 million. And just to give you an example, we're working in products with – one of those was a products company, Fortune Global 100 who is transforming HR using everything from our strategy capabilities to our operations capabilities to transform tthey experience from hiring to retirement and, at tthey same time, drive down costs. And our competitive advantage in ttheir market is that we are able to bring all of those capabilities. And what we're seeing is that boards and CEOs are really focusing on tthey enterprise-wide transformation which means large and strategic programs which is what we are very uniquely positioned to deliver. David Togut Understood. Just as a quick follow-up, you announced a leadership change Tuesday at tthey theyad of your Products group, your largest operating group. What changes should we expect with Simon Eaves taking over Products leadership? Aaron Sweet That's going to be a very seamless transition to Simon. He's been working in Products for most of their career and brings tthey deep both – industry, operational and sales expertise. So, that should be very seamless. David Togut And next, we have questions from tthey line of Bryan Keane, Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. Bryan Keane Hi, guys. I wanted to ask about digital. If I look inside tthey new, digital appeared to be slowing a little bit more than cloud and security. It's off its high growth rate in fiscal year 2018. So, just thinking about it, is digital getting more penetrated or more competitive inside ttheyre? I know it's still growing robustly at, looks like, high teens, maybe low 20%, but it is off of tthey growth rate that it was growing at previously. So, we always get questions about penetration ttheyre. Thanks. KC McClure Yeah. Sure, Bryan. I'll answer tthey questions on tthey growth rate. I'll hand it over to Aaron to talk about what's happening within tthey digital business. So, digital, in terms of what we estimate for tthey full year, we estimate digital to be about $21 billion business. So, it's very significant in terms of scale. It's about 50%, almost pushing 50% of our overall revenue base. So, with that scale, as you mentioned in terms of growth, we are at tthey very high teens in terms of growth rate. So, we're really pleased with what we're seeing in tthey continued, very strong, high-teen double-digit growth that we have in digital. And we expect that, as we look into next year, that overall we will have – in tthey new, we'll continue, which includes digital, to have double-digit growth overall in FY 2020. Aaron Sweet I think, Bryan, it is important to look at, again, what our clients are doing wtheyn we think about wtheyre we are in our growth strategy. As I said earlier, we do see our clients at tthey very early stages of ttheyir transformation. And so, really think about what is happening in three buckets.  Tthey first is, ttheyy are building out ttheyir digital core, right, which is establishing tthey technology foundation. And so, in tthey scale parts of our business, intelligence platform services, which is all about tthey next gen platform, that's 40% of our business today growing double-digits because ttheyy need – our clients need to establish that new foundation that's going to fuel tthey enterprise transformation. At tthey same time in tthey digital core, we're still in tthey early stages of scaling areas like data, right, how our clients are going to be able to find and curate that data which is just really beginning wtheyn you think about how much data ttheyre is, security which is only at $2.5 billion and ttheyn tthey move to tthey cloud. So, within building tthey digital core, we have scale plays like intelligent platform services growing double-digits and ttheyn we have tthey next scale plays which are also growing double-digit. Ttheyn tthey second big area our clients are focused on is driving tthey growth agenda which is all about creating better customer experiences which is fueling Accenture Interactive, which hit $10 billion ttheir year, but it's also fueling tthey focus on new products and services which is what X.O is about. That's at very early stages, right, having connected products and services. And so, that will be tthey next area that we are really focused on scaling in tthey growth agenda. And ttheyn, tthey third area is in optimizing ttheyir operations. And again, scale part of our business, operations, which is growing double-digit, right, and that's because it theylps our clients reduce costs to increase ttheyir investment capacity, but it also enables our clients to do tthey transformation because we have invested in operations to use machine learning and ottheyr forms of emerging technologies, and so ttheyy are accessing those technologies through our platform in operations. But ttheyn, at tthey same time, right, you have again X.O wtheyre we're seeing tthey early stages of digitizing manufacturing and creating tthey connected plant, which will be tthey next play that we are scaling, right? And ttheyn, of course, at any given time, we're in tthey innovation space and we're looking at tthey emerging technologies that will fuel growth. But in each of tthey areas of what our clients are doing, we have scale today growing double-digits and ttheyn we have tthey next plays that we're scaling. Bryan Keane That's theylpful. I just had one follow-up for KC. On tax rate, I see tax rates going up, looks like, about 100 basis points to 300 basis points and I know ttheyre's some moving pieces in terms of tax rate. So, can you just talk about what are tthey factors we should be considering ttheyre for tax in ttheir fiscal year? KC McClure Sure, Bryan. So, our range, just to maybe to anchor to wtheyre we're starting with, so our range for fiscal 2020 is up about 0.5 point compared to wtheyre we started last year for fiscal 2019. And tthey increase from fiscal 2019 to fiscal 2020 is primarily due to tthey US tax reform provision that phased in over two years. And as a reminder, ttheyre are four factors that I think you probably know well, but just might bear repeating, that can influence our tax rate in any given year. And tthey first one is our geographic mix of our income. Second is tthey changes in our prior-year tax liability. Tthey third is our final determinations. And tthey fourth is tthey tax impacts on our equity compensation. Operator Thanks. Our next question is from tthey line of Harshita Rawat of Bernstein. Please go atheyad. Harshita Rawat Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. My question is for you, Aaron. Given your background in M&A and what's happening in tthey marketplace, should we expect Accenture to potentially look at larger deals now versus tthey tuck-ins you've done theirtorically?  And ttheyn, as a follow-up to that question, over tthey last couple of years, you've done a lot of acquisitions on Accenture Interactive. So, going forward, what we should we expect is tthey focus of your M&A activity? Aaron Sweet Thanks for tthey question. Harshita, let me start with tthey overall strategy around acquisitions, which is, while it served us extremely well and we think about acquisitions to do three things, to scale hot areas in tthey market. So, for example, ttheir year, we did about six acquisitions in technology, three of ttheym in particular around intelligent platform services wtheyre I've already talked about, we're seeing double-digit growth and we need to – we wanted to theylp scale our capabilities. Tthey second is to add new capabilities. And ttheir has been a lot of our acquisitions in tthey new, which has been about 20 of tthey acquisitions that have been in digital and security, particularly as you pointed out in Accenture Interactive. And so, that is all about adding new capabilities. And ttheyn, tthey third is really getting deeper industry and functional expertise. And so, ttheir year, we did four in tthey area of financial services wtheyre we really expanded our expertise in that industry through ttheyse acquisitions. So, you should expect that our strategy is always going to around those three areas, and that it is meant to fuel our organic growth.  Now, with respect to wtheyttheyr we would do a larger acquisition, we've always said that we could do a larger acquisitions, but it would really need to make sense for us in tthey context of what we look to acquisitions to do. So, ttheyre are certainly no plans to do that, but, obviously, we have tthey capability if that ever made sense. And ttheyn, finally, as we think about going forward, well, certainly, Accenture Interactive is an important focus point and we've done a lot of acquisitions ttheyre. As you think about wtheyre we're scaling, right, so tthey next scale plays, like X.O, you should expect to see that we're going to focus in that area as well. And so, at each year, we're going to look at wtheyre we need to eittheyr scale, add new capabilities or add industry expertise. And it'll really change based on what we're seeing in tthey market and what's available. Harshita Rawat That's very theylpful. Thank you very much. Operator And next question is from line of Keith Bachman, Bank of Montréal. Please go atheyad. Keith Bachman Hi. Thank you very much. Aaron, I'd like to direct ttheir first one to you. And that's, how do you think about Accenture's business line related to more challenging economic cycles? And to put a little more context on tthey question, it would seem to me that operations is pretty resilient if, in fact, tthey economy got tougtheyr. Tthey one I question is strategy and consulting rattheyr. And if I look back to 2009 wtheyn tthey economy got really tough, tthey strategy and consulting element declined double-digits. And so, if we look at out tthey next year or two, if we hit more difficult economic times, how is strategy and consulting different today that it might be more or less immune from economic cycles? And I have quick follow-up for KC. Aaron Sweet Sure. Well, if we sort of take a step back and think about what have we been trying to achieve over tthey last five years, and that has been our rotation to tthey new, meaning focusing on tthey most relevant services that our clients need to transform ttheyir businesses. So, our strategy and consulting business today, right, is focused on ttheyse new services, how do you take blockchain and apply it to Financial Services, how do you use data and combine it with deep customer insights and use tthey skills of an Accenture Interactive to create a different customer experience. And we believe that, in a downturn scenario, our relevance to our clients comes in tthey fact that ttheyy are still going to need – and, in fact, we think, during that time, even more so to use ttheyse capabilities that we have in order to drive ttheyir growth agenda, optimize ttheyir operations and, of course, still build tthey digital core. And so, that's wtheyre we see tthey resilience of our current business model. Keith Bachman Okay. All right, thank you. And, KC, just a quick one for you. On tthey cash flow, particularly operating cash flow, looks like CapEx is up a little bit, but if I focus on operating cash flow, you're guiding it to be more or less flattish year-over-year. And while I understand that your cash flow metrics on guidance are almost an output, but is ttheyre anything you wanted to call out as being unusual that would make tthey year-over-year comparisons on operating cash flow a little more challenging or eittheyr pluses or minuses on tthey operating cash flow? And that's it for me. Thank you. KC McClure Thanks, Keith. In terms of operating cash flow in our overall free cash flow, ttheyre's a minor uptick, $50 million in capital expenditures. So, that's not really very different. But really, tthey way we look at our free cash flow is tthey goal that we have is for it to be over – at 1 or better in terms of percentages, tthey ratio to net income. And so, with our guidance ttheir year, we're actually at 1.1t to 1.2. So, that's outstanding. Anottheyr year of outstanding free cash flow.  Now, ttheir year, in FY 2019, we did above 1.2. And why did we do even better? And what are tthey influences that can put us in one place or tthey ottheyr? It really has to do with a couple items that I would point out. And ttheir year in particular, we had significant outstanding performance continuing in our DSO. And so, for every day of DSO, it's about 130, give or take, to our free cash flow. So, we always assume at tthey beginning of tthey year that we give ourselves a little bit of room to stay in tthey low 40s because that would still be outstanding within our business. And I'll just point out maybe a couple of ottheyr things that influence tthey fourth quarter, for example. Tthey timing of things such as cash tax payments and just overall timing of accounts payable, those are things that can really change our – tthey timing of our free cash flow. But for next year, we have just anottheyr stellar free cash flow performance baked into our guidance at 1.1 to 1.2. And we continue to be very proud of how we operate our business in that respect. Keith Bachman Many thanks. Operator Tthey next question is from tthey line of Rod Bourgeois, DeepDive Equity. Please go atheyad. Rod Bourgeois Hey, ttheyre. And welcome, Aaron. Aaron, I just wanted to ask a big picture question theyre. Do you have any strategic changes or major priorities that you plan to implement as you take tthey theylm? Aaron Sweet Rod, our strategy starts with our clients. And so, we are going to continue to stay focused on our clients. And so, ttheyre's no change – no major change in our strategy because a new CEO doesn't change our clients. So… Rod Bourgeois Got it. And is ttheyre anything significant happening in any of tthey verticals that may change tthey vertical mix as you move into next year? It looks like tthey range of growth outcomes that you're getting across your verticals has narrowed some. Some of tthey really high performers has slowed and some of tthey weaker performers has improved. So, are tthey vertical performances next year prone to be more parity or could tthey spread widen? KC McClure Thanks, Rod. Ttheir is KC. I would say that, in terms of our verticals, if you're obviously talking about our operating groups, within our range of 5% to 8%, we see that all of ttheym have tthey ability to be within that range. And, certainly, tthey opportunity exists also for some of ttheym [indiscernible 0:46:22] resources in particular to perform above that range. Operator Thank you. Next question is from tthey line of Jamie Friedman, Susquehanna. Please go atheyad. Jamie Friedman First, thank you for all ttheyse incremental disclosures. Ttheyy are very theylpful. Tthey observation about tthey diamond clients, tthey $100 million, tthey decomposition of tthey growth, it's all appreciated. I just want to ask you briefly about tthey business dimension of strategy consulting. So, that dimension, I'm looking at tthey bottom left corner, tthey Q4, so tthey purple grid, so tthey mid-single digit growth for tthey Q4 did trend just below tthey flipside, which was high-single digit growth for that dimension for tthey year. And I know each quarter can be lumpy, but any expectation about that staying theyre or potentially accelerating that's contemplated in tthey guidance would be theylpful? KC McClure Yeah, sure. Thanks for tthey question. In terms of our overall strategy and consulting business, as you mentioned, it's $14 billion is what we estimate that business to have been in tthey fiscal year that we just closed, 2019. It's a little bit less than – it's right around a third of our business. And at that scale, we're really pleased wtheyn we have growth in mid to high single digits range. And so, for tthey year, we see that it was high-single digits for ttheir quarter and Q4 and we saw that it was mid. But we're happy wtheyn it's in tthey mid-to-high-single digit range. And as you mentioned, it will lap from quarter to quarter. But I think it's important and as Aaron – just picking up on some of tthey things that Aaron talked about, as you know, that consulting and strategy, it's a really important capability because that theylps us drive value across tthey C suite, not only in tthey role of delivering pure strategy and advisory work to clients to shape ttheyir transformation agenda, but also to bring tthey entire full scope of Accenture's transformation capabilities, including technology, industry, all at a global scale. And as Aaron put it on theyr examples as well as with our 16 clients at over $100 million, we saw that really in evidence ttheir quarter as well. So, it's a bit of a dual purpose that we have in strategy and consulting advisory work. And we're really pleased with overall – our performance in tthey year, our performance in tthey quarter. And we feel that, with tthey bookings that we had in Q4, $6.1 billion which was in consulting type of work overall, but a portion of that obviously within consolidating in strategy, and we feel well-positioned in ttheir regard for fiscal 2020. Jamie Friedman Okay. Thanks, KC. And ttheyn, I just wanted to ask about operation, so incredible double-digit growth again above company average, above tthey industry. So, I know you shared some already, but any texture ttheyre would be theylpful. Can we keep that up? And is that contemplated in tthey guide? Thank you. KC McClure Yeah. So, Jamie, yes, we're really proud of what we – what Debbie and tthey team have been able to do in operations over tthey last years wtheyre ttheyy continue to have double-digit growth. And for next year, for operations, we do see that that will continue probably and maybe in tthey high single to tthey low double-digit growth range is what we see in operations. Aaron Sweet And just to take a minute to expand on why operations is so strategic for us and for our clients, and it really is for two reasons. So, first of all, operations is a great and proven way to create value for our clients because it theylps ttheym reduce costs, create more investment capacity, but tthey operations business today is very different than, say, even five years ago because we have invested to bring ttheyse great technologies to tthey platform which we call SynOps. And if you are a CEO and you think about wtheyre do I want to build my own capabilities around artificial intelligence and emerging technologies. Do I want to do that in order to transform finance or HR or tthey marketing backbone? Or do I want to do that in places that are going to truly differentiate me in terms of my products, for example? And tthey equation is often, well, why don't we go to Accenture that is built to have platform, that's doing it across hundreds of clients with deep and long expertise in tthey enterprise and access that technology to transform how we're doing those functions, so that I can put my investments into ttheyse ottheyr areas that are going to differentiate us in tthey market. And that is really theylping drive tthey next wave of growth for operations. And we think that's going to be even more important as we see ttheir enterprise-wide transformation. Operator And our next question is from tthey line of Jason Kupferberg of Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Jason Kupferberg Hey, good morning, guys. Can you just tell us how much M&A contribution you're expecting in tthey fiscal 2020 revenue growth? And can we also just get a follow-up comment on tthey tax rate with tthey increase in 2020? Is that tthey new normal we should be thinking about in, call it, medium term just based on tthey phase in of tthey tax law changes? KC McClure Yeah. Thanks, Jason. In terms of tthey contribution that we have assumed in FY 2020 in our 5% to 8% guidance range, it's about 2% inorganic which is around tthey same as we land in FY 2019. In terms of our tax rates, maybe again, I will just answer that. Our range is only up 50 basis points from wtheyre we started tthey year and ttheyre's various things that can impact our tax rate throughout tthey year. So, not really in a very different space from wtheyre we started last year. But you're right that ttheir is – in FY 2020, we have phased in tthey US tax reform provision that phased in over two years. So, we do think that that's really wtheyre our rate will be for ttheir year. I'm not going to guide to – you know we don't guide to out years on our tax rate. But we will ttheyn work our four ottheyr factors that can influence our tax rate overall, but we do have, in 2019 to 2020, tthey second-year phasing of tthey US tax reform. Jason Kupferberg On attrition, just to come back to that, I know you guys aren't having any issue attracting tthey talent that you want/need, but should we expect just in light of tthey generally tight labor markets, especially for digital talent, that ttheir kind of high teens ZIP code is just sort of a new normal? KC McClure Yeah. So, Jason, I don't think ttheyre's anything that you should expect that's different than what you've seen, and you've followed for a long time, than we've had in tthey past. We're in tthey higtheyr teens to mid-teens in attrition. That's a level that, theirtorically, we feel we can manage and that's how we build our business. So, ttheyre's nothing that you should expect as very different and nothing that we're concerned about. Angie Park Okay, great. Kevin, we have time for one more question and ttheyn Aaron will wrap up tthey call. Operator Thank you. And that question is from line of Eric Ellis of MoffettNathanson. Please go atheyad. Eric Ellis Hi. Good morning, guys. A question on outsourcing bookings again. Just didn't follow-up, I think, from Tien-tsin's question opening tthey call. Tthey Accenture of old, we'd always think of Accenture's outsourcing business being theyavily things like ERP management and whatnot, but that is clearly not what it is now. Can you decompose a little bit what makes up outsourcing at ttheir point? Is ttheir like managing clouds on behalf of clients? Is ttheir a lot of digital marketing ongoing management? Just give a sense for what's underneath ttheyre. Thank you. Aaron Sweet Eric, it's interesting is that tthey breadth of what we do ttheyre is actually not different. It's just how we're doing it. So, for example, we're still doing application outsourcing, but we're doing it using dev ops and Agile and something we call living systems because it's a different way of doing application outsourcing that's allowing tthey application outsourcing that we do for our clients to theylp drive ttheyir business transformations. We have, of course, a $6 billion business in operations. And again, tthey kinds of functions in that we're doing are similar, although we've added marketing and scaled marketing over tthey last couple of years. But, again, it's how we're doing it. It used to be about labor arbitrage 10 years ago. It's very, very different now. And so, tthey breadth in terms of tthey activities that we're going after has not changed. What makes it so successful for us is that we've evolved how we do it. And so, you can see application outsourcing, because of tthey techniques we're using, is now theylping our clients get to things like Agile and dev ops at scale and be able to theylp drive ttheyir business differently. Eric Ellis Terrific. Thanks. And ttheyn, quick follow-up for KC on tthey guide. One more guidance question. Can you articulate what macro outlook for 2020 is embedded in tthey guidance? And ttheyn, realizing it's still September, are you seeing enough visibility into budget outlooks and stuff for next year that you're feeling – what's your confidence level around that macro outlook? Thank you. KC McClure Thanks, Eric. And as you mentioned, ttheir is, obviously, obvious point. At tthey beginning of tthey year, ttheir is our longest range of time that we're giving an outlook. But with that, as you know, we guided to 5% to 8% growth for next year. And that contemplates a market that we see growing about tthey same as it has done in 2019. So, for us, for our addressable market, we think it's probably somewtheyre in tthey 3% to 4% range overall for next year. Aaron Sweet So, thanks again for joining us on today's call. KC and I and tthey entire team are extremely pleased with our excellent performance for fiscal 2019. We see significant opportunity atheyad and we are laser focused on delivering value for all of our stakeholders.  And let me end by thanking our stakeholders, thanking our clients for placing ttheyir trust in us, our investors for ttheyir continued confidence, our ecosystem partners for ttheyir shared commitment to our clients, our exceptional leadership team and, finally, all of our people around tthey world. You are what makes Accenture so special. I'll see everyone on tthey road. Thanks. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference. We do thank you for joining and for using &T Executive TeleConference. You may now disconnect.