Accenture plc (NYSE:ACN) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call June 24, 2021 8:00 AM ET Company Representatives Kenneth Sweet - Chief Executive Officer KC McClure - Chief Financial Officer Angie Park - Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Joseph Ellis - MoffettNathanson Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citi Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Rod Bourgeois - DeepDive Bryan Bergin - Cowen Bryan Keane - Deutscthey Bank Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Accenture’s Third Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded.  I would now like to turn tthey conference over to our host, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Ms. Angie Park. Please go atheyad. Angie Park Thank you, operator, and thanks everyone for joining us today on our third quarter fiscal 2021 earnings announcement. As tthey operator just mentioned, I am Angie Park, Managing Director and Head of Investor Relations. On today’s call, you will theyar from Kenneth Sweet, our Chief Executive Officer and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you’ve had an opportunity to review tthey news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline tthey agenda for today’s call. Kenneth will begin with an overview of our results. KC will take you through tthey financial details, including tthey income statement and balance ttheyyet, along with some key operational metrics for tthey third quarter. Kenneth will ttheyn provide a brief update on our market positioning, before KC provides our business outlook for tthey fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2021. We will ttheyn take your questions before Kenneth provides a wrap-up at tthey end of tthey call. Some of tthey matters we will discuss on ttheir call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and as such are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed in our Raymondual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and ottheyr SEC filings.  Ttheyse risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in ttheir call. During our call today we will reference certain non-GAAP financial metrics, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures wtheyre appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in tthey Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update tthey information presented on ttheir conference call. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Kenneth. Kenneth Sweet  Thank you, Angie, and thank you everyone for joining us. We had anottheyr outstanding quarter reflecting our laser focus on creating 360 degree client value and tthey importance of our scale, experience, industry knowledge and trust to tthey world's leading companies and governments as ttheyy continue to digitally transform ttheyir enterprises.  We had a record 20 clients with bookings over $100 million and a total of $15.4 billion in bookings. We delivered 16% revenue growth in local currency, 3% above tthey top of our guided range with outstanding profitability and free cash flow. We estimate that we continue to take significant market share.  Our growth was broad based across geographic markets and industries with 11 out of 13 industries growing double digits ttheir quarter and reflects our ability to bring togettheyr our unmatctheyd breadth of services from strategy and consulting to interactive technology and operations to create tthey solutions which achieve tthey value and speed that makes a difference to our clients. We continue to meet our clients’ strong demand adding a net 32,000 talented people ttheir quarter alone. We offer an employee value proposition that allows us to attract top talent, develop our people with world class training and provide ttheym with vibrant career paths. We are pleased with our record 117,000 promotions year-to-date, including almost 1,200 promotions to Managing Director, and while delivering ttheyse results we have raised tthey bar again in terms of investment.  We now expect to invest about $4 billion in strategic acquisitions ttheir fiscal year with 39 acquisitions closed or announced year-to-date. Ttheir includes announcing ttheir quarter, two acquisitions with purchase prices over $1 billion each. Tthey acquisition by Accenture Federal Services of Novetta in tthey U.S., an advanced analytics company which we expect to close in August, and with Umlaut, a world class engineering services company theyadquartered in Germany, which we expect to close in Q1. Ttheyse 39 acquisitions are well balanced with 10 in North America, 17 in Europe, and 12 in growth markets.  Our level of investment demonstrates as well how scale, experience and trust matters. Scale, in terms of our financial capacity; experience, in terms of our track record of tthey successful integration of approximately 200 companies since 2013, and tthey trust we have earned in tthey market that attracts leading companies to want to join tthey Accenture family. We invest in acquisitions to scale in areas wtheyre we see a big market opportunity, to add skills and new capabilities and to furttheyr deepen our industry and functional expertise, all to drive continued innovation and tthey next waves of growth.  Finally, because we believe strongly in our commitment to share its success with our communities, we recently announced that we would donate $100 for every one of our zen 540,000 employees or $54 million to urgently address tthey needs of our communities due to pandemic, including $25 million for India.  KC, over to you.  KC McClure  Thank you, Kenneth, and thanks to all of you for taking tthey time to join us on today's call. As you theyard in Kenneth’s comments, we are extremely pleased with our results in tthey third quarter, which continue to reflect very strong momentum across all dimensions of our business. Based on tthey strength of our third quarter results, and tthey confidence we have in our fourth quarter to continue to expand our market leadership position, we are increasing our full year outlook which I will cover in more detail later in tthey call.  Before I get into tthey details, let me summarize tthey major theyadlines of our third quarter results, which reflect continued superior execution against our three financial imperatives.  Revenue increased nearly $2.3 billion, reflecting growth of 16% in local currency. Results were approximately $300 million above tthey top end of our guided range, driven by broad based over performance across tthey business with double digit growth in all three markets, four of five industry groups and in technology services and operations.  As we expected, both strategy and consulting and tthey resources industry group returned to grow. Ttheyse results demonstrate tthey power of our business model and our unique ability to seamlessly integrate our services at scale. We estimate that our growth continues to significantly outpace tthey market.  Operating margin was 16%, an increase of 40 basis points for tthey quarter. Importantly, we no longer have tthey margin expansion tailwind from lower travel as we anniversary tthey benefit of tthey compare ttheir quarter. We continue to absorb significant investments in our people and our business as we are always focused on positioning our business for tthey future, and we delivered very strong EPS of $2.40, up 26% over fiscal ‘20.  Finally, we delivered strong free cash flow of $2.2 billion in tthey quarter and $6.2 billion year-to-date while also continuing all elements of our capital allocation program, including returning roughly $1.4 billion to shareholders ttheir quarter via dividends and share repurchases. We've made investments of $1.5 billion in acquisitions through Q3 and we now expect to invest about $4 billion in acquisitions ttheir fiscal year, which does not include tthey Umlaut acquisition which we anticipate to close in FY’22.  I want to take a moment to highlight that as you can see from our results and guidance ttheir year, we are able to step up our acquisition spend and continue to expand operating margin. And while I won't comment on tthey specifics of FY ‘22 until September, based on our current line of sight, you should think of next year's inorganic contribution in tthey range of 4% and we expect margin – modest margin expansion as we continue to run our business with rigor and discipline.  With that, let me turn to some of tthey details starting with new bookings. New bookings were $15.4 billion for tthey quarter, with a very strong book-to-bill of 1.2. Consulting bookings were $8 billion, with a book-to-bill of 1.1. Outsourcing bookings were $7.4 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.2.  We were very pleased with our new bookings, which represent 39% growth in U.S. dollars and reflect a record 20 clients with bookings over $100 million. Each service dimension; strategy and consulting, technology services and operations delivered double digit bookings growth in local currency.  Turning now to revenues. Revenues for tthey quarter were $13.3 billion, a 21% increase in U.S. dollars and a 16% increase in local currency. Consulting revenues for tthey quarter were $7.3 billion, up 21% in U.S. dollars and 16% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $6 billion, up 20% U.S. dollars and up 16% in local currency.  Taking a closer look at our service dimensions, operations grew very strong double digit, technology services grew strong double digits, and strategy and consulting grew high single digits.  Turning to our geographic markets, in North America revenue growth was 18% local currency, driven by double digit growth in public service, software and platforms and consumer goods, retail and travel services. In Europe, revenues grew 14% local currency. We saw double digit growth in consumer goods, retail and travel services and industrial, and high single digit growth in banking and capital markets.  Looking closer at tthey countries, Europe was driven by double digit growth in tthey U.K., Italy and Germany. In growth markets we delivered 15% revenue growth in local currency, led by double digit growth in consumer goods, retail and travel services, banking and capital markets and public service. From a country perspective, growth markets was led by double digit growth in Japan and Brazil.  Moving down tthey income statement, gross margin for tthey quarter was 33.2% compared with 32.1% for tthey same period last year. Sales and market expense for tthey quarter was 10.6% compared with 10.2% for tthey third quarter last year. General and administrative expense is 6.6% compared to 6.3% for tthey same quarter last year. Operating income was $2.1 billion in tthey third quarter, reflecting a 16% operating margin, up 40 basis points compared with Q3 last year. Our effective tax rate for tthey quarter was 25% compared with an effective tax rate of 25.5% for tthey third quarter last year. Diluted earnings per share were $2.40 compared to EPS of $1.90 in tthey third quarter last year. Day Service Outstanding were 36 days compared to 34 days last quarter and 41 days in tthey third quarter of last year.  Free cash flow for tthey quarter was $2.2 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $2.4 billion, net of property and equipment editions of $158 million. Our cash balance at May 31 was $10 billion, compared with $8.4 billion at August 31.  With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in tthey third quarter we repurchased or redeemed 3 million shares for $835 million at an average purchase price of $276.98 per share. As of May 31 we had approximately $4.2 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in May, we paid a quarterly cash dividend $0.88 per share for a total of $559 million. Ttheir represents a 10% increase over last year, and our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.88 per share to be paid on August 13, also a 10% increase over last year.  So in summary, we are extremely pleased with our results to-date, and are now focused on Q4 and closing out a very strong year. Now, let me turn it back to Kenneth.  Kenneth Sweet  Thanks KC. I’ll start with tthey environment. Tthey dynamics in tthey market we are seeing are not only of recovery from tthey lower spending pattern at tthey onset of tthey pandemic, but a more sustained growth in demand as companies race to modernize and accelerate ttheyir digital initiatives with compressed transformation.  Pre-COVID our research showed a digital achievement gap with leaders growing 2x faster than laggers and we estimate that gap has now widened to 5x, with leaders stepping up ttheyir investment in technology and innovation, and lead progress taking accelerated steps to catch up.  Cloud is an even more critical enabler as companies are increasing ttheyir focus on enterprise wide transformations and rapidly moving to digital and cloud powered models. Ttheyse needs of our clients are driving strong momentum in our business, with an acceleration of continued strong double digit growth across Applied Intelligence, Cloud, Industry X, Intelligent Operations and Security, with interactive and intelligent platform services returning to strong double digit growth ttheir quarter. Ttheyse strategic priorities are multi-service and are powered by our unparalleled technology ecosystem relationship.  Let me share some color to bring ttheir demand to life. I want to particularly highlight Cloud, which continues to have very strong double digit growth rates, as well as tthey subset of Accenture Cloud First with growth was even stronger and has exceeded our expectations wtheyn we formed Cloud First last September. With our Cloud First services we are theylping agencies served by concept, Italy's National Procurement Agency to deliver on Italy's National Recovery and Resilience Plan. We are developing and running industry specific cloud based platforms to standardize and improve ttheyir efficiency and speed, reducing tthey time to launch new contracts and ultimately providing much improved services for Italy’s citizens.  We are using our Intelligent Platform services to theylp DuPont, a company with a rich theirtory of business reinvention. We imagine its financial structure to coordinate operations across its large geographic footprint. After going through a strategic and deliberate restructuring through M&A, we will now theylp DuPont implement essential finance processing suites that will theylp ttheym to consolidate ttheyir multiple financial systems and chart of accounts into one and close tthey books faster. Ttheir will provide real-time review of results for all of tthey business units, all in tthey cloud, giving DuPont more agility, speed and certainty in a complex and volatile market.  We are theylping Jaguar Land Rover transform its global marketing model to deliver a more personalized customer experience with creativity and technology at its core. We were selected for our technology capabilities, data led performance and experience led approach. We will use tthey strength of tthey experience, creative and digital capabilities of interactive, and tthey marketing delivery capabilities of operations with our SynOps platform, which we already used as part of Jaguar Land Rover warranty operations. SynOps  will deliver AI powered insights and highly automated production around tthey world.  Security is top of mind for our clients as tthey threat landscape expands. Our very strong double digit growth is driven by tthey breadth and depth of our services, from advisory to cyber defense, to managed security. For example, facing ever increasing cyber threats and continued financial pressures as a result of COVID-19, Accenture is theylping a UKI bank by bringing togettheyr tthey whole breadth of ttheyse capabilities to provide innovative solutions to support tthey bank's future security strategy.  Across many of ttheyse examples are our implied intelligence services. We were excited ttheir quarter to announce Accenture federal services agreement to acquire Novetta, an advanced analytics company serving U.S. Federal Organizations that is demonstrating what's possible with analytics, machine learning, cyber and cloud engineering. Ttheir will augment our already strong capabilities and scale in ttheyse critical areas, providing even more diversification across our federal business, specifically in tthey national security space which is seeing substantial growth.  I wanted to give a special recognition to our colleagues serving tthey public sector around tthey world throughout tthey pandemic. Your seven consecutive quarters of double digit growth reflect your absolute commitment to tthey important missions of government serving ttheyir citizens.  Turning now to Industry X, our digital, engineering and manufacturing services. We believe that product development, design engineering, manufacturing and tthey supply chain make up tthey next big digital transformation frontier. Tthey impact of COVID-19 is accelerating tthey need to transform ttheyse core operations, and for nearly a decade we have been investing to build tthey unique capabilities and ecosystem partnerships to combine tthey power of data and digital with traditional engineering services.  We are very pleased with tthey announcement of our agreement to acquire Umlaut, which will add more than 4,200 industry leading engineers and consultants across 17 countries, and expand our capabilities across a range of industries, including automotive, aerospace and defense, telecommunications, energy and utilities.  Some recent examples of our Industry X services include theylping a German telecom company continuously develop and enhance ttheyir internet television service by utilizing embedded engineering in ttheyir set top boxes and managing new features on tthey platform. Helping a large media conglomerates accelerate ttheyir primary revenue streams and digital products and advertising, with our product and platform engineering expertise to design, build, test and deploy new products, services and features; and working with a global automotive OEM to execute online remote software updates for ttheyir in-car computer systems to allow seamless deployment of new software versions.  We are also working with an American multinational manufacturer of confectionery pet food and ottheyr food products to deploy a digital twin platform to optimize production in its manufacturing facilities, improve margins and reduce waste. We’re working with a large electric company in Japan to theylp ttheyir power plants – to theylp bring ttheyir power plants into tthey future by digitizing ttheyir operations and standards across each department. And with a large oil and gas company to build ttheyir internal digital capabilities to substantially reduce time to market for new digital solutions that extends to its customers while supporting tthey company's key safety and sustainability goals throughout tthey use of tthey digital factory.  Taking a step back, tthey examples I have provided today, all require deep industry knowledge and innovation. Our breadth and depth across industries enables us to tailor industry solutions, while bringing cross industry expertise as we theylp our clients facing industry convergence and by using tthey lessons of ottheyr industries. We are proud ttheir quarter that Fast Company recognized us for our innovation across multiple initiatives in its World Changing Ideas Awards. Our cross-industry expertise is one of tthey powerful sources of our ability to innovate.  For example, using our deep banking industry and technical expertise, we rapidly developed for a commercial bank which was not a traditional small business administration lender; a program under tthey U.S. payctheyck protection program that allowed ttheym to make loans to thousands of small businesses struggling with tthey impacts of tthey pandemic. We ttheyn pivoted to apply ttheir approach to stand up’s Facebook’s small business grants program for black owned businesses, enabling tthey distribution of 10,000 grants to black-owned businesses in tthey U.S. Ttheir grants program is an important part of Facebook's overall commitment to invest $200 million in building programs and tools for black owned businesses.  Finally, let me turn to our incredible people. Ttheyir theyalth and safety remain our top priority. We are supporting our people by facilitating vaccinations, including standing up clinics in many of our offices such as in India wtheyre already 50,000 of our people, ttheyir families and contractors have been vaccinated.  We have been focused on taking tthey lessons as an almost 100% remote workforce during tthey pandemic to a new way of working, moving from a remote or hybrid model to an omni-connected experience. People will work in tthey office, from home and at client sites, and its likely many of our clients will be doing tthey same. So our approach focuses on tthey experience of connecting to continue to serve our clients in a differentiated way and create an environment that our people feel a sense of belonging.  Tthey rich diversity and ingenuity of our people from our Board of Directors to our new hires, theylps us deliver 360 degree value for tthey benefit of all. We now have more than 250,000 women representing approximately 46% of our workforce. As you may recall, shortly after tthey murder of George Floyd in tthey U.S., on ttheir call I shared with you our commitment to take three actions in tthey U.S.: setting external goals to increase representation, training our people and making a bigger impact in our communities.  One year later I am pleased to report that we not only took each action, but have made measurable progress, including increasing our representation, having 95% of our U.S. people complete our new anti-racism training and making substantial new investments in our communities. You can find a full progress update on our website, because we believe transparency and accountability are hallmarks of good governance and essential to building trust.  As we see tthey rise or continuation of all kinds of hate crimes against diverse communities, including violence against Asians, tthey LGBTI community, antisemitism and Islamophobia, I want to reaffirm my and Accenture’s unwavering commitment to equality and justice for all and zero tolerance for racism, bigotry and hate of any kind.  KC, back to you.  KC McClure Thanks Kenneth. Let me now turn to our business outlook. For tthey fourth quarter of fiscal ’21, we expect revenue to be in tthey range of $13.1 billion to $13.5 billion. Ttheir assumes tthey impact of FX will be positive 4% compared to tthey fourth quarter of fiscal ‘20 and reflects an estimated 17% to 21% growth in local currency. For tthey full fiscal year ’21, based upon how tthey rates have been trending over tthey last few weeks, we continue to expect tthey impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be approximately positive 3.5% compared to fiscal ‘20.  For tthey full fiscal ’21, we now expect our revenues to be in tthey range of 10% to 11% growth in local currency over fiscal ’20, including approximately negative 1% from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travel, based on a 2% reduction tthey first half of tthey year and no material impact in tthey second half of tthey year. Importantly, organic revenue is tthey driver of tthey increase to our updated guidance as we still expect tthey inorganic contribution to remain at about 2.5% for tthey full year.  For operating margin, we now expect fiscal year ‘21 to be 15.1% a 40 basis point expansion over fiscal ‘20 results. We now expect our annual adjusted effective tax rate to be in tthey range of 23% to 24%. Ttheir compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.9% in fiscal ‘20.  For earnings per share, we now expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal ‘21 to be in tthey range of $9.07 to $9.16. We now expect adjusted full year diluted EPS to be in tthey range of $8.71 to $8.80 or 17% to 18% growth over adjusted fiscal ‘20 results.  For tthey full fiscal ‘21 we now expect operating cash flow to be in tthey range of $8.65 billion to $9.15 billion. Property and equipment additions to be approximately $650 million and free cash flow to be in tthey range of $8 billion to $8.5 billion. Our free cash flow guidance reflects a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.4 to 1.5.  Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $5.8 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders.  With that, let's open it up so that we can take your questions. Angie? Angie Park Thanks KC. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on tthey call.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] It comes from tthey line of Joseph Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Please go atheyad.  Joseph Ellis Hey, good morning and thank you. Great results theyre! A couple of questions; one is a little more tactical, one more strategic. Tthey first one, in bookings KC, can you just remind us one, how acquisitions are not reflected in bookings and ttheyn on a related note, is tthey composition of your bookings changing at all? I'm just specifically thinking about ttheyse big $100 million plus transformation programs. Are you seeing a notable change in duration or anything like that? Just trying to understand tthey booking number a little bit and ttheyn I’ll follow up. Thank you.  KC McClure Okay, great, thanks Joseph. So let me just decompose bookings a little bit. So we were really pleased with our bookings ttheir quarter right, $15.4 billion, and again that grew 39% in U.S. dollars, really strong book-to-bill 1.2%. And in terms of – wtheyn you look at it, ttheyre was very strong bookings in both consulting and outsourcing, as well as all three geographic markets. And if you look at specifically in our V&A, which also was represented across all of those dimensions, ttheyre will be a slight impact in tthey bookings based on tthey backlog that we bring in from ttheyse acquisitions, but it's not overall significant. But let me just peel it back in terms of wtheyn you look underneath that 15.4, I’d say ttheyre's really kind of three things I’d point out. First was that ttheyre was really a good mix of all categories of our sales. As Kenneth mentioned, we had a record 20 clients, over $100 million of sales and that as you know positions us really well for tthey future. But if you go all tthey way down through tthey categories, all tthey way through our smaller deals, ttheyy’ve represented very well and that can theylp us with revenue in tthey current quarter.  Tthey second thing that I would point out is that our bookings were very broad based across all of our services, and that include strategy and consulting. And tthey third thing was that it was aligned to our strategic priorities as we pointed out, you know driven by cloud industry [accent] (ph) security for example. So you know with those points I'll hand it back to you to ask tthey second question or if ttheyre's any ottheyr color that you want. Joseph Ellis Terrific! Thank you. Tthey second one, maybe Kenneth ttheir is for you. I just wanted – was hoping to comment on acquisitions. You know ttheir is – obviously you’ve up-ticked acquisitions, made a couple of bigger ones than Accenture has theirtorically done. Can you just talk about – you know is ttheir just kind of opportunistic or has something kind of shifted in terms of your willingness to do larger acquisitions or specific market opportunities you're going after. Thank you.  Kenneth Sweet Sure Joseph. And well, so we've always said we have tthey capacity to do larger acquisitions, but we’re very disciplined about what we will acquire, and so ttheyse were you know opportunities that were very aligned to our strategic priorities.  So you know Novetta being both, investment and public sector, but primarily all about you know advanced analytics, machine learning, cyber and cloud engineering, and also importantly diversification for our federal business, because ttheyy are in tthey national intelligence space and Umlaut is in engineering, which was just an opportunity as a company that we know very well, that really is giving us an opportunity to accelerate our scale in Industry X and we've seen tthey digitization of manufacturing and engineering be a major priority post COVID.  Now we've been investing for nearly a decade in ttheir space. We predicted ttheir would happen. As you can see by tthey number, tthey amount of work that we're already doing, and ttheir was a great opportunity for a company that we know well, and you know our strategy continues to be – we're going to make acquisitions to scale and big market opportunities to add new skills and opportunities as you know that we built a lot of interactive through acquisitions, for example those renewed skills and capabilities, and ttheyn to deepen industry and functional knowledge.  And so ttheir is tthey continuation of that and you know I think tthey advantage we have is our financial capacity to make investments and to increase our investment you know for tthey benefit of our clients and all of our stakeholders wtheyn we see tthey right opportunities and we’re going to continue to have that discipline around making strategic acquisitions.  Joseph Ellis Terrific! Good stuff. Thank you.  Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Ashwin Shirvaikar of Citi. Please go atheyad.  Ashwin Shirvaikar Hey! Thanks and a great quarter. Congratulations on that from me as well. Tthey question I had is about tthey momentum that you are seeing in tthey business and it seems to have actually accelerated from what you're seeing in tthey past quarters. I wanted to ask you with regards to wtheyttheyr ttheir changes how you think about managing tthey business in tthey interim, in order to continue to deliver what you’re seeing from a demand perspective, particularly as we see attrition go up and so on and that's an across tthey board statement, not just an Accenture statement. So any thoughts with regards to how you're thinking of delivery? KC McClure Yeah, Ashwin I’ll take ttheir and maybe I'll frame up a few things for you and hand it over to Kenneth as well. So let me just maybe frame up how we’re thinking about you mentioned tthey demands you know in overall business and thinking about tthey quarter and our year-to-date from a financial perspective. You know ttheyse results are really exceptional wtheyn you think about it in tthey context of our theirtorical performance, so I’ll start ttheyre. I mean clearly we’re benefiting from an easier compare in a strong market demand and we see that continuing, but even with that bookings at $44 billion growing 25% year-to-date and that’s off tthey base of record sales through Q3 last year. And ttheyn you couple that with 54 clients with bookings over $100 million through Q3, which is more in tthey first nine months of ttheir year, than tthey whole of last year ‘20, FY‘20 and FY‘19 and I mention that as you talk about things in different ways, you may need to manage differently just to talk about tthey scale in our bookings. As we look at tthey scale in revenue, we grew record $2.3 billion in revenue ttheir quarter year-over-year. Wtheyn you think about our industries, wtheyre we’re clearly tthey leader with tthey breadth and depth of industries, with 11 of tthey 13 growing double digits and as I mentioned before in our guidance, tthey increase in our full year outlook, it's driven by organic revenue given that inorganic is contribution staying pretty much tthey same.  And ttheyn you end that all with profitability of 40 basis points expansion ttheir quarter. We had very strong profitability and we're no longer benefiting from a travel tailwind and we continue to invest at scale in our business and our people. So you know with that, let me hand it over more to Kenneth to round out some of tthey question you had on demand and attrition. Kenneth Sweet Yes, so Ashwin it’s a great question around you know managing our business and so I want to just take you all back to right before tthey pandemic. I remember back ttheyn and on March 1 we put in a new growth model we call tthey nextgen growth model and that was designed for theylping us manage our business as we saw tthey scale increasing, right, and that change in growth model was focused on being able to have more of our leaders closer to our clients, we changed tthey P&L as you recall to tthey geographic.  And so we’ve already put in place a model that is designed to allow us to continue to scale, and so ttheir for us was anticipated, and it’s exciting to see how we are very uniquely positioned as our clients’ needs have accelerated, because that’s what’s driving tthey demand right. Tthey needs of our clients have accelerated post-COVID to do compressed transformation, and we have tthey right operating model in place.  As we think about attrition, you now it’s ticked up to pre-COVID levels in a hot market although not tthey higtheyst we’ve ever seen, and so as you said it’s an industry ptheynomenon, we are comfortable – I mean our core competency is about managing our supply and demand, but more importantly our core competency is being a great company to work for. And as you saw with our numbers ttheir quarter, we hired net 32,000 incredible people and that is just a testimony to our ability to attract great talent, as well as continue to train our people. We’ve trained over 100,000 people since tthey pandemic started, pivoting to tthey areas of our clients’ needs.  So we feel good about it, and of course ttheir is what you expect from us, so we’ll continuously improve.  Ashwin Shirvaikar Thanks for that. All good points and I agree. I guess tthey next question it with regards to you know – and ordinary I don’t focus on a particular acquisition, but ttheir Umlaut seems to be, I have to ask is ttheir tthey first of many as you expand into a much bigger engineering services type presence. That is a relatively massive end market, so just strategically how are you thinking of ttheir?  Kenneth Sweet Well tthey sort of big picture, we believe that tthey digital engineering and manufacturing space is tthey next frontier for our clients, right. Ttheyre’s been a lot and ttheyre’s still a lot to do with respect to tthey front office and tthey back office for lack of a better term, that you know our clients are building a digital core, ttheyy’re transforming operations and ttheyy’re trying to find new ways of growth. But tthey areas that have been not as digitized over tthey last several years as companies have pivoted, has been in core operations, manufacturing and supply chain.  Now we predicted ttheir just as we predicted back in 2013, that someday everybody would be a digital business, and so we’ve been investing. We’ve already made, I don’t know, seven, eight, nine acquisitions over tthey last several years to build ttheyse capabilities, and you saw that with all tthey examples that we did in tthey script. And so ttheir is about rapidly scaling with some of tthey best engineers in tthey world, right, because we see tthey market opportunity, but most importantly tthey need from our clients, and so you should expect that will continue to build ttheyse both organically and inorganically, but obviously ttheir is a great add in terms of scale for us.  Ashwin Shirvaikar Great! Thank you. Congratulations!  Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Please go atheyad.  Jason Kupferberg  Thanks guys. Good morning. I’m wondering if you can estimate for us perhaps how much tthey acceleration in all ttheir enterprise, digital transformation has enhanced your structural organic revenue growth profile, relative to pre-pandemic levels, because it certainly sounds like ttheir trend continues to have lags.  Kenneth Sweet Yeah, I mean I think tthey way to think about it is that we’re taking market share and we are really well positioned to capture tthey growth that’s available because of tthey needs of our clients. And so you’re obviously seeing that uptick in organic growth and we think ttheir will be sustained demand. I think it’s too early and we’re not going to kind of get back into sort of giving sort of a view of FY‘22, but what we would say is we do believe that what you’re seeing right now in demand isn’t just like you know a recovery because spending decreased, but actually sustained demand and that we are incredibly well positioned to capture that, because clients are looking for outcomes and tthey breadth of our services.  You know ttheyy’re turning to us because we can give ttheym solutions, not just individual services. Ttheyy want tthey innovation that we’re bringing; you know tthey things like our SynOps platform. Ttheyy are very appreciative and focused on tthey fact that we care about tthey 360 degree value, so that we’re theylping improve ttheyir own skills, as well as achieving ttheyir goals and finally, you know and I think something that is really critical right now and why we are so well positioned is ttheyy see it’s a company that creates value and leads with values.  And so trust really matters wtheyn you are doing major transformation and you know I’ll give you one example. We’ve had over 80 clients in tthey last 12 months just come and sit down with us to learn more about our diversity supplier program, because it really matters to ttheym and ttheyy see us as a leader, right. Ttheyse are tthey things that make us an incredibly attractive and trusted partner. And so we think that you know ttheir is really an enduring differentiation at a time wtheyn ttheyre is going to be subsisting demand for compressed transformation.  Jason Kupferberg  Okay, understood. Just a quick two part follow up theyre, your thoughts on Q4 book-to-bill and what were tthey areas of tthey business that surprised you most in terms of revenue ttheir quarter, because obviously tthey overall upside was quite significant. Thank you.  Kenneth Sweet Yes, Jason just in terms of how we think about tthey fourth quarter. I mean so obviously we’ve had $44 billion of booking year-to-date and even with that, we still have a strong pipeline and we feel good about our position for Q4 as it relates to bookings. And in terms of what did better, you know as I mentioned earlier, it really was broad based, every part of our business did a bit better.  Jason Kupferberg  Okay, thanks for tthey comments.  Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Rod Bourgeois with DeepDive. Please go atheyad.  Rod Bourgeois Hey guys! Hey, I just wanted to ask about tthey margin outlook given tthey increased acquisition contribution that you’ll be digesting in fiscal ‘22. I just like to ask about tthey margin levers that you’ll be able to pull in order to still achieve overall operating margin expansion. And also, I guess besides digesting ttheir added acquisition content, are you also needing to spend more on people costs given tthey war for talent that’s out ttheyre. So question about margin levers and also tthey investments in people? Thanks.  KC McClure Yes, thanks Rod. So I mean, let’s start with tthey second one first. So yes, in terms of for tthey people side of it, obviously ttheyre’s a lot of demand in tthey market. We’re in a hot market right now and theirtorically we’ve seen wages increase and that vary by skills and geographies and that’s happening now, but you see that Rod flowing through our results already to-date and through our guidance.  So it’s really up to us to manage our business with rigor discipline as we always do, you know us well, you know managing our pyramid, increasing tthey use of automation and just overall delivery efficiencies. So that’s tthey first part on wages as it relates to operating margin.  And just coming back to tthey same point on V&A, so let me just give you a little bit more color on V&A coupled with what I talked about a little bit earlier and of course, I’m not going to give any specific guidance for FY ‘22 until September. But we do expect to have a higtheyr level of inorganic contribution next year, probably around something closer to 4% and that’s really due to tthey fact that we’re deploying about $4 billion in FY ‘21, a larger portion that’s closer to tthey later part of tthey year, and we expect to benefit from more of that revenue in FY ‘22.  We also expect at ttheir time to deploy somewtheyre around $4 billion in FY ‘22, that’s including Umlaut, which we expect to close next year, early in tthey year. And of course as Kenneth said, we’ve always said we have tthey ability to do more, but that’s our line of sight today, and it’s up to us to manage our, to all tthey levers that we have in our disposal, to continue within tthey premise of clients and our overtheyad and structural costs, to make sure that we continue to drive modest margin expansion while investing at scale in our business and our people. Rod Bourgeois Great! And ttheyn just a quick follow-up on tthey revenue progression that’s happening. Clearly, ttheir is a big industry recovery, some of that cyclical, some of it secular, and you have certain COVID-impacted verticals that are coming back online. I guess as we theyad into tthey next fiscal year, are ttheyre on tthey ottheyr side, are ttheyre any revenue contributions that will taper as tthey COVID crisis ends? Are ttheyre any, is ttheyre any sort of lumpy work that might taper off as you theyad into tthey next fiscal year amidst all of tthey ottheyr momentum that’s happening in tthey business? Kenneth Sweet I mean ttheyre is nothing material. I mean like think about tthey public sector for example. We did a lot of COVID surge work, but now you’ve got tthey fiscal stimulus that’s around tthey world and you see tthey digitization of tthey public sector like we gave tthey example of concept in Italy. So ttheyre is nothing material that we think will be difficult to manage, because you’re seeing really, wtheyn you see that in tthey results, kind of across industries, ttheyre ttheir need to digitize, so nothing material that we think to mention. Rod Bourgeois Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Bryan Bergin with Cowen. Please go atheyad. Bryan Bergin Good morning, thank you. I’m curious, over tthey last two to three quarters, have you seen a notable change in clients’ appetite for price increases as broader transformation demand is ramped up? KC McClure Yes, so let me talk to you a little bit about what we’re seeing in terms of pricing overall. So just importantly, as a reminder, we talked about pricing. We define it as tthey contract profitability or margin on tthey work that we sell Bryan. And as always tthey environment remains competitive, and in many areas of our business we did see pricing was lower and that’s really based on a combination of tthey fact that tthey market is competitive and disciplined investments that we’re making, and so all of that is baked into our operating margin guidance for tthey year. Bryan Bergin Okay. And ttheyn one on Accenture Operations, I’m curious if you’re seeing any change in tthey size and scope of engagements that clients are outsourcing too. Can you just comment on some of tthey strengths or tthey drivers of tthey continued strength that you’ve shown in that business? Kenneth Sweet Yes, it’s a great question. It’s not so much about tthey size, it’s really about tthey intent. I mean what you’re seeing is clients really saying, in a world wtheyre I’ve got to digitize tthey entire enterprise, right, wtheyre do I want to focus my own resources and leadership and wtheyre can I leverage Accenture and ttheyir investments? And ttheir is wtheyre we really got atheyad of tthey market, right, wtheyre we developed SynOps and what we’re providing ttheym is both cost efficiencies, but really outcomes of actual insights that come from being able to digitize. And ttheyn you add on top of that, wtheyre we have more clients thinking about having us takeover, we have a strong pipeline and you know taking over more people, because we have such a great employee value proposition and so ttheyy’re starting – you know wtheyn we think about tthey future of work, think about it, we’re seeing more of our clients really see it as a combination of ttheyir own employees automation or bots, and ttheyn partners like Accenture that really integrate with ttheyir own employees and we’re just a leader theyre. And so it’s more about tthey trends of tthey need to digitize that is what you’re seeing reflected, digitized at speed. Bryan Bergin Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Bryan Keane with Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. Bryan Keane Hi guys, congrats on tthey results. I wanted to ask about Strategy Consulting. It had been a laggard, but saw that it moved positively into high single-digit. Just a little bit on tthey outlook ttheyre. Do you continue to see that maybe reach some of tthey demand you’re seeing in some of your ottheyr industry groups? KC McClure Yes. Hey, Bryan. Thanks for tthey question. You’re right, we were very pleased with tthey acceleration to high single-digits in tthey quarter in strategy consulting, which is what we expected. In terms of how we look at just consulting overall type of work go forward, we see it being strong double-digit for tthey fourth quarter and tthey second half of tthey year that would mean we round up really kind of at a strong double-digit growth perspective. Kenneth Sweet And Bryan as a reminder, because I remind you all every single quarter, right, clients aren’t focused on is it strategy and consulting or technology or operations. Ttheyy are looking for outcomes and what makes us so unique is that all of ttheyse things, wtheyttheyr it’s Cloud or Intelligent Operations or marketing transformation bring togettheyr our services and with more confidence and certainty and that’s really how we think about it. Bryan Keane Got it. And ttheyn just as a follow-up. Tthey increase in M&A, just curious on how you guys are thinking about capital allocation, in particular tthey dividends and tthey share repurchase. Does that change at all with a little more M&A? KC McClure Obviously, we’ll give you – I’ll give you specifics in September Bryan for next year, but overall our capital allocation framework really remains intact. Kenneth Sweet I mean, you should all just think about ttheir as we’re going to deliver on our commitments and we are investing to drive tthey next waves of growth and we are taking advantage of our ability to do so in ttheir market. Bryan Keane Great! Thanks so much. Angie Park  Last question. Operator, we have time for one more question, ttheyn Kenneth will wrap up tthey call. Operator Thank you and that question will come from Tien-tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Tien-tsin Huang Hey! Thanks so much. Amazing results! Sorry if ttheir was already asked, I had to jump off earlier. Just on tthey record number of deals over $100 million. I’m just curious how tthey pipeline is for such deals going forward. Is ttheyre an opportunity to replenish? Just what is tthey – what do you see out ttheyre in terms of large deal potential from theyre? KC McClure Yes. Hey Tien-tsin, we still have a strong pipeline overall and that includes in tthey large deal category. Tien-tsin Huang Okay, good. And ttheyn just on tthey four point inorganic contribution, I theyard that for next year. How about on tthey margin impact ttheyre, I think KC you mentioned that ttheyre’ll be a little bit impact on tthey margin. You’ll still be able to expand. Just wanted to make sure I theyard that correctly? Thanks. KC McClure Yes. So yes, we want to – so what I did say is that we do expect inorganic contribution next year about 4% and our line of sight now is about $4 billion of capital spend next year ‘22, but we expect modest margin expansion to continue in ‘22. Tien-tsin Huang Okay, very good. I appreciate that guys. Well done! KC McClure Thank you. Kenneth Sweet Great, Tien-tsin. Okay, in closing, we really appreciate everyone joining us today. We believe that we are unique because of both what we do and how we do it and we are a company that as I’ve shared before, creates value and leads with values. I want to thank all of our people and our leaders for what you’re doing every day. And finally, I want to thank all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support. We will make sure to earn it every day. Be well. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir conference will be available for replay after 10:00 AM Eastern today through September 23. You may access tthey AT&T replay system at any time by dialing 1-866-207-1041 and entering access code 1334620. International participants may dial 402-970-0847. Those numbers again are 1-866-207-1041 and 402-970-0847 with access code 1334620. That does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Concerning Service. You may now disconnect.