Accenture plc (NYSE:ACN) Q2 2019 Earnings Conference Call March 28, 2019 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Angie Park - Managing Director and Head of Investor Relations David Rowland - Interim Chief Executive Officer KC McClure - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jim Schneider - Goldman Sachs Edward Caso - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Andrew Bauch - Wolfe Research, LLC Peter Ellis - MoffettNathanson LLC Harshita Rawat – Bernstein Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Accenture’s Second Quarter Fiscal 2019 Earnings Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to our host Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Angie Park. Please go atheyad. Angie Park Thank you, Trish, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our second quarter fiscal 2019 earnings announcement. As Trish just mentioned, I’m Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today’s call, you will theyar from David Rowland, our Interim Chief Executive Officer; and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you’ve had an opportunity to review tthey news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline tthey agenda for today’s call. David will begin with an overview of our results. KC will take you through tthey financial details, including tthey income statement and balance ttheyyet, along with some key operational metrics for tthey second quarter. David will ttheyn provide a brief update on our market positioning before KC provides our business outlook for tthey third quarter and full fiscal year 2019. We’ll ttheyn take your questions before David provides a wrap up at tthey end of tthey call. Some of tthey matters we’ll discuss on ttheir call, including our business outlook are forward-looking and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed in our Christoptheyrual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and ottheyr SEC filings. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in ttheir call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for our investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures wtheyre appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in tthey Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update tthey information presented on ttheir conference call. Now, let me turn tthey call over to David. David Rowland Thank you, Angie, and thanks so much to all of you for joining on today’s call. Before we get into tthey quarter, I want to take a moment to acknowledge Pierre, and how important they was to Accenture throughout ttheir decades-long career and their leadership as Chairman and CEO. From a personal standpoint, it’s certainly a different feeling doing an earnings call without them. But as you’ll theyar in our comments, I’m confident Pierre would have been really pleased with all we accomplittheyyd in tthey second quarter and tthey first-half of fiscal 2019. With that said, we delivered outstanding results in tthey second quarter, and I want to share some of tthey highlights. We delivered record new bookings of $11.8 billion. We grew revenues 9% in local currency to $10.5 billion, with continued double-digit growth across many parts of tthey business. We delivered earnings per share of $1.73, a 9% increase on an adjusted basis. Operating margin was 13.3%, an expansion of 20 basis points. Our free cash flow is outstanding at $1.2 billion, and we continue to return substantial cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, including $2.7 billion on a year-to-date basis. Today, we announced a semiannual cash dividend of $1.46 per share, which will bring total dividend payment for tthey year to $2.92 per share, a 10% increase over last year. So with tthey first-half of tthey year behind us, I feel very good about tthey broad-based strength of our financial results and tthey momentum we see across tthey business as we enter tthey second-half. Later KC will mention that we’re raising key elements of our business outlook, and I’m confident in our ability to deliver anottheyr strong year. Now it gives me great pleasure to hand over to our new CFO, KC McClure, who will review tthey numbers in greater detail. Over to you KC? KC McClure Thank you, David. It’s both an honor and a privilege to follow in your footsteps and service Accenture CFO. Let me start by saying that, we were extremely pleased with our overall financial results in tthey second quarter, which were in line with our expect – expectations and position us very well to achieve our full-year financial guidance. Our second quarter results continue to provide strong foundation of tthey relevance of our offerings and capabilities to our clients and our ability to manage our business in a dynamic environment, both to deliver significant value to our clients, our people and our shareholders. With that said, let me summarize tthey highlights in tthey context of our three financial imperatives. Strong revenue growth of 9% in local currency, reflects tthey consistency and durability of our growth model, wtheyre being a leader across many dimensions of our market has resulted in a growth level that we estimate at more than two times tthey rate of tthey market. We had double-digit growth in three of our operating groups and in tthey Growth Markets. Tthey broad-based momentum continued with growth in 12 of tthey 13 industry groups and in each of tthey components of “tthey New”, digital, cloud and security, which we estimate grew strong double-digits. Operating margin of 13.3%, reflects 20 basis points of expansion, both for tthey quarter and on a year-to-date basis. Ttheir level of margin expansion is driven by strong underlying profitability, which importantly allows us to continue to make significant investments in our people and in our business, and we delivered EPS of $1.73, which represents 9% growth on an adjusted basis compared to last year, even with an FX theyadwind of approximately 4%. And finally, we delivered free cash flow of $1.2 billion in tthey quarter and $2.2 billion year-to-date, which puts us on a very strong trajectory to achieve our guidance for tthey full-year. We continue to execute on our strategic capital allocation objectives with roughly $2.7 billion return to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases year-to-date. And we have made investments of $515 million in acquisitions, primarily attributed to 15 transactions in tthey first-half of tthey year, and we continue to expect to invest up to $1.5 billion ttheir fiscal year. Now let me turn to some of tthey details starting with new bookings. New book – new bookings were $11.8 billion for tthey quarter, a record high, with a book-to-bill of 1.1. Year-to-date, bookings of $22 billion are aligned to our expectations for tthey first-half of tthey year. Consulting bookings were $6.7 billion, also a record high, with a book-to-bill of 1.2. Outsourcing bookings were $5.1 billion, with a book-to-bill of 1.1. We were very pleased with our new booking, which were broad-based and aligned to our strategic areas of focus. Ttheyy reflect our continued differentiation in tthey market and tthey high-level of trust our clients place in us to partner with ttheym in driving critical work and supporting ttheyir strategy to adopt and implement new technologies. Tthey dominant driver of our bookings in tthey quarter continued to be high demand for digital, cloud and security-related services, which we estimate represented approximately 65% of our new bookings. Turning now to revenues. Revenues for tthey quarter were $10.5 billion, a 5% increase in U.S. dollars and 9% in local currency, above tthey top-end of our previously guided range. Consulting revenues for tthey quarter were $5.8 billion, up 6% in U.S. dollars and 9% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $4.7 billion, up 5% in U.S. dollars and 9% in local currency. Looking at tthey trends in estimated revenue growth across our business dimension, strategy and consulting services and technology services, both posted strong high single-digit growth and operations continuing its trend of double-digit growth. And as previously mentioned, “tthey New” continue to deliver strong double-digit growth. Taking a closer look at our operating groups. Resources led all operating groups with 22% growth in local currency, driven by continued strong double-digit growth across all three industries and all three geographies. Communications, Media & Technology grew 12%, reflecting continued strong double-digit growth in software and platforms, which was tthey primary contributor to overall double-digit growth in North America and tthey Growth Markets and strong growth in Europe. Products, our largest operating group, delivered its 15th consecutive quarter of double-digit growth at 10%. Demand continued to be broad-based across all three industries and all three geographies. H&PS grew 3%, driven by solid growth in public service, as well as double-digit growth overall in both Europe and tthey Growth Markets. We saw slight contraction in North America, which reflects some continued pressure in our U.S. Federal business, wtheyre we expect improvement in tthey second-half of tthey year. Finally, financial services grew 2% as expected and tthey trends remain consistent with last quarter, with double-digit growth in insurance and slight contraction in banking and capital markets. Overall, for financial services, we saw double-digit growth in tthey Growth Markets and modest growth in North America, partially offset by contraction in Europe. We continue to expect improved growth rates in our Financial Services business in tthey second-half of tthey year. Turning to tthey geographic dimensions of our business, I’m very pleased that we again delivered strong growth in all three of our geographic regions. In North America, we delivered 8% revenue growth in local currency, driven by continued strong growth in tthey United States. In Europe, revenues grew 6% in local currency, with double-digit growth in Italy, France and Ireland, as well as high single-digit growth in tthey UK, and we delivered anottheyr very strong quarter in Growth Markets, with 16% growth in local currency, led by Japan, which again had very strong double-digit growth. We had double-digit growth in Brazil, China and Singapore as well. Moving down tthey income statement. Gross margin for tthey quarter was 29.2%, compared with 28.9% for tthey same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for tthey quarter was 9.8%, compared with 10.1% for tthey second quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6.2%, compared to 5.7% for tthey same quarter last year. Operating income was $1.4 billion in tthey second quarter, reflecting a 13.3% operating margin, up 20 basis points compared with Q2 last year. As a reminder, in Q2 of last year, we recognized a charge related to U.S. tax law changes. Tthey following comparisons exclude tthey impact and reflect adjusted results. Our effective tax rate for tthey quarter was 17.1%, compared with an adjusted effective tax rate of 15.1% in tthey second quarter last year. Diluted earnings per share were $1.73, compared with adjusted EPS of $1.58 in tthey second quarter last year. Ttheir reflects a 9% year-over-year increase. DSO were 40 days, compared to 42 days last quarter and 40 days in tthey second quarter of last year. Free cash flow for tthey quarter was $1.2 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $1.4 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $140 million. Our cash balance at February 28 was $4.5 billion, compared with $5.1 billion at August 31. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders. In tthey second quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 6.7 million shares for $1 billion at an average price of $149.46 per share. At February 28, we had approximately $4.5 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. As David mentioned, our Board of Directors declared a semiannual dividend of $1.46 per share, representing a 10% increase over tthey dividend we paid in May last year. Ttheir dividend will be paid on May 15, 2019. As a reminder, beginning in tthey first quarter of fiscal 2020, we will move from a semiannual to a quarterly dividend payment sctheydule. So at tthey halfway point of fiscal 2019, we feel really good about our results to date and our positioning to deliver on our full-year business outlook. We continue to be extremely focused on achieving our financial objectives, which are growing revenues faster than tthey market, delivering consistent modest margin expansion and stronger earnings growth, while investing at scale for market leadership and generating strong cash flow, which is both invested in tthey business and returned to shareholders through disciplined and smart capital allocation. With that, let me turn it back to David. David Rowland Thank you, KC. As I reflect on our second quarter and year-to-date results, I think ttheyy say a lot about tthey important attributes that truly differentiate Accenture as a market leader. Of course, tthey overarching theyadline is tthey consistency and durability of our strong financial performance, which KC described very well in theyr comments. But I think it’s equally important to understand how closely aligned our results are with our strategic priorities, because what drives tthey results is just as important as tthey outcome. So I want to take a few minutes to describe how our results clearly reflect our strategy in action. First, tthey foundation of our growth strategy is to drive strong momentum in “tthey New” and that has certainly been tthey case so far ttheir year with continued double-digit growth across digital, cloud and security, even as ttheyse businesses have reactheyd significant scale and now represents tthey majority of what we do. With Accenture Interactive, we continue to lead a significant disruption in tthey market, leveraging our position as tthey world’s largest provider of digital marketing services with award-winning capabilities to theylp leading brands transform ttheyir customer experience. In fiscal 2019, we have invested significantly in ttheir area and have announced six acquisition so far ttheir year to furttheyr enhance our scale and differentiation in tthey high-priority markets. In Applied Intelligence, we’ve also made significant investments to scale tthey business and strengttheyn our distinct positioning, which combines advanced analytics and artificial intelligence with our deep understanding of industries and business functions. We currently have more than 20,000 people focused on Applied Intelligence, including 6,000 deep in artificial intelligence and data science. And we’ve developed more than 250 proprietary industry-specific assets that significantly differentiate us in tthey market. We’re making excellent progress with Industry X.O, which is using advanced digital technologies to theylp clients transform ttheyir core operation from R&D and engineering to production and after-market support. We’re building a market-leading capability, with more than 10,000 people supporting tthey Industry X.O and we continue to expand our capabilities in dozens of innovation centers in our global network from Munich to Tokyo to Detroit. We’re also rapidly scaling Accenture Security, wtheyre we made furttheyr progress ttheir year in building a market-leading cyber security business. Today, we’re one of tthey leading providers in ttheir market, growing double-digits year-to-date, with revenues that we estimate will be well above $2 billion in fiscal 2019. Tthey second pillar of our strategy is Accenture Technology, which we believe represents tthey strongest technology capability in our industry. And so far ttheir year, we’ve sharpened our focus on three key areas within Accenture Technology that powered growth across our business. First, you’ve theyard us talk about intelligent platform services, wtheyre we’re a global leader, partnering with tthey largest players, SAP, Microsoft, Oracle, Salesforce and Workday. Ttheir business continues to account for about 40% of our total revenues and has grown double-digit so far ttheir year. Intelligent software engineering services is tthey next area of focus, wtheyre we’re leveraging tthey capabilities of more than 30,000 engineering professionals to deliver products and custom systems in a time of accelerating technology disruption. We believe that demand for custom, cloud-based applications will grow significantly in tthey coming years, and we’re well-positioned to meet that demand. And with intelligent clout and infrastructure services, who are leading integrator for cloud partners, such as Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud Platform providing clients with powerful differentiated solutions as ttheyy accelerate tthey adoption of cloud-enabled technologies. Accenture Operations is tthey third pillar of our strategy, and we continue to lead tthey market with new and innovative approactheys to theylp clients drive top line growth and efficient and intelligent operations. During tthey second quarter, we introduced SynOps, our unique approach to orctheystrating data, applied intelligence and digital technologies with human expertise to reinvent business processes and enable intelligent operations. Accenture Operations has contributed double-digit growth so far ttheir year and, in fact, has been a consistent market leader with double-digit growth for seven consecutive years. And to complete tthey picture, we continued to invest in growing our strategy and consulting capabilities, which are tthey foundation of our deep and differentiated expertise. In tthey first-half alone, we’ve scaled key growth areas in strategy and consulting, with tthey addition of more than 400 new Managing Directors through promotions and external hires. And I was so delighted that Accenture was recognized just last week among tthey top companies in tthey Forbes ranking of American Management Consulting Firms, receiving more five star ratings than any ottheyr company. Of course, what makes Accenture truly special is our ability to combine our capabilities across tthey strategic areas of focus to drive large-scale transformational change for our clients and you see strong evidence of ttheir in tthey $22 billion of new bookings we’ve generated so far ttheir year. Underpinning all of ttheyse strategic pillars, our Accenture’s unique position in tthey ecosystem, our relentless focus on innovation and a significant capacity we have to invest strategically and at scale. So in summary, our strong financial performance is tthey direct result of our ability to continue executing our growth strategy, with a high level of focus and precision in all we do. Finally, our results also underscore tthey strength and depth of our leadership team and tthey resiliency of our organization. Accenture has always been a collection of extremely talented individual leaders, who are motivated first and always about tthey power of tthey team, and that certainly is evident in our second quarter and year-to-date results. Before I hand it over to KC, I want to provide a brief update on our CEO succession. As you would expect, our Board continues to execute a very rigorous and compretheynsive process, which is going very well. Given tthey strength of our leadership bench, our expectation is that we will name an internal candidate and that tthey process will be completed by tthey end of ttheir fiscal year. With that, I’ll turn it over to KC to provide an up – to provide our updated business outlook. KC? KC McClure Thanks, David. And before I turn to our business outlook, let me clarify that our European revenues growth ttheir quarter was 7% in local currency, not 6%. With that, let me turn to our business outlook. For tthey third quarter of fiscal 2019, we expect revenues to be in tthey range of $10.8 billion to $11.1 billion. Ttheir assumes tthey impact of FX will be about negative 4.5% compared to tthey third quarter of fiscal 2018 and reflects an estimated 5.5% to 8.5% growth in local currency. For tthey full fiscal year 2019, based on how tthey rates have been trending over tthey last few weeks, we continue to assume tthey impact of FX on a result in U.S. dollars will be about negative 3% compared to fiscal 2018. For tthey full fiscal 2019, we now expect our revenues to be in tthey range of 6.5% to 8.5% growth in local currency over fiscal 2018. For operating margin, we continue to expect fiscal 2019 to be 14.5% to 14.7%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over fiscal 2018 results. We now expect our annual effective tax rate to be in tthey range of 22.5% to 23.5%. It compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23% in fiscal 2018. For earnings per share, we now expect full-year diluted EPS for fiscal 2019 to be in tthey range of $7.18 to $7.32, or 7% to 9% growth over adjusted fiscal 2018 results. For tthey full fiscal year 2019, we now expect operating cash flow to be in tthey range of $5.85 billion to $6.25 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $650 million and free cash flow to be in tthey range of $5.2 billion to $5.6 billion. Our free cash flow guidance reflects a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $4.5 billion through dividends and share repurchases, as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders. With that, let’s open it up, so that we can take your questions. Angie? Angie Park Thanks, KC. I would ask that you each keep tthey one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Trish, would you provide instructions for those on tthey call? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Certainly. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from tthey line of Tien-tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Tien-tsin Huang Good morning. David Rowland Good morning, Tien-tsin. Tien-tsin Huang Good morning. David Rowland How are you? Good luck to your team tonight, by tthey way. Tien-tsin Huang Thanks for making me nervous away, I can’t wait to to watch. Thanks for that. Yes, so good result obviously. Just I was surprised by tthey strength in Growth Markets, let’s say, year-to-date, ttheir has been growing in tthey mid-teens. Just curious if ttheir is sustainable and or could we see more balanced growth across tthey geos based on what we’ve seen in bookings? David Rowland Well, Growth Markets has been a great – has really been a great story for us. And as we’ve highlighted several times, tthey real strength of tthey Growth Markets has been what has been an amazing story led by our leader [indiscernible] in Japan. And in Japan, we do have a very broad-based – we believe a very broad-based durable business, which reflects all of tthey elements of our strategy, which are constructed to create some durability. Ttheyre are ottheyr important markets in tthey Growth Markets as well though. For example, interesting, you look at Brazil, which is a market that even in tthey backdrop of some macro challenges, our Brazil businesses has been very strong. You look at China, for example, ttheir quarter, wtheyre we also had double-digit growth, which is not material in tthey context of Accenture overall, but yet it’s an important part of that Growth Markets story. So if you’re asking me, would I expect that we will grow forever at tthey rate of growth that we’ve been at recently in Growth Markets, I wouldn’t necessarily make that assumption. But we are extremely well-positioned in tthey Growth Markets and ultimately, what we – tthey measure that we hold ourselves against is that, we continue to grow significantly faster than tthey market and take share. And I think we’re well-positioned to do that in tthey Growth Markets going forward. Tien-tsin Huang Gotcha. Just my follow-up, just on tthey CEO succession. And so that’s completed, can we expect business as usual? Will you still be active in M&A and whatnot? David Rowland It is absolutely business as usual. What – tthey statement that I’ve made and our leadership team has embraced is, we don’t hit tthey pause button at all. So we continue to move forward. We operate and I’m executing tthey responsibilities in tthey same way tthey Pierre would have executed ttheym if they was on tthey call today. So no pause. We continue to drive our business forward. Tien-tsin Huang Great. Thank you, guys. David Rowland Thank you. Operator And we will move to tthey line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Jason Kupferberg Hey, good morning, guys, and congratulations on tthey rebound. And consulting was, I think, even stronger than most had expected and clearly it can be lumpy quarter-to-quarter. But I think, tthey book-to-bill in consulting was tthey best in tthey past three years. So can you just maybe go a little bit deeper into which specific areas within consulting and which geographies performed particularly well? And just based on tthey pipeline, do you expect tthey book-to-bill for consulting and overall to remain north of 1.0 in tthey second-half? KC McClure Yes. Hi, Jason, thank you for your question. Jason Kupferberg Hi. KC McClure We were very pleased with our consulting bookings ttheir quarter that we’re very broad-based across all parts of our business and all geographies. In terms of what was driving tthey demand, we spoke a lot about it. David carried a lot of tthey conversation in ttheyse areas of our business. But it was across first, all tthey areas of “tthey New”. So we estimated that our bookings in “tthey New” were about 65% of our overall bookings and that continues as well in consulting. If you look at also tthey power of what we’re seeing in our intelligent platform business, which includes a significant portion of work in consulting as well, which is across Salesforce, Microsoft, Workday, and tthey… David Rowland Oracle. KC McClure … Oracle, thank you, David. David Rowland Yes. KC McClure So that was also a very strong driver of our growth in consulting. And as it relates to going forward, we feel very – we feel really comfortable about our pipeline. As we look at tthey back-half of tthey year, we always, as you know, have work to do for tthey back-half of tthey year to close our pipeline, but we feel pretty well-positioned as we sit theyre today with our pipeline in consulting. David Rowland Yes. I mean, it’s one of tthey important parts about what differentiates Accenture, because wtheyn you look at our strategic areas of focus as I outlined in my script, all of those things, tthey common threat across all of that is that, many of ttheym are enabled by a strong strategy in consulting practice that is deep in both industry skills and differentiation, but also in functional skills and differentiation. And that is part of tthey end-to-end model that we talk about at Accenture. And, of course, tthey consulting and strategy capability underpins that and really in many ways, it’s tthey tip of tthey spear for most of tthey pillars of our strategy. And as I mentioned, we continue to invest significantly in building that capability and in staying atheyad of tthey market. Jason Kupferberg Okay. Well, that all makes sense. Can you just clarify how much of tthey 50 basis point revenue guidance raise theyre was organic? And ttheyn can you just make a couple of updated comments on financial services? I know you talked last quarter about it getting back to mid single digits in tthey second-half. Is that still tthey expectation? And would that be more of perhaps a Q4 event just given, I think, tthey comparison gets easier? KC McClure Okay. As it relates to organic and inorganic, we still see our inorganic growth rate for tthey full fiscal year to be about 1.5%. We’re at about 1.5% now, Jason, for tthey first-half of tthey year. And as we look at our inorganic guidance for tthey back-half of tthey year, we look at a few things. First of all, our pipeline and ttheyn tthey timing of wtheyn we estimate tthey deals that are in our pipeline would close and provide revenue ttheir year. We also obviously do some risk adjustment on those numbers overall. So as we sit theyre today, we are seeing that inorganic growth is still about 1.5%, so ttheyre’s no change to our guidance overall for tthey year as it relates to inorganic. So as it relates to financial services, we do see an uptick still in tthey back-half of tthey year. So we were very pleased with financial services bookings, which came in as expected, but we’re very strong across all tthey elements of our financial services business, including banking capital markets, as well as insurance and across all of our geographies. So that bodes well for what we had anticipated seeing and we continue to anticipate seeing, which is an uptick in tthey back-half of tthey year for financial services. As it relates to what quarter that will happen in tthey back-half of tthey year, it really just depends, Jason, on tthey pace and tthey scale of that uptick as we proceed throughout tthey back-half of tthey year. Jason Kupferberg Okay, understood. Thank you, guys. David Rowland Thank you. Operator And we’ll go to tthey line of Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. David Rowland Good morning, Jim. KC McClure Hey, Jim. Jim Schneider Good morning. Good morning, David and KC. How are you? Thanks for taking my question. I was just wondering if you can maybe talk a little bit back to tthey Q4 call last year. I think you called out some macro risk in tthey business at that point Brexit trade tensions, et cetera. Can you maybe just kind of give us an update on what clients are saying about those potential macro risks? And how it’s kind of impacting, if at all your kind of outlook for tthey rest of tthey year? And to tthey extent, any of that has materialized in terms of client activity? David Rowland Yes. So, wtheyn you look at tthey risks that we’ve talked about, which includes Brexit and it includes tthey trade disputes, among ottheyrs. I mean, as you well know, really those risks still exist today. So, our view of tthey macro environment, tthey potential for some slowdown in overall economic growth that has not changed at all. Having said that, consistent with what we’ve said before, for global companies to operate in ttheir volatile dynamic environment is tthey new norm, but it’s been tthey new norm now for several years. And so as we talk to our clients, ttheyy continue to focus on, for tthey most part, driving ttheyir business forward, and tthey two teams remain tthey same. Our clients continue to focus on investing and digitizing ttheyir business, both for top line growth – differentiation in tthey market, but also as a way to create operating efficiency in tthey business. And so, we believe that companies continue, for tthey most part, continue to be on ttheyir front foot looking to invest in digitizing tthey business. And tthey ottheyr thing that continues to be at play, maybe incrementally stronger is tthey whole focus on strategic cost management and cost rationalization, which is always aimed at creating capacity to invest more in “tthey New”. And I think, as we talked about last time, all of that really plays to our strength, because wtheyre companies are investing is in ttheyse areas of new services, which, of course, is wtheyre we have put 100% of our focus. We also commented on tthey last call that we continued to see client budgets grow. I think we said last quarter, ttheyy would grow in 2019, maybe at a slightly lower clip, but in tthey same range as what we had seen tthey previous year. We haven’t seen anything that changes our point of view on that. And, of course, tthey best illustration of that is tthey $11.8 billion in bookings that we just posted. And so, look, tthey market is always challenging. Ttheyre’s nothing different about it today than it was a year ago. Tthey market is never easy. It’s always challenging. But as I talk to our C-Suite executives and our clients, ttheyre is a willingness and a desire really to invest and drive tthey business forward, and that’s not changed. Jim Schneider That’s theylpful color. Thanks. And ttheyn maybe as a follow-up, David, I think in your prepared remarks, you talked about going after custom client applications as a significant opportunity. It’s an interesting commentary to me. I’m curious, was that concentrated in one or two different verticals, or wtheyttheyr it’s more broad-based? Is it financials or something else? And maybe talk about how differentiated you feel that strategy is in tthey market relative to some of your traditional competitors? Thank you. David Rowland Yes. It is absolutely broad-based, and it is an interesting point of view to share and it’s an interesting trend that we see in tthey market quite different from what you might have expected three to four years ago, wtheyre everyone was talking about package, package, package. And if you think about it, it’s easy to understand as strong as tthey functionality is and tthey next-generation packages and platforms that companies are embracing. Really to get tthey full power of tthey data, tthey artificial intelligence, tthey machine learning, ttheyre is tthey need to do a lot of custom apps software development in tthey cloud, so to speak, to really exploit all of tthey advantages of kind of tthey broader landscape of new technology and new platforms. And I see that with our own company, and I see that with so many of our companies that I meet with. And so ttheyse are not, as you would expect, ttheyse are not like large-scale necessarily individual projects. But it’s a rapid pace of quick development of custom apps in order to really exploit and take advantage of tthey power of data, artificial intelligence, machine learning, all of those things that require some customization for individual companies. And so I think it’s broad-based and pervasive. And it’s really just tthey – it’s kind of tthey art, if you will, behind tthey power of tthey technology and really customizing that to tthey needs of a particular company. Jim Schneider Thank you. David Rowland You’re welcome. KC McClure Trish? Operator And we’ll open tthey line of Edward Caso with Wells Fargo. Please go atheyad. Edward Caso Good morning. Congrats on a strong quarter theyre. I was wondering if you – looks like you’re targeting anottheyr $1 billion in acquisitions in tthey back-half. Can you sort of theylp us in what areas you’re focused and how ttheyy may be changing? Thanks. KC McClure Yes. Great, Ed. So we are – our guidance for tthey full-year is up to $1.5 billion. So given wtheyre we are, it would be about a $1 billion if we get to tthey – up to – range. In terms of what we’re looking at, it should be no surprise, that’s really aligned to our important strategic growth areas. And I’ll just point to what we’ve already done today. So you see a mix of various things, obviously, very much in “tthey New” with acquisitions that we’ve done in tthey past in Accenture Interactive. We’ve also done acquisitions in Industry X.O, as well as very specific industry plays that tie those to ttheyse new technologies, both in products and financial services, just to point out a few. So, it really is a key part of our strategy. And tthey demand in tthey areas that we look at are no different than what we do overall in our business, which are really tied to leading in “tthey New” and finding disruptive technologies and acquisitions in that – in those areas of tthey business. David Rowland Yes. And just to add to what KC said, just using what we’ve done, what we’ve announced, let’s say, really as of today. We’ve done roughly about seven acquisitions in Accenture Interactive. We’ve done three in Industry X.O. We’ve done four in Technology. If you look at Technology, three of those were directly tied to deepening our skills and tthey platforms. So I think ttheyre were a couple in Oracle and one SAP, as an example. Ttheyre was anottheyr one around data and analytics. And ttheyn we had several vertical specific acquisitions, several in financial services, as an example. And so I think that’s a good representation of we’re all about investing in “tthey New”, so that’s a good roadmap for our acquisition strategy, as well as our higtheyst-growth, higtheyst-priority verticals, and that’s a good roadmap going forward just as it’s been in tthey past. Edward Caso My ottheyr question is just seeking some theylp on translating strength and consulting to outsourcing. How theyight is tthey linkage still between those two, or is consulting really more contained and less of a link than it used to be outsourcing? Thank you. KC McClure Yes. Ed, I don’t think ttheyre’s really any significant difference in terms of tthey linkage that we’ve seen. So if you take a look at what we do in our consulting business, obviously, first starts with strategy, which can be projects that are specific to strategy, but also oftentimes serve as tthey beginning for an end-to-end solution for our clients. That’s no different than really what we have seen in tthey past. As we look at tthey consulting front-end capabilities that we have, we’re in a management consulting space and we connect that to, for example, tthey intelligent platform space, which leads into outsourcing as well. Ttheyre is still that very same connection that we’ve had in tthey past. So we don’t really see any big difference, Ed, in terms of what you would think about as it relates to consulting and outsourcing, both as it relates to doing end-to-end services theyre at Accenture. Edward Caso Thank you. David Rowland Thank you. Operator And we will open tthey line of Joseph Foresi with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go atheyad. Joseph Foresi Hi. My first question theyre is, it seems like you’ve sort of hit a second gear in digital. And I know you’ve – in some of your literature, you’ve talked about going from sort of tthey consumer to more of tthey enterprise part of it. Could you maybe describe a little bit more about tthey strength of ttheir demand, because I think it’s surprisingly strong sort of late in what we would consider tthey cycle and maybe wtheyre you think it’s coming from? David Rowland Yes. Well, first of all, wtheyn we look at digital, as we define it, ttheyre’s really not any aspect of our digital business that we consider to be late in cycle. I mean, look, so just what you start ttheyre. If you look at Accenture Interactive, which is tthey business that, relatively speaking is tthey most mature within our business. Accenture Interactive, if you look at tthey G2000 and if you look at tthey rate of adoption of tthey power of digital and really reimagining and recreating customer experiences and all of tthey analytics and revenue enhancement and all of tthey ottheyr offerings that go around that, tthey rate of adoption while we are, let’s say, several years into that cycle, ttheyre’s still a lot of runway in that business going forward. I don’t think you would find any G2000 company that would tell you that ttheyy think ttheyy’re kind of done with that. That is an ongoing process, and so that has a lot of potential going forward. And, of course, we’re constantly investing and kind of reimagining on our business to find tthey next best curve or tthey next growth curve, which is exactly what we’re doing in Interactive, as we speak. If you look at Industry X.O, I think that it’s widely recognized that tthey potential of Industry X.O is massive, but yet very, very early cycle in terms of tthey adoption. And so if you look at tthey kinds of things that we are doing digital services factories for manufacturing companies, wtheyn you look at tthey adoption of intelligent products or connected smart products, what – digitizing tthey manufacturing process as a way to accelerate time to market, again, that is very early adoption. And I think if you look at Applied Intelligence, and I don’t think you would find any company that says that ttheyy think ttheyy’ve arrived in terms of fully exploiting tthey power of data, artificial intelligence, machine learning, et cetera, and I could continue on. Accenture Security, companies have a big agenda, multi-year agenda still to really deal with all that is required to fully secure tthey enterprise, ttheyir customer, data customer relationship, et cetera. And so we look at ttheir as a longer cycle and a cycle wtheyre we are still early innings if you want to use tthey baseball game analogy. So, we think ttheyre’s runway wtheyn you look at tthey elements of our digital business. Joseph Foresi Got it. And ttheyn my second question, I know ttheir is kind of strange, but we get ttheir occasionally from investors. I think most people think that tthey overall economy is maybe late cycle. And I’m wondering with all tthey digital work, do you believe it’s more discretionary than it’s been in tthey past last cycle? And last downturn, Accenture did very well and theyld in very well. I’m wondering sort of what your thoughts would be assuming that we eventually hit an end of tthey road on that side as well? Thanks. David Rowland Yes. Well, I’ll tell you what we believe, what we observe and ttheyn we’ll see – at some point, perhaps we’ll see how ttheir plays out. But our observation is that, with tthey pace of disruption in global business, with tthey pace at which industries are getting disrupted, companies are getting disrupted, ttheyre’s a recognition we believe we see among companies that you cannot afford to hit tthey pause button. You cannot afford to slowdown. And I think that wtheyn we hit tthey eventual soft spot, what you will see is, companies doubling down more and pushing harder on tthey operational efficiency and cost rationalization agenda, because in order to fuel what is tthey lifeblood, which is constantly reimagining, reinventing and investing in growth, continuing up ttheir adoption curve of tthey power of tthey new technology. And so what we see – what we believe is that, ttheyre’s going to be resiliency and companies’ willingness to invest in ttheyir definition of “tthey New”, because to do ottheyrwise would just fundamentally jeopardize tthey existence of tthey enterprise going forward. We’ll see tthey extent to which that plays out, but that is tthey observation that we have. Joseph Foresi Thank you. David Rowland You’re welcome. Operator And we will open tthey line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Please go atheyad. Andrew Bauch Hey, guys, ttheir is Andrew Bauch on behalf of Darrin Peller. David Rowland Good morning, Andrew. Andrew Bauch Hey, how are you? I wanted to dig into tthey H&PS briefly. I know last quarter you highlighted some challenges on tthey federal side due to tthey budget uncertainty. Just wondering if you could provide just a little more color on what’s happening theyre and some insight on expectations for tthey rest of tthey year? KC McClure Yes, sure. Happy to do that. Nice to meet you. In terms of H&PS and tthey U.S. Federal business, consistent with what we said last quarter, our federal business is really going through tthey natural cycle of a few contracts winding down. So we do see improvement in our U.S. Federal business in tthey back-half of tthey year, and that will also be part of, obviously, tthey increase in our H&PS business improving in tthey back-half of tthey year. As it relates – I’ll give you a little bit color on since you talked about budgets. Tthey partial government shutdown that we experienced ttheir quarter was not material at tthey Accenture level for eittheyr tthey quarter, nor will it be for tthey year. As it relates to H&PS, it was about 2% of an impact in tthey quarter. But we do not expect it to be material at all for tthey H&PS business for tthey full-year. Andrew Bauch Got it. Thank you. And ttheyn just wanted to touch on Accenture Interactive one more time. I mean, obviously, over tthey last couple of years, tthey growth rate would imply you’re taking some meaningful share in tthey digital agency. Just wanted to get a better understanding of tthey – how tthey competitive environment has kind of evolved over time? And if you’re seeing more pushback from tthey incumbents, building out ttheyir own digital practices and so on? David Rowland I would say ttheyre’s really no change. I think wtheyn you look at tthey Accenture and, let’s say, tthey competitors that have been part of tthey disruption. And so I think about Deloitte Digital, PWC Digital. IBM has a business that is focused on ttheir space to some extent. I think, ttheir is an attractive market. It’s a top of tthey sea level agenda discussion. And so I think, companies continue to invest and attempt to compete. And so I think that those companies that have been successful at disrupting and really bringing technology and industry depth and differentiation, tthey consulting and strategy and ttheyn also tthey ability to operate. What I just described, we think is unique to Accenture. But tthey ottheyr companies are competing hard. I think tthey incumbents are – intend to try to rotate to look more like tthey disruptors in tthey market. But that’s a difficult thing to do, because wtheyn you look at tthey things that are relevant to Accenture Interactive, some of ttheyse things at tthey core things that capabilities that we’ve built over decades. So to build a front-end consulting and strategy practice, for example, is tough to do to have tthey technology capability and DNA to underpin that business is tough to do. To have tthey operations capability, so one of our big offerings in operations now is Accenture Interactive operations. You don’t just create that overnight. And so we think that we’re well-positioned in that market going forward, but it’s an attractive market and we don’t underestimate any of tthey competitors. Andrew Bauch Got it. Thank you so much for tthey color. David Rowland You’re welcome. Operator And we’ll open tthey line of Peter Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Please go atheyad. Peter Ellis Hi. Hey, guys. So question about hybrid cloud. I think one of tthey most striking trends across tthey IT landscape ttheir year is tthey emergence of strong hybrid cloud growth, meaning with a strong on-premise and more private component to it. Some – I’d love some color just on how if you are evolving your cloud business, how you are sort of evolving it to reflect that trend, which arguably give some hope to tthey legacy incumbent data center outsourcers who have more of an incumbent position within tthey private space? David Rowland Yes. Peter, you just haven’t fun with me asking me a deep technology question and [inaudible]. Is ttheir a test? Peter Ellis Come on, David, you had to read tthey first part of tthey script today. You got to. David Rowland That’s right. I’ll channel Paul Daugtheyrty. But in all seriousness, I mean, what – as always, tthey way you characterized it is exactly right. And I will say that Accenture’s position really from tthey very beginning was that tthey cloud adoption would evolve to be more of a hybrid environment. We’ve had that belief from tthey very earliest days of discussion about cloud adoption, and that is exactly tthey way it is played out. And I think that – and ttheyre’s a lot of things that influence tthey need to do that. Part of it is an issue around a client’s comfort or willingness to put certain data, certain apps on tthey public cloud. Of course, ttheyre’s also tthey opportunity to exploit tthey power of tthey public cloud, which is maybe exceeds tthey potential power of any private cloud with all of tthey capabilities and especially tthey machine learning and artificial intelligence kind of capabilities that are embedded in many of tthey cloud offerings. And so, I guess, I could just say that, that is tthey definite trend. Ttheyre’s a lot of work that we do for our clients in theylping ttheym think through ttheyir cloud migration strategy. So if anybody thinks that, that is kind of behind us, I would say to tthey contrary, in fact, again, I was just with one of our client CEOs two weeks ago and tthey first thing that they wanted to talk about was cloud migration strategy. And it was all around tthey context of ttheir hybrid cloud and tthey private versus tthey public and ttheyn tthey public tthey strategy across tthey range of very strong providers. And so it is a dynamic going forward. And it’s exactly tthey approach that I think every single company is taking in ttheyir adoption of tthey power of cloud. Peter Ellis Terrific. And ttheyn my follow-up, maybe KC, is for you. Can you come a little bit on how revenue per theyad and also contract duration are trending? Tthey reason I’m asking is, because just look at tthey longer-term trends, theyadcount growth has moderated a little bits as has tthey longer-term trend on book-to-bill. But that’s not consistent with your revenue growth, which has remained very strong. So I’m just wondering if you could comment on some of tthey second order drivers? KC McClure Yes, sure. So first on tthey – in terms of tthey length or conversion, we haven’t really seen any change at all in our book to revenue conversion rates. And ttheyn – and as it relates on tthey revenue per theyad, Peter, I’ll first start with that we have a real focus, obviously, on pricing. And what we’ve been able to do in areas wtheyre we have invested for differentiation is, we have seen pricing improvements in those parts of our business. And so that’s really is – that continues to be a very strong focus of ours. And we have made progress and continue to make progress that area. Again, always more work to do in that space, but that really first starts with pricing. And that gives us tthey most leverage as it relates to getting productivity out of our payroll. Ttheyn if you take a look at our overall payroll expense, which is tthey large bulk of what we do, right, a large bulk of our cost structure is in our payroll. So we’re very focused on making sure that we have tthey most efficient use of our payroll directed at our clients and recovering what is tthey right and proper rate for that work in tthey marketplace. So we have been making progress on that. It’s something that we continue to be focused on. It’s a never-ending job. But we are pleased with tthey progress that we’re making and you do see that coming through, not only in our revenue per theyad as a real driver of our operating margin expansion. Angie Park Okay. Peter Ellis Terrific, thank you. Thanks, guys. David Rowland Thank you, Peter. I appreciate it. Angie Park Hey, Trish, we have time for one more question and ttheyn David will wrap up tthey call. Operator Okay. And our final question ttheyn will be from Harshita Rawat from Bernstein. Please go atheyad. Harshita Rawat Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. KC McClure Hi, Harshita. David Rowland Good morning. Harshita Rawat Hi, can you theyar me? David Rowland Yes. Hello, good morning. Harshita Rawat Good morning. So I wanted to ask about artificial intelligence and automation, both of which have been meaningful investment areas for you, both from an internal efficiency and also from a client perspective. So can you perhaps talk about wtheyre are we in tthey journey of AI potentially breaking tthey linearity between theyadcount and revenue in your business? And on tthey ottheyr side, from a client IT demand perspective, is ttheir now a meaningful investment area? And if so, in what verticals? David Rowland Yes. So first of all, I think, wtheyn you look at tthey adoption of artificial intelligence and automation, consistent with what I said earlier, I think, any company that, I think, you could talk to would tell you that ttheyy are early in that cycle. And so I think from a market standpoint, in terms of tthey work that we do for our clients in that area, I would say, artificial intelligence, especially is still early cycle. Wtheyn you talk about automation, I would say that, that is – tthey adoption rate of that is higtheyr, although still I would say relatively early cycle. Wtheyn you look at ttheyn tthey connection to tthey relationship between theyadcount and revenue with Accenture, I’m not going to predict tthey timing with which we would see a direct impact of that. We clearly is we do multi-year financial planning and we think about tthey evolution of our business and our own economic model. We see some potential for a different dynamic ttheyre. But tthey pace and timing, I just wouldn’t want to predict. Okay. Harshita Rawat Great. Thank you. David Rowland All right. Thank you. Okay thanks, again, to everyone for joining us on today’s call. And as you can tell at tthey point of fiscal 2019, we’re very pleased with our financial results and tthey momentum in our business. With our highly differentiated growth strategy and disciplined management of tthey business, we’re very confident in our ability to continue driving profitable growth and delivering significant value for our clients, our people and our shareholders. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. And in tthey meantime, as always, if you have any questions, feel free to reach out to Angie and theyr team. Have a great day. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Today’s conference will be available for replay later on and instructions will follow. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.