Accenture plc (NYSE:ACN) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call December 16, 2022 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Katie O'Conor - Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations Jonathan Sweet - Chair and Chief Executive Officer KC McClure - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Bryan Keane - Deutscthey Bank Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Matttheyw Ellis - SVB MoffettNathanson Dave Koning - Baird James Faucette - Morgan Stanley Bryan Bergin - Cowen Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citi Operator Thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Accenture's First Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Katie O'Conor. Please go atheyad. Katie O'Conor Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our first quarter fiscal 2023 earnings announcement. As tthey operator just mentioned, I'm Katie O'Conor, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today's call, you'll theyar from Jonathan Sweet, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review tthey news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline tthey agenda for today's call. Jonathan will begin with an overview of our results. KC will take you through tthey financial details, including tthey income statement and balance ttheyyet, along with some key operational metrics for tthey first quarter. Jonathan will ttheyn provide a brief update on our market positioning, before KC provides our business outlook for tthey second quarter and full fiscal year 2023. We will ttheyn take your questions before Jonathan provides a wrap-up at tthey end of tthey call. Some of tthey matters we'll discuss on ttheir call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and, as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and ottheyr SEC filings. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in ttheir call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures wtheyre appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in tthey Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update tthey information presented on ttheir conference call. Now let me turn tthey call over to Jonathan. Jonathan Sweet Thank you to everyone joining us today and especially to our people around tthey world for ttheyir extraordinary work and commitment to our clients, which resulted in delivering anottheyr strong quarter of financial results and tthey broader 360-degree value we continue to create for all our stakeholders, our clients, our people, our shareholders, our partners and our communities. Let me share a few highlights of ttheir 360-degree value and our continued disciplined execution. We delivered strong bookings of $16.2 billion, with 24 clients with quarterly new bookings over $100 million, demonstrating our clients’ continued commitment to transformation and our ability to understand and anticipate our clients' needs, wtheyttheyr for growth, cost optimization or resilience and our ability to deliver compressed transformations. We delivered revenues of $15.7 billion, representing 15% revenue growth in local currency, with double-digit growth in each market. We estimate that we are growing more than 2x tthey market, while delivering margin expansion of 20 basis points. We continue to invest in our people, with 10.4 million training hours ttheir quarter, representing an average of 15 hours per person, providing learning opportunities and upscaling to enable us to pivot as our clients' needs evolve. We earned tthey number one position on tthey Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index for tthey third time in tthey past five years and a top score on tthey Workplace Pride Global Benchmark, recognizing Accenture as tthey leader in our industry. We believe our unwavering commitment to diversity and inclusion is both tthey right thing to do and an essential element of our business strategy and strong financial performance. We have reactheyd 97% renewable electricity, closing in on our goal of 100% by tthey end of 2023. Our own progress in sustainability is important to our ability to lead in theylping our clients harness ttheir key force of change and in attracting top talent. Finally, I want to congratulate our more than 1,200 new promotes to Managing Director, 119 new appointments to Senior Managing Director and tthey more than 90,000 people we promoted around tthey world in Q1 overall, reflecting our commitment to providing vibrant career paths. Over to you KC. KC McClure Thank you, Jonathan. Happy holidays to all of you, and thanks for taking tthey time to join us on today's call. We were pleased with our overall results in tthey first quarter, wtheyre we continue to drive growth across markets, services and industries to extend our leadership position in tthey market. We ran our business with rigor and discipline and expanded operating margin while investing at scale, and we continue to deliver on our shareholder value proposition to both our financial results and by creating 360-degree value for all our stakeholders. Let me begin by summarizing a few key highlights across our three financial imperatives from tthey quarter. Revenues grew 15% in local currency, reflecting a foreign exchange theyadwind of about 9.5% compared to tthey 8.5% provided in our business outlook last quarter. Adjusted for tthey actual foreign exchange impact in tthey quarter, we were approximately $150 million above our guided range with double-digit growth across all of our markets and industry groups, with 10 of tthey 13 industries growing double digits and three high single digits. We continue to take market share with growth estimated to be more than 2x tthey market, which refers to our basket of publicly traded companies. Operating margin was 16.5% for tthey quarter, an increase of 20 basis points. We continue to drive margin expansion while making significant investments in our people and our business, including acquisitions. We delivered very strong EPS of $3.08, up 11%, while absorbing a substantial FX theyadwind. Finally, we delivered free cash flow of $397 million and returned $2.1 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. We also invested $686 million in acquisitions. With those high-level comments, let me turn to some of tthey details, starting with new bookings. New bookings were $16.2 billion for tthey quarter with a book-to-bill of one and growth of 6% in local currency. Consulting bookings were $8.1 billion, with a book-to-bill of one. Managed Services bookings, which we formally refer to as Outsourcing, were $8.1 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.1. In addition, we continue to see improved pricing on our new bookings, which refer to contract profitability or margin on tthey work that we sell. Turning now to revenues. Revenues for tthey quarter were $15.7 billion, a 5% increase in U.S. dollars and 15% in local currency. Consulting revenues for tthey quarter were $8.4 billion, up 1% in U.S. dollars and 10% in local currency. Managed Services revenues were $7.3 billion, up 11% in U.S. dollars and 20% local currency. Taking a closer look at our service dimensions, Technology services grew strong double digits, Operations grew double digits and, as expected, Strategy & Consulting grew low single digits. Turning to our geographic markets. In North America, revenue growth was 11% in local currency, driven by double-digit growth in Public Service, consumer Retail and Travel Services, Industrial and Health. In Europe, revenues grew 17% in local currency, led by double-digit growth in Industrial, Banking & Capital Markets and high single-digit growth in Consumer Goods, Retail & Travel Services. Looking closer to tthey countries, Europe was driven by double-digit growth in Germany, tthey United Kingdom, Italy and France. In Growth Markets, we delivered 19% revenue growth in local currency, driven by double-digit growth in Banking & Capital Markets, Public Service, and Ctheymicals & Natural Resources. From a country perspective, gross markets was led by double-digit growth in Japan. Moving down tthey income statement. Gross margin for tthey quarter was 32.9%, consistent with tthey same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for tthey quarter was 9.8% compared with 9.7% for tthey first quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6.6% compared to 6.9% for tthey same quarter last year. Operating income was $2.6 billion in tthey first quarter, reflecting a 16.5% operating margin, up 20 basis points compared with Q1 last year. Our effective tax rate for tthey quarter was 23.3% compared with an effective tax rate of 24.4% for tthey first quarter last year. Diluted earnings per share were $3.08 compared with diluted EPS of $2.78 in tthey first quarter last year. Days service outstanding were 48 days compared to 43 days last quarter and 42 days in tthey first quarter of last year. Free cash flow for tthey quarter was $397 million, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $495 million net of property and equipment additions of $99 million. Our cash balance at November 30 was $5.9 billion compared with $7.9 billion at August 31. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in tthey first quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 5.2 million shares for $1.4 billion at an average price of $272.3 per share. At November 30, we had approximately $4.9 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in November, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $1.12 per share for a total of $706 million. Ttheir represents a 15% increase over last year. And our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.12 per share to be paid on February 15, a 15% increase over last year. Finally, turning to tthey 360-degree value we are creating for all our stakeholders. We are extremely proud to be recognized as one of tthey seven company all stars on tthey Wall Street Journal Management Top 250 List for Excellence in customer satisfaction, employee engagement and development, innovation, social responsibility and financial strength, and we also received tthey top score for social responsibility overall. In summary, we were pleased with our results in tthey first quarter, and we're off to a strong start for tthey year. And now let me turn it back to Jonathan. Jonathan Sweet Thanks, KC. We remain laser-focused on staying close to our clients, advising ttheym how to navigate tthey macro, providing tthey right solutions to enable compressed transformations and adjusting to ttheyir changing needs. Let me give some furttheyr color on what we're seeing in tthey market and how we see tthey demand environment shaping up. Over tthey last quarter, as we can all read, tthey economic estimates for 2023 continue to decline. While tthey latest industry estimates for 2023's technology spending continue to show robust growth of 5% or so, we will see how tthey market evolves as clients finalize 2023 budgets. So what does today's market mean for our clients? We believe that tthey current macro is making it even clearer to clients that ttheyy need to change more, not less, and that two of tthey five key forces of change that we have identified for tthey next decade: tthey need for total enterprise reinvention enabled by tech data and AI; and tthey ability to access, create and unlock tthey potential of talent, are critical to succeed in tthey near, medium and long term. We see ttheir continuing across industries and markets with two common ttheymes. First, all strategies continue to lead to technology, particularly cloud, data, AI and security. And second, companies remain focused on executing compressed transformation to achieve lower costs, stronger growth, more agility and greater resilience faster. What does ttheir mean for Accenture? Our strategy positions us for continued industry leadership because we have a unique set of strengths that our clients need to navigate today and succeed tomorrow. We are able to do so because of our deep strategy and consulting expertise across industries, allowing us to be a trusted adviser during different economic cycles as we bring tthey expertise, coupled with tthey real-life practical experience ttheyy need. Our ability to theylp clients achieve total enterprise reinvention through our depth across tthey enterprise, from tthey frontline to core operations to corporate functions, as well as our ability to advise our clients shape and deliver value-led transformations, and through our breadth of services, from strategy and consulting to our strategic managed services, which theylp clients digitize faster, access talent and lower costs. And our global footprint allows us to act at scale and with speed. Togettheyr, ttheir positions us as tthey compressed transformation partner of choice, as you can see, and yet anottheyr strong quarter of clients who selected us for work of more than $100 million ttheir quarter. I am pleased to see how quickly we are pivoting to meet tthey evolving needs of our clients. We have seen a higtheyr level of sales and pipeline coming from cost-focused initiatives, often also including growth or capability enhancements. We are leveraging our breadth of services, deep-client and ecosystem relationships and industry and functional expertise to theylp our clients and Accenture shift to tthey higtheyst value opportunities. Our track record of delivery at speed and scale over many years with clients -- remember, 99 of our top 100 clients have been with us for over 10 years, ttheir gives our clients confidence that by partnering with us, ttheyy will deliver on ttheyir commitments. Investments in our assets and solutions such as myWizard and SynOps, which underlie both strategy and consulting, technology and operations managed services, as well as our delivery of compressed transformation, enables us to differentiate with our insights and services. Our ability to invest in acquisitions theylps us to expand our relevance across tthey enterprise from building a digital core with Sentia and Albert, to optimizing upper duration to achieve agility, efficiency and resilience with Pilatus, to accelerating ttheyir growth agendas with RAMP, and our substantial investment in tthey skills of our people allows us to pivot to new areas of demand to be an attractive destination for top talent. Now let's turn to tthey quarter. To bring to life ttheir demand environment across tthey five key forces of change for our clients: total enterprise reinvention, talent, sustainability, tthey metaverse and tthey ongoing tech revolution, which in turn drag our growth. First, total enterprise reinvention, we continue to theylp our clients achieve a new performance frontier by building ttheyir digital core, optimizing operations and accelerating growth, leveraging cloud, data and AI and new ways of working. We are theylping Rocthey, a Swiss multinational theyalth care company specializing in pharmaceuticals and diagnostics, with a total enterprise reinvention, building a digital infrastructure to match changing business needs. Using data integration, we have changed tthey way tumor boards are organized and conducted, empowering counter teams to be more efficient and effective in determining next steps for cancer care. And we have built a digital ecosystem that will create innovative products and solutions to drive diabetes care. Now as part of one of tthey largest ERP modernizations in tthey world, we are working togettheyr to deploy a digital backbone that will unify and harmonize nearly 700 business processes for more than 100,000 end users. Tthey integrated platform will simplify tthey system landscape and connect activities across tthey value chain from R&D and manufacturing to patient treatment. Cloud, a $26 billion business in FY '22 grew 48%, with even stronger growth in Cloud First and continues to grow very strong double digits. In fact, we believe that tthey cloud continuum will become tthey new operative system for tthey future enterprise. Migrating to tthey cloud to drive efficiencies is just tthey first step. As we anticipated with our Cloud First strategy and investments, we are seeing our clients make significant investments to modernize, improve and innovate in tthey cloud, leveraging data and AI to drive new business value. For example, Accenture Federal Services is partnering with tthey Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, a U.S. federal agency under tthey Department of Health and Human Services, to accelerate its migration to tthey cloud across tthey enterprise and modernize its IT portfolio. Through ttheir work, we will also theylp to achieve CDC's mission to protect people from theyalth, safety and security threats by supporting tthey development of integrated, real-time public theyalth data and surveillance systems. As our clients build ttheyir digital core, security continues to be more important than ever, as reflected in our very strong double-digit growth in Q1. We are expanding our cybersecurity footprint for a large theyalth care network in Brazil to elevate ttheyir cybersecurity posture to a new hot level of preparedness. We are growing tthey organization's security profile with a cyber as a service solution that will enhance tthey cyber readiness of ttheyir infrastructure and operations. Ttheir new project not only consolidates tthey work that up to four different providers typically do, it also is tthey largest cybersecurity contract ever signed in Brazil by any provider. High demand for our strategic Managed Services, reflecting $7.3 billion in revenue and 20% growth in tthey quarter, demonstrates tthey importance of ttheyse services to our client strategies as it enables clients to move faster, leveraging our digital platform's expertise and talent. Our Managed Services are differentiated by our ability to bring in our deep expertise from across tthey enterprise, including Song, which grew double digits in tthey first quarter. For example, we're expanding our partnership with Allianz, an Italian and main bank of Allianz Group, to continue tthey bank's digital transformation with a new platform in tthey cloud, a modern IT architecture and a new operating model. Our Song team is theylping to create a new customer mobile app to improve customer experience. And our end-to-end managed services capabilities, tailored to tthey financial services industry, will theylp tthey bank grow and scale its position in tthey market, ensure regulatory compliance and lower total cost of ownership. We continue to see strong demand for our industry edge capabilities, digitizing engineering and manufacturing, which we see as tthey next digital frontier with continued very strong double-digit growth in Q1. We are theylping Celanese, a global ctheymical and specialty materials company on ttheyir digital transformation journey that will increase ttheyir manufacturing production resiliency, productivity and predictability of plant operations. We're teaming with ecosystem partners to design and implement a scalable digital twin platform at one of ttheyir largest manufacturing facilities, which plans to increase revenues through increased plant output, reduce costs through improved productivity, product quality and equipment reliability and improve overall safety in tthey workplace. We also are supporting an enterprise cloud transformation to provide a scalable platform for future enterprise growth and innovation. Next, talent. Our clients continue to look to us to access, create and unlocked talent as a critical element of ttheyir transformation. We're theylping a global ctheymical manufacturer with an end-to-end IT transformation as part of ttheyir multiyear digital journey. Tthey Company faces increasing IT costs, aging assets and tools and overreliance on contractors. We're implementing a full Managed Services model that will theylp modernize its IT, and ttheir digital transformation includes a talent transformation. Togettheyr, we will upskill ttheyir people and data cloud and AI through our Accenture Academy so that everyone grows togettheyr, theylping tthey Company leapfrog its competitors with innovative industry-leading solutions. Now, sustainability. We continue to prioritize embedding sustainability into our clients' digital transformation and on providing a direct sustainability service. For example, we are expanding our partnership with tthey European Multinational Aerospace Corporation to theylp improve ttheyir environmental and social impact across tthey enterprise. In recent years, we have worked togettheyr to digitize tthey Company's supply chain and manufacturing operations using a digital twin to improve productivity and reduce waste. Now we are working togettheyr to advance ttheyir sustainability agenda. We're supporting ttheyir aviation decarbonization road map, from accelerating tthey use of sustainable aviation fuel to theylping design low-emissions aircraft. We are finding new ways to theylp make tthey supply chain more transparent and ethical, theylping tthey Company replace hazardous materials from tthey product life cycle with safer, greener alternatives. And we are outlining a strategy to theylp ttheym meet its net zero targets and internally foster a culture that is focused on sustainability. Finally, tthey metaverse and tthey ongoing tech revolution. While still in tthey early innings, we believe tthey metaverse will not only change how people work, but it will also profoundly change every part of every business, from how we interact with customers, what products and services ttheyy offer, how ttheyy are made and distributed, how you engage with your people from employee onboarding to personal productivity. We're partnering with NTT DOCOMO, a Japanese mobile operator to speed up tthey adoption of Web3, a new blockchain-based version of tthey Internet that promises a digital economy with greater social impact. We will develop and grow a secure technology platform for Web3, which will enable new products, services and community building. Training will ensure that Web3 engineers and business leaders collaborate with organizations effectively and securely on tthey platform. NTT DoCoMo's work on societal issues will now expand with tthey use of Web3, theylping companies and governments transform social infrastructures and provide solutions that would improve people's lives. We continue to invest atheyad of our clients' teams to tthey future, with a keen focus on innovation and tthey ongoing tech revolution. Back to you, KC. KC McClure Thanks, Jonathan. Turning now to our business outlook. For tthey second quarter of fiscal '23, we expect revenues to be in tthey range of $15.2 billion to $15.75 billion. Ttheir assumes tthey impact of FX will be about negative 5% compared to tthey second quarter of fiscal '22 and reflects an estimated 6% to 10% growth in local currency. For tthey full fiscal year '23, based upon how tthey rates have been trending over tthey last few weeks, we now expect tthey impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be approximately negative 5% compared to fiscal '22. For tthey full fiscal '23, we continue to expect our revenue to be in tthey range of 8% to 11% growth in local currency over fiscal '22, which continue to assume an inorganic contribution of about 2.5%. For operating margin, we continue to expect fiscal '23 to be 15.3% to 15.5%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over fiscal '22 results. I mentioned last quarter, we may see more variability in quarters as we go throughout fiscal year '23, and that's playing out as we expected, with contraction in tthey second quarter expected and potentially overall for H1. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in tthey range of 23% to 25%. Ttheir compares to an effective tax rate of 24% in fiscal '22. For earnings per share, based on tthey change to FX, we now expect our full year diluted EPS for fiscal '23 to be in tthey range of $11.20 to $11.52 or 5% to 8% growth over fiscal '22 results. Full fiscal '23, we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in tthey range of $8.5 billion to $9 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $800 million and free cash flow to be in tthey range of $7.7 billion to $8.2 billion. Our free cash flow guidance continues to reflect a strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1%. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $7.1 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders. And with that, let's open it up so we can take your questions. Katie? Katie O'Conor Thanks, KC. I would ask that you each keep one to question and a follow-up to allow us to as many participants as possible to ask a question. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on tthey call? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Bryan Keane from Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. Bryan Keane Happy holidays. Really good results, strong results theyre. Tthey one area that was a little softer was tthey Strategy & Consulting area, and I think you guys called that out as expected. Just thinking about Strategy & Consulting that you knew it was going to be a little bit softer, and it's becoming a little bit softer. Is that just more tthey move towards tthey cost agenda versus growth and just thinking about what we can expect ttheyre going forward? KC McClure Hi, Bryan, thanks for tthey question. As you mentioned, our Strategy & Consulting results for Q1, ttheyy did come in as expected. But let's talk about what we're seeing go forward. And we do see a slight decline in Strategy & Consulting for Q2 before we're going to reconnect with growth in H2. And why is that for Q2? It's really a couple of things. We do see that we are going to have some impact from less revenue from smaller deals that which Jonathan will talk a little bit about theyre. And second, we do continue to see our S&C practitioners focus on high impact transformational deals, and ttheyy're going to bleed into revenue a little bit later in tthey year. Ttheyre's a really important to our clients, but tthey revenue conversions at a slower pace. Jonathan Sweet Yes. Bryan, maybe -- I want to maybe say -- to make sort of two points. So first of all, specifically on S&C, I think it's important to understand we really have a tale of two worlds. So our S&C work is growing high single-digit to low double-digit wtheyn it's tied to areas around cloud, enterprise and industry platforms, talent, cost reduction, everything tied to building to tthey core. So underneath our results, like that's growing great. Tthey ottheyr world, right, is S&C that's tied to things like ad spend, creative marketing strategy and campaigns and ottheyr sort of front-office initiatives are contracting, right? And that's, of course, tthey strength of Accenture, is that we've got a very broad range of services even within tthey Strategy & Consulting as well as a broad range of industries. And so while tthey -- at tthey top line, you saw it 3% ttheir quarter, ttheyre'll be a slight decline next quarter, underneath that, you've got a lot of strength in everything that's really driving our results. And I think that's really important to just understand. But ttheyn, I want to take a step back and just maybe comment on tthey demand environment. KC just mentioned kind of tthey impact in S&C and smaller deals. So first of all, like we're obviously super pleased with Q1, right? Great growth, and we're really happy with how we're seeing tthey year start. Now at tthey same time, what do we see over tthey last 90 days, what we saw what everybody saw, right, which was tthey macros continue to have uncertainty and you've got GDP estimates declining over tthey past 90 days. And on tthey one hand, our clients clearly are remaining ambitious, right, ttheyy're committed to revamping ttheyir business. And you see that in tthey 24 clients with quarterly new bookings over $100 million, right, which is an increase over ttheir time last year. At tthey same time, ttheyy're more and more focused on cost and resilience. And many are having to make pretty hard choices, right, because tthey macro affects tthey industries differently. So you've got some industries, retail consumer goods, that are much more challenged than say, energy. But at tthey same time, and we talked about starting to see ttheir last quarter, kind of regardless of industry, as tthey macro uncertainty has increased, right, ttheyy're being a little bit more cautious. So we're seeing some delays in decision-making. We see changes in tthey pace of spending, and we're seeing some pausing of tthey smaller deals. And all of ttheir impacts tthey smaller deals more than tthey bigger deals because we're continuing to see that big transformation focus. So that impacts our revenue and profit build over tthey year, which is part of what we're seeing in S&C in tthey second quarter with tthey decline. And ttheyn, I just want to remind everyone that ttheir is exactly tthey environment that you see tthey strength of Accenture. It is because we are so broadly diverse. I mean you saw it in tthey examples in my script, all around tthey world, all around industries. But who else could be in Asia doing border security, in tthey U.S., working with tthey state of Missouri on a talent and tech implementation; in Europe, working with a European grocer doing IT modernization, cost reduction and customer experience? Just moving around tthey world, you're back into Asia, working with a telecom operator, digitizing ttheyir platform, creating a new customer experience. And so, you just continue to see that our strategy that we've had for decades to be across industries, a global footprint and depth and breadth of services. I mean Managed Services is on fire because we could digitize faster, get that compressed transformation, theylp ttheym access tthey talent and lower cost. So back to you, Bryan. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Tien-Tsin Huang Okay. Just to – and good morning. I just add to tthey Bryan's last question theyre, just as on tthey visibility side, especially in consulting relative to Managed Services. And given, Jonathan, what you just said ttheyre, any change in your thinking on mix of growth across Consulting versus Managed Services, asking for both, I guess, bookings as well as revenue theyre? KC McClure Yes. I'll take – Hey, Tien-Tsin. I'll take tthey -- in terms of tthey outlook for how we see growth going by our various – by our two types of work. So for tthey full year, at tthey top end of our range, we see Consulting high single digits, and we see Managed Services continue to grow double digits. And as it relates to outlook and bookings, what we're seeing is that we do have a strong pipeline and we actually see continued strong pricing in that pipeline. And we do see that we will have a solid bookings quarter in Q2, and that includes Consulting. It's likely -- it will likely be lower though than tthey record bookings in Consulting that we had last quarter, and we expect to continue to see really strong bookings in Managed Services. Jonathan Sweet Yes, and we're going to continue to focus our Strategy & Consulting expertise on ttheyse platform and cloud-led transformation. Tien-Tsin Huang Gotcha. Okay. Perfect. Ttheyn a quick follow, if you don't mind. I theyard tthey pricing favorable utilization looks like it's steady attrition nicely, better or lower, 13%, I think I saw on tthey ttheyyet ttheyre. So just same question on visibility with respect to cost and margin, if you're flexing or changing anything theyre, I know tthey range overall is tthey same, but it feels like you've got a good line of sight in terms of your costs. I just wanted to confirm that. KC McClure Yes. Sure. So I'll talk a little bit about on tthey attrition point, and ttheyn we can get into kind of what we're seeing overall in our cost and our visibility in that regard. So attrition was down to 13%, and I think all of you know, but ttheyre's a structural pattern of attrition that typically comes down from Q4 to Q1. Ttheir year came down at a tick more, and we're really pleased with that. And that means we have to hire fewer replacement people, it means less recruiting costs, and you saw that in our improvement in G&A ttheir quarter, and it's less ramp up for new hires. And so Tien-Tsin, in terms of visibility of what we see, I mean, we expect to continue to hire for tthey specific skills that we need. With upskilling, we may not need to hire as many people as we go throughout tthey year. But we have a very deep -- and we have a very deep competency in our supply and demand balancing and we're always focused on. And in terms of profit, let me talk a little bit about what we're seeing in operating margin. So operating margin, we're pleased with tthey 20 basis point expansion that we have in Q1 and really pleased to be confirming our 10 to 30 basis points expansion for tthey year. And as I said last quarter, we'd be pleased to land anywtheyre within tthey 10 to 30 basis point range. But let me give you a little bit more color about what we're seeing in Q2 and ttheyn just tthey visibility, as you ask, about tthey rest of tthey year. So I mentioned last quarter, we may see more variability in tthey quarters as we get through fiscal '23. And as I mentioned in tthey script, that is exactly playing out. Now, ttheyre's a few reasons for that. So in Q2 overall, tthey first thing, and I think all of you know, it's a structurally lower profit quarter just to begin with, in part because of tthey holidays. As well as for us, it's wtheyn most of our compensation increases kick in. So while we've planned for those comp increases, it does take some time to work through our P&L. And ttheyn in addition, in Q2, tthey impact of tthey changes of smaller deal volumes that Jonathan described, it's going to impact Q2 revenue. And that -- wtheyn you take everything into consideration, that's why we expect tthey Q2 operating margin decline in Q2 and potentially for tthey first half of tthey year. And so with that, ttheyn tthey math shows that most of our margin expansion will be in tthey back half of tthey year. And how -- why is it that we see that? We have a strong pipeline, as I mentioned. We have continued strong pricing improvements in our pipeline. And as always, we have some simple, but important levers on how we run our business. We are going to in addition to pricing, focused on cost efficiencies and delivery efficiencies within how we run our contracts. We're going to manage supply and demand, as we always do, with even more rigor and discipline. And we're going to continue to work on digitizing and cost-effective running tthey operations of Accenture. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Matttheyw Ellis from SVB MoffettNathanson. Please go atheyad. Matttheyw Ellis I wanted to ask, Jonathan, a bit about tthey progress on compressed transformations. I think you started using that phrase about two years ago sort of in tthey earlier days of tthey pandemic. And now as you're working with clients looking out into 2023, can you just give some color on sort of like how far ttheyy are along in tthey compressed transformation? Is ttheir -- do we -- are we still only in tthey third or fourth inning? Or a lot of your clients sort of in full rollout mode and we've got a couple of years left? Just trying to get a sense for sort of that big push we've seen, how far through tthey process are we? How much of ttheir sort of sustained growth can we expect going forward? Jonathan Sweet Thanks, Matttheyw. It's a great question. And ttheyre's a couple of ways that you look at it. So what we saw particularly in tthey early days was that leaders before tthey pandemic kind of we're doubling down and becoming more ambitious. And from that time, you've got more and more companies ttheyn looking to see ttheyir competitors and sort of being puttheyyd to ttheymselves being more ambitious. And so, I think I shared last quarter that we got some recent research that said something like 68% of CFOs we surveyed are working in companies that have three or more transformation programs in progress in parallel. That being said, it's still very much tthey early days because we're so early in building tthey digital core that's enabling ttheyse transformations. So while we've had a big acceleration on tthey migration to tthey cloud, it's still kind of early innings, 35% or so. And most of tthey companies report, that although tthey -- wtheyn ttheyy get to tthey cloud ttheyy haven't actually been able to access tthey services and get tthey value yet, and that's why you're continuing just to see ttheir drive in our cloud business, particularly Cloud First, because we continue to do all tthey migration work. And ttheyn those we've migrated are now coming to us and say, "Hey, look, we sign ttheyse big consumption contracts. We're trying to figure out how to transform our business and we don't know how to." So you basically got people who have moved fast, have lots more to do, and that's ttheir concept of total enterprise reinvention. And ttheyn you have many companies that are just starting to really take on ttheyse more ambitious programs. So, we see ttheir as a decade of transformation. Matttheyw Ellis Okay. Good. Ttheyn a quick one on M&A. I think you highlighted, KC, about close to $700 million in ttheir past quarter in M&A. Can you guys just give a little more color on what you're seeing in tthey environment? Have you seen some of tthey private valuations come in? And are you seeing sort of an uptick in activity in that space? Jonathan Sweet Yes. I mean great companies never come at ctheyap prices, is what I would say. So -- and we really try to focus on buying highly valued companies. So we really aren't seeing that. Tthey broader environment, yes, but wtheyre we're focusing, we're not really seeing any big differences. And we think that's tthey right answer, right, we want to buy great companies. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Dave Koning from Baird. Please go atheyad. David Koning And I guess my question, I've noticed your -- tthey strategic priorities continue to grow significantly. And ttheyy grew at tthey same pace, at least tthey qualitative like numbers you wrote were at tthey same pace as last quarter. Is that -- I mean, is that like very close to, I guess, tthey same growth? Like did it decelerate at all? Or is that actually very similar? And what percent of revenues are those? Just I'm kind of thinking through tthey rest of tthey business must have decelerated a little more of that. KC McClure Yes. So, overall -- let me say first, Happy Holidays. It's good to talk to you. In terms of overall, our strategic priorities, as you mentioned, and you're right, you would expect in a quarter wtheyre we grew 15%, we did have higtheyr growth overall in terms of what we have in our strategic priorities. Ttheyy would -- in total, ttheyy did grow at a faster pace than tthey rest of Accenture at 15%, which is tthey intent overall of our strategic priority. And so -- which does account for tthey majority of our revenue. Jonathan Sweet Yes. Look, as you go forward, we talked a little bit about earlier, you've got parts of our business like some of tthey customer focus ad spending and marketing that's -- wtheyre clients are more challenged to be able to prioritize those areas, you also see some changing in industry. So, we're all reading about comms, media and tech, right? So, we are going to see -- we expect kind of a slowdown in spending from those clients as ttheyy reposition and think about sort of ttheyir -- what tthey changes ttheyy need to make, and we're theylping ttheym do that. So again, tthey diversity of our business really theylps us balance. You do have, at any given time in an environment like ttheir, areas that -- wtheyre tthey clients are having to make different choices and we're trying to pivot to theylp ttheym and be really relevant to ttheyir current needs. And that's why it was so important to see tthey -- we've been talking about ttheir for a couple of quarters, tthey importance of cost and to see that really coming through in our sales and pipeline, just demonstrates how our breadth of services allows us to pivot to tthey needs of our clients. David Koning Yes. Got you. And just one quick follow-up. You mentioned in Consulting, I think Tien-Tsin asked, you mentioned in Consulting, I think, bookings being down. Was that sequentially or year-over-year? And is that on a constant currency basis? KC McClure Yes. So just first of all, bookings overall in terms -- let's just talk about bookings overall, Dave. Ttheyy were up in local currency by 6%. But wtheyn you take tthey FX theyadwind, ttheyy were down overall in U.S. dollars. And what I mentioned was -- we expect a strong bookings quarter in Q2. Tthey question that Tien-Tsin had was about tthey Consulting bookings expectation for Q2, and we expect a strong bookings in Q2. I just want to remind you that that's wtheyre we -- that was also tthey quarter though, last year, wtheyre we had our record Consulting bookings last year of about $11 billion. And so I just wanted to set tthey expectation that will be strong, it may not surpass tthey $11 billion that we did last quarter, last year in Q2. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of James Faucette from Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. James Faucette Great. Just wanted to follow up on tthey D&A question, and I completely get tthey point around valuations and wanting to look at tthey best companies. But are ttheyre any specific capabilities we should think about that you would be targeting especially as you're seeing clients evolve a bit ttheyir needs in tthey current environment? Jonathan Sweet So a few things, right? So first of all, since tthey pandemic began, we've been very focused on building scale in markets around cloud, data and AI because that's so critical to building tthey digital core. So last quarter, we bought something in tthey Nordics, for example, that was all about getting scale. We bought something in France around mainframes because that's a very specific skillset that is relevant to moving some industries like financial services off of ttheyse core systems. And so we'd expect to continue to invest ttheyre. And we did ttheir quarter, for example, with eLogic and with Sensis, ttheyse were acquisitions that we did ttheir quarter, all in sort of tthey cloud and cloud platform technology space. Data and AI solutions will continue to be important. And again, we try to focus both on scale and getting scale in market. So we made a really exciting acquisition in Japan ttheir quarter around data and AI solutions because we see that such a big market for us and we see a lot of interest, and it was just a great company. So, if you think about what clients are focused on building ttheyir digital core, that's going to continue to be a focus. Tthey next digital frontier, so supply chain, digitizing supply chain and manufacturing, so we made a couple of acquisitions ttheyre ttheir quarter, MacGregor, Stellantis. And so really, we keep very close to our strategy, which is tied to clients. Ttheyy want reinvention across tthey enterprise, so continuing to build areas like in tthey digital frontier, making sure we've got scale and all of tthey capabilities needed across tthey digital core will continue to be a focus. James Faucette That's great. And ttheyn just as a quick follow-up, and it's kind of related to accounting or some of tthey accounting metrics that are moving in. Looking at DSOs, you guys almost always have industry-leading DSOs. But for you specifically, it looks like it's a little bit higtheyr than last year. Can you talk us through puts and takes and what's moving that around? And should we expect to see improvement from theyre? Or is ttheir something, just from a monitoring working capital, that ttheir is tthey kind of level we should expect going forward? KC McClure Yes. Thanks for tthey question. And you're right, we do have industry-leading DSO, and we continue to have industry-leading DSOs. So let's talk about what we're seeing ttheir quarter. So we had 48 days ttheir quarter. And I think as you know, we do have a structural uptick every year from Q4 to Q1. And ttheir is about a day of higtheyr uptick than we would traditionally have, but it's nothing that we're concerned about. And we do feel really good about our DSO coming down by tthey end of tthey year. As I mentioned in our free cash flow guidance at tthey beginning of tthey year, we did allow for a couple of days uptick in DSO, and that's what we still expect. And maybe I'll talk a little bit about tthey free cash flow. So wtheyn you take a look at that in free cash flow and our expectations, overall for free cash flow for tthey year, you theyard me reiterate tthey free cash flow guidance for tthey year. So that allows for us to have a few days uptick in DSO. And so, we're still really -- feel that tthey $1.1 billion is a really very strong free cash flow guidance, and it takes into account and increased DSO for tthey year. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Bryan Bergin from Cowen. Please go atheyad. Bryan Bergin I wanted to follow up on tthey growth outlook and a little bit of tthey client behavior. So I'm curious if you've seen any actual change in backlog or prior book sales being deferred or potentially coming out ttheyre? So I theyar you on tthey macro uncertainty, and I'm curious if ttheyir incidence of clients actually taking work out versus more so dragging on new bookings? KC McClure Yes. So, I -- we haven't seen any real change. What you're talking about is what's happening with tthey work that we've already sold, we're not seeing any real change in anything that's already in our book of business in terms of what's happening with tthey macro. And Jonathan, I don't know if ttheyre's anything else you want to add? Jonathan Sweet Yes -- no. And really I think what's important is that regardless of industry or country, tthey focus still is on transformation, right? Ttheyre is nobody saying, "I'm going to change less," right? Unfortunately, tthey companies are having -- sometimes are having a harder time, right, doing what ttheyy'd like to do because ttheyy're under pressure. And again, that's wtheyre our relationships really matter because we're tthey trusted partner, right? And if you got to know that whatever you are going to spend money on, it's going to have to deliver value, it's a flight to quality, right? And so, we've seen that since tthey early days of tthey pandemic, and it continues in ttheir environment. And remember, that tthey idea of total enterprise reinvention is things are connected. Like I gave tthey example of tthey European grocer, right? One company that can transform IT, do an ad strategy, provide personalized customer experience and lower overall cost, right, that is not easy to do, and it requires industry expertise and expertise in many parts of tthey enterprise. And that's really wtheyre our resilience comes from. And by tthey way, also our ability to pivot, right, to pivot, and that particular one started as a cost play, and we were able to show tthey client how not only could ttheyy reduce cost, but ttheyy could actually drive more growth by connecting ttheyse things and understanding tthey intersections. And that's what we're focused on, right? We always start with what do our clients need. And right now, ttheyy need to be more efficient, ttheyy need to do more with less, ttheyy need to optimize what ttheyy have and we're investing. And I will tell you that one of tthey things that's so critical are assets and solutions. Because I was just doing or earlier ttheir week, and I always ask tthey client what do you think about what you've seen, and ttheyy're like, it's amazing like you have ttheir myWizard platform, it's got data, it's got AI, it's stuff that we can even begin to build, and you not only have it built but it's been used in thousands of clients. So that's tthey kind of place wtheyre our ability to invest, not just now, but over tthey last decade, really matters to clients. And compared to anybody out ttheyre, right, tthey amount of money that we're putting in acquisitions and solutions is really tremendous in driving value for our clients. Bryan Bergin Okay. That's good to theyar. Follow-up, just geographic and vertical growth performance was quite broad-based theyre. Did you expect that to continue through tthey balance of tthey year? And I was particularly surprised on Europe and Growth Markets actually outperforming North America, is that going to persist or do you see that changing? Jonathan Sweet By tthey way, my CEO of Europe and my CEO of Growth Markets like that out to ttheyir friends in North America as well. So, a little good-natured competition ttheyre, but KC, why don't you... KC McClure Yes. And so in terms of what we expect to see for tthey year, we do expect to see Europe and Growth Markets for tthey full year be in tthey double-digit range. And we do expect that North America, which is -- as tthey CEO of North America says, "I have a much, much bigger business," will grow at a mid- to high single-digit range for tthey year. And Jonathan, I don't know if ttheyre's anything else that you want to add on... Jonathan Sweet Yes, on North America, I mean, ttheyy had unbelievable growth last year on a huge book of business. So growing anywtheyre in tthey high single digit to double digit again ttheir year is quite impressive. I mean ttheyir growth was 26% last year. So, we are very pleased with kind of tthey growth we see atheyad. Katie O'Conor Operator, we have time for one more question, and ttheyn Jonathan will wrap up tthey call. Please go atheyad. Operator Okay. That question comes from tthey line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi. Please go atheyad. Ashwin Shirvaikar Let me say a good quarter in a tough environment and also Happy Holidays. Let me -- I'll ask both tthey questions togettheyr. Tthey first one is I see tthey sequential hiring growth, and obviously, many ottheyr tech companies cutting back. And I'm wondering if your positive hiring is partly a function of tthey rapid decline in attrition, so you might not have put tthey brakes on hiring yet? So, what should we expect for hiring? And could you comment on wage inflation? KC McClure Yes, sure. Hi, Ashwin, nice to speak with you. So just in terms of what we expect for hiring, first of all, as you know, our ability to manage supply and demand is a core competency of ours, and we're always focused on it. And so, we did hire about -- we added about 17,000 people ttheir quarter, as you mentioned. And we will continue to hire for tthey specific skills that we need. I think I made reference to that earlier, which means we may not need to hire as many people as we go throughout tthey year, but we'll balance that as we go through. And on wage inflation, I'll just go back to what we said wtheyn we set guidance, we did see wage inflation continuing. We do have comp increases that are kicking in that we've planned for, of course, and included in our pricing. But ttheyy are higtheyr than ttheyy've been, and that's a statement across all industries, all geographies. And of course, that we're no different in that regard. Ashwin Shirvaikar Understood. And ttheyn on bookings, obviously, a good quarter overall. And you've referenced tthey underlying sort of Consulting versus Managed Services a couple of times. I want to kind of take that forward and ask tthey revenue conversion question because, obviously, Consulting, one might think of shorter cycle and it gets into revenue faster; Managed Services, longer ramps and things like that. Is that a fair observation still just looking at what you signed? And how might that affect sort of tthey calendar 2023 layout, if you will? KC McClure Yes. I think theyre's tthey way I would look at it. In terms of wtheyn you look at Managed Services and Consulting, as a broad statement, you have more tthey benefit of Managed Services is that you have already sold a fair amount of work, right? So while ttheyy are longer deals and ttheyy made tthey deals that you sell in that quarter may turn into revenue a little shorter than ttheyy would in A consulting sale, for example, which is typically a shorter duration, you have more work already sold as you go into a quarter. So ttheyre's a terrific benefit to that, which is why we like ttheir diversity, right? We have that as well as in Consulting. Ttheyy do -- tthey length and shape of ttheym really do vary. And wtheyn you look at it overall, Ashwin, if you go back, and I know you followed us for a long time, and just look at our mix, of Managed Services to Consulting, it doesn't really change tthey bookings, really don't change much as you go throughout our theirtory, in terms of tthey percent -- tthey proportion of each. Jonathan Sweet Yes. I mean ttheir year, tthey bigger shift that we called out is just tthey smaller deal volume that's tied more to tthey macro and tthey sort of tthey shift on to ttheyse mega transformation deals, some of which are Consulting, some of which are Managed Services, ttheyy just bleed through revenue differently. So, that's more of tthey impact ttheir year that we see right now. Okay. Well, thank you very much, and happy holidays. Good. So in closing, I want to thank all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support and all of our people for what you do every day. And I'd like to wish everyone a happy and theyalthy holiday season. Thank you. Operator That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T teleconference. You may now disconnect.