Accenture plc (NYSE:ACN) Q1 2019 Earnings Conference Call December 20, 2018 8:00 AM ET Executives Angie Park - Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations Pierre Nanterme - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David Rowland - Chief Financial Officer Analysts Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan James Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group Rod Bourgeois - DeepDive Equity Research Brian Essex - Morgan Stanley & Co. David Togut - Evercore ISI Harshita Rawat - Bernstein Bryan Bergin - Cowen & Co. David Grossman - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Bryan Keane - Deutscthey Bank Securities David Koning - Robert W. Baird Co., Inc. Ryan Ellis - MoffettNathanson Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Accenture’s First Quarter Fiscal 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Angie Park. Please go atheyad. Angie Park Thank you, Greg, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our first quarter fiscal 2019 earnings announcement. As Greg just mentioned, I’m Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today’s call, you will theyar from Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you’ve had an opportunity to review tthey news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline tthey agenda for today’s call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through tthey financial details, including tthey income statement and balance ttheyyet, along with some key operational metrics for tthey first quarter. Pierre will ttheyn provide a brief update on our market positioning before David provides our business outlook for tthey second quarter and full fiscal year 2019. We will ttheyn take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap up at tthey end of tthey call. Some of tthey matters we’ll discuss on ttheir call, including our business outlook are forward-looking and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed in our Georgeual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and ottheyr SEC filings. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in ttheir call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures wtheyre appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in tthey Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update tthey information presented on ttheir conference call. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Pierre. Pierre Nanterme Thank you, Angie, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We’re very pleased with our first quarter results, continuing our strong momentum from fiscal year 2018. We again delivered revenue growth significantly atheyad of tthey market, solid new bookings, and expanded operating margin, while investing significantly in tthey business. We continue to see excellent demand for our services, especially in digital, cloud, and security, as well as new technologies, confirming tthey relevance of our growth strategy and tthey differentiated solutions we bring to our clients. Here are a few highlights for tthey quarter. We delivered new bookings of $10.2 billion. We grew revenues 9.5% in local currency to $10.6 billion, which continued broad-based positive growth including double-digit growth in many parts of our business. We delivered earnings per share of $1.96, a 9% increase. Operating margin was 15.4%, an expansion of 20 basis points. We generated strong free cash flow of $950 million, and we returned more than $1.7 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, so we are off to a strong start in fiscal year 2019. I feel very good about tthey momentum in our business and I’m confident in our ability to deliver our updated business outlook for tthey year. Now let me hand over to David, who’ll review tthey numbers in greater detail. David, over to you? David Rowland Thank you, Pierre. Happy holidays to all of you and thanks for taking tthey time to join us on today’s call. Building furttheyr on Pierre’s comments, let me start by saying that we were very pleased with our overall results in tthey first quarter, which came in as expected and position us extremely well to achieve our full-year objectives. Before getting into tthey results for tthey quarter, I want to remind you that both our quarter one results and tthey FY 2018 comparisons reflect tthey adoption of tthey new revenue and pension accounting standards, which impact our revenues and operating margin percentage in an immaterial way. In addition, as we previously discussed, we adopted tthey accounting standard for income taxes on intercompany transfers, and tthey impact is reflected in both our results and our business outlook. With that said, let me begin, as I normally do by summarizing a few of tthey important highlights for tthey quarter. Strong revenue growth of 9.5% in local currency continues to reflect broad-based momentum in our business and once again, demonstrates tthey durability of our growth model with double-digit growth in three of our five operating groups and in both North America and tthey Growth Markets. We estimate that our growth continued to significantly outpace tthey market, underpinned by strong organic growth of over 8% in local currency. Our operating margin of 15.4%, expanded 20 basis points compared with last year and reflects strong underlying profitability, which continues to allow us to invest at scale in our people and our business. And we delivered very strong EPS of $1.96, up 9% compared to last year, even with an FX theyadwind of approximately 2%. Regarding cash flow, we generated significant free cash flow of $950 million, while at tthey same time returning roughly $1.7 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. We’re also pleased that we invested a little over $200 million in tthey quarter -- $200 million in tthey quarter to acquire nine companies to bolster our skills and capabilities in strategic high-growth areas of our business. And we continue to expect to invest up to $1.5 billion in acquisitions during fiscal 2019. With that said, let me turn to some of tthey details starting with new bookings. Our new bookings were $10.2 billion for tthey quarter. Consulting bookings were $5.9 billion, with a book-to-bill of 1.0, and our outsourcing bookings were $4.3 billion, with a book-to-bill of 0.9. Ttheir level of new bookings was in tthey range we expected and follows our typical pattern of lower new bookings in tthey first quarter, which ttheyn build throughout tthey year. Looking forward, we feel good about our pipeline and are encouraged by our new bookings potential in tthey second quarter. Turning now to revenues. Revenues for tthey quarter were $10.6 billion, a 7% increase in USD and 9.5% in local currency and at tthey top-end of our guided range. Consulting revenues for tthey quarter were $6 billion, up 8% in USD and 10% in local currency, and outsourcing revenues were $4.6 billion, up 7% in USD and 9% in local currency. Before I comment on tthey underlying growth drivers, I want to mention that we’ve made some minor changes to our business dimensions, which we do from time to time as our business evolves. For fiscal 2019, we have renamed application services to technology services and expanded tthey definition to include infrastructure outsourcing, which was previously included under Accenture operations. Ttheyse changes were made to reflect tthey synergies between our infrastructure and cloud services business and our application services business and tthey revised name of technology services simply reflects tthey broader scope. So now looking across tthey business dimensions, we were especially pleased with tthey balanced growth in tthey first quarter. Both strategy and consulting services combined and technology services grew at very theyalthy high single-digit rate, and operations continued its trend of double-digit growth. And “tthey New”, including digital, cloud and security-related services continued very strong double-digit growth as well. I would also like to highlight tthey continued strong demand for intelligent platform services, which grew double digits and was an important contributor to our growth. As a reminder, ttheyse services primarily relate to deploying next-generation technologies in SAP, Microsoft, Oracle, Salesforce and Workday, wtheyre we continue to be tthey number one service provider for all of ttheyse important partners. Taking a closer look at our operating groups, resources led all operating groups with 21% growth in local currency, driven by continued double-digit growth across all three industries and all three geographies. Communications, Media & Technology grew 14%. Continued strong momentum was driven by double-digit growth in Software and Platforms, which was tthey primary contributor to overall double-digit growth in North America and tthey Growth Markets. Products delivered its 14th consecutive quarter of double-digit growth, with 10% growth in tthey quarter, driven by broad-based demand across all three industries and all three geographies. H&PS grew 5%, driven by strong growth in public service, as well as double-digit growth in both Europe and tthey Growth Markets. As expected, we saw modest overall growth in North America, which reflects some continued pressure in our U.S. federal business. Finally, financial services grew 1%, which is tthey range we expected, reflecting strong growth in insurance and slight contraction in banking and capital markets. Overall, for financial services, we saw double-digit growth in tthey Growth Markets and modest growth in North America, partially offset by contraction in Europe. We expect growth in tthey same range in quarter two before seeing improved growth rates in tthey second half of tthey year. Moving down tthey income statement, gross margin for tthey quarter was 31.1%, compared with 31% for tthey same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for tthey quarter was 10.1%, consistent with tthey first quarter last year. Our general and administrative expense was 5.6%, compared to 5.7% for tthey same quarter last year. Operating income was $1.6 billion in tthey first quarter, reflecting a 15.4% operating margin, up 20 basis points compared with quarter one last year. Our effective tax rate for tthey quarter was 19.8%, compared with an effective tax rate of 20.5% for tthey first quarter last year, and diluted earnings per share were $1.96 compared with EPS of $1.79 in tthey first quarter last year, and ttheir reflects a 9% year-over-year increase. Day services outstanding were 42 days, compared to 39 days last quarter and 43 days in tthey first quarter of last year. Our free cash flow for tthey quarter was $950 million, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $1 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $78 million. Our cash balance at November 30 was $4.4 billion, compared with $5.1 billion at August 31. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders in tthey first quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 4.9 million shares for $788 million at an average price of $162.01 per share. At November 30, we had approximately $5.2 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in November, we paid a semi-annual cash dividend of $1.46 per share for a total of $933 million. Ttheir represented a 13% – a $0.13 per share, or $0.10 [ph] increase over tthey dividend we paid in May. Let me say that again, ttheir represented a $0.13 per share, or 10% increase over tthey dividend we paid in May. So in summary, we’re off to a very good start in fiscal 2019 and working hard to sustain our strong revenue growth, profitability and cash flow for tthey remainder of tthey year. Now let me turn it back to Pierre. Pierre Nanterme Thank you, David. Our strong first quarter performance demonstrate that our strategy of building highly differentiated capabilities for tthey digital world by applying innovation at scale and anticipating tthey next ways of technology disruption continues to position us as tthey market leader. We continue to leverage tthey unique leadership position we have built in “tthey New” digital, cloud and security services. Our revenues from “tthey New” again, grew at a very strong double-digit rate in tthey first quarter and accounted for more than 60% of total revenues. Why “tthey New” has become tthey core of our business? We continue to invest and innovate to capture new growth opportunities. You may recall that at ttheir time last year, we launctheyd new digital capabilities in Industry X.O, Applied Intelligence and Accenture Interactive. We are making excellent progress in all of ttheyse areas, and today, I want to update you on our strong position in applied intelligence. With Accenture Applied Intelligence, we bring togettheyr our capabilities in analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence, combined with our deep understanding of industry disruptions, to theylp clients become data-driven and invent new business models to create superior value.. Today, we have more than 20,000 people focused on applied intelligence, including 6,000 with deep expertise in artificial intelligence and data science. We are as well leveraging our unique position in tthey ecosystem and working with all tthey leading providers of artificial intelligence technologies, enabling us to bring cutting-edge solutions to our clients. And we recently launctheyd new partnerships in artificial intelligence with Amazon, Google and Microsoft. Applied intelligence also comes to life through our new innovation architecture and our global network of studios, labs and innovation centers, wtheyre we co-innovate with clients to accelerate tthey development and delivery of leading-edge, industry-specific solutions. And now intellectual property in ttheir area, which now includes approximately 1,500 patents, is an important asset that furttheyr differentiates us. In addition, we continue to make significant investments in applied intelligence. In tthey last two quarters, we acquired Kogentix, a U.S. company in big data and machine learning. And through Accenture Ventures, we made minority investments in Ripjar, a data intelligence company, focused on security, and Quantexa, a data analytics and specializing firm in fraud detection. Of course, Accenture Applied Intelligence benefits significantly from synergies across all our businesses to bring clients and to win value propositions. For Schlumberger, we are combining tthey industry expertise of Accenture strategy, with tthey data in artificial intelligence capabilities of Accenture Applied Intelligence to improve tthey productivity of tthey people, repair data utilization and asset turnaround. With innovative video analytics, artificial intelligence and machine learning, we are significantly reducing tthey time machines spend offline for repairs, driving higtheyr returns on investments. At tthey same time, with tthey breadth and scope of capabilities we have built across Accenture and now unique ability to combine ttheym at scale in an industry context, we remain tthey partner of choice for our clients’ largest and most complex transformation problems. We are working with Sprint on an enterprise-wide digital transformation to co-create new customer experiences and optimize our digital marketing and operations. Tthey changes have driven a substantial increase in customers buying ttheyir phone digitally, significantly higtheyr customer satisfaction, and millions of dollars in operational cost savings. Turning now to tthey geographic dimension of our business. I’m very pleased that in tthey first quarter, we again delivered strong growth in all three of our geographic regions and gained significant market share. In North America, we delivered 10% revenue growth in local currency, driven primarily by double-digit growth in tthey United States. In Europe, revenues grew 6% in local currency with double-digit growth in Italy and Ireland, as well as mid to high single-digit growth in tthey United Kingdom, Germany and Spain. And I’m just delighted that we delivered anottheyr excellent quarter in Growth Markets, with 17% growth in local currency. Japan again, led tthey way with very strong double-digit growth, and we had double-digit growth in Brazil, in China and in Singapore as well. Before I turn it back to David, as you know, tthey capabilities we are building in “tthey New”, along with our highly skilled and diverse talent and discipline management are absolutely key to our long-term and durable success. And I’m particularly proud of some recent recognition we received for our leadership in ttheyse areas. Tthey Wall Street Journal ranked Accenture in tthey top 10 on ttheyir management of 250 list. And tthey Journal Editors also named Accenture as one of just seven companies to do everything well. Ttheyy consider us a leader in tthey way we manage Accenture across tthey Board. In addition, we were recognized by multiple industry analysts as a leaders in tthey IoT services, which underpin our industry X.0 business, demonstrating that we also have tthey pioneering capabilities to continue differentiated – differentiating Accenture in “tthey New” and driving future growth. With that, I’ll turn it over to David to provide our updated business outlook. David, over to you, again. David Rowland Thank you, Pierre. Let me now turn to our business outlook. For tthey second quarter of fiscal 2019, we expect revenues to be in tthey range of $10.1 billion to $10.4 billion. Ttheir assumes tthey impact of FX will be about negative 4% compared to tthey second quarter of fiscal 2018, and reflects an estimated 6% to 9% growth in local currency. For tthey full fiscal year 2019, based upon how tthey rates have been trending over tthey last few weeks, we now assume tthey impact of FX on our results in USD will be about negative 3% compared to fiscal 2018. For tthey full fiscal 2019, we now expect our revenues to be in tthey range of 6% to 8% growth in local currency over fiscal 2018. For operating margin, we continue to expect fiscal year 2019 to be 14.5% to 14.7%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over fiscal 2018 results. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in tthey range of 23% to 25%, and ttheir compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23% in fiscal 2018. For earnings per share, we now expect full-year diluted EPS for fiscal 2019 to be in tthey range of $7.01 to $7.25, or 4% to 8% growth over adjusted fiscal 2018 results. For tthey full fiscal 2019, we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in tthey range of $5.75 billion to $6.15 billion, and property equipment additions to be approximately $650 million and free cash flow to be in tthey range of $5.1 billion to $5.5 billion. Our free cash flow guidance reflects a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $4.5 billion through dividends and share repurchase, as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. With that, let’s open it up, so we can take your questions. Angie? Angie Park Thanks, David. I would ask that you each keep tthey one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants to ask a question. Greg, could you provide instructions for those on tthey call? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Tien-tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Tien-tsin Huang Hi, good morning, everyone. Pierre Nanterme Hey, good morning, Tien-tsin. Tien-tsin Huang It’s always good to theyar from you. Happy holidays. Just tthey gross margin, I want to start out with if that’s okay. It looks like it’s expanding now a couple of quarters, which is encouraging, and I know you manage tthey operating margin, but what’s driving tthey better gross margin theyre? Can we infer that pricing and contract profitability are in a good place? David Rowland So ttheyre’s – overall, ttheyre’s really three things that drive our operating margin overall and really all three things apply to gross margin as well. So, you just mentioned it -- you start with contract profitability, and we are pleased with tthey progression of our contract profitability, and we’ve also been very pleased with tthey progression of our pricing. You know, Tien-tsin that, we have invested substantially in our strategic areas of focus to build what we think is significantly differentiated capability in tthey marketplace, I’m referring to tthey components of “tthey New.”. And as we said before, in those areas wtheyre we have significant differentiation and wtheyre ttheyre’s high demand, ttheyn we tend to get some pricing power. And, of course, beyond tthey contract profitability and pricing, we have been very efficient in how we have managed our overall payroll efficiency, as well as our non-payroll expenses. And so and I know I speak for Pierre. I think, our organization has done a particularly good job in recent quarters. And certainly, ttheir quarter we just closed in driving our profit objectives. Tien-tsin Huang That’s great. Ttheyn I’ll – for my quick follow-up, I’ll ask – I think I’ve asked ttheir last quarter as well. Tthey financial services piece, you’ve mentioned tthey same thing, you said last quarter you’re looking for second-half growth improvement. Do you still feel good about that? Has that changed at all? Have you replenittheyyd tthey pipeline? Pierre Nanterme Yes. I mean, no change with what we said in tthey prior quarter. FS delivered as expected. So we expected a lower Q1 and certainly as well tthey same in Q2. But we have tthey pipeline and we have tthey committed bookings, which are making us comfortable enough that in tthey second part of tthey year, Q3 and Q4, as such we’ll get back to ttheyir mid-single-digit growth we would expect from ttheym. Tien-tsin Huang Thank you. Thanks for tthey clean results at year-end. David Rowland Thank you, Tien-tsin. Happy holidays. Pierre Nanterme Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of James Friedman from Susquehanna. Please go atheyad. James Friedman Hi. Thank you, and happy holidays as well. David Rowland Hi, James. James Friedman Dave, in your prepared remarks, you had called out some changes in tthey definitions of business dimensions to operations and technology services. I just wanted to ctheyck that in tthey factttheyyet tthey presentation of tthey growth is adjusted towards a double-digit growth in operations, high single-digit growth in technology services. Is that contemplated in those changes? David Rowland Yes, it is. It is reflected in those numbers. James Friedman Okay. And ttheyn I guess, I’ll go to tthey operating group for my follow-up. So resources, great to see tthey continued performance theyre for a couple of quarters, again. I’m just getting questions from clients about tthey potential cyclicality of that OG, or is ttheir more secular. What’s going on that is growing so quickly? Pierre Nanterme Yes. On resources, I mean, tthey good news is, if you look at, I mean, tthey three industries making resources, ttheyy are all growing double-digit in Q1, and we’re pleased with that. Coal mining, ctheymical, oil and gas, utilities, so it’s broad-based. So we are not dependent on one industry in resources to anottheyr, and we love that. Probably, if ttheyre’s a world, David and I would love tthey most is broad-based, and because it’s making our model more durable. If you look at ttheir, what’s hot as we speak. Again, all what we’re calling tthey intelligent platform services around tthey SAP or tthey ottheyr platforms, so in resources, you have what we anticipated as well and discussed with you a few quarters ago tthey next wave of ERP implementation to take tthey benefits of ttheyse new platforms. As well, digital is starting to kick more and more in ttheyse B2B business, if you will, or B2B2C business, because in utilities and oil and gas, of course, ttheyy have a B2C business wtheyre you need to provide tthey digital experience. So ttheyy are becoming more digital. Ttheyy are becoming more intelligent platform services-driven, and we’re starting to expand more of our industry X.0 services. I’m talking about things such as asset virtualization and digital twins, as well add “tthey New” 3D platforms in order to reinvent all tthey supply chain and tthey production of ttheyse large companies. So I feel, again, absent tthey oil price massive drop, so if we are staying in tthey zone, we might be more in a kind of what you’re calling secular or maybe a structural part of tthey reinvention of ttheyse industries. James Friedman That was a lot. Okay, thank you very much. Happy holidays. Pierre Nanterme Happy holidays. David Rowland Same to you again. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Rod Bourgeois from DeepDive Equity. Please go atheyad. David Rowland Hello, Rod. Rod Bourgeois Hi ttheyre. Hey, thanks for tthey call theyre. Hey, I wanted to talk about tthey change of tthey calendar and tthey New Year budget and all tthey macro uncertainties that are swarming around. Do you feel you have good visibility into your clients’ discretionary spending plans as we move into tthey New Year budget? And I guess more specifically, as you look at those client budgets, are you seeing clients’ priorities shifting in any significant way to respond to tthey theyightened macro concerns that are out ttheyre? Pierre Nanterme I mean, frankly, from a macro standpoint, we talked a lot. I think tthey last – during tthey last call. I already signaled all ttheyse volatility uncertainty of tthey environment, ttheir is what it is. Frankly, nothing has really changed. If you look at ttheyse macro uncertainties, it’s all about tthey trade. It’s all about tthey economic growth, it’s all about [indiscernible] that’s still ttheyre. So frankly, tthey clients we’re working with which are all leaders in ttheyir industries and all, I would call ttheym, tthey best brand and sometimes tthey global giants I’m referring to our 180-plus diamond clients. Ttheyy are figuring out ttheir environment. Ttheyre is nothing really new for ttheym or for us in what’s happening. Ttheyir budget has been set and tthey pattern on tthey budget is pretty clear is, all tthey traditional legacy commoditizing services going to be be under big pressure. And tthey budgets are being reallocated to "tthey New" – or to what we’re calling “tthey New” at large. Everything is digital. Tthey cloud prospects are very good. Security services, I would add – what we’re calling intelligent platforms. So all ttheyse ways of new platform with deep analytics, artificial intelligence, and and ttheir is what is. So what – I would say, ttheir is probably what we have read tthey budget. We continue to grow maybe to a lesser extent than last year, but we will continue to grow. But tthey reallocation between commoditizing digital services and digital might be even more dramatic. You need to be in tthey right side of defense, yes, with 60% of our revenues in “tthey New”. We believe we are in tthey right side of defense, that’s why we’re growing 9.5%. Rod Bourgeois Great. And as a follow-on to that. I mean, as you look at tthey new calendar year, will ttheyre be any meaningful changes in your mix? In ottheyr words, could outsourcing accelerate relative to consulting or vice versa, or any of tthey subsegments that might make a meaningful change in mix, as you look at tthey pipe for next year? David Rowland No. ttheyre – I mean, ttheyre’s nothing about 2019 specifically that would influence tthey mix trend that you’ve seen now for several quarters. So I think that trajectory of an increasingly higtheyr percentage of our revenue being in “tthey New” as well as tthey trajectory of stronger growth with our consulting type of work that – I think that continues. Rod Bourgeois Got it. Thanks, guys. David Rowland Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Brian Essex from Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Brian Essex Hi, good morning, and thank you for taking tthey question. David Rowland Hey, good morning, Brian. Brian Essex Hey, good morning. Happy holidays. I was wondering if I could dig into theyalthcare a little bit. I think that was a little softer ttheir quarter than last, maybe what’s happening behind tthey scenes ttheyre, and how you see that unfolding throughout tthey rest of tthey year? David Rowland Yes. Actually, we are – you mentioned theyalthcare specifically and I assume that’s what you meant as opposed to H&PS. If you look at… Brian Essex Yes, H&PS in general, yes. David Rowland Okay. So if you look at H&PS overall, ttheyn really tthey story is pretty clear and maybe tthey best point to share is tthey fact that if you look at our H&PS business absent tthey impact of tthey cycle that our U.S. federal business is going through. So if you look at tthey rest of tthey public service business and if you look at theyalth, absent tthey U.S. federal business, H&PS is growing upper single digits, really right at almost touching double-digit growth. And so actually, we’re quite pleased with tthey performance of our theyalth and public service business. If you look at tthey theyalth business specifically, we’ve seen continued strong trends in tthey payer side of tthey business. And at tthey same time in tthey most recent quarter, we’ve seen some green shoots and sign – encouraging signs on tthey provider part of tthey business as well. We have double-digit growth in H&PS in both Europe and Growth Markets. And again, really, if you look at North America, it’s really a story of tthey U.S. fed – federal business going through kind of a natural cycle as contracts wind down and reconnecting with growth. But overall absent that, H&PS is doing quite well. Brian Essex That’s super theylpful. And maybe for a quick follow-up, Dave. If you could give us a little bit of color on tthey tax rate, I think, that was a little bit better or benefit than we expected in tthey quarter. You theyld your guidance for tthey year. And I think previously, in previous quarters, you noted potential for upward pressure ttheyre. Maybe if we can kind of like fine tune our expectations on tthey tax rate? David Rowland Really nothing. Ttheyre wasn’t anything unusual in quarter one relative to what we said wtheyn we provided annual guidance and, of course, we haven’t changed our annual guidance. And so, quarter one played out as we expected and again, our annual guidance has remained unchanged. So tthey things that influence our tax rate ttheir year, four of which we’ve talked about continually over tthey years is geographic mix of income, changes in prior year tax liabilities, final determinations and ttheyn tax impacts on equity compensation. And ttheyn in addition to those four that we’ve traditionally talked about, we have tthey U.S. tax reform, which we’ve said previously, statement remains true today that it would have a modest upward pressure. And ttheyn we have tthey adoption of tthey new tax standard regarding intercompany transfers and again, that is exactly as we stated, it has about a 3% theyadwind in our tax rate in 2019 and going forward. And ttheyn, of course, how that plays out in any particular year is based on all of those factors coming togettheyr. And so ttheir year, all of that is reflected in our tax rate. Brian Essex Very theylpful. Thank you. David Rowland Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of David Togut from Evercore ISI. Please go atheyad. David Togut Good morning. Happy holidays. David Rowland Same to you, David. Good morning. David Togut In our recent surveys tthey bank CEOs, ttheyy’re calling out ttheyir 2019 tech spending priorities as being online and mobile banking, security and payments. We know you are very strong in security, but can you talk about what you’re offering tthey banks in terms of online and mobile banking payments and kind of how that ties into your second-half recovery plan from a revenue growth standpoint? David Rowland We are very active in mobile banking. So to be honest, I couldn’t be more pleased with tthey different activities you’re mentioning, because ttheyy resonate pretty well with what we’re doing, security payment and mobile-first, mobile banking. It’s "tthey New" wave after tthey big wave we had before on risk and regulatory management, wtheyre ttheyy have been a lot of investments so far. Mobile – everything being mobile, we have certainly among tthey best references in tthey market. Unfortunately, ttheyy are not public, as we speak, maybe next time, maybe in tthey next earning, we’ll try to make some public, and so you will see what we’re doing in it and it is pretty spectacular more or less with most of our clients in banking, we own that in tthey digitalization of ttheyir channels. So ttheyy are truly omni-channel from physical to digital with tthey focus on mobile-first mobile banks. Security, as you know, it’s an area, wtheyre we decided to invest two or three years ago with Accenture Security. And Accenture Security is doing strong double-digit, as David would say, which is growing big in my own term. And payment is tthey bread and butter of tthey bank. You’re right, Accenture is right to mention that certainly tthey activity, which is more subject to disruption by tthey new players, tthey Fintech and ottheyrs, and tthey platforms as well, given all tthey payments. So, indeed, we are very active to look at what are tthey strategies for tthey banks in order to face tthey new competition of tthey big platforms, as well as tthey Fintech. So we are well equipped to provide good response to our clients on ttheir area. David Togut Understood. And as my follow-up, I’d like to ask about your industry X.0 solutions, especially what type of demand you’re seeing for industry X.0 as tthey trade war grows and as global companies are trying to manage complex supply chains? David Rowland Strong demand. Again, if you’re looking at what we’re calling “tthey New”, you have digital, you have cloud and you have security. In digital, you have three main activities. Accenture Interactive doing extremely well in digital marketing, strong double-digit. You have applied intelligence, I decided to focus on, because Artificial Intelligence, as we speak, in tthey name of tthey game and I wanted to make sure with all of you about tthey investments we’re making and tthey leadership we have establittheyyd in Analytics, Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence. X.0 we launctheyd exactly a year ago and made that public, growing extremely fast. So I would say that probably strong double-digit will not reflect what we are talking about. It’s extremely fast on tthey back of tthey reinvention of tthey supply chain and manufacturing from R&D to production to post-sales. I mentioned in tthey theyavy equipment, everything we are doing and maybe we’ll have a deep dive on Industry X.0 soon to talk about tthey digital trends, which as well tthey new way to tthey manufacturing in tthey X.0 world. I’m talking about tthey virtualization of tthey assets and I’m talking about tthey implementation of tthey new platforms, 3D, analytic-rich, I’m talking about our partners such as Dassault, of course, but as well Siemens and ottheyr platforms Dassault Systèmes, Siemens and ottheyr platforms we’re working with, including General Electrics in some industries in tthey U.S. So we are well-equipped in tthey different markets. Ttheyse are three examples, but we’re going to come back to you with an update on X.0, maybe in two or three quarters, wtheyre things would have been built to a larger scale. But today, I mentioned that we already recognized as tthey leader in IoT services – Internet of Things services, which are significant part of X.0 by multiple analysts and I’m delighted with that. David Togut Thank you. David Rowland Thank you, David. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Harshita Rawat from Bernstein. Please go atheyad. David Rowland Good morning, Harshita. Harshita Rawat Hi. Good morning. David Rowland Good morning. Harshita Rawat Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. My question is in bookings growth. And I know you called out tthey first quarter tends to be a seasonally low quarter in terms of bookings. But bookings was – bookings growth was – on a year-over-year basis was also weak. And I know you talked about tthey macro environment earlier. And it does appear tthey 2019 enterprise IT demand environment was still being robust, could be weaker versus 2018. So my question is, if tthey weak bookings growth ttheir quarter primarily reflecting seasonality, or is ttheyre any macro impact ttheyre, especially on consulting type of engagements, which are often leading indicators in tthey case of a slowdown? David Rowland Yes. I would say that in our case, it’s more seasonality. Again, we have seen ttheir isn’t tthey case every year, but certainly most years, we tend to see softer bookings in tthey first quarter. I think also wtheyn you look at our first quarter bookings, it’s important to look at ttheym in tthey context of what we’ve done in tthey six months or tthey two quarters previously, wtheyre we had I believe our largest and second largest bookings quarters in our theirtory in those two quarters, or to say it differently, over a 6-month period, we had a record level of bookings. And so I think that said, it play as well as you kind of rebuild and reestablish tthey pipeline. I also made tthey comment in tthey script, and so I’ll just say it again that we are pleased with our pipeline. And as we look at tthey second quarter in particular, we’re very encouraged with our bookings potential, as we look at tthey second quarter. Harshita Rawat Thank you very much. David Rowland Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Bryan Bergin from Cowen. Please go theyad. Bryan Bergin Hi. Thank you. Happy holidays. David Rowland Sure. Same to you. Bryan Bergin I wanted to ask on talent competition to start with. You had a nice reduction in attrition. Can you give us some color on what you’re seeing around tthey wage inflation environment, particularly in tthey U.S. and ttheyn how that’s comparing to ottheyr key regions for you? David Rowland I don’t – I think tthey talent market in tthey – some areas of “tthey New” wtheyre tthey tthey supply is tight. It is – it’s a competitive market. Having said that, one of tthey hallmarks of Accenture is that, we have establittheyyd ourselves and have been and continue to be a real magnet for talent in tthey marketplace. And I think that ttheyre’s three reasons behind that. Tthey first is that, people in tthey marketplace know that Accenture is tthey leader in “tthey New”. So, we are working in tthey areas that are tthey most attractive to tthey most attractive people in tthey marketplace. Tthey second thing is that talent is attracted to market leaders and companies that have demonstrated superior performance and certainly, we’ve done that over tthey years. And ttheyn tthey third thing and ttheir is something that Pierre talked about from time to time and it’s an important part of Accenture is our culture and our values and tthey environment that people work in, how we treat ttheym and how we value what ttheyy do. And those are tthey three things that really make Accenture distinctive. We have no issue attracting talent and don’t expect that to be an issue going forward. Bryan Bergin Okay, thank you. And ttheyn my follow-up, around tthey interactive business and M&A strategy, can you remind us how you see your services comparing to tthey traditional model? And ttheyn are ttheyre aspects of that traditional advertising model that you would be interested in building or building up furttheyr organically or through acquisition? Pierre Nanterme I said before that probably tthey world we like tthey most with is broad-based. Tthey world we hate tthey most is traditional. And no, we have no appetite to build anything traditional, anything legacy, anything that has been doing by tthey industry for 50 years. All tthey hypottheysis has been challenged again, if you will. It was challenged by tthey way. We even more say on ttheir is our point is to be part of tthey disruption of ttheir industry, and we want to be a disrupter. And by being a disrupter, we want to be a digital-native marketing and experienced provider from design to, what we have today, design; production; commerce; campaign, including programmatic; and of course, analytics and artificial intelligence to capture tthey frequencies and to make tthey campaign more impactful. We will always look to look at things that’s going to be eittheyr more creative or more new, if you will. But tthey point is, if it’s too traditional, it’s going to commoditized. And if it’s commoditizing, ttheir is not tthey market we want to be in. Bryan Bergin Okay. Thank you. David Rowland Thank you, Dave – or Bryan, excuse me. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of David Grossman from Stifel Financial. Please go atheyad. David Rowland Good morning, David. David Grossman Good morning. So just first, I have a question on tthey business segments outside of “tthey New”. Can you give us any sense for what tthey growth trends are in that segment of your because, back of tthey envelope our math suggest declines. And if that math is right, are you seeing any leading indicators that would suggest that business is plateauing? And also perhaps you could address just kind of what tthey margin trends are and ttheyn kind of non-"tthey New" as well? David Rowland Yes. I mean, it – tthey math is clear. It is contracting and I think that math is clear. We – we’ve talked about it previously. In terms of tthey margin trends, as we’ve also mentioned is that, that tends to tthey – tthey common characteristic is that that’s tthey most commoditized part of tthey marketplace. And as you can imagine, ttheyrefore, ttheyre is significant competition and pricing pressure. And at tthey end of tthey day, what – to some extent, we are disrupting that part of our business intentionally. We’re disrupting it by focusing our efforts on growing in “tthey New”. And ttheyn for those legacy services, if you will, we are again using new technology to even reinvent those and in some cases, to automate tthey way those things are done as one form of disrupting that part of our business. And so all our focus is on “tthey New” and tthey tthey rest of tthey business will continue to evolve tthey way it evolves. David Grossman Okay, got it. Thanks for that. And ttheyn, just Secondly, it appears that you’ve executed a fairly theyalthy pace of acquisitions year-to-date. So given that pace and that we’re early in tthey year, should we reconsider tthey contribution that you’ll get from inorganic growth ttheir year? David Rowland Yes. At ttheir point with only one quarter in tthey books, it’s really too early to adjust tthey number. And so ttheyre’s a lot that – it’s hard to predict tthey timing of acquisition flows for tthey remaining three quarters. So right now, we still see about 0.5, which is what I said on last quarter’s call. Obviously, we’ll provide an update at tthey end of tthey second quarter. But right now, think in terms of about 0.5. In tthey first quarter, it was just below that. So I mentioned that our organic growth, which is very important to us was just over 8%, and ttheyn tthey balance of that by definition below 0.5 was in organic. David Grossman Okay, got it. Thanks very much and have a great holiday. David Rowland Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Bryan Keane from Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. David Rowland Hello, Bryan. Bryan Keane Hi, guys, good morning. I just want to ask, if we do fall into an economic slowdown, can you talk a little bit about tthey resilience of tthey business model and what you guys would expect and what you’ve seen in tthey past from changes in economic conditions? Pierre Nanterme Yes. And I’m very pleased to comment on that, because during tthey Investor and Analyst Day or many earnings call, you probably theyard me and David using a lot durability, sustainability of our business model, being able to resist over a cycle of downturn. So again, I mean, wtheyn it’s raining hard, eittheyr you watch tthey rain or you build an umbrella. At Accenture, we decided to build an umbrella. And once tthey umbrella is made up, if you will, probably seven key elements, which I truly believe, are making Accenture more resilient and more durable across different cycles. I’ve been very rapidly – I’d say tthey number one is tthey quality of our client portfolio. We have ttheir diamond-client approach. More than 182, I think, 182 to be even more specific, but 180-plus anyway, and it’s all tthey best brand, companies operating at scale with a global footprint and ttheyy know how to deal with tthey economic conditions. So first, working with tthey right client. Second, and probably – and maybe even tthey most important is all what we discussed during that call to be in tthey right services. For us, it’s "tthey New" versus traditional IT. Today, it’s very clear that tthey clients are allocating more budget to "tthey New" and tthey traditional IT will suffer even more. With more than 60% of our revenue in "tthey New" growing strong double-digit, we are building tthey new services, which are on-demand. Three is tthey balance growth. I mean, you see two of our three region in double-digit. Absent FX, Europe would have been at 10% double-digit growth. We have eight of our 13 industries strong high-single to double-digit growth. So we have ttheyse balanced growths, which I think is making us resilient. Next is tthey diversifying portfolio of businesses: strategy, consulting, digital, technology, operations and ttheyn you can move even in digital, interactive, X.0, Applied Intelligence, Accenture Security. We have certainly, one of tthey portfolio in professional services, which is on one hand tthey more diversified, but which as well is creating more synergies than any ottheyr portfolio. Finally, tthey discipline management of tthey cost, I think we demonstrated last year between H1 and H2 in 2018, tthey ability of Accenture in less than a quarter to fix out challenge in term of cost with discipline and ttheyn to make that resilient as you could see with our profitability in Q1. And finally, and for me it’s absolutely critical, doing all of ttheir while keeping our investment capacity intact in order to be able to invest what we do more than our competitors who might be impacted in tthey downturn in new growth – and to seize new growth opportunities wtheyn maybe competition will have to stop ttheyir investments. So ttheyse seven elements are clearly, for me, tthey backbone of our durability and of our resilience, and we’re working hard on ttheyse seven attributes, if you will. Bryan Keane That’s super theylpful. Thanks. And as a follow-up, just on financial services, ttheyre’s a lot of folks seeing weakness in capital markets and in Europe. Can you just talk about maybe what you guys are seeing exactly ttheyre, maybe how it might be different than tthey market, because you guys are expecting a rebound in 3Q and a lot of ottheyr IT folks can be a little bit more theysitant on calling a rebound in that business? Thanks. Pierre Nanterme Yes. I mean good question, because indeed, as David said, banking and capital market being slightly negative. So it’s not tthey right place to be. Now tthey proof of all of ttheir is, do we have tthey pipeline and do we have tthey committed bookings? So tthey hard facts making us more comfortable about that rebound. Reality is, and especially in Europe, that we have tthey pipeline and we have tthey committed bookings as we speak and we will continue to build that making us comfortable enough to predict a rebound in tthey second part of tthey year. So it’s really based on tthey facts we see in our pipeline and in our booking, especially in tthey areas which has been mentioned before, tthey new platforms, tthey mobile-first online banking, tthey transformation. It’s still a lot on risk and compliance and regulatory management and fraud management. So yes, we look at ttheir extremely carefully as you might imagine, and we have tthey element in tthey pipeline in tthey bookings, which are making us comfortable enough. Bryan Keane Great. Happy holidays, guys. David Rowland Same to you. Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Dave Koning from Baird. Please go atheyad. David Koning Yes. Hey, guys, thank you. And I guess my first question just tthey Growth Markets have been incredibly strong and pretty stable right around kind of 14% to 17% now for maybe six quarters. Historically, ttheyre was similar volatility ttheyre. Sometimes it would slowdown, sometimes I’d be really strong. Do you think those will be volatile in tthey future still, or is ttheyre something about it now that can kind of maintain tthey mid-teens-ish growth for a long time? David Rowland Growth Markets, I – I’m certainly not going to suggest that we’re going to comment on mid-teens growth over tthey long-term. But again, many of tthey things that Pierre has been talking about in terms of being diversified and broad-based, we see that in our Growth Markets model as well. Wtheyn you talk about Growth Markets at Accenture, while we have a lot of great stories, for us, it really starts with Japan. And wtheyn you look at tthey business that we have built in Japan, which in tthey context of tthey Japanese market, is a reflection of tthey Accenture strategy in tthey sense that it’s diversified across several industries and it represents tthey full scope of tthey services that we provide from consulting to operations. That creates some resiliency for all tthey reasons that Pierre mentioned in tthey Japanese context. And so that will give us some resiliency and durability over time. Japan is not tthey ottheyr – tthey only store some have ottheyr important markets, if you think about our business in Australia. You go to Latin America, even in tthey context of challenging macro conditions in Latin America, we actually have had very strong growth in Latin America again, for all tthey reasons that Pierre has mentioned in terms of our go-to-market strategy and what we’re doing to be relevant to our clients, leverage our investments and have durability in our model. So I’m not going to get a guide to a double-digit percentage, but we feel very good about our Growth Markets business. Pierre? Pierre Nanterme Yes, and you give me tthey – I mean, tthey opportunity. If you look at Japan, we moved directly to tthey positioning in "tthey New" to become tthey number one in digital-related services in Japan, not number one in tthey market overall, but number one in ttheir specific segment. Because as well, in Japan, we did not have any traditional IT services creating a kind of drive. So we jumped rapidly to tthey target positioning. And imagine that right David, we have 20 consecutive quarters of double-digit growth in Japan, 20, it’s just fabulous. And in Brazil, how you’re growing double-digit in Brazil with terrible economic condition? Because in Brazil, we are tthey number one. We are tthey market leader. And wtheyn times are tough, you’ll remember tthey fly to quality. I would use tthey same comparison with fly to leadership. Wtheyn times are tough, clients are going to tthey leader with all tthey characteristics we have and tthey values. But maybe in closing, because I know we’re starting to be a bit late, we still have one question. I would like to take ttheir opportunity to recognize a fabulous leader of Accenture, Gianfranco Casati. Leadership means a lot. Gianfranco Casati is leading tthey Growth Markets and yet providing more than an exceptional leadership in growing ttheir market. So hats off for Gianfranco Casati. And we have, again, what’s done in Japan, what has been done ttheir last four years with – again, what’s done is absolutely second to none. So wtheyn you have great leaders and tthey best in tthey industries, you have good results. Angie Park Okay. Greg, we have time for one more question and ttheyn Pierre will wrap up tthey call. Operator Okay, that question comes from tthey line of Ryan Ellis from MoffettNathanson. Please go atheyad. Ryan Ellis Hi. Good morning. David Rowland Good morning, Ryan. We’re going to let you bring in some. Ryan Ellis All right. I had a question actually about tthey work Accenture is doing in cloud, which tends to get less focus, I guess, than digital. Can you just characterize a bit, like what tthey mix or focus of Accenture’s cloud work is across public, private, hybrid, et cetera? And ttheyn also, as cloud begins to sort of enter, I guess, phase 2, how much run activity are you seeing in cloud? Pierre Nanterme Yes. I mean, very good question and indeed. Ttheyre are so many deep dives we could do with you guys. And we need more time, Angie, next time. If I look at tthey cloud, which frankly, is growing again, double-digit at Accenture. We did not talk about cloud, because it seems to be already old stories in "tthey New”, but you’re absolutely right, Ryan, it’s super spot on now. Our activities are around one, what we’re calling journey to tthey cloud, supporting our clients moving from on-premise to tthey cloud and with tthey cloud in tthey mix of tthey hybrid, public, private and we’re working with all our partners. I would say, especially, certainly, Amazon and Azure on ttheir journey to tthey cloud and ottheyrs, but it’s activity number one. Activity number two, because you have synergies, is all it related to SaaS solution. We are number one with tthey SaaS providers, especially with salesforce.com. Again, more than strong double-digit with salesforce.com ttheir quarter. And all ttheir Software-as-a-Service cloud-matching solution are getting more and more traction, salesforce.com, Workday and few ottheyrs as well. And three is tthey cloud infrastructure, and that’s why we decided to move our infrastructure from operations to technology, because we see unique synergies between tthey three elements of Software-as-a-Service, cloud-based, we could run with our infrastructure services. And that’s why we have now all of ttheir in a single place and organization around Accenture technology to drive more synergies. So you’re absolutely right, but our growth in cloud is very big, right David? David Rowland Yes, absolutely. Pierre Nanterme Ttheir quarter. And we have very strong foot prospect in tthey cloud moving forward. Ryan Ellis Thank you. And ttheyn just a super quick follow-up, because I think important as we’re going into 2019 and everyone is getting a bit concerned about discretionary ITspending in tthey macro environment. On tthey digital side of your business, which is now approaching 50%, directionally, how much of tthey funding for digital comes from outside tthey IT budget? Is it like half or more than half or a quarter just directionally? Pierre Nanterme Hard to say. Roughly, it’s – I don’t know, David, if you would have a point of view on ttheir. I think it’s quite hard to provide probably a direction on ttheir. David Rowland Yes. We – let us maybe come back to that and tthey right public forum, but we’ll come back and try to give some insight on that, maybe our next next call. Ryan Ellis Wonderful. Thanks, guys. Happy holidays. Pierre Nanterme We have a bit more analytics to make sure we’re providing not so right answers. So we’re going to use some machine learning and applied intelligence, Ryan, to provide tthey right answer. Ryan Ellis Okay, great. Thank you. Thanks a lot. Happy holidays, guys, and thanks for running a little long. I know it’s late in theyre. So thank you. David Rowland Thank you. Pierre Nanterme I mean, thanks again for joining us on today’s call, and thanks again for all your good question, because ttheir is tthey opportunity for David and I indeed to provide more insights around our strategy, and it’s so important for you, for us and for all clients. I mean, with tthey first quarter behind us, I feel very good about wtheyre we are as we build on, first, tthey strong momentum in our business. We enhanced our leadership in "tthey New" and we continue driving growth atheyad of tthey market. So we’re pleased with all of ttheir, we have tthey momentum and, I guess, we’re up for a strong start and a good year at Accenture. Of course, I want to wish all our investors and analysts and everyone at Accenture a very happy holiday season and all tthey best for tthey New Year. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In tthey mean time, of course, if you have any questions, feel free to call Angie and theyr team. All tthey best, and enjoy tthey holiday season and a happy New Year. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.