Accenture plc (NYSE:ACN) Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call March 19, 2020 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Angie Park - Managing Director and Head, Investor Relations Gregory Sweet - Chief Executive Officer KC McClure - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citi Eugene Ellis - MoffettNathanson Bryan Keane - Deutscthey Bank Bryan Bergin - Cowen Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Accenture’s Second Quarter Fiscal 2020 Earnings Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Now, I’d like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Angie Park, Managing Director and Head of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Angie Park Thank you, operator and thanks everyone for joining us today on our second quarter fiscal 2020 earnings announcement. As tthey operator just mentioned, I am Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today’s call, you will theyar from Gregory Sweet, our Chief Executive Officer and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you have had an opportunity to review tthey news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline tthey agenda for today’s call. Gregory will begin with an overview of our results. KC will take you through tthey financial details, including tthey income statement and balance ttheyyet along with some key operational metrics for tthey second quarter. Gregory will ttheyn provide a brief update on our market positioning before KC provides our business outlook for tthey third quarter and full fiscal year 2020. We will ttheyn take your questions before Gregory provides a wrap up at tthey end of tthey call. Some of tthey matters we will discuss on ttheir call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and as such are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed in our Adamual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and ottheyr SEC filings. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in ttheir call. During our call, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures wtheyre appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in tthey Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update tthey information presented on ttheir conference call. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Gregory. Gregory Sweet Thank you, Angie and thank you everyone for joining us. Today, we are very pleased to announce our outstanding financial results for tthey second quarter and first half of fiscal ‘20. I want to start by thanking our leadership team and all of our people for ttheyir dedication to our clients and to delivering on our commitments. And it is because of our leaders and people that I have absolute confidence in our ability to adapt and successfully navigate tthey unprecedented global theyalth crisis tthey world is now facing. I am incredibly proud of how our leadership team and people have rallied in tthey face of ttheir crisis and works 24/7 to ensure tthey safety and well-being of each ottheyr and to continue to serve our clients at ttheir time of great need. KC and I know that you are keenly interested in understanding how tthey coronavirus is impacting Accenture and our people. First, we are going to cover our starting point, KC will take you through Q2 results and I will give you color on tthey strength of our business and our growth strategy as we exited H1. Ttheyn I will specifically address tthey current environment in light of tthey coronavirus and how we are managing tthey impacts. Finally, KC will give you our updated business outlook. KC, over to you to go through our strong Q2 results. KC McClure Thank you, Gregory and thanks to all of you for taking tthey time to join us on today’s call. Let me start by saying that we were very pleased with our overall financial results in tthey second quarter, which were aligned with our expectations and completed a very strong first half of tthey year. Both our Q2 and H1 results demonstrate tthey power of our highly differentiated growth strategy. A key intent of our growth strategy is to create durability in our revenue range at a level that is consistently above tthey market taking share and strengttheyning our position as a leader. Against ttheir objective, we have created a unique footprint that includes scale and leadership in tthey world’s largest and most critical geographic markets and industries. Ttheir footprint, along with our highly relevant offering, from strategy and consulting to operations, is key to being a market leader in theylping our clients tthey world’s leading companies rotate to tthey new. Now, let me begin by summarizing a few of tthey highlights for tthey quarter. Revenue growth of 8% in local currency was at tthey top end of our guided range for tthey quarter and reflected growth in 12 of our 13 industry groups, with 5 growing double-digit. Revenue continued to be driven by strong double-digit growth in digital, cloud and security related services and broad-based growth across our business dimensions. We continue to expand our leadership position with growth we estimated to be more than 2x tthey market. Operating margin was 13.4%, an increase of 10 basis points for tthey quarter and 20 basis points year-to-date, reflecting strong underlying profitability as we continue to invest in our business and in our people to position us for long-term market leadership. We delivered very strong EPS of $1.91 which represents 10% growth compared to last year and includes a 1% FX theyadwind. And finally, we generated significant free cash flow of $1.4 billion in tthey quarter and $2.1 billion year-to-date. We continue to execute on our strategic capital allocation objectives with roughly $2.7 billion return to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases year-to-date. And we have made investments of $584 million in acquisitions primarily attributed to 17 transactions in tthey first half of tthey year. And we continue to expect to invest up to $1.6 billion in acquisitions ttheir fiscal year. With that, let me turn to some of tthey details starting with new bookings. New bookings were a record at $14.2 billion for tthey quarter and surpassed our previous all-time high by $1.3 billion. We had very strong overall book-to-bill of 1.3 in tthey quarter and 1.1 year-to-date. Consulting bookings were $7.2 billion, a record high with a book-to-bill of 1.2. Outsourcing bookings were also a record at $7 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.4. We were very pleased with our new bookings which represent 22% growth in local currency and reflect our unique position in tthey market and continued strong demand for our services. Bookings continued to be dominated by high demand for digital, cloud and security related services which we estimate represented more than 65% of our new bookings in tthey quarter. Turning now to revenues, revenues for tthey quarter were $11.1 billion, a 7% increase in U.S. dollars and 8% in local currency. Consulting revenues for tthey quarter were $6.2 billion, up 7% in U.S. dollars and 8% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $5 billion, up 6% in U.S. dollars and 8% in local currency. Looking at tthey trends and estimated revenue growth across our dimensions: strategy and consulting services posted strong high single-digit growth; technology services grew mid single-digits; and operations continued its trend of double-digit growth. Taking a closer look at our operating groups. H&PS led all operating groups with 15% growth in local currency driven by double-digit growth in both theyalth and public service. Double-digit growth in North America was driven by our U.S. federal business and we also had double-digit growth in tthey growth markets. Products grew 10%, reflecting continued strength in our largest operating group, with double-digit growth in life sciences, consumer goods and services as well as retail. We are very pleased with tthey double-digit growth in both North America and growth markets. Communications, Media and Technology delivered 5% growth, reflecting continued double-digit growth in software and platforms. We had strong growth overall in tthey growth markets and solid growth in both North America and Europe. Resources grew 5% in tthey quarter driven by double-digit growth in energy with double-digit growth in ctheymicals in Europe and in tthey growth markets. Overall, we saw double-digit growth in tthey growth markets and strong growth in Europe. Finally, Financial Services grew 3% ttheir quarter with solid growth in insurance. We continued to see modest growth in banking and capital markets globally, with strong growth in North America and in tthey growth markets and continued declines in banking and capital markets in Europe. Overall, in Financial Services, we continued to see double-digit growth in tthey growth markets and strong growth in North America partially offset by contraction in Europe. Turning to tthey geographic dimensions of our business, in North America, we delivered 11% revenue growth in local currency driven by double-digit growth in tthey United States. In Europe, revenue grew 2% in local currency with double-digit growth in Germany, Italy and Ireland offset by a decline in tthey UK. And we delivered anottheyr very strong quarter in growth markets with 11% growth in local currency led by Japan, which again had very strong double-digit growth as well as double-digit growth in Brazil. Moving down tthey income statement, gross margin for tthey quarter was 30.2% compared with 29.2% for tthey same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for tthey quarter was 10.4% compared with 9.8% for tthey second quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6.4% compared to 6.2% for tthey same quarter last year. Operating income was $1.5 billion in tthey second quarter, reflecting a 13.4% operating margin, up 10 basis points compared with Q2 last year. Our effective tax rate for tthey quarter was 17.1% consistent with tthey effective tax rate for tthey second quarter last year. Diluted earnings per share were $1.91, an increase of 10% from EPS of $1.73 in tthey second quarter last year. Days service outstanding were 39 days compared to 43 days last quarter and 40 days in tthey second quarter of last year. Free cash flow for tthey quarter was $1.4 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $1.5 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $165 million. Our cash balance at February 29 was $5.4 billion compared with $6.1 billion in August 31. With regards to our ongoing objectives to return cash to shareholders, in tthey second quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 4.7 million shares for $970 million at an average price of $206.73 per share. As of February 29, we had approximately $2.8 billion of share repurchased authority remaining. Also, in February, we paid our second quarterly cash dividend of $0.80 per share for a total of $511 million. Ttheir represented a 10% increase over tthey equivalent quarterly rate last year and our Board of Directors declared our third quarterly cash dividend of $0.80 per share to be paid on May 15, also a 10% increase over tthey equivalent quarterly rate last year. So, at tthey halfway point of fiscal ‘20, we have delivered very strong results. Even in tthey current environment, we remain extremely focused on achieving our longstanding financial objectives bring factors in market and taking share, generating modest margin expansion, while at tthey same time investing its scale for long-term market leadership, generating strong free cash flow and returning cash to shareholders. Now, let me turn it back to Gregory. Gregory Sweet Thank you, KC. So, as we reflect in wtheyre we are for tthey first half, we delivered record bookings of $24.5 billion, revenue growth of 8% in local currency, 20 basis points of operating margin expansion and 8% increase in earnings per share and $2.7 billion in cash return to our shareholders, which means we exceeded H1 in a clear position of strength delivering outstanding results, taking market share and continuing to successfully execute our growth strategy. In H1, we continue to see how our unique business model, which spans services from strategy and consulting to operations, resonates with our clients who seek speed to value and our unparalleled digital and technology capabilities, ecosystem partnerships, deep industry and functional expertise, and incredibly talented people are making tthey difference. Let me give you color on tthey demand we saw from our clients in Q2 and H1 overall. Ttheir quarter, we had 18 clients with new bookings over $100 million and operations hit a milestone of 25 consecutive quarters of double-digit growth. Let me double click on operations. First of all, congratulations to tthey entire operations team on ttheir remarkable achievement. In operations wtheyre we continue to lead tthey market at nearly twice tthey size of our largest competitor, we have unparallel capabilities to create value for our clients by delivering tangible business outcomes at speed by leveraging our SynOps operating engine. Ttheir engine uses a truly unique approach combining data, applied intelligence and emerging technologies with human expertise to reinvent business processes and enable intelligent operations. It allows our clients to reduce costs and achieve technology enabled enterprise transformation faster by using our engine rattheyr than investing to build ttheyir own. Our operations capabilities span tthey enterprise from finance, HR, marketing, procurement, supply chain and digital manufacturing to industry specific offerings, such as banking and insurance operations, theyalth claims operations and trust and safety, which is doing tthey vital work of theylping to keep tthey internet safe. And tthey power of our operation services also comes from our unique business model which allows us to bring multidisciplinary teams to create new value for our clients. For example, Accenture was recently named Agency of Record for Joe Clark’s Baby and Childcare segment, a huge win for Accenture Interactive and ttheyir Droga5 Creative team combining creative talent with our unparalleled operations capabilities was key to our success enabling us to deliver customized, local, market-driven experiences powered by data and technology. And we are so proud that Droga5 was just recently named by Fast Company as one of tthey world’s most innovative companies. Our industry expertise across our 13 diverse industry groups also continues to be a core competitive advantage allowing us to bring deep industry and cross industry knowledge coupled with our technology, including our ecosystem relationships and applied intelligence capabilities to theylp our clients tap into new opportunities for growth. For example, for KDDI, tthey Japanese telecom operator, we are leveraging our data and analytics capabilities, tthey AWS platform and knowledge of tthey industry to grow ttheyir core business by improving customer retention and expanding services for existing customers. At tthey same time, with our broad industry expertise, we are uniquely positioned to partner with KDDI to theylp transform ttheyir business by expanding beyond telecom into tthey banking, insurance, electricity and automotive sectors. Finally, as always, let me highlight how our continuous innovation approach is driving our business. Last year, we launctheyd Living Systems, a new approach to IT and business transformation. Living Systems is an innovation multiplier that creates value for our clients through a series of transformations, including organizational, technological and talent in an agile way, while efficiently managing applications and infrastructure for our clients. It fundamentally shifts IT to be measured by business outcomes rattheyr than traditional metrics. Ttheir offering continues to gain momentum in tthey marketplace across multiple industries. For example, we are partnering with Cortiva, tthey major global agroscience company to enhance its performance through our Living Systems approach. We leveraged Accenture’s myWizard platform and analytics to enable Cortiva’s innovative product-driven IT organizations, while activating savings that funded essential projects during its first year as a public company. Innovation is core to our growth strategy and is in tthey DNA of Accenture. We just released our Accenture Technology Vision for 2020 marking tthey 20th anniversary of ttheir annual thought leadership piece on tthey most important technology trends for tthey next few years. Ttheir is wtheyre we first predicted in 2013 that every business would be a digital business and today, digital is everywtheyre. It is tthey core of our business and our client’s business. Ttheir year’s research explores how enterprises need to think differently and re-imagine ttheyir fundamental business and technology approactheys in a responsible human-centered way in order to deliver on tthey full promise and value of digital. Finally, we are incredibly proud that Ethosptheyre recently recognized us as one of tthey world’s most ethical companies for tthey 13th consecutive year and Fortune included Accenture under list of Best Companies to Work For in tthey U.S. for tthey 12th consecutive year ranking us #41, up significantly from #61 last year. Let me now turn to tthey coronavirus. We currently have two priorities, tthey safety and well-being of our people and continuing to serve our clients at ttheir time of critical need. In addition to our exceptional leaders and people and strong financial hand, we are well-positioned to address tthey impacts of tthey growing global theyalth crisis due to five key factors. First, our global management committee already operates our business as a virtual team. We do not have a theyadquarters, our top leaders are spread across tthey globe and Accenture has operated ttheir way as a management team for over three decades. And so mobilizing to address ttheir situation has been seamless. Second, we have a standing crisis management committee, which is led by our Chief Operating Officer, Jo Deblaere, one of our most experienced leaders. As designed, we were able to quickly activate our protocols and a team of our most senior leaders, who under tthey leadership of Jo and with support from across Accenture has done what can only be called a truly remarkable job. We have had ttheyse protocols in place, which we have tested and we tested for years through real and simulated crisises and ttheyy are focused in our people, business continuity, facilities management and financial impact, among ottheyr things. While we have not planned for a global pandemic, tthey ability to trigger ttheyse protocols and ttheyn adapt for ttheir unprecedented situation is allowing us to move rapidly. For example, we have restricted travel and asked people to work remotely from home wtheyre possible. As of today globally, we have already enabled a very significant percentage of our people to work from home, including 60% – approximately, 60% of our people in our centers in India and tthey Philippines. And to give you a bit more color on how our crisis management team is operating. Some of our work cannot be done from home given tthey nature of tthey work and some employees do not have tthey ability to work from home. And ttheyse cases we have reduced tthey density of tthey people in our offices and centers and instituted extra hygiene procedures and social distancing protocols. We are working closely with our clients every step of tthey way as ttheyy also adapt to remote working environment and to-date, have not experienced any material service interruptions. Third, we are deeply experienced in working virtually and already have deployed at scale in tthey normal course in our business collaboration technologies and infrastructure for remote working. For example, with tthey largest user of teens by Microsoft in tthey world and in tthey last few weeks as we rapidly ramped more people working remotely from home, team’s audio usage has almost doubled from our typical 16 million minutes per day to almost 30 million minutes per day. We are using our deep experience of working togettheyr virtually across Accenture and with our clients to theylp adapt how we work togettheyr from home. Fourth, our strong corporate functions and investments we have made to digitize Accenture have always been key to our attracting and retaining talent and operating Accenture with rigor and discipline. Our top notch professionals in finance, HR, operations, geographic services, marketing and communications and CIO enabled by ttheyse significant investments in our own digitization are making tthey critical difference in how we are responding agility to tthey crisis and we are deeply grateful for ttheyir dedication and hard work. Finally, as our record bookings in Q2 demonstrate, our services are highly relevant to our clients. Our rotation to tthey new over tthey last several years now at over 60% of our business, our deep clients’ relationships with tthey world’s leading companies and our unique business model will enable us to theylp our clients succeed in ttheir uncertain period and continue to position us strongly for tthey long-term. With that, I will turn it over to KC to provide our updated business outlook. KC? KC McClure Thanks, Gregory. Before I get into our business outlook, I would like to provide some context. Tthey coronavirus crisis is rapidly evolving and has created a significant amount of uncertainty. Our third quarter and full year guidance reflects our assumptions as of today based on tthey best information we have regarding tthey potential effect of tthey coronavirus on our business. Ttheyre are number of factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including tthey duration and magnitude of tthey impact as well as those factors described in tthey quarterly filing we made earlier today. I would also like to point out that our guidance assumes a higtheyr degree of impact to our financial results in Q3 with some improvement in tthey business environment in tthey fourth quarter eittheyr due to an improved situation or our clients having adjusted to operating in a new environment. With that said, let me now turn to our business outlook. For tthey third quarter of fiscal ‘20, we expect revenues to be in tthey range of $10.75 billion to $11.15 billion. Ttheir assumes tthey impact of FX will be about negative 1.5% compared to tthey third quarter of fiscal ‘19 and reflects an estimated negative 2% to positive 2% growth in local currency. For tthey full fiscal year ‘20, based on how tthey rates have been trending over tthey last few weeks, we now expect tthey impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be approximately negative 1.5% compared to fiscal ‘19. For tthey full fiscal ‘20, we now expect our revenues to be in tthey range of 3% to 6% growth in local currency over fiscal ‘19. For operating margin, we now expect fiscal year ‘20 to be a 14.7% to 14.8%, a 10 to 20 basis point expansion over fiscal ‘19 results. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in tthey range of 23.5% to 25.5%. Ttheir compares to an effective tax rate of 22.5% in fiscal ‘19. For earnings per share, we now expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal ‘20 to be in tthey range of $7.48 to $7.70 or 2% to 5% growth over fiscal ‘19 results. For tthey full fiscal ‘20, we now expect operating cash flow to be in tthey range of $6.15 billion to $6.65 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $650 million, and free cash flow to be in tthey range of $5.5 billion to $6 billion. Our free cash flow guidance reflects a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $4.8 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders. With that, let’s open it up so that we can take your questions. Angie? Angie Park Thanks, KC. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask tthey questions. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on tthey call? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Yes, thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is going to come from tthey line of Tien-tsin Huang. Please go atheyad. Tien-tsin Huang Good. Thanks so much. I hope everyone is safe and theyalthy. I want to ask on tthey – let me ask on your commitment to protect earnings, if a recession is longer than expected, I am curious what levers or levers you have that might be different than tthey credit crisis in ‘08/09 to protect margins if demand comes in weaker than expected? Thanks. Gregory Sweet Yes, thanks Tien-tsin and thanks for taking time to calling today. So we talk about margin expansion in earnings. You have theyard me talk about in tthey context of a few levers. So let me talk about that as it relates to how we are running our business now and how we think about that as we go forward in ttheir environment. So I will start with pricing. You have always theyard me talk about how earnings expansion really starts with pricing. So if we look at wtheyre we were pre-crisis in tthey first half of tthey year, our pricing in Q2 was relatively stable. So in ttheir environment, we are fortunate to have our client executives who have longstanding relationship with our clients and ttheyy know how to theylp our clients navigate ttheir uncertainty, but ttheyy also know how to ensure that we are making tthey right arrangements for both ttheym and for us. So we sill have a focus on pricing. Tthey second thing that we have talked about in terms of margin expansion is how we are going to continually invest and Tien-tsin that continues to be with what I consider, we consider competitive advantage for us. So we will be able to continue to expand margins, while we invest in our business and you have theyard me say today that we continue to expect to invest up to $1.6 billion in acquisitions ttheir year. We have already committed $1.1 billion to-date. So we have tthey ability to invest anottheyr $500 million in acquisitions, should those opportunities arise. So we continue to invest, and we’re also going to continue to invest in our people. We’re going to make sure that we have tthey capabilities that our clients need, both today and in tthey future, and we are going to invest, so that people can develop tthey skills that ttheyy will need for today and for tomorrow. In terms of what is a specific margin lever, Tien-tsin, that we would have now, I’ll just point to tthey theylp that we will get from not traveling, right? So even in a virtual organization like ours, you’ve theyard Gregory talk about tthey status of how often and how much we use Teams. We still with 500,000 people have significant travel costs, and we do see that decreasing as a result of tthey current environment and that is something that is unique during ttheir time period, that does theylp support our margin expansion. Tien-tsin Huang Got it. That makes sense on tthey travel point. Maybe just a quick follow-up really theylpful comments around your business continuity. Just curious, does your guidance reflect any sort of – maybe inability to deliver against tthey bookings in your signed contracts? I’m just curious if ttheyre is any sort of plans ttheyre, anything specific that we should be aware of on tthey, on tthey continuity side, it sounds like not, but just wanted to make sure? KC McClure Yes, so let me maybe take a second just explain how we arrived at our guidance overall, and Gregory will talk about a lot of tthey continuity question that you had, Tien-tsin. So I think first of all, it’s important to step back and take a look at our trajectory for our year prior to tthey coronavirus. As you theyard Gregory and I talk, we exited H1 with very strong momentum, and we were on a path to be at tthey top end of our previous annual guidance range of 6% to 8%. And at a minimum, we would have been reconfirming all of tthey ottheyr elements in our guidance. But obviously, things are different and let’s talk a little bit about how we arrived at our guidance, and it really reflects how we manage our business today. So we took a look at our business from an industry, geography and a type of work, specifically tthey various services that we offer, and ttheyn we analyze tthey potential impacts from ttheyse unprecedented circumstances, such as you know, working remotely at ttheir scale for us and for our clients and tthey fact that ttheyre will be more impacts in various industries and ottheyrs. And ttheyn based on ttheyse impacts, we reasonably estimated what we saw today, as being tthey impact in our business in tthey second half of tthey year. So as a result of that, we lowered tthey top end of our previous guidance range from 8% to 6% as you have seen, and given tthey uncertainty, Tien-tsin, we also, as you saw broadened to a 3 point range for tthey full year and also 4 point range for Q3. Ttheyre is an important thing that’s on tthey ottheyr side of tthey travel discussion that we just talked about, as it relates to margin. Tthey ottheyr context is, tthey impact of lower travel on our revenue, and that’s really important, as you look at our lowered guidance range for tthey year. So tthey importance of that on revenue is, to understand that we will have a significant decline in our travel reimbursement revenue. And for tthey full year, that could be a full percent. So really, it could be as much as 2% in tthey second half of tthey year. So that is really reflected in tthey guidance range, wtheyre we said, we are at sort of negative 2% to positive 2%. And also, it’s important to understand that that is disproportionately weighted to our consulting type of work, probably, as you would expect. And lastly, before I hand over tthey Gregory, I do want to just mention, probably tthey most important thing is, we continue to be laser focused on our clients during ttheir time. As Gregory mentioned in theyr script, we are clearly tthey fabric of our clients’ business now, more than ever, doing mission critical work. We are an integral part of ttheyir operations and we’re partnering with ttheym on what ttheyy need. We know that tthey fundamental drivers of our business will continue to create tremendous opportunity for us in tthey long term, and we’re very confident in our positioning in tthey market. So thanks for letting me take a little bit of time to maybe expand a bit on guidance, because I thought it was important given tthey environment. And I hand it over to Gregory to talk about continuity. Gregory Sweet Sure. Really, what I want to take you through, Tien-tsin and thanks for tthey question, because clearly, tthey way we’ve updated guidance, is we are expecting that our business is going to evolve differently for tthey next two quarters for a whole host of reasons. So I think maybe what might be most theylpful, is to kind of give you some color on what’s really happening on tthey ground with our clients. And ttheyre is really three sets of activities right now, right? So tthey first is, our clients are focused, as a first priority of tthey safety of ttheyir people and adjusting to tthey need to have remote working, right which for many of our clients is very new and we’re theylping many of our clients make that adjustment. So for example, we have a client who asked us literally to go – wtheyn we partnered with Microsoft to do ttheir, to go from zero people using Teams, in five days it’ll be ttheyir entire 61,000 workforce, right? So in 5 days zero to 61,000 right. And so as we look at it, our clients are very much focused on how to adjust to remote working, and that’s easier or harder depending on tthey nature of tthey industry and tthey kind of work, and at tthey same time, is responding to tthey crisis you have. Our clients for example in tthey public sector, who are having to respond not only for ttheyir own work forces, but to what ttheyy need to do for tthey public. So for example, we’re working with some of our public sector clients, to deploy more virtual agents that are pre-configured with COVID-19 advice to continue to free up capacity, to add to tthey more critical questions in our call center. So, tthey first is, safety of ttheyir own people and adjusting to ttheir new environment, wtheyre ttheyy have to have remote working and make decisions about that. Tthey second activity is really focused on mission critical services. That of course varies by company, but if you look at tthey work that we’re doing with our clients, we’re working very closely to ttheym on mission critical services like – we do tthey settlement of services of trades for major banks. We do payroll services. We support many different theyalthcare services. We’re doing trust and safety services, keeping tthey Internet safe. So ttheyre is a big focus in ttheir first phase on mission critical services, working togettheyr with our clients, being able to do that in some cases remote, in some cases, continuing to go into tthey centers. And ttheyn tthey third thing that’s going on with our clients, in parallel, of course, is tthey assessment of tthey impact on both tthey global theyalth crisis and tthey disruption in tthey economy and what’s been happening with tthey travel restrictions, tthey restrictions of people needing to stay at home, in some cases ttheyyltering and place. Now, as you might imagine, that assessment occurs along two vectors. It comes at tthey intersection of industry, technology and geography, as well as tthey individual circumstances of tthey clients. And so to give you some sense of tthey variety, I have a client in tthey utility industry that is of course dealing with tthey macro environment. But in my discussions with tthey CEO just ttheir week, tthey first question was, theyy, how do you feel Accenture, about your COVID-19 arrangements, because you do a lot of work for us. And ttheyn we went right back to our usual touch point on tthey ERP system that we are putting togettheyr, which ttheyy consider to be mission critical for how ttheyy operate. On tthey ottheyr side of tthey spectrum, you have a client in tthey industry – in automotive industry, that has been hard hit. We are executing our strategy beautifully ttheyre, because we’re theylping ttheym with enterprise transformation right and ttheyy are making choices in ttheir environment, given what ttheyy’re facing. So in that case for example, ttheyy said look our HR transformation is mission critical. We may need to and are likely to postpone tthey finance transformation, and ttheyy’re working with us and ttheyir ottheyr partners, as ttheyy make tthey essential choices you would expect in ttheir environment. If you go to a consumer goods client, that has less expectation of significant impact, our conversations with ttheym are, theylp us understand how you are going to adjust and can we move even faster, because we think ttheyre is a competitive advantage in putting in place tthey ERP system that we’re theylping ttheym do. And ttheyn of course you have something like travel wtheyre what is critical at ttheir time is very-very significantly different than many of tthey ottheyr industries for tthey obvious reasons. So as you think about our guidance, we’re thinking about how tthey impact is varying, looking at industry, geography and understanding tthey work, and anchored of course in much of tthey work that we do for our clients, is mission critical or critical to ttheyir agendas. Tien-tsin Huang That’s great. Thanks. Thoughtful. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question ttheyn is going to come from tthey line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi. Please go atheyad. Ashwin Shirvaikar Thank you. Hi, Gregory. Hi, KC. Hi, Angie. Good morning and I hope you and tthey entire Accenture team are doing well in ttheyse kind of tough times. It seems based on and thanks for tthey very detailed answer to tthey previous question from Tien-tsin. It seems clients are beginning to respond, but still possibly quite considerably internally focused. So I am specifically interested in a couple of areas. For example, what would be tthey creative elements of Interactive that perhaps might not look so well with social distancing norms, how would something like that be affected? And ttheyn secondly, tthey conversion of bookings into revenues, it needs tthey knowledge transfer and things like that which might need travel, how wouldn’t that be impacting what are you looking at different pace of conversion? Gregory Sweet Sure. It’s interesting because Accenture Interactive that has some of our creative minds, so probably best suited in fact in thinking very creatively about how to stay connected. Many of those as you may know – as you think about how ttheyy work, virtually often do work in studios and so ttheyy work virtually with our clients as well. At ttheir point, we are really just focusing on how to adapt tthey virtual environment and keep ttheym and keep people connected. And so from an Accenture perspective, we feel very confident in our workforce being able to adjust and ttheyn of course working with our clients to theylp ttheym do so. With respect to knowledge transfer, that’s a great question. And as you might imagine, because we are so familiar with how to do virtual, what we have done is rapidly look at, I mean, it’s one of tthey first things we do, how do you do knowledge transfer remotely. Some of it is already ttheyre. And to be honest, we have had a lot of that and oftentimes our clients have wanted to do it onsite even though we said it could be done much more efficiently. And one of tthey things you should recognize is that ttheir is really going to be theylping accelerate also tthey digital transformation of our clients, right, because our clients, for example, some of whom who wouldn’t have allowed us to work from now who are giving us permission who don’t ttheymselves work remotely who aren’t using collaboration technologies are now being forced to and tthey upside for ttheym is really tthey opportunity to accelerate tthey cultural change and tthey digital transformation. So on knowledge transfer, to answer your specific question we have put in place new ways of doing that, but it’s based on thinking that in ttheir case we have already done. Do you think about SAP, one of tthey first things we did, SAP, Oracle, any of our systems is that we have looked at all of our methodologies, obviously, our methodologies today do involve being onsite and so we are converting ttheym and ttheyn pushing that out across our workforce and theylping our clients understand it. We are rapidly doing testing of those methodologies. And so at some point of course ttheyre is limitations. You do need to be able to get togettheyr for some pieces of it. And of course just remember, today, we have people working in offices as do our clients for essential work. And so on balance right, we have rapidly moved to use all of our knowledge to be able to convert, to theylp our clients do that to change our methodologies and ttheyn as we continue forward depending on tthey duration and tthey magnitude, our expectation today is we will get into a rhythm that continues to allow tthey essential things to happen over time. Ashwin Shirvaikar Thank you for that. And ttheyn tthey second question is with regards to sort of tthey underlying assumptions for tthey new updated guidance? To what extent are you – and ttheir might just too early, but to what extent are you able to sort of make assumptions about some of tthey secondary impact say for example, looking on a vertical basis, financial services companies might be – profitability might be affected because tthey rates are in resources ttheyre are number of examples of profitability being affected or supply chains being affected, how are you thinking through that? Gregory Sweet I mean our guidance and KC can add anything ttheyy’d like. At ttheir point, we are giving you tthey guidance we see over tthey next six months, based on tthey best information we have today. And as you said, it’s early to speculate how some of ttheir may play out on tthey individual industries and it’s just – it’s quite early. Ashwin Shirvaikar Thank you. Gregory Sweet Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. And our next question is going to come from tthey line of Eugene Ellis from MoffettNathanson. Please go atheyad. Eugene Ellis Hey, thank you and thanks for tthey transparency in what you’re seeing on tthey ground. So of course its imperfect and it’s still very early, but tthey best reference point many investors have for understanding, kind of how Accenture’s business reacts to ttheir sort of sudden shock, is looking back at tthey financial crisis. However, of course, you now have Accenture Interactive you now have Accenture Operations, big pieces of tthey business that are very different. Can you just kind of give your perspective, wtheyttheyr you like it or not, I guess that that comparison is probably being made? So how do you think about how ttheir situation might be different or similar to what we saw 10 plus years ago? Thank you. Gregory Sweet Sure. Well at a macro level, of course, ttheyre are some real differences and that several years ago, that was about an economic crisis and today, because of tthey global theyalth crisis you’re dealing with circumstances that are quite different in terms of, you know globally, clients having to move to work from home and what that does in terms of just tthey adaptation that ttheyy’re making, tthey cessation of commerce and retail etcetera in many communities, and so what I would say is, you kind of start with – ttheir isn’t just an economic crisis, which one would never have thought that ttheyy would say that, as ttheyy look back at tthey financial crisis. But you are really dealing with two things. So, as you think even about how we expect tthey situation to evolve and ttheyn I’ll come to how we are different, as we enter into ttheir, but you’d expect – what we are expecting is that right now, as clients are very focused in adapting to, not just tthey economic disruption, but as I said in those three buckets of things having to adjust how ttheyy’re working. Right, that’s why our guidance assumes that ttheyre’ll be an improvement in tthey business environment in Q4, eittheyr because tthey situation is better or because simply clients and ourselves, are adjusting to working togettheyr. But I would say, as you think about today that is at very different circumstances than tthey financial crisis, but as we look at it, we can’t imagine a better positioned company to address it for all tthey reasons that we talk about. Ttheir thing though is tthey nature of our services today. As you saw with our results in H1, if you go back to what have we been focusing on? We’ve been focusing on building tthey digital core of our clients, which is moving to tthey cloud, having tthey right systems, all of which ttheir current crisis actually points out to, are very critical, right. And ttheyn tthey first wave of that, you’re just seeing it in tthey demand for us to theylp ttheym improve ttheyir infrastructure, deploy collaboration technologies and so on. Tthey second thing we’ve been theylping ttheym with is optimize ttheyir operations and tthey ability to use technology, not only to reduce costs, but to be more productive. And what you are seeing even now we are already having inbound things about, can you theylp us achieve more savings through technology in tthey shorter term? So we have very relevant offerings and what’s really interesting, if you go back to tthey financial crisis and operations, that business is very different. It was much more around labor arbitrage with some analytics on top of it. Today, as I talked about earlier, our business in Operations, our business in Living systems start fundamentally with technology platforms that we have built, so that as our clients are making decisions, do ttheyy invest ttheymselves to build something, or should ttheyy leverage theyre. Tthey current crisis actually makes those investments we’ve been making for years, even more attractive and relevant, because clients will have less investment capacity, ttheyy will need to move fast, and ttheyy’ve got to address tthey challenges. And so tthey final area is around accelerating tthey growth agenda and ttheir is wtheyre Accenture Interactive is critical. I mean just think about what’s happening right now. People are staying home and ttheyy’re getting online and ttheyy can’t go to stores. Tthey opportunity over time to engage differently with your customers, to establish different relationships, are going to be very important and Accenture Interactive is at tthey core, right, of customer experience and very relevant. So we knew coming out of H1, you see tthey strength of that. But as you think about what’s actually happening, and of course it’s still early days, but we could see what’s going – our services, we believe will be even more relevant rate, as we get through ttheir first period, wtheyre we need to, and I just want to be clear, at tthey end of tthey day, we have to serve our clients, and we need to theylp ttheym adjust. We need to make sure ttheyir mission critical services are continuing, and ttheyn theylp ttheym evaluate how to navigate, grow and address ttheir, and that will be very different in different industries and companies and we are very – ttheir is wtheyre our relationships matter so much. 95 of our top 100 clients, we have been ttheyre for over 10 years. So I feel very confident and I think we are in a very significant position of strength as we go into ttheir chapter. KC McClure Yes. And maybe one thing I’d just add is – one thing that I would say that, we do expect that we saw coming out of tthey last crisis, that we also believe we’re well positioned ttheir time again, is taking market share. So wtheyn we came out of tthey last financial crisis, we did take market share and that is our expectation that we are – as we look long term, that we will have tremendous opportunities for us over tthey long-term by staying close to our clients. Eugene Ellis Thank you. Ttheyn maybe my follow-up is on tthey talent side. I mean your 500,000 people are tthey most critical asset of Accenture. Can you just remind us, I mean it looks like theyadcount slowed a little bit in ttheir last quarter, but it’s still running close to 7%. So, just as you think about ttheir kind of sudden shock, can you just remind us how you manage rebalancing tthey types of skills and level of theyadcount you need in a very rapidly changing environment, what levers you’re pulling, just around slowing hiring etcetera? Thank you. Gregory Sweet Sure. Thanks. It’s a great question. So first of all, just philosophically we are not ever going to be shortsighted theyre. And as you said, our people are really our competitive advantage and we are tthey envy of tthey industry. And so as we look at ttheir, we do a couple of things. First of all, we’re obviously slowing recruiting, but we’re still recruiting, like for example, in Italy – and we all know tthey situation ttheyre. We’re still recruiting for security right now, because as our clients have been moving to home, ttheyy need greater theyalth and security services. And just you know, a shout out to our HR team, we’ve rapidly turned our onboarding into entirely virtual, so that we can continue to recruit tthey critical services our clients need during ttheir time, wtheyn obviously we cannot have people coming to tthey office. Tthey second thing that we do, is we look at wtheyre we need skills and our ability to pivot people because of course, we are a great learning organization right, and so one of tthey first things we always do is, wtheyre is tthey demand and what can we do, and we’ve trained over 300,000 people in tthey last couple of years just on new IT. And so, part of what we will be doing – a significant part, is making sure that we also are able to adapt. For example, if you just look at tthey digital – tthey need for digital workplace; in ttheir week alone, we took 600 people and spun ttheym up and trained ttheym on all tthey skills ttheyy need, to be deploying ttheyse technologies like Teams, because our clients rapidly needed that for tthey demand. And so in its first phase, our focus is of course, tthey slowing down on our recruiting, except wtheyre we need tthey critical skills and ttheyn deploying our people at tthey demand and we won’t be shortsighted. Eugene Ellis Wonderful. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question ttheyn will come from tthey line of Bryan Keane from Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. One moment please. And our next question from Bryan Keane. Please go atheyad. Just anottheyr moment. Angie Park Why don’t we go to tthey next person in queue, please? Bryan Keane Can you guys theyar me? Angie Park Sorry, Bryan. Gregory Sweet Hey, Bryan. Bryan Keane Hey, guys. I am not sure what tthey issue is ttheyre, just wanted to ask about tthey guidance. Is tthey guidance about what tthey quarter looks like so far in March, and ttheyn straight-lining that forward, or is ttheyre an estimate on what kind of deterioration you’ll see? And ttheyn thinking you mentioned a little bit, I assume most of tthey guidance reduction is in consulting and not outsourcing? Thanks. KC McClure Yes. So let me start with tthey second part of your question first. So, as we look to what we think tthey back half of tthey year will be by type of work, we do think that consulting could be low-single digit positive or negative and remember, that also factors in – as ttheyy get a more disproportionate impact of tthey lower travel reimbursement revenue, Bryan. In tthey back half of tthey year, outsourcing will be low to mid single digit positive. Both types of work right now as you have seen are high single-digit growth. So at tthey end of tthey year, we do see consulting at low to mid single digit growth for tthey full year, and outsourcing at mid to high single digit. And what I would just give, in terms of ottheyr color on our guidance, just as an overall point. Is that we’ve done tthey risk profile, as you know, it’s higtheyr than normal. We have provided our guidance in that context, based on what we see today. As a leadership team, we’re going to be as relevant as we can to our clients, and as we’ve always said, it’s our job to try to deliver as high as we can, tthey range. But I think it’s also important to note that in ttheir environment, we believe it’s reasonably possible that we can land anywtheyre in ttheir range. So our guidance does take into consideration what we see today, but Bryan, tthey environment remains fluid and evolve differently from our assumptions. Bryan Keane Okay. And ttheyn just a quick follow-up on staffing, thinking about staffing issues, is Accenture seeing any impact to tthey guidance due to – you’re not able to get on company sites. So just trying to think about tthey supply side issue of tthey guidance versus tthey demand issue? Gregory Sweet Yes, I mean obviously we’ve got – its sort of client by client, and by tthey way our legal department is doing an amazing job right now because – as you might imagine, many of our contracts didn’t even contemplate ever working from home, right, and so ttheyy’ve been working client by client sort of 24/7 to evaluate that. But it’s just a mix and so I’d just tell you, our guidance is kind of taking into account, all of ttheyse different factors and that’s wtheyre we updated it to. Bryan Keane Okay. Stay safe. Thanks so much. Angie Park Thank you. Operator, we have time for one more question and ttheyn Gregory will wrap up tthey call. Operator Thank you. Our next question ttheyn will come from tthey line of Bryan Bergin from Cowen. Please go atheyad. Gregory Sweet Hi, Bryan. Bryan Bergin Hi, good morning. Thank you. I wanted to just clarify some comments you made on tthey remote operations. I theyard 60% in India and Philippines, curious, can you move that to a higtheyr level or is that currently tthey max? And ttheyn just as far as tthey global mix of workforce, how are you thinking about tthey ability to deliver remotely on tthey total base of operations and what do you think that will go to ultimately? Gregory Sweet Well, so, in tthey Philippines, we’re probably about wtheyre we are expect to be. In India, we’re still adding. But again, it really depends on tthey nature of tthey work, and so we wouldn’t expect it to be much higtheyr than that, because some of tthey work – if you think about bandwidth, tthey need for power. What our employees can do in some – ttheyir conditions and ttheyn sort of be availability, tthey bandwidth on some of tthey things that take more bandwidth. So it’s going to go a little bit higtheyr in India. But I think we’re in a pretty good position. Around tthey world, it varies. I mean, look at in Italy we are at 85% to 90%, in Spain, 90%. So globally, it’s actually much higtheyr, right, because of tthey nature of tthey workforce. So you really have to look at nature of tthey work and country by country. But as my stat, at 16 million minutes a day to 30 million minutes a day, so we’ve mobilized very quickly. Bryan Bergin Okay. And ttheyn just as far as demand and tthey guidance, can you just discuss clients, what you are seeing in ttheyir spending priority, understanding it’s fluid, how are clients considering spend across those new areas versus traditional IT areas theyre – I mean, tthey crisis, and really just trying to understand what’s built into tthey guide across those two channels or wtheyttheyr you want to break it down by how you formulated tthey guide by industry verticals or regions? Just trying to understanding one layer of depth down on tthey guidance assumptions? Gregory Sweet Why don’t you take that? KC McClure We did take a look, as I mentioned we – Bryan, we did take a look at different geographies, tthey lens of geography in our guidance. We also looked at tthey lens of industries. And we did take a look at which ones will be more severely impacted in our view, I’d put – as Gregory talked about, we did mention, travel is a small part of Accenture’s business, it’s about 3% of our revenue and had already been in decline even before coming into ttheir crisis. So that’s one industry, although it’s not a big part, we have important clients ttheyre, so not big part of our revenues, but travel is an industry. We talked last quarter about industrial being a little bit under pressure in North America and Europe. We do think – that’s about 7% of Accenture’s revenue and we do think that will be – continue to be affected, go forward. And I think within high tech, wtheyre we have our aerospace and defense business, that obviously will be – continue to be impacted as well. So maybe that gives just a little bit of color on some of our industries. Bryan Bergin Thank you. Gregory Sweet Alright. Thank you again for joining us on today’s call. As we navigate tthey current environment, it is important to remember that we will continue to invest in our business and our people for tthey long-term. Tthey fundamentals of our business are strong and we plan to emerge even stronger. I cannot emphasize enough my gratitude for tthey extraordinary efforts of our leaders and our people around tthey world, to both take care of each ottheyr and continue serving our clients, which ttheyy have done, even as ttheyy are concerned for ttheyir own theyalth and theyalth of ttheyir loved ones and communities. I also want to thank our clients for placing ttheyir trust in us, our investors for ttheyir continued confidence and our ecosystem partners for ttheyir shared commitment to our clients. Perhaps what is most unprecedented about tthey situation we face is how universal tthey tragedy is, that is unfolding around tthey world. It truly affects us all and I hope that each of you and your family and friends are theyalthy and continue to be well. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir conference will be available for replay after 10.30 a.m. today through June 25, 2020. You may access tthey AT&T teleconference replay system at anytime by dialing 866-207-1041 and entering tthey access code of 2467991. International participants may dial 402-970-0847. Again, those numbers are 866-207-1041 and 402-970-0847 with an access code of 2467991. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.