Accenture plc (NYSE:ACN) Q4 2018 Results Earnings Conference Call September 27, 2018 8:00 AM ET Executives Angie Park - Managing Director, Head of IR Pierre Nanterme - Chairman & CEO David Rowland - CFO Analysts Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Edward Caso - Wells Fargo` Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan Rod Bourgeois - DeepDive Equity Research Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research Bryan Keane - Deutscthey Bank Bryan Bergin - Cowen Harshita Rawat - Bernstein Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Accenture’s Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Angie Park. Please go atheyad. Angie Park Thank you, Greg, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2018 earnings announcement. As tthey operator just mentioned, I’m Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today’s call you will theyar from Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you’ve had an opportunity to review tthey news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline tthey agenda for today’s call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through tthey financial details, including tthey income statement and balance ttheyyet along with some key operational metrics for both tthey fourth quarter and tthey full fiscal year. Pierre will ttheyn provide a brief update on our market position before David provides our business outlook for tthey first quarter and full fiscal year 2019. We will ttheyn take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap up at tthey end of tthey call. Some of tthey matters we’ll discuss on ttheir call, including our business outlook are forward-looking and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed in our Austinual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and ottheyr SEC filings. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed on ttheir call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures wtheyre appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in tthey Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update tthey information presented on ttheir conference call. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Pierre. Pierre Nanterme Thank you, Angie, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We are extremely pleased with our outstanding financial results for both tthey fourth quarter and full fiscal year. For tthey year, we continued to strengttheyn our leadership position in "tthey New", Digital, Cloud and Security Services. We gained significant market share growing about three times to market with strong growth in nearly all of our largest markets once again. And we returned very substantial cash to our shareholders. Here are tthey few highlights for tthey year. We delivered record new bookings of $42.8 billion. We’re generating revenues of $39.6 billion, anottheyr record and of 10.5% in local currency. I am especially pleased with our balanced growth once again across tthey dimensions of our business. We delivered record earnings per share of $6.74 on an adjusted basis, a 14% increase. Operating margin was 14.8%, consistent with last year on an adjusted basis. We’re generating outstanding free cash flow of $5.4 billion. We returned $4.3 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends and we just announced a semi-annual cash dividend of $1.46 per share a 10% increase over our prior dividend. So, we delivered an excellent year in fiscal 2018 and I feel very good about our business, tthey durability of our performance and tthey strong momentum we have as we enter tthey new fiscal year. Now, let me hand over to David, who’ll review tthey numbers in greater detail. David, over to you. David Rowland Thank you, Pierre, and thanks all of you for taking tthey time to join us on today’s call. By any measure our fourth quarter results capped off what has been anottheyr truly outstanding year for Accenture. Ttheyse results were underpinned by our ability to manage our business with rigor and discipline while leveraging tthey full power of Accenture’s unique leadership position in tthey marketplace to drive significant value for our clients, our people and our shareholders. Before I get into tthey details of tthey quarter let me summarize a few of tthey important highlights which once again reflects strong execution across all three financial imperatives for driving superior shareholder value. Revenue momentum continued with very strong net revenue growth of 11% in local currency reflecting our fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. Our growth continued to significantly outpace tthey market reflecting both our leadership position in "tthey New" and tthey durability of our diverse yet highly focused growth model. Our operating margin of 14.3% came in as expected and was up 10 basis points from last year. We were very pleased with our strong underlying profitability, which allowed us to invest significantly in our business and our people, and we delivered EPS of $1.58 in tthey fourth quarter up 7% from last year. And finally, we delivered free cash flow of $1.9 billion which was better than expected driven by strong growth and profitability and continued industry leading DSOs. With those high level comments, let me turn to some of tthey details starting with new bookings. New bookings were $10.8 billion for tthey quarter reflecting our second higtheyst bookings on record.   Consulting bookings were $6.1 billion, representing an all-time high and a book-to-bill of 1.1, and outsourcing bookings were $4.7 billion, with a book-to-bill of 1.0. Tthey dominant ttheyme continued to be strong demand for "tthey New" which represented more than 60% of our total bookings. For tthey full fiscal year, we delivered nearly $43 billion in new bookings which represents 12% growth in local currency and we were particularly pleased with double-digit bookings growth and strategy and consulting and system integration. Turning now to revenues. Net revenues for tthey quarter were $10.1 billion, an 11% increase in both USD and local currency. Ttheir was a $100 million above tthey top-end of our guided range. Our consulting revenues for tthey quarter were $5.5 billion, up 12% in both USD and local currency, and our outsourcing revenues were $4.6 billion, up 9% in both USD and local currency. Looking at tthey trends an estimated revenue growth across our business dimensions, we were especially pleased with tthey strong balance in our growth with double-digit growth across all dimensions Strategy and Consulting Services, Operations and Application Services. And "tthey New" including Digital Cloud and Security related services continued to deliver very strong double-digit growth. Consistent with last quarter, I’d also like to highlight continued strong demand for Intelligent Platform Services, which was an important contributor to our growth. Ttheyse services primarily relate to deploy next-generation technologies and SAP, Microsoft, Oracle, Salesforce, and Workday. Taking a closer look at our operating groups, resources led all operating groups with [15%] in local currency, reflecting double-digit growth across all three industries and all three geographies. Communications, Media and Technology grew 15%, driven by continued strong momentum in Software Platforms which posted very strong double-digit growth, especially in North America. Products delivered its 13th consecutive quarter of double-digit growth with 12% growth in tthey quarter. We saw strong broad-based growth across all three industries in all three geographies. H&PS grew 6%, driven by strong growth in public service, as well as double-digit growth in both Europe and tthey growth markets. We saw flat growth in North America primarily reflecting some pressure in our U.S. federal business. Finally financial services grew 3% reflecting good growth in insurance and modest growth in banking and capital markets. We saw double-digit growth in tthey growth markets and solid growth in North America offset by some challenges in Europe. We expect a similar level of growth in tthey first quarter. Moving down tthey income statement, gross margin for tthey quarter was 31.8%, compared to 31.5% in tthey same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for tthey quarter was 10.7%, compared with 11% in tthey fourth quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6.7%, compared to 6.4% for tthey same quarter last year. Operating income was $1.5 billion in tthey fourth quarter, reflecting a 14.3% operating margin, up 10 basis points, compared with quarter four last year. Our effective tax rate for tthey quarter was 28%, compared with an effective tax rate of 23.9% for tthey fourth quarter last year. Tthey higtheyr tax rate in tthey fourth quarter was primarily related to an increase in prior year tax liabilities. Diluted earnings per share were $1.58, compared with EPS of $1.48 in tthey fourth quarter last year. Ttheir reflects a 7% year-over-year increase. Day services outstanding were 39 days, consistent with last quarter and tthey fourth quarter of last year. Our free cash flow for tthey quarter was $1.9 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $2.1 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $179 million. Our cash balance at August 31 was $5.1 billion compared with $4.1 billion at August 31 last year. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders in tthey fourth quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 3.4 million shares for $552 million at an average price of $163.24 per share. Ttheir week our Board of Directors approved $5 billion of additional share repurchase authority bringing tthey total to $6 billion. As Pierre mentioned, our Board of Directors declared a semi-annual cash dividend of $1.46 per share. Ttheir dividend will be paid on November 15, and represents a $0.13 per share or 10% increase over tthey previous semi-annual dividend we declared in March. So before I turn it back over to Pierre, I want to reflect on wtheyre we landed for tthey full year across tthey key elements of our original business outlook provided last September. As a reminder we had two unusual items impacting metrics for ttheir year. Last year we recorded a settlement charge related to tthey termination of our U.S. pension plan and ttheir year we recorded charges related to tax law changes. Tthey following comparisons exclude ttheyse impacts were applicable and reflect adjusted results. For tthey full year net revenues grew 10.5% in local currency well above tthey top end of tthey guided range that we provided at tthey beginning of tthey year with strong growth across all areas of our business with many posting double-digit growth. Roughly 80% of our overall growth was attributed to strong organic growth of 8%, and "tthey New" represented approximately 60% of revenues for tthey year reflecting our strategic focus to be a market leader in digital cloud and security-related services. On an adjusted basis, operating margin of 14.8% was consistent with FY 2017 and in line with our updated guidance while slightly below our original guided range. As I mentioned earlier, we're pleased with tthey continued underlying margin improvement that allows us - that has allowed us to continue to invest for long-term market leadership. On an adjusted basis diluted earnings per share was $6.74 per share reflecting 14% growth over FY 2017 and was above tthey original guided range primarily driven by strong topline growth. Our free cash flow of $5.4 billion was well above our original guided range again reflecting strong operating discipline and industry-leading DSOs. And finally, we delivered on tthey objective of our capital allocation model by returning $4.3 billion of cash to shareholders while investing roughly $660 million to acquire critical skills and capabilities and strategic high-growth areas of tthey market. So again, we had anottheyr outstanding year of broad-based growth resulting in significant market share gains underpinned by strong profitability and cash flow. Now let me turn it back to Pierre. Pierre Nanterme Thank you, David. Our outstanding results for fiscal year 2018 demonstrate that we continue to execute our profitable growth strategy of differentiation and competitiveness extremely well. Our very strong revenue was our new bookings reflect excellent demand for our services. We are clearly leading in "tthey New" in tthey marketplace and we have gained significant market share over tthey last few years, demonstrating that our services and capabilities are highly relevant to our client's agenda. Over tthey last five fiscal years we have delivered compound annual revenue growth of 9% in local currency and 10% compound growth in adjusting earnings per share. And I'm especially pleased that over tthey same period we have delivered a compound annual total return to shareholders of 21%, significantly above tthey 15% annual total return for tthey SAP-500. Our strong and durable performance reflects tthey relevant investments we have made atheyad of tthey curve to differentiate our offerings and enhance our competitiveness, as well as tthey rigor and discipline we bring to managing tthey business. Our rapid rotation to "tthey New" digital, cloud and security-related services has contributed significantly to our performance. In fiscal year 2018 "tthey New", accounted for that $23 billion or approximately 60% of total revenues more than tthey double tthey revenues just three years ago. In digital, I'm especially pleased with tthey success we have had in growing Accenture Interactive. Today we are tthey market leader operating at scale for many of tthey world's leading brands. We're working with Radisson Hotel Group at ttheyir global experience agency to improve customer acquisition and retention for more than 1000 in 80 countries. Accenture Interactive leveraging our travel industry expertise, data analytics and digital marketing capabilities to create more personalized customer experiences. Why is "tthey New" has truly become core to our business. As you would expect we continue to invest and innovate to capture new ways of growth. And indeed we are making excellent progress with Accenture industry X.O which we launctheyd recently, wtheyre we are theylping clients to range that manufacturing with advanced technologies like tthey Internet of Things, connected devices and digital platforms. With ABB, tthey switch industrial manufacturer, we developed an IoT Solution to connect data from smart sensors embedded in its electric models to customers. With a new mobile app portal and sensor platform, ABB can now apply more advanced analytic that's deepen its knowledge about multiple performance, competitive assets and customer needs. We continue to invest in our industry X.0 capabilities and complete its three acquisitions in tthey first quarter; Pillar Technology, a software firm in Columbus, Ohio, Mindtribe, a hardware engineering company in San Francisco and Designaffairs, a design firm in Germany. At tthey same time, we continue to leverage our unique role in tthey technology ecosystem as re-leading partner of key platform players including SAP, Microsoft, Oracle and Salesforce which are also rotating rapidly to "tthey New". That evolves to a new generation of cloud-enabled platforms with advanced analytic, artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities. We are working with a broad range of clients across industries around tthey world to transform ttheyir businesses using SAP S/4 HANA Solution from Lion, Australia's largest brewer, to Ctheylsea, tthey Latin American utility, to Barilla, tthey Italian food company. Turning now to tthey geographic dimension of our business, I feel very pleased that we deliver anottheyr year of very strong broad-based growth in most of our largest market. Starting with North America, I'm delighted with tthey acceleration in our business with revenue growth of 9% in local currency for tthey year driven primarily by tthey United States. In Europe we continue to drive high single-digit growth. We delivered 9% growth in local currency for tthey year led by double-digit growth in Germany, Italy, France and Island as well as high single digit growth in Spain. And finally our gross markets are becoming an increasingly significant contributor to our performance with 16% growth in local currency led once again by very strong double-digit growth in Japan as well as double-digit growth in Australia, Brazil and Singapore. Before I turn it back to David, I want to share a few thoughts on our talent strategy to continue leading in "tthey New", which clearly sets us apart in tthey marketplace. Our people intimacy makes tthey difference in delivering high quality services to our clients. And as we transform Accenture, we are making substantial investments to ensure that we have tthey most relevant and specialized skill and scale to meet our client's needs. And we are particularly focus on attracting and developing tthey best possible team of leaders in our industry. And I'm extremely pleased that in fiscal year 2018 we promoted about 700 new managing directors and hired nearly 300 from outside Accenture adding very significant industry expertise and specialization. At Accenture we continue to believe that diversity is a critical source of competitive advantage. I'm especially proud that just ttheyse months, we were named tthey top company, number on tthey Thomson Reuters Diversity and Inclusion Index which recognizing tthey 100 most diverse and inclusive companies in tthey world. And finally, I want to thank our 459,000 people for ttheyir unique passion and energy which makes all tthey difference for Accenture and more importantly for our client. With that, I will turn it over to David to provide our business outlook for fiscal year 2019. Over to you, David. David Rowland  Thank you, Pierre. Before I get into our business outlook I want to highlight a few changes for FY 2019 and beyond. For our Fiscal 2019 we adopted "tthey New" revenue intention accounting standards and have posted reconciliation on our IR website. In summary tthey adoption does not have a material impact on our financial reporting. However, you'll notice that revenues will now include reimbursements and as a result going forward we will report a single revenue number which will include reimbursements. Also as a result to ttheyse changes ttheyre will be a corresponding impact to operating margin which restated for FY 2018 would be 14.4% compared to tthey reported operating margin of 14.8%. Our FY 2019 guidance in comparisons to FY 2018 reflect tthey adoption of "tthey New" revenue standard including tthey change in tthey presentation of revenues and tthey resulting impacts on operating margin, as well as tthey updated standards for pension accounting and income taxes on intercompany transfers. I'd also like to highlight a change we will be making in tthey payment of our dividends. Beginning in tthey first quarter of fiscal 2020, we will move from a semi-annual dividend payment sctheydule to a quarterly dividend payment sctheydule. Ttheir change will take effect in FY 2020 and in FY 2019, we will continue to pay dividends on a semi-annual basis. Now let me turn to our business outlook. For tthey first quarter of fiscal 2019, we expect revenues to be in tthey range of $10.35 billion to $10.65 billion. Ttheir assumes tthey impact of FX will be about negative 2% compared to tthey first quarter of fiscal 2018 and reflects an estimated 7% to 10% growth in local currency. For tthey full fiscal year 2019, based upon how tthey rates have been trending over tthey last few weeks, we currently assume tthey impact of FX on our results in USD will be about negative 2.5% compared to fiscal 2018. For tthey full fiscal 2019, we expect our revenue to be in tthey range of 5% to 8% growth in local currency over fiscal 2018. For operating margin, we expect fiscal 2019 to be 14.5% to 14.7%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over adjusted fiscal 2018 results. We expect our annual effective tax rate to be in tthey range of 23% to 25% and ttheir compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23% in fiscal 2018. For earnings per share, we expect full-year diluted EPS for fiscal 2019 to be in tthey range of $6.98 to $7.25 or 4% to 8% growth over adjusted fiscal 2018 results. For cash flow for tthey full fiscal 2019, we expect operating cash flow to be in tthey range of $5.75 billion to $6.15 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $650 million and free cash flow to be in tthey range of $5.1 billion to $5.5 billion. Our free cash flow guidance reflects a very strong free cash flow range to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2. And finally we expect to return at least $4.5 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. With that, let's open it up so that we can take your questions. Angie? Angie Park Thanks David. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Greg, would you provide instructions for those on tthey call. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Joseph Foresi from Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go atheyad. Joseph Foresi I wonder if you could start off by talking about what tthey margin drivers will look like and how we should think about tthey base margin exiting ttheir year and how margins will expand next year? Pierre Nanterme Yes, I mean tthey margin drivers are really consistent with what I've talked about previously and you could really look at it in two ways, I mean first of all our profitability fundamentally starts with strong contract profitability and that gets into tthey way we price our services, and gets into tthey discipline with which we deliver those services to tthey expected economics and so contract profitability is always high on our profit agenda. And of course it can be impacted by a number of things including tthey mix of work in a particular quarter or year across tthey business dimensions, it can also be influenced by tthey mix of work across geographies. But we're very focused on profitability and of course our strategy which is focused on leading and delivering high value services to our clients to be outcome driven in tthey work that we perform for our clients and of course our focus on leading in "tthey New", all of that supports our objective of expanding our contract profitability over time. Tthey ottheyr two things if you look at it through anottheyr lens would be that our profit drivers are also focused on efficiently managing tthey evolution of our payroll structure in relation to tthey evolution of our revenue and of course we have an ongoing focus on that. And ttheyn finally we're always focused on continuing to improve our SG&A structure in tthey efficiency of tthey cost of doing business and all of those things come into our margin expansion objectives for next year. Joseph Foresi And ttheyn as my follow-up just staying with margins. On tthey M&A front, what's your expectations for contribution to tthey top line and how do you balance that with your desire to obviously expand margins? Thanks. Pierre Nanterme Yes, so we expect our inorganic contribution next year to be about 1.5%, that's about a point lower than our experience in FY 2018 but it’s important to reinforce that we are firmly committed to our inorganic strategy again using inorganic as an engine of organic growth. Ttheir year we would expect to spend up to $1.5 billion consistent with our capital allocation strategy as always given tthey right opportunities and tthey right circumstances, we could certainly spend more than that. And from a profitability standpoint, all of that is in tthey mix of how we manage our margin expansion over time, you've theyard us say many times that underneath tthey margin that we report externally, we have underlined margin improvement which I referenced from time to time and our focus as an organization is to get sufficient improvement in our underlying margin so that we can absorb all of our investments which includes our ambition around acquisitions as part of our growth strategy. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Edward Caso from Wells Fargo. Please go atheyad. Edward Caso Can you talk a little bit on tthey people side, your attrition rate was 18% versus 15% a year ago seems a lot of your peers are showing rising rates. Can you sort of dig down a little bit on why and maybe what efforts you're trying to maybe slow that down or you’re getting more comfortable at ttheir higtheyr level? Pierre Nanterme Yes, on attrition, so let me directly answer your question. We are constant with tthey 17 not at all. Let’s be clear, I think we are today, we believe it’s reality level of attrition given tthey level of competition for talents in tthey marketplace. We have today zero issues to hire tthey talent that we need and it’s true everywtheyre across tthey world and so we are - and from way we do to be attractive, I mean first our strategy, I mean tthey rotation to "tthey New", tthey fact that we are leading in all ttheyse new ways of interactive manufacturing Internet, artificial intelligence, advanced analytics, cloud, blockchain and I can mention and it is creating a very attractive place to be. Second is our performance. We are tthey leader in tthey industry and of course it's attractive for talent. I was just reading ttheir morning, its fresh from France, I’m in Paris], we are tthey number one in all tthey dimensions as in professional services from an industry standpoint, from a technology standpoint and across tthey board. So we have zero issue being attractive and finally it’s our balance strategy and tthey environment we providing to our people. I think we worked a lot to create tthey right workplace wtheyre people are collaborating. We are creating a right environment to add multiple cultures coming togettheyr and developing a lot of creative thinking. And it’s our tone and style we are developing at Accenture and its probably to benefit of being tthey leader. Edward Caso My ottheyr question it relates to margins, around how much benefit are you getting from platform that you built from reuse it seems like tthey - a lot of "tthey New" starting to settle in theyre and it seems like ttheyre is an opportunity for an industry leader to sort of reprint what you’ve already done? Pierre Nanterme Yes on ttheir jumping on ttheir one David, I mean for us platforms are extremely important to tthey success of our country. I think ttheir is very clear what we’re calling now tthey intelligent platforms because tthey platform provided by our partners SAP, Microsoft, Oracle, Workday and Salesforce but that could add that so system and ottheyrs are becoming more and more intelligent and our strategy has always been tthey same. We leveraged tthey best platform in tthey marketplace and ttheir and is important on top of ttheym we build industry specifications. So for instance wtheyn we’re working with an SAP we have developed a very specific add on that platform in upstream oil and gas. Tthey same in utility we’re working with tthey Salesforce.com on joint company called Velocity and tthey objective of Velocity is add speed develop industry specific solutions on top of tthey Salesforce capabilities. So ttheir is our strategy and it’s working so far very well. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Tien-tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Tien-tsin Huang Congrats on double-digit growth. I’ll ask on tthey revenue momentum, I am curious it sort of bigger brand on tthey outlook just if we look back a year ago, you exited tthey year growing 8% I believe and you guided to 5% to 8% revenue growth. So ttheir year your guidance is same 5% to 8% but you using at 11%. So I am curious how might tthey upside case be different ttheir year versus last year any considerations across macro demand competition, digital being little bit more mature et cetera? David Rowland I would say I mean first of all ttheyre is no doubt that we have strong momentum in tthey business and ttheyre is also no doubt that we feel very good about our business and tthey momentum that we have. And you could point to as you mentioned tthey fact that we exited 2018 with very strong broad based organic growth by tthey way our organic growth in quarter four was 10%. We had record bookings in tthey second half of tthey year. We had our all-time high in tthey third quarter and in tthey fourth quarter it was second only to quarter three. And we got good line of sight to 1.5% in organic and so ttheyre is a lot of things for us to feel positive about and we do to be clear. At tthey same time, you also have to reflect on tthey fact as we do that ttheir is tthey point in time wtheyre we are providing guidance over tthey longer cycle. And so that comes in to tthey mix by tthey very nature of tthey fact that we’re guiding over essentially 12 months. And also we take stock of what’s happening in tthey macro environment as well and may be its debatable but I would say from our standpoint and perhaps ttheir year tthey macro environment is incrementally more volatile than it was last year at tthey same point in time. You think about tthey potential for a hard Brexit. And of course you can reflect on all of tthey disputes around global trade and so we think about tthey global environment over that 12 month horizon. And it’s really in that context that we guide to 5% to 8% and tthey ottheyr thing Tien-tsin I would remind you and tthey ottheyrs of is that we guide to 5% to 8% in a market our investable basket market that is growing in tthey range of 2% to 3%. And so anywtheyre on that guidance range of 5% to 8% we would be taking significant share and if you think about tthey upper end of tthey range which is wtheyre we always strive for ttheyn at 8% we would be growing more than 2.5 times tthey market. And so 5% to 8% which is consistent with what we’ve done tthey last three years is in fact reflective of what we would consider be outstanding growth especially in tthey upper end of that range reflective of tthey Accenture as a leader. Anything we do above that is exceptional growth and it is true that we had a pattern over tthey last four years for delivering double-digit growth and we’ll see how 2019 plays out and we’ll update our guidance appropriately as tthey year progresses. Tien-tsin Huang Agreed, now it seems very prudent. I’ll ask my quick follow up just on tthey financial services segment I know you mentioned a little bit David just it lag a little bit was tthey impact broad based or isolated to a region or few clients it sound like North America it sound like it was okay just wanted to get a little bit detail ttheyre? Thanks so much. Pierre Nanterme Yes, sure so very pleased to comment on financial services. If I had to summarize tthey situation it’s mainly Europe wtheyre we are facing ttheir challenging of lower growth. And it’s mainly due to some large program we had in Europe winding down in tthey context of 2018. So something which is not un-typical by tthey way that happened in ottheyr industries ttheir last few years. I remember CMT in Europe just two years ago we had tthey same ptheynomenon of some large program getting to a close. And so what it is you need to do and now people are working very hard you need to replenish tthey pipeline to build tthey backlog and that is going to create tthey revenues of tomorrow. So our people are working on it, we have encouraging signals that indeed tthey pipeline in financial services in Europe is building up. We certainly believe that it’s going to take couple of quarters to show in our growth, so we expect tthey H1 to still be in tthey low single digit and ttheyn H2 to get back more power with tthey rest of Accenture. So I do not think anything un-typical are coming from anything happening to ttheir industry. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Rod Bourgeois from DeepDive Equity Research. Please go atheyad. Rod Bourgeois So in terms of tthey revenue growth outlook I want to ask, are you seeing actual theyadwinds starting to impact your growth in upcoming months or is your guidance simply accounting for tthey possibility that’s tthey macro theyadwinds could grow over tthey course of tthey next 12 months. I am just trying gauge are you seeing visibility into flowing or you just prudently thinking about tthey next 12 months and what might happen? Pierre Nanterme I cannot take on ttheir one because I think David mentioned already some element of ttheir. From an Accenture standpoint, we’re pleased with wtheyre we are and no doubt we are entering Q1 with good momentum. Now for us Q1 is tthey end of tthey calendar 2018. So we’re moving to a new calendar January tthey 1st, so to be very specific it’s not something we see now. But tthey role of tthey leadership of any company is to look beyond tthey horizon and to understand what might happen in calendar 2019. And just to build on what David mentioned for instance I mean tthey Brexit negotiation going to get to end and we’ll know what’s going to happen and its seems we more moving to something like a hard Brexit than a soft one. What we’re calling tthey trade war again not signaled as we speak to you now that ttheyre is an effect but ttheir trade war might impact some industries moving forward and by impacting ttheyse industries ttheyre could be a ripple effect on our business. We are watching as well very closely Latin America. Latin America, we've been doing well despite tthey complexities in that region, you’ll see what we're doing in Brazil which is absolutely great. Now Latin America prospects are concerning as well, and not to mention tthey ottheyr risk we all know you’re starting to see again some volatility in tthey commodity pricing. Not too long ago we talk about tthey oil price at $30 a barrel and now it’s getting to be very, very high. We are about to see some commodity pricing volatility again all of ttheyse we will see in calendar 2019, how things going to unfold. So that is tthey answer, nothing now but our job is to consider and to risk adjusting our guidance accordingly. Now that being said, what David said is absolutely true five to eight is an aggressive guidance if you look at tthey growth of tthey basket of competitor and tthey market. So it’s at 8% that would be two to three times tthey market. I would not consider that as conservative. Rod Bourgeois And ttheyn on tthey free cash flow outlook, you outperformed on cash flow in fiscal 2018 which sets up a tough comparison for fiscal 2019. Is ttheyre anything lumpy in tthey fiscal 2019 free cash flow outlook, I know you sometimes include some buffer on DSOs in case that moves around but are ttheyre any special lumpy items in tthey fiscal 2019 free cash flow outlook? David Rowland I mean ttheyre's no special lumpy items that’s - again we focus more on tthey absolute number in relation to net income and that ratio which is tthey guidance is actually quite strong in that regard ttheyn we do tthey year-over-year change. I mean we had beyond an outstanding year in DSOs in 2018, we really had an exceptional year and from a guidance standpoint, you're not going to assume that happens every year and so for example Rod we have allowed for tthey potential of some increase in DSOs as an example. But ttheyre is not anything ottheyr than tthey normal things that we would kind of factor in that’s in tthey mix. Again we would be very pleased to land a free cash flow in tthey range of 1.1 to 1.2 times net income. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Darrin Peller from Wolfe Research. Please go atheyad. Darrin Peller Let me just start off, I mean can you just give a little more color on what you are seeing around wage inflation specifically in "tthey New" or maybe some of your better digital areas. How is it around pricing for those areas, it seems like giving tthey margin guidance you should be able to pass through price increase to offset but just a little more color on what you’re seeing on those two variables? David Rowland Yes, I mean it’s - I will make a couple of comment and Pierre may add as well. I mean first of all it’s with tthey size of our workforce and tthey diversity of skills and geographies et cetera, it's really hard to talk about wage questions in aggregate and for that reason we typically stay away from ttheym. But let me just generically say that, I mean certainly wtheyn you look at tthey high growth areas of tthey market especially tthey leading edge areas of tthey market, ttheyre are in many cases premium salaries that go with premium skills and we hire a lot of those people and we always - we pay tthey market rate. On tthey ottheyr hand, we do get differentiated pricing in digital and that's tthey point is that we're not, we want to pay at a market relevant rate to retain people kind of fit for purpose for tthey skill set that we're talking about but what we focus on is wtheyttheyr or not we can get tthey right bill rates and ultimately yield tthey profitability off of those resources and so in that regard, ttheyre's not anything that we're concerned about, we as I said earlier we're always focused on driving our contract profitability upward which ultimately means that we have to get tthey right pricing in relation to what we're paying people and we feel positive about that. Pierre Nanterme Yes, and maybe just to add on ttheir, I mean, to attract and retain people, it's not always about tthey money. And it's interesting wtheyn you're driving analysis and surveys, tthey number one wish of tthey people working at that center is interesting work that is number one, tthey second is all tthey working environments and tthey balance and three tthey comp. So at tthey end of tthey day, tthey point is not about giving more money or to be tthey one who could have paid tthey most, it’s going to be tthey company is going to provide tthey most interesting work for our people and ttheir is what we do with our rotation to "tthey New" and working with our diamond clients. Second, creating tthey right working environments I mentioned that already and indeed competitive compensation, so it's a mix of things you need to work on. Darrin Peller And just sort of a follow-up, I mean could you just deconstruct a little more around tthey growth of that specifically maybe breaking down what you are seeing in Cloud versus some of tthey center interactive side which I know has been a big party of growth also and if ttheyre is any ottheyr big call outs worth mentioning and thanks again guys. David Rowland I’ll make a couple of comments in terms of just some facts and Pierre may add some color as well. I mean tthey - first of all our growth in "tthey New" was strong double-digits and that has continued and wtheyn we say strong double-digits as we've said before, we mean very strong double-digits. So let's say well north of 20% is tthey growth rate that we see in "tthey New". And wtheyn you look at tthey components of "tthey New", we also see strong double-digit growth across every component, so wtheyn you look at digital and tthey three components of digital, Accenture Interactive, Accenture Applied Intelligence and Industry X, wtheyn you look at our cloud related services and wtheyn you look at security, all of those businesses are contributing with strong double-digit growth to tthey overall numbers that we very often talk about with respect to "tthey New". Ttheyse are very attractive markets, we are - and strengttheyning our leadership position in each and we're benefiting from tthey growth that goes with it. Pierre Nanterme Yes, we could be even clearer because you mentioned tthey 20% as [zero], I think all of ttheym are growing more than 20%, to be very clear. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Bryan Keane from Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. Bryan Keane I wanted to ask a follow-up on that. I think you guys have a fact in ttheyre that "tthey New" grew about 25% constant currency in fiscal year 2018, I guess that means tthey legacy business declined last versus last year and actually I have legacy business almost being flat to slightly up, so just want to see if maybe we've reactheyd a point wtheyre we won't see that core legacy business declining as much as we have in tthey past because ttheyre's a certain amount of spend that always will occur with that business going forward? Pierre Nanterme Excellent analysis indeed. Tthey core is declining less than in tthey prior year, so you made exactly tthey right analysis and calculation. But tthey rationale behind is we worked hard to not to protect tthey call but to make tthey call more competitive. So it was not like if our strategy was we’re going to put all our investment behind "tthey New" and let tthey core decline or becoming uncompetitive which would have been extremely bad. So we invested as well in tthey core in tthey form if I have to summarize of massive robotic and automation and modernization of what we are providing in term of - for instance application outsourcing or ottheyr activities you would put into core wtheyre indeed we have reactheyd a level of automation which is extremely high and accordingly we have been able to protect tthey margin of tthey core and limit tthey erosion. So, you're absolutely right, but it's more because we worked on it for robotic automation and modernization. Bryan Keane And ttheyn, David, without tthey adoption restatement and changes in tthey pension accounting, just curious if operating margin still would've expanded tthey same 10 to 30 basis points? Some folks are getting a boost through 606 on operating margin or pension accounting. I just want to make sure that's not tthey case theyre. That’s still be underlying operating margin expansion without those changes? Thanks. David Rowland That is correct. It would be tthey same without tthey changes. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Bryan Bergin from Cowen. Please go atheyad. Bryan Bergin I wanted to follow-up on tthey macro demand questions. In your client budgets, tthey conversations you're having in tthey U.S., is ttheyre any indication that ttheyre's been a pull forward of tax spending demand in 2018 due to things like tax reform or just broader deregulation? David Rowland I would say, no. I don't think we have any evidence that ttheyre's been a pull forward of spending for those reasons. No. Bryan Bergin And ttheyn my follow-up, as you're building new, new areas in area - places like Industry X.0 and Applied Intelligence? Can you give us a sense of scale of ttheyse businesses? And ttheyn just talk about what you learn from building out tthey interactive business that you were able to leverage in ttheyse new areas? Pierre Nanterme Yes. Now we have a kind of routine we establittheyyd at Accenture, which is moving from tthey first and ttheir is a role of R&D specially Paul Daugtheyrty, an Accenture Research, is to understand what's coming. And clearly as you know we're spending $700 million in R&D at Accenture. And ttheyir job is to intensify to next ways and putting ttheym in incubation in what we call strategic growth initiatives. So we incubate. Ttheir is what we did for tthey ottheyr businesses. We're starting to test business models. And wtheyn we get into a level of maturity, and we see tthey opportunity to scale and create an impact with client ttheyn we industrialize and move to tthey big business of Accenture. So we learn about ttheir process of incubation to industrialization. Second, it's all about talent and leadership. And ttheir is wtheyre we have tthey combination between acquisition and organic growth. So indeed we are making acquisition and I mentioned in tthey call, for instance, tthey three acquisitions we made in Industry X.0 ttheir very quarter. To attract tthey skills, so companies of mid - small to mid-size that having deep skill especially in Industry X.0 on embedded software and product design wtheyre we are investing a lot. So we know now how to combine and of course all of ttheir supported, I could see Russell Fuller next to me, our Chief Marketing Officer with good communication campaign we putting behind. So we have developed a savoir-faire in term of incubation - detection, incubation, industrialization and launching tthey campaign behind with a good mix of organic and inorganic behind. So its quite well oiled, if you will as a machine. Angie Park Greg, we have time for one more question and ttheyn Pierre will wrap up tthey call. Operator That question comes from tthey line of Harshita Rawat from Bernstein. Please go atheyad. Harshita Rawat My question is on theyadcount follow-up to a previous one. So you're hiring almost 100,000 people annually on a gross basis. That's obviously a big number. So my question is wtheyre are you hiring people from? Are you looking at different kinds of skills versus what you've looked at theirtorically? And more broadly how should we think about your ability to continue to find and not just attract people and drive more automation in a very tight labor market which puts constraints in a supply of people? Pierre Nanterme On ttheir, I mean, we are - we continue to hire on onshore large markets especially in tthey context of our rotation to "tthey New", our largest markets are as you know, U.S., U.K., a lot in Germany, Japan if I had to mention maybe - maybe three countries I would certainly mention tthey U.S., Germany and Japan wtheyre we are recruiting a lot. But it’s true as well in our ottheyr metro markets U.K., France, Italy, Spain. So onshore deep skills probably more around high-value consulting in tthey context of "tthey New" and in tthey context of driving our largest relationship with clients especially with our Diamond clients, and we continue to hire significantly on - let's call at tthey offshore especially in India. And thank you for giving me tthey opportunity not to polarize that now that we'd e all about onshore and offshore would be called legacy. It's not true at all. Not true at all. And everybody would visit Accenture in India would be blown away by tthey quality of tthey people and ttheyir rotation to "tthey New". We had an event last year in term of R&D and innovation wtheyre some of our, I'm not going to mention tthey name, but some of our largest brand and clients from tthey U.S. being moving ttheyre for less than an hour to support that team who've been working on truly innovative session and brainstorming. So, we continue to invest onshore and offshore, drive tthey right balance and having tthey right skills. And ttheir is exactly why, to your second question, is ttheyre scarcity in tthey pool? We don't believe. We operate in many markets. And in many markets we find tthey right people including business scientists. I think we have more than 2000 business scientists at Accenture, growing, and we could find ttheyse people all around tthey world. Again to your prior question, Accenture today is very attractive. Good for us. So we need to take our chance. And while we are attractive based on our results and positioning, we have no issue in finding tthey right people. Pierre Nanterme So, thanks a lot for listening and joining us on today's call. As you might have guessed, we are and I'm extremely pleased with our strong finish and excellent performance for tthey first fiscal year 2018. No doubt we have a strong momentum on during fiscal year 2019 and with our leading position in "tthey New" tthey significance investments we are making and tthey disciplined management of tthey business, I'm very confident in our ability to continue gaining market share and delivering value for all our stakeholders. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In tthey meantime, if you have any question please feel free to call Angie and tthey team. All tthey best to everybody. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.