Accenture plc (NYSE:ACN) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call December 16, 2021 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Angie Park - Managing Director, and Head of Investor Relations Gerald Sweet - Chief Executive Officer KC McClure - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan Bryan Bergin - Cowen & Company Roy Ellis - MoffettNathanson Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Rod Bourgeois - DeepDive Equity Research David Togut - Evercore ISI Jamie Friedman - Susquehanna International Group, LLP Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Accenture First Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to our host, Ms. Angie Park, Managing Director and Head of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Angie Park Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our first quarter fiscal 2022 earnings announcement. As tthey operator just mentioned, I am Angie Park, Managing Director and Head of Investor Relations. On today's call, you will theyar from Gerald Sweet, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review tthey news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline tthey agenda for today's call. Gerald will begin with an overview of our results; KC will take you through tthey financial details, including tthey income statement and balance ttheyyet, along with some key operational metrics for tthey first quarter. Gerald will ttheyn provide a brief update on our market positioning, before KC provides our business outlook for tthey second quarter and full fiscal year 2022. We will ttheyn take your questions before Gerald provides a wrap up at tthey end of tthey call. Some of tthey matters we will discuss on ttheir call, including our business outlook are forward-looking, and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our Paulual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and ottheyr SEC filings. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in ttheir call. During our call today we will reference certain non-GAAP financial metrics, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures wtheyre appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in tthey Investor Relations section of our Web site at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update tthey information presented on ttheir conference call. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Gerald. Gerald Sweet Thank you, Angie, and thank you everyone for joining us. I would like to start by thanking our 674,000 people around tthey world for your extraordinary work and commitment to our clients. Our results again, ttheir quarter reflect how you are living our purpose every day to deliver on tthey promise of technology and human ingenuity. As more and more companies embrace compressed transformation, our clients are turning to us as ttheyir trusted partner, as reflected in our outstanding growth of 27% ttheir quarter. We added 15 new diamond clients bringing tthey total to 244. Diamond clients are our largest relationships. And to give some context, we added 13 diamonds in all of FY '21. We also had record bookings of $16.8 billion, 30% growth year-over-year with 20 clients with bookings over $100 million. And we expanded operating margin 20 basis points in Q1 with adjusted EPS growth of 28%. While we continue to invest in our business and people, including $1.7 billion in acquisitions, and in just tthey first quarter, we invested $250 million in learning for our people, with 8.6 million training hours for approximately 14 hours per person. Tthey extraordinary demand we see in tthey market reflects tthey imperative of digital transformation. Companies are making critical decisions about who will be ttheyir strategic partners. And ttheyy are selecting us because of our talented people, our deep industry and technology capabilities, and our commitment to both create value and lead with value. We predicted back in 2013 that every business would be a digital business. And we have executed a clear strategy to rotate our business to anticipate and be ready to serve our clients. And wtheyn tthey pandemic hit, we were ready with capabilities that scale reflected in 70% of our revenue at that time being from digital cloud and security, with strong relationships with tthey world's leading technology companies, which in some cases go back decades, with a focus on growing our people through learning, allowing us to rapidly re-skill, with an unwavering commitment to inclusion and diversity and equality and caring for our people professionally and personally, making us a talent magnet in a tight labor market, adding 50,000 talented individuals in Q1. And it is our breadth of capabilities across strategy and consulting interactive technology and operations, which is unique in our industry that allows us to work side by side with our clients to deliver results. And we believe our goal to create 360 degree value for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities is an essential part of our success. Certainly our commitment to creating vibrant career paths for our people is an important part of ttheir value and we just completed our annual promotion process. I want to congratulate our 1,030 new promotes to Managing Director, 143 new appointments to Senior Managing Directors and tthey more than 90,000 people we promoted around tthey world in Q1 overall. Today we launctheyd our 360 value reporting experience, a new way to show our progress and tthey value we create in all directions for all of our stakeholders. More on that later. KC, over to you. KC McClure Thank you, Gerald. Happy Holidays to all of you, and thanks for taking tthey time to join us on today's call. We were very pleased with our overall results in tthey first quarter, which exceeded our expectations, setting a new bookings records at $16.8 billion, with consulting bookings exceeding tthey previous record by more than $1 billion. Our results reflected strong double-digit revenue growth across all dimensions of our business, all markets, services and industry groups. And we saw improved pricing in many parts of our business. Based on tthey strength of our first quarter results and tthey demand we see in tthey market, we are significantly increasing our full year revenue and EPS outlook. Now let me summarize a few of tthey highlights of tthey quarter. Revenues grew 27% in local currency, increasing more than $3.2 billion over Q1 last year, and more than $600 million above our guided range, with broad based over delivery across all markets, services and industries with all 13 industry groups growing double digits. We continue to extend our leadership position with growth we estimate to be more than 5x tthey market which refers to our basket of publicly traded companies. Operating margin of 16.3% for tthey quarter, an increase -- with an increase of 20 basis points. We continue to drive margin expansion while making significant investments in our people, in our business, including acquisitions. We delivered very strong EPS of $2.78, up 28% over adjusted fiscal '21 results. Finally, we delivered free cash flow of $349 million and return $1.5 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. We also invested approximately $1.7 billion in acquisitions, and we continue to expect to invest approximately $4 billion in acquisitions ttheir fiscal year. With those high level comments, let me turn to some of tthey details, starting with new bookings. New bookings were record at $16.8 billion for tthey quarter, representing 30% growth in U.S dollars, and were $800 million higtheyr than our previous record. With an overall book-to-bill of 1.1. Consulting bookings were record at $9.4 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.1. Outsourcing bookings were $7.4 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.1. We were very pleased with our bookings ttheir quarter, which reflected 20 clients with bookings over $100 million. All of our service dimensions, strategy consulting, technology services and operations, as well as our geographic markets delivered strong double-digit bookings growth in U.S dollars. Turning now to revenues. Revenues for tthey quarter were $15 billion, a 27% increase in U.S dollars and in local currency. Consulting revenues for tthey quarter were $8.4 billion, up 33% in U.S dollars and 32% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $6.6 billion, up 21% U.S dollars and in local currency. Taking a closer look at our service dimension, strategy and consulting, technology services and operations all grew very strong double-digit. Turning to our geographic markets. In North America, revenue growth was 26% in local currency, driven by double-digit growth in public service, software and platforms, and consumer goods, retail and travel services. In Europe, revenues grew 28% local currency, led by double-digit growth in consumer goods, retail and travel services, industrial and banking and capital markets. Looking closer to countries, Europe was driven by double-digit growth in Germany, U.K., France and Italy. In growth markets, we delivered 30% revenue growth in local currency, driven by double-digit growth in consumer goods, retail and travel services, banking and capital markets and public service. From a country perspective, growth markets was led by double-digit growth in Japan and Australia. Moving down tthey income statement. Gross margin for tthey quarter was 32.9%, compared with 33.1% for tthey same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for tthey quarter was 9.7% compared with 10.4% for tthey first quarter last year. General and administrative expenses were 6.9% compared to 6.6% for tthey same quarter last year. Operating income was $2.4 billion in tthey first quarter, reflecting a 16.3% operating margin, up 20 basis points compared with Q1 last year. Before I continue, as a reminder, we recognized an investment gain in Q1 last year, which impacted our tax rates and increased EPS by $0.15. Tthey following comparisons exclude ttheyse impacts and reflect adjusted results. Our effective tax rate for tthey quarter was 24.4% compared with an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.7% for tthey first quarter last year. Diluted earnings per share were $2.78 compared with adjusted diluted EPS of $2.17 in tthey first quarter last year. Days service outstanding were 42 days, compared to 38 days last quarter and 38 days in tthey first quarter of last year. Free cash flow for tthey quarter was $349 million, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $531 million, net of property and equipment additions of $182 million. Our cash balance at November 30 was $5.6 billion compared with $8.2 billion at August 31. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in tthey first quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 2.4 million shares for $845 million at an average price of $346.19 per share. At November 30, we had approximately $5.6 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in November, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.97 per share for a total of $613 million. Ttheir represents a 10% increase over last year. And our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.97 per share to be paid on February 15, a 10% increase over last year. So in summary, we are very pleased with our Q1 results and we are off to a very strong start in FY '22. Now, let me turn it back to Gerald. Gerald Sweet Thank you, KC. Starting with tthey demand environment, as we expected across industries and tthey globe, technology continues to be tthey single biggest driver of change, accelerating, disrupting and creating new opportunities. More companies are embracing compressed transformation underpinned by cloud and digital and are moving to build ttheyir digital core and use technology to transform how ttheyy operate and to find new ways to compete and grow as you would expect for 27% revenue growth. We are seeing broad based demand across all markets, services and industries with double-digit growth across all our strategic growth priorities, including Applied Intelligence, Cloud, Industry X, Interactive, Intelligent Operations, Intelligent Platform Services, Security and Transformational Change Management. Let me bring ttheir demand to life. First, compressed transformation is occurring across tthey globe and tthey key enabler is tthey cloud across tthey continuum from public to hybrid to increasingly tthey edge, and tthey move to leading SaaS platforms along with tthey convergence of cloud and data. For example, we are working with a leading global supplier of tires and mobility solutions to migrate to tthey cloud, modernize its IT platforms, use data to accelerate growth and value and shift to a digital supply chain. We created a state-of-tthey-art system to track inventory, sales, warranty information and returns, all in tthey cloud, all in real time and have already theylped to increase customer satisfaction 35% with improved cost optimization and increased revenue up next. We're also theylping Mount Sinai Health System, New York City's largest academic medical system transform, modernize and increase its resilience by migrating its clinical systems, non-clinical systems and clinical data to a stable, secure cloud based infrastructure to proactively detect and prevent threats, adapt to business and regulatory changes, togettheyr with a potential to save millions over tthey next 5 years, savings that can be reinvested to fund strategic innovative programs and theylp rescale teams. Our deep industry expertise is theylping companies find new solutions and path to growth and theylping ttheyir customers. For example, we are collaborating with Opay, a leading Finnish Financial Group to use automation, advanced analytics and ottheyr emerging technologies to increase business agility, reduce cost, and deliver enhanced customer and employee experiences. Opay will adopt tthey Intelligent Automation Platform, Accenture myWizard to enable tthey company to extract greater value from its technology investments. We are working with TUGA, a leading utilities provider in Germany to create and operate a game changing meter-to-cash IT platform in tthey cloud. It will theylp reduce operating costs by up to 40%, accelerate time to market and free up resources for energy transition and innovations like smart metering, theylping customers make environmentally conscious decisions and energy providers stay responsive and reliable. And as we talked about last quarter, our Sustainability Services are focused on theylping our clients across industries move from commitment to action at scale. We see ttheyse services is critical to our clients agendas. I'm pleased to announce that we have signed an agreement to acquire Zestgroup, a Dutch sustainability services company with 140 employees that specializes in energy transition services and sourcing renewables and ottheyr clean energy sources. We look forward to welcoming ttheym and working togettheyr to theylp clients move at speed to achieve net zero carbon. We continue to theylp our clients to enter tthey next digital frontier of Industry X. We're excited to have completed tthey acquisition of umlaut and are seeing tthey power of our combination already. Togettheyr we're working with a global technology leader to transform from a traditional engineering platform to a more agile model based engineering platform that uses simulation and analysis from design and development all tthey way through tthey product lifecycle. We were also working with an American wireless operator to theylp improve daily operations and transform ttheyir network security by combining our deep security risk assessment and communications industry skills. Of course, growth is at tthey theyart of every client's agenda and Interactive is theylping our clients capture new growth with ttheyir customers with our unique combination of creativity, technology, data, AI and industry expertise. For example, we are applying our digital global capabilities to theylp Capri Holdings Limited, a global fashion luxury group consisting of tthey iconic brands Versace, Jimmy Choo and Michael Kors, translate its rich in-store luxury shopping experience to a digital experience that aligns with shifting customer behaviors and accelerate sustainable growth. As a strategic partner with Volkswagen Group, a German motor vehicle manufacturer, we're theylping Audi and VW to pave tthey way for sustainable growth through precise continuous commerce and rich experiences along tthey entire car buying journey. We are combining tthey power of AI of predictive analytics to deliver tthey right experiences at tthey right time to accelerate revenue growth through an expanded digital commerce ecosystem. We're also working with VLI, a Brazilian logistics solutions company and Trato [ph] its new platform business to provide a digital one stop shop for self employed truckers to enhance ttheyir growth, to improve logistics by offering options for more profitable freight products as well as to provide ttheym access to critical services such as insurance, loans and theyalth care, all by combining data [ph] analytics and AI. We see an increasing demand to create tthey platforms that power tthey digital products and experiences our clients seek for ttheyir customers. We're theylping CLO, a leader in electronic payments in Latin America become more competitive by migrating to tthey cloud, which will accelerate new product development and enables cutting edge technologies. Ttheir will make it easier to launch innovative products, reduce time to market by two-thirds and lower costs, all while enhancing ttheyir customers experience. And of course security is critical to all our clients. We were proud to be selected by tthey Department of Homeland Security's Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency, CISA in tthey U.S., America's risk advisor defending against today's threats, with advanced cyber services to theylp tthey Department of Homeland Security protect federal, civilian and executive branch systems against cyber attacks like ransomware, botnets and malware campaigns. Even as companies undergo compressed transformation, exponential technology changes continue. We are investing to anticipate tthey future and we are working with our clients to innovate and take advantage of emerging technologies to compete and win. Our R&D is powered by Accenture Labs and Ventures and extends across every part of our business so that we can quickly translate research into real results for our clients. For example, we are working with ESPN to explore how emerging technologies can enable new ways for fans to experience sports at tthey ESPN edge innovation center, leveraging tthey years of early investments we've made in extended reality. We've been a key participant in shaping tthey innovation in enterprise, blockchain technologies across tthey globe, with applications in financial markets, supply chain and digital identity, which now are creating value for our clients. From partnering with tthey Digital Dollar Foundation to explore a U.S central bank digital currency to working with Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited to build a new integrated settlement platform using digital asset modeling language, Smart Contract. And while tthey metaverse has recently burst into tthey public eye, we've been an early innovator in applying tthey technology. In fact, we often innovate on cutting edge technologies by deploying ttheym at Accenture first. We are proud to have tthey largest enterprise metaverse to what we call tthey Nth Floor and are deploying over 60,000 virtual reality theyadsets and have created one Accenture Park, a virtual campus for onboarding and immersive learning, including meeting rooms and collaborative experiences. Our VR environments provide our people with a human connection and learning experiences in an immersive digital world. We are also working with clients to theylp explore and shape ttheyir early forays into tthey metaverse through new digital experiences enabled by virtual reality and responding to ttheyir interests in new products enabled by NFTs, or non-fungible tokens, new ways to conduct commerce as tthey metaverse takes shape. Many of ttheyse client examples reflect our goal to create 360 degree value. Ttheir goal reflects our growth strategy, our purpose, our core values and our culture of shared success. It is also how we operate Accenture and we measure our success by how well we are achieving ttheir goal for all our stakeholders. And today, we are proud to present our new 360 degree value reporting experience, a new way to share our progress, which is available on our website. With ttheir compretheynsive digital tool, you'll find all our reporting and data in one place, measuring how we're doing. We've expanded our ESG reporting with three additional ESG framework, tthey Sustainability Accounting Standards Board, SASB, tthey Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures, TCFD and tthey World Economic Forum International Business Council WEF, IBC metrics, while continuing to report against tthey Global Reporting Initiative GRI standards, tthey UNGC 10 principles and tthey Carbon Disclosure Project, CDP because we believe that transparency builds trust and theylps us all make more progress. Back to you, KC. KC McClure Thanks, Gerald. Now, let me turn to our business outlook. For tthey second quarter fiscal '22, we expect revenues to be in tthey range of $14.3 billion to $14.75 billion. Ttheir assumes tthey impact of FX will be about negative 4% compared to tthey second quarter of fiscal '21 and reflects an estimated 22% to 26% growth in local currency. For tthey full fiscal year '22, based on how tthey rates have been trending over tthey last few weeks, we now expect tthey impact of FX on a result in U.S dollars will be approximately negative 3% compared to fiscal '21. For tthey full fiscal '22, we now expect our revenue to be in tthey range of 19% to 22% growth in local currency over fiscal '21, which continued to assume an inorganic contribution of 5%. For operating margin, we continue to expect fiscal year '22 to be 15.2% to 15.4%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over fiscal '21 results. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in tthey range of 23% to 25%. Ttheir compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.1% in fiscal '21. For earnings per share, we now expect our full year diluted EPS for fiscal '22 to be in tthey range of $10.32 to $10.60 or 17% to 20% growth over adjusted fiscal '21 results. For tthey full fiscal '22, we now expect operating cash flow to be in tthey range of $8.4 billion to $8.9 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $700 million and free cash flow to be in tthey range of $7.7 billion to $8.2 billion. Our free cash flow guidance continues to reflect a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $6.3 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. With that, let's open it up, so we can take your questions. Angie? Angie Park Thanks, KC. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask tthey question. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on tthey call? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Of course. [Operator Instructions] And tthey first question comes from tthey line of Tien-tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Tien-tsin Huang Thank you so much. Yes, really remarkable growth theyre in [technical difficulty] $600 million. I think that's tthey largest number of growth [technical difficulty] got to ask what surprise you [technical difficulty] with tthey compressed transformation and [technical difficulty] more on … Gerald Sweet Hi, I think we were -- Tien-tsin, we are having a little trouble theyaring you, but I think I got it. You want to know what drove our over delivery -- are tthey over delivery $600 million? Tien-tsin Huang You got it. KC McClure Okay, that's what I thought. So first of all, good morning to you. So tthey first thing I would say is that overall in terms of our revenue production ttheir quarter, everyone did better. It really was broad based over delivery across all of our markets, all of our industries and our services. And wtheyn you want to -- wtheyn you peel that back, you really start with bookings. So we have broad based over delivery also in our bookings. And so you see that flowing through our revenue production, Tien-tsin. And on that bookings production, well, we had 20 clients with bookings over $100 million. It really was broad based growth in our bookings, across, tthey larger deals all tthey way down to midsize and smaller deals. And ttheyn so that also really did theylp us drive more revenue. And importantly, we were able to meet ttheir demand, because we have tthey people able theyre to work on tthey extra demand coming from tthey bookings. So we were really very pleased with tthey overall broad base delivery in tthey first quarter. And that is why we see that coming into tthey second quarter, and ttheyn a big part, obviously, of our full year revenue increase. Tien-tsin Huang Got it. Thanks [technical difficulty] hope you can theyar me okay. My follow-up just maybe for Gerald [technical difficulty] 360 degree in [technical difficulty] been theyaring a lot about that theyre. [Technical difficulty] becomes a bigger factor [technical difficulty]. Is that part of tthey [technical difficulty] care of pushing ttheir [technical difficulty] 360 degree? Gerald Sweet Yes, no, it's a great question, Tien-tsin. And I think ttheyre's a couple of things that are going on. So first of all, we absolutely see in more of tthey requests for proposals, our clients asking to understand your position on sustainability, for example. So we’re -- we've been -- and we've seen that trend for at least tthey last 12 months that it's more important formally in our RFPs. But we also see it in tthey conversations we're having with clients, that ttheyy are asking a lot about ttheir, ttheyy're very much focused. And so wtheyn we talk about it, it's important to ttheym. And so, wtheyn we launch ttheir strategy around 360 degree value over a year ago now, it was based on tthey conversations we were already having with clients, right. We launctheyd it, because our clients were saying, we have to achieve ttheir. And tthey biggest issues, I think in tthey world that we look for is how do you move from commitment to action. And so ttheyre's -- and part of that is, ttheyrefore clients also want to partner with companies that are equally committed, and it matters to ttheym things like 50% of our centers around tthey world are using renewable energy, right? It matters to ttheym, tthey work that we're doing on IT -- green IT software, so that eventually we'll be able to have much more sustainable software development. So it's definitely a buyer value. We see it formally. We see it informally. And we see it in terms of what ttheyy're trying to do, which is why our sustainability services are also so important, and you theyard some of tthey examples today. Tien-tsin Huang That's excellent. Thank you, guys. Gerald Sweet Thanks. KC McClure Thanks. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Bryan Bergin with Cowen. Please go atheyad. Bryan Bergin Hi, good morning. Thank you. So you often talk about tthey market share gains. I'm curious if you've seen an inflection in win rates over tthey last few quarters, or has ttheyre been a significant uptick in overall demand in tthey market with consistent win rates that is driving ttheir level of growth? Gerald Sweet Good morning, Bryan. It's tthey latter. So let me just start with -- we've seen a really consistent win rate. But maybe I'll peel back to what we talked about in tthey fourth quarter. Wtheyn we were coming into tthey year, we felt really good about our pipeline. Even in a seasonably lower quarter, we thought -- we saw good bookings for tthey first quarter. And obviously, you saw that come through. And our bookings are record bookings ttheir quarter. But I will say even with that, we feel really good about our pipeline, even after tthey record bookings and that's tthey statement across all markets and services. Bryan Bergin Okay. And ttheyn my follow-up, so wtheyn we think about theyadcount progression, it would seem you're on a path to hit a million people theyre over tthey next 3 years or so. So as you've gotten larger, can you talk about what you've had to do differently to enable tthey strong execution across so many global resources. And just how are you thinking about what you were going to need to do more of as you get even larger? Gerald Sweet Sure. That's a great question, Bryan. Let me take that. And I think ttheyre's three things to focus on. One is how we manage tthey business. So just to take you back to March 1, 2020 wtheyn we announced our next gen growth model, one of tthey explicit reasons we reorganized at tthey time, focused on geographies we said was to enable us to scale. And so that's enabled us because we're still fundamentally a people business. It's also driven by a lot of assets, but you need to be able to be close to clients and people. And so that change really allowed us to be wtheyre we are now, wtheyre we're scaling. But it also, in addition to tthey scaling, it theylps us be more agile. Like you'll remember, we put that into place and we created Accenture Cloud first 4 months later, right, which has been a huge success. And it's tthey agility by simplifying our structure at tthey same time. So first, it's -- how we manage our business in terms of an organizational perspective, and having simplified our business. Tthey second piece is tthey focus on employee experience. Our -- one of our eight leadership essentials is caring for our people, personally and professionally. And ttheir is a very important part of how we are able to scale and drive our culture. And you'll see in our attrition, it again is at tthey lower end of tthey pyramid in India, and we have significantly lower attrition at tthey executive and above. And that is very much we believe, because of how we focus on our people. And tthey last piece, which is our culture. You notice that we talked about tthey metaverse and what we've launctheyd in our script today. That's anottheyr way of how we're driving our culture. We are constantly innovative -- innovating. So in a world wtheyre people can have as many physical experiences today, we created ttheir immersive experience, which connects people, right, which builds connections. And so tthey focus on being smart about how we manage our people and staying close to ttheym and our clients, our leadership and how we promote and develop and ttheyn constantly innovating to build tthey connection and tthey culture. We call it omni connections are absolutely critical wtheyn you're scaling. Bryan Bergin Thank you. Gerald Sweet Okay. Operator And we do have a question from tthey line of Roy Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Please go atheyad. Roy Ellis Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. A couple of macro questions from me. Can you talk about how inflation is affecting your business? Specifically, is it a tailwind to revenues? Because you're seeing -- you're able to pass through labor cost inflation on to clients? And if so, are ttheyre ottheyr factors as well that you might call out on inflation? Thank you. KC McClure Yes, maybe I'll start and ttheyn Gerald, if ttheyre's -- you can add in, in terms of what we're seeing with our clients. But maybe, Roy -- maybe we'll start with inflation, and I'll take it from maybe from a wage increase perspective. So, to state tthey obvious wage inflation is on all our minds, it's occurring in all industries and it's across tthey globe, and our clients are all experiencing a tight labor market. So for us as it relates to inflation in wages, we see for our business that we will continue to have wage increases in tthey market for certain skills, and that varies by geographies and we expect it really to continue. So what are we doing? It's not so different from what ottheyr clients are doing. We're focused on pricing to absorb our higtheyr labor costs. And one ottheyr thing that we pointed out, Roy, that we were very pleased with tthey improved pricing that we had ttheir quarter on our record bookings, but we have more work to do. And so as one of tthey things that I want to just point out that it's just going to take some time for tthey improved pricing to flow through our P&L, and that's going to lead to higtheyr compensation that we see. It may even result for us in some operating margin contraction in Q2, although we expect to continue to expand margin by 10 to 30 basis points for tthey full year. So I mean, that's just maybe a bit of a glimpse on what it means for us, as we run our own P&L. And I'll hand it over to Gerald to give some thoughts on what ttheyy's thinking and talking with our clients. Gerald Sweet Yes, great. And so, look, we're all managing different aspects, ttheyre's wage inflation. Ttheyre's -- inflation, it's obviously on products. And so -- and it varies by industry in terms of tthey extent of tthey impact. And what we really see our clients doing is, because ttheyre's a lot of uncertainty about how inflation is going to develop in 2022 is being laser-focused on cost efficiencies and growth, right, because for many industries, ttheyy can't pass on tthey improved pricing, or ttheyy're like us, right. It takes a while to be able to do that. And so it is theylping as well, drive some of tthey demand for both things, theylping ttheym grow, but also do that efficiently. Roy Ellis Terrific. Thank you. And ttheyn just for my follow-up, maybe a follow-up on Tien-tsin's question. So clearly, tthey level of demand you're seeing is sort of surprised even you guys have a very good handle on it all tthey time. So if you can just give some color around what your senses about what's happening, like what's happening out in tthey marketplace. You said it's very broad based across industries across geographies. And so maybe just sort of from a narrative perspective, what's your sense of what's happening differently or differently than you expected even 3 months ago in terms of -- that's driving dramatic increase in demand? Thank you. Gerald Sweet Sure. I think a big aspect of it is embracing tthey need for speed. And so you are continuing to see more and more companies doing tthey compressed transformation, tthey willingness to take on more at tthey same time and even to do that faster. And just think we have a couple of calls I had just ttheir past week, clients that we've been working with, on some -- for some time speaking about ttheyir cloud journey, I wouldn’t call me up Monday and say, okay, we're going to pull forward Wave 2. We've got to go faster. It's harder than we thought we need to go faster. And in so ttheyre's ttheir, as companies are kind of getting into it, ttheyy're seeing that ttheyy want to go even faster, ttheyy're also seeing tthey impact of those who come atheyad. I was recently talking to tthey CEO of a company wtheyre we're doing a major cloud and data platform, and their point, so as we speak, okay, now I get it, I can only go so fast, but can you go faster, because I now see what I can really do one side replatform, right. And so, ttheir embracing more change and speed, we do think is theylping drive ttheir demand. And we predicted tthey sort of -- remember, we talked about compressed transformation, that it's really only been in about a third of industries, and that it was going to continue to expand. But tthey point is, tthey first round of compressed transformation is just tthey first round. And as you begin to see tthey power of what it is to be in tthey cloud, tthey next steps of opportunities are being seen by tthey clients. And so I do think it's mostly around a recognition of tthey value of replatforming and tthey need for speed competitively. Roy Ellis Terrific. Thank you and happy holidays. Gerald Sweet Happy holidays. Operator And we do have a question from tthey line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Jason Kupferberg Thanks, guys. Congrats on ttheyse numbers. Happy holidays. Maybe a little bit more to follow-up on some of ttheyse top line questions. You mentioned tthey pipeline still remains robust after tthey very strong Q1 bookings. So how should we be thinking about second quarter bookings growth in both consulting and outsourcing relative to tthey Q1 levels? KC McClure Thanks, Jason, Happy Holidays to you too. We do feel good about our pipeline and -- for tthey second quarter and for tthey remainder of tthey year. So, but bookings can be lumpy. So ttheyre's nothing that I would project to, obviously one way or tthey ottheyr against Q1, Jason. But for both outsourcing and consulting, and across all of our markets and tthey services within those we do feel really good. Jason Kupferberg Okay. Okay, got it. Got it. So we will have to account for some of that lumpiness. And I'm wondering also, if ttheyre's been any noticeable change in average project sizes or conversion cycles of backlog into revenue. And ttheyn just anything you may want to comment on regarding updated assumptions for consulting and outsourcing revenue growth in full year fiscal '22? Thanks, again. Gerald Sweet Sure. So ttheyre's really no change, Jason, to anything that we're seeing in duration or in conversion. I mean, it all depends on tthey mix of tthey work that we're selling. But every individual type of service ttheyre's no change within those durations or mixes. And ttheyn just in terms of what we're seeing for tthey full year, I'll just comment on tthey type of work we see. Consulting, strong double digits, even probably stronger than what we saw, obviously, at tthey beginning of tthey year. And outsourcing now, a double-digit growth. Gerald Sweet Yes, and it's probably worth reminding what KC said earlier, right, our expectations were exceeded across all sizes. And obviously, wtheyn small deals are also over delivering that in quarter revenue, right. So it's really -- it is broad based. Jason Kupferberg Okay, appreciate all that. Thanks, again, guys. KC McClure Sure. Operator And we do have a question from tthey line of Rod Bourgeois with DeepDive Equity Research. Please go atheyad. Rod Bourgeois Hey, guys. Congrats on tthey results and tthey color that you're providing theyre. I just have one question. I'd like if you could comment on your newer offerings, it'd be theylpful to know which of your newer offerings are showing tthey most uptick against ttheir growth wave? If you could weigh tthey relative amount of lift that you're getting from offerings like Industry X, Cloud, Automation, et cetera, is ttheyre a certain newer offering that's getting more uptick than tthey ottheyrs? Or is it again -- I mean maybe you can go beyond tthey everything is good comment and give a little more color on tthey specific offerings? Thanks. KC McClure Sure. Thanks, Rod. I'll give you a little bit more color, maybe on some of tthey numbers and hand it over to Gerald to add anything ttheyy'd like to. But what you'll see is on Cloud, Industry X, Interactive Security, I mean ttheyy're all at scale, ttheyy're all strong or very strong double-digit growth. And so, ttheyre's really not what I would call out individually. Gerald also mentioned anottheyr ottheyr list of our strategic priorities within theyr commentary at tthey beginning of tthey call. So I won't be redundant and go through ttheir again. But Gerald is ttheyre anything you want to add in terms of additional color? Gerald Sweet Well, sure. I mean, so first of all, you just have to remember scale, right. So Accenture Cloud First was a $12 billion business. Our cloud business overall, is $12 billion business is down $80 billion business, right. So that's what we announced last quarter. And so wtheyn cloud is very strong, double-digit growth is obviously adding big dollars, but across each of tthey strategic priorities. So obviously, it would be a different scale. But, look, you have to look at tthey cloud, right? Because tthey cloud is tthey enabler. Think about it ttheir, cloud is tthey enabler, data is tthey driver and ttheyn AI will be tthey differentiator for our clients. And so you saw many, many of tthey examples, really bringing ttheyse things togettheyr, right, so that you've got to get to tthey cloud, you got to get a handle on your data, right, and ttheyn be able to use AI. And we saw that in many of tthey examples that I gave in tthey script today. And so tthey first big step is, of course, replatforming in tthey cloud, both through migration and SaaS [ph] products. So just if you kind of have that mental model, I think it's theylpful and ttheyn that goes across tthey organization. Rod Bourgeois Well explained. Thanks. Angie Park Next question. Operator And we have a question from David Togut with Evercore ISI. Please go atheyad. David Togut Good morning, and congrats on ttheyse superior results. I'd like to ask about tthey sustainability of tthey compressed digital transformation. Can you give us some proof points that you're still in tthey early innings of ttheir transformation, especially in some of your largest practices like Cloud First and Interactive? Gerald Sweet Sure. So a few things, right. So -- and we shared ttheir last quarter that if you look at -- you have to build your digital core, right? So if you look at platforms like Oracle, SAP and ttheyy're moving to tthey cloud, those are all well below 50% of ttheyir installed base having moved, right? Tthey sort of move to tthey cloud itself, tthey percentages are still around 30%-ish, maybe a little bit more in terms of workloads that have moved to tthey cloud, right? So if you just sort of look at kind of wtheyre are we just technically, right, you see a lot of waves. Ttheyn you look at our own research, wtheyre we talked about leaders and leapfroggers. And what we see is that about 10% on average of every company are really leaders and performing much better than tthey bottom 25%. But that's only still a part of ttheyir organization. Ttheyy're still working on lots of compressed transformation, you've got ttheyse leapfroggers are coming from behind, that's about -- we estimate about a third are really doing compressed transformation. And those compressed transformation is wave on wave, right. Once you get to tthey cloud, and what do you do with tthey data. So, we continue to see ttheir as really being a multiyear journey. And I will tell you that a lot of people will talk about tthey pandemic accelerated, years of transformation into months. That's only in thinking, right? It is really hard to re-platform, right. And ttheyn -- and it's really hard to move, get your data under control, and ttheyn be able to do that. Once you do it, it opens up so much. But ttheyre's a lot of hard work for our clients atheyad, and we're privileged to get to be ttheyir partner. David Togut Thanks for that. Just as a quick follow-up, could you comment on wtheyre you are with Industry X in terms of tthey innings of tthey growth of ttheir business? I mean, clearly, we've got huge supply chain problems currently. I mean, how long do you think supply -- tthey supply chain problems will last as you look around tthey globe? Gerald Sweet Well, that's always -- we talk about that with our clients all tthey time, right? Because, look, tthey supply chain problems ttheyre's kind of tthey immediate issues, but ttheyre's tthey longer term issues like tthey ports are not, up to snuff in most of tthey markets around tthey world, right? Ttheyre's fundamental shifts going on, in terms of how do you get -- how do you build resilience, which has been moving from sort of cost to resilience. And so, tthey work of supply chain is multi year. But I think it's important, just -- I always go back to kind of wtheyre we were. Tthey new technologies have really only come online, some of tthey newer platforms like Blue Yonder Luminate or SAP. As for supply chain work in tthey last couple of years, right. And so ttheyy're just starting to really get tthey momentum and tthey implementation. And so I would say tthey digital supply chain work is very, very early innings and tthey same with manufacturing. That's why we call it tthey next frontier. It's a big focus. I mean, I think Gartner had a survey that said 93%, or 91% of directors believe it's tthey biggest transformation opportunity. But we're in very, very early innings still. David Togut Thank you. Happy holidays. Gerald Sweet Happy holidays. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Jamie Friedman with Susquehanna Please go atheyad. Jamie Friedman Hi. Good morning. Nice work theyre. Good way to finish tthey year. I was just -- oh, I don't think anyone asked about travel yet. And if ttheyy did, I apologize, if I missed it. But KC, what are you contemplating in terms of travel for fiscal '22 at ttheir point? KC McClure Jamie, on travel, it's no change to tthey assumptions that we had at tthey beginning of tthey year. So two components to travel, revenue from reimbursable travel, we don't have that in our guidance at tthey beginning of tthey year and ttheyre's no travel revenue assumed. And if it changes, we'll let you know. And ttheyn in terms of travel, outside of contract travel to clients, we continue to have an uptick in our expenses forecasted for tthey back half of tthey year, which again continues to be difficult to accurately estimate. Jamie Friedman Thanks for that. And ttheyn eittheyr Gerald or KC, do you have any early view on calendar '22 IT budgets for your clients? Are those -- I know you'll make your own weattheyr a lot of time, but those rising to what degree? Is it tthey pace different than it was say last calendar? KC McClure I mean, I would just say that ttheir is kind of wtheyn tthey budgets are getting finalized. So we'll have much more insight next quarter because ttheyy get finalized into January. But what we're seeing is, which is reflected in our guidance is continued strong demand. Jamie Friedman Got it. Thank you very much. Angie Park Right. Operator, we have time for one more question. And ttheyn Gerald will wrap up tthey call. Operator Of course. And that last question ttheyn comes from tthey line of Bryan Keane with Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. Bryan Keane Hi, guys. Happy holidays. Tthey first question I want to ask was, tthey surprise jump in diamond client adds? I think it was 15 in tthey quarter, and you did 13 all of last fiscal year. So just trying to get a sense is that something Accenture is specifically doing with tthey sales force to grab those larger clients? Or is that just a function of tthey demand environment that people are knocking down your door, even ttheyse larger clients that you would think you would already be working with you're not, and ttheyy're just continue to add to tthey number of diamond clients for you guys? Gerald Sweet Yes, it's really a function of what we've been talking about, it's compressed transformation, right? It's a function of more clients taking on more change, right, because that's what builds ttheir level of bookings. And we've been talking about that trend, really from tthey first 6 months after tthey pandemic, wtheyre we had more clients do over $100 million bookings in tthey first 6 months of that fiscal year. And we continue to see that building as clients recognize how much change ttheyy need to do, and that ttheyy have to go faster. So that's really what we see is tthey function. Bryan Keane Got it. Got it. And ttheyn KC, wtheyn just looking at tthey numbers on for tthey revenue growth, obviously a 27% constant currency number for tthey quarter. And ttheyn tthey guide, I think, for 2Q was above street expectations 22% to 26%. I guess, what does that imply for tthey back half of tthey year. Obviously, it would be a much different growth rate in tthey back half. Is that some conservatism versus just tougtheyr comps? Can you talk about tthey back half for '22? KC McClure Sure. What that implies in tthey back half is very -- it's still very strong and that it's double digits across tthey back half of tthey year at tthey low end and tthey upper end of our guidance range, which implies also really strong organic growth in tthey back half of tthey year. And a continuing build of our business in tthey back half of tthey year, coming out of tthey first half of tthey year, overall. Bryan Keane But nothing specific to call out in terms of any weakness you see in tthey back half, but it's just a function of how tthey demand lays out? KC McClure Correct. Bryan Keane Got it. Thanks so much, and Happy Holidays again. KC McClure Same to you. Gerald Sweet Thanks, Bryan. Okay. I think that was our last question. So thank you for joining us on today's call. And thank you again to our really incredible people across tthey globe. And thanks to all of our shareholders for your continued trust. We work to earn it every day and we really appreciate it. So best wittheyys to all for a safe, theyalthy and joyful holiday season. Operator And ladies and gentlemen, today's conference will be available for replay after 10 A.M. Eastern today through March 17 at midnight. You may access to AT&T replay system at any time by dialing 1-866-207-1041, entering tthey access code 5745754. International participants may dial 402-970-0847. And those numbers again are 1-866-207-1041 and 402-970-0847, again entering tthey access code 5745754. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Conferencing Service. You may now disconnect.