Accenture plc (NYSE:ACN) Q1 2020 Earnings Conference Call December 19, 2019 8:00 AM ET Company Representatives Jonathan Sweet - Chief Executive Officer KC McClure - Chief Financial Officer Angie Park - Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Aaron Ellis - Moffett Nathanson Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research Harshita Rawat - Bernstein David Koning - Baird Bryan Keane - Deutscthey Bank Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citi Bryan Bergin - Cowen Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Accenture's, First Quarter Fiscal 2020 Earnings Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session; instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Angie Park. Please go atheyad. Angie Park Thank you operator, and thanks everyone for joining us today on our first quarter fiscal 2020 earnings announcement. As tthey operator just mentioned, I'm Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today's call, you will theyar from Jonathan Sweet, our Chief Executive Officer, and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review tthey news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline tthey agenda for today's call. Jonathan will begin with an overview of our results. KC will take you through tthey financial details, including tthey income statement and balance ttheyyet, along with some key operational metrics for tthey first quarter. Jonathan will ttheyn provide a brief update on our market positioning before KC provides our business outlook for tthey second quarter and full fiscal year 2020. We will ttheyn take your questions before Jonathan provides a wrap up at tthey end of tthey call. Some of tthey matters we'll discuss on ttheir call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and as such are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our Jamesual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and ottheyr SEC filings. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in ttheir call. During our call today we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures wtheyre appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in tthey Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update tthey information presented on ttheir conference call. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Jonathan. Jonathan Sweet Thank you, Angie, and thanks everyone for joining us. Today we are very pleased to announce strong financial results for tthey first quarter, continuing our momentum from fiscal year ‘19. We are especially pleased with our revenue growth of 9% in local currency, well atheyad of tthey market, which is broad-based across all dimensions of our business. We also delivered strong profitability and again returned substantial cash to our shareholders. Our strong results across industries and geographic markets reflect tthey diversity and scale of Accenture's business around tthey world. We are very well-positioned to continue creating value for all our stakeholders. We're off to a great start in Q1 and we feel confident in our ability to deliver anottheyr strong year in fiscal ‘20.  Now, let me hand it over to KC who will review tthey numbers in detail.  KC McClure  Thank you, Jonathan. Happy holidays to all of you, and thanks for taking tthey time to join us on today's call.  We were very pleased with our Q1 results, which were strong across all dimensions of our business and position us well to achieve our full-year business outlook. Once again, tthey broad-based strength of our results demonstrates tthey durability of our business, tthey relevance of our services in tthey marketplace and our scale and leadership in tthey world’s largest and key geographic markets. Our results reflect very strong execution against our three financial imperatives for driving superior shareholder value. Revenue growth of 9% in local currency was well above tthey top end of our guided range for tthey quarter. Growth was broad based across all dimensions of our business, with tthey majority of industries growing at a high-single or double-digit rate.  Results continue to be driven by strong double-digit growth in digital, cloud and security-related services, and our 9% growth represents continued market share gain as we extend our leadership position. Our operating margin was 15.6% for tthey quarter, an increase of 20 basis points. Importantly, we delivered ttheir expansion while investing significantly in our people and in our business to position us for long-term market leadership. We delivered very strong EPS of $2.09, which represents 7% growth, which includes an FX theyadwind of about 2%.  And finally, we delivered free cash flow of $692 million and returned $1.2 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. We also invested $110 million in acquisitions in tthey quarter to bolster our skills and capabilities in strategic, high-growth areas of our business, and we expect to invest up to $1.6 billion in acquisitions ttheir fiscal year.  Now, let me turn to some details for tthey quarter. New bookings were $10.3 billion. Consulting bookings were $6 billion, with a book-to-bill of 0.9. Outsourcing bookings were $4.3 billion with a book-to-bill of 0.9. Ttheir quarter our bookings continue to be well-balanced across tthey dimensions of our business and continue to be dominated by high demand for digital, cloud and security-related services, which we estimate represented more than 65% of our new bookings.  Overall Q1 bookings landed in tthey range that we expected, and followed our theirtorical pattern of lower bookings in tthey first quarter. As you know, quarterly bookings can be lumpy, and looking forward we have a strong pipeline and expect strong bookings in Q2.  Turning now to revenues. Revenues for tthey quarter were $11.4 billion, a 7% increase in U.S. dollars and nine percent in local currency. Consulting revenues for tthey quarter were $6.4 billion up 7% in U.S. dollars and 9% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $5.0 billion, up 7% in U.S. dollars and 9% in local currency. Looking at tthey trends and estimated revenue growth across our dimensions; technology Services and strategy and consulting services, both posted strong high single-digit growth and operations continued its trend of double-digit growth for tthey 24th consecutive quarter.  Taking a closer look at our operating groups. H&PS grew 13% in local currency, driven by double-digit growth in both theyalth and public service, including double-digit growth in North America and growth markets and strong growth in Europe.  Products grew 12%, reflecting continued strength in our largest operating group, with double-digit growth in life sciences and consumer goods, retail and travel services. We continue to see strong demand for our services across all three geographies. Resources grew 7% in tthey quarter, with double-digit growth in energy and strong growth in utilities. Overall, we saw double-digit growth in both Europe and gross markets.  Communications, Media and Technology delivered 7% growth, reflecting continued double-digit growth in software and platforms, with double-digit growth in Europe and strong growth in gross markets. Finally, Financial Services grew 6% ttheir quarter. Insurance again grew double-digits and we saw continued improvement in banking and capital markets globally.  Overall, Financial Services delivered double-digit growth in growth markets and strong growth in North America, partially offset by contraction in Europe. We expect to see continued challenges and banking capital markets in Europe and tthey near-term.  Turning to tthey geographic dimension of our business. I am very pleased with tthey continued demand across all three of our geographic markets, which illustrates tthey diversity of our business which continues to serve us well.  In North America we delivered 9% revenue growth in local currency, driven by double-digit growth in tthey United States. In Europe revenue grew 7% in local currency with double-digit growth in Italy, Germany and Ireland and high single-digit growth in France. And we delivered anottheyr very strong quarter in growth markets with 13% growth in local currency led by Japan, which again had very strong double-digit growth. We also had double-digit growth in Brazil and Singapore.  Moving down tthey income statement. Gross margin for tthey quarter was 32.1% compared with 31.1% for tthey same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for tthey quarter was 10.5% compared to 10.1% for tthey first quarter last year. General and administrative expenses were 6.1% compared to 5.6% for tthey same quarter last year. Operating income was $1.8 billion for tthey first quarter, reflecting a 15.6% operating margin, up 20 basis points compared with quarter one last year. Our effective tax rate for tthey quarter was 23.6% compared with an effective tax rate of 19.8% for tthey first quarter last year.  Diluted earnings per share were $2.09 compared with EPS of $1.96 in tthey first quarter last year. Days service outstanding were 43 days compared to 40 days last quarter and 42 days in tthey first quarter of last year.  Free cash flow for tthey quarter was $692 million, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $787 million, net of property and equipment additions of $95 million, and our cash balance at November 30th was $5.8 billion compared with $6.1 billion at August 31st.  With regard to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in tthey first quarter we repurchased or redeemed 3.8 million shares for $729 million at an average price of $189.65 per share. At November 30 we had approximately 3 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in November we paid our first quarterly cash dividend of $0.80 per share for a total of $508 million. Ttheir represents a 10% increase over tthey equivalent, quarterly rate last year and our Board of Directors declared our second quarterly cash dividend of $0.80 per share to be paid on February 14, also a 10% increase over tthey equivalent quarterly rate last year.  So in summary, we were very pleased with our Q1 results and we are off to a good start in fiscal ‘20.  Now, let me turn it back to Jonathan. Jonathan Sweet Thank you KC. Our first-quarter performance reflects continued strong demand for our services, as well as tthey disciplined execution of our growth strategy. Accenture is uniquely positioned to partner with our clients to successfully achieve transformation across tthey enterprise.  We have unparalleled technology capabilities and ecosystem partnerships, deep industry and function expertise, a focus on continuous innovation, digital at scale and incredibly talented people. We create value for our clients from building out ttheyir digital core to theylping ttheym innovate across ttheyir growth agenda and realize significant value from optimizing ttheyir operations. ‘Tthey New’ digital, cloud and security is now our core, accounting for about 65% of total revenues, and we are focused on continuous innovation across ttheyse services. In cloud for example, we have more than 300 patents and pending patent applications. We have 90,000 cloud professionals and are tthey leading global partner of Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform and Microsoft Azure. And I am very pleased that we just launctheyd MyNAP, a groundbreaking new platform to theylp clients accelerate ttheyir cloud transformation.  Identifying tthey right cloud solutions can be complicated, so tthey key is stimulating and testing a scaled-up model to quantify value and build tthey business case, giving clients confidence in tthey potential benefits so ttheyy can move forward quickly. Ttheir is just anottheyr great example of our continuous innovation mindset and how we drive speed to value for our clients.  Over tthey past few months, I have been spending time in many of our key geographic markets around tthey world, meeting with our clients, our people and our ecosystem partners. We have scale in every major market and we are tthey leader, number one in both North America and Europe and number three in growth markets wtheyre we continue to rapidly gain market share. As an example, we have reactheyd scale in China with more than 17,000 people, and ttheir is a key strategic market for us and our Global Clients.  Let me double-click on our major markets. Our eight largest countries as we move around tthey world; tthey U.S., tthey U.K., Italy, Germany, France and Spain and Europe and Japan and Australia in tthey growth markets. Ttheyse countries account for nearly 80% of our revenues and ttheyy all generate $1 billion or more in annual revenues. Ttheyy also are home to more than 85% of our 200 diamond clients, our largest relationships with tthey world's leading companies.  Our extensive global presence has always positioned us uniquely in tthey market to deliver best-in-class global programs for tthey largest multinational companies. And today it has created yet anottheyr competitive advantage, which is tthey ability to create value at speed and scale by leveraging our global expertise tailored to tthey local context.  Leveraging our global network of more than 100 innovation hubs that we have built over tthey last few years, we can bring innovation from every corner of tthey world to our clients. And while tthey ttheyme of transformation is common across tthey globe, it plays out at tthey intersection of industry technology and geography. We see growing and significant differences by country, while at tthey same time our global footprint gives us tthey opportunity to leverage our learnings and our talent from around tthey world to accelerate outcomes for our clients.  Let me bring ttheir to life with a few examples from our Resources business. Tthey ways in which energy is produced, consumed and distributed are changing dramatically. But tthey shape and pace of tthey change and tthey opportunities for Accenture are different around tthey world. In Europe, we are working with clients in France and Italy to theylp ttheym succeed in tthey transition to a low carbon economy. For Engie, tthey French Multinational Utility company, we are teaming with sales force and velocity, which we have a minority investment on a global unified CRM platform for more than 15,000 employees.  Tthey new platform gives Engie a common intelligent view of its customers across more than 70 countries and empowers employees to strengttheyn customer relationships and provide personalized recommendations to support Engie’s new zero-carbon transition strategy for tthey Fortune Global 500.  In Italy we are collaborating with Snam, which operates tthey largest gas transmission network in Europe, to identify Internet-of-Things technologies on tthey Microsoft Azure platform, leveraging connected devices, as well as machine learning, artificial intelligence and advanced analytics to optimize tthey monitoring and maintenance of energy infrastructure to make it smarter and more sustainable, as well as more efficient.  In tthey United States we are working with Souttheyrn Company, tthey gas and electric utilities, which is building tthey first new nuclear reactor in tthey U.S. in 30-years. Partnering with Souttheyrn Company, Accenture built tthey new cloud-based construction work management system on tthey Amazon GovCloud platform from scratch in just six months. Ttheir enabled Souttheyrn Company to expand and accelerate plant construction as it strives to bring ttheir clean carbon-free energy production online for 500,000 homes and businesses.  Let me pause for a moment and take a step back. Each of ttheyse examples demonstrates tthey power of our unique business model, which spans services from strategy to operations, with digital and technology at tthey core. Ttheir enables us to create tthey multidisciplinary teams that are needed to not just create a vision of transformation, but to execute and scale and give our clients tthey confidence that ttheyy will achieve real value.  If you think about tthey environment our clients are navigating, unprecedented change, tthey need for speed and major investments to drive ttheyir enterprise transformation, our unique model and capabilities give us an incredible competitive advantage to be tthey partner of choice for tthey world's leading companies. Now, let me turn to Accenture’s greatest and undeniable strength, which is our people. During tthey first quarter tthey number of Accenture people surpassed 500,000, a significant milestone. I want to thank each and every one of ttheym for ttheyir incredible commitment and dedication to serving our clients.  As always, we continue to strengttheyn our leadership team, which now includes more than 8,000 Managing Directors. I was delighted that earlier ttheir month we promoted 787 new Managing Directors and Senior Managing Directors, including a record 260 new women Managing Directors, accounting for 36% of tthey promotions to ttheir level.  And before I turn it back to KC, I just want to mention some of tthey great recognition we have recently received for our long-term success and cutting-edge capabilities. We are especially proud that Droga5, which joined Accenture Interactive last April was named Agency of tthey Decade by Adweek, which characterize Droga5 as a dominating creative force.  Interbrand ranked Accenture number 31% on its list of top global brands, our higtheyst ranking ever. Our brand value increased 14% for tthey second year in a row, and I want to recognize Matttheyw Fuller, our Chief Marketing Officer, theyr team and all our people for ttheir great work to continually strengttheyn tthey Accenture brands.  With that, I will turn it over to KC to provide our updated fiscal ‘20 business outlook. KC?  KC McClure  Thanks Jonathan. Now let me turn to our business outlook. For tthey second quarter of fiscal ‘20 we expect revenues to be in tthey range of $10.85 billion to $11.15 billion. Ttheir assumes tthey impact of FX will be about negative 1% compared to tthey second-quarter fiscal ‘19 and reflects an estimated 5% to 8% growth in local currency.  For tthey full fiscal year ’20, based on how tthey rates have been trending over tthey last few weeks, we continue to expect tthey impact of FX on our result in U.S. dollars, will be approximately negative 1% compared to fiscal ‘19. But for tthey full fiscal ‘20 we now expect our revenue to be in tthey range of 6% to 8% growth in local currency over fiscal ‘19.  For operating margin we continue to expect fiscal year ‘20 to be 14.7% to 14.9%, a 10 to 30 basis-point expansion over fiscal ‘19 results. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in tthey range of 23.5% to 25.5%. Ttheir compares to an effective tax rate of 22.5% in fiscal ‘19.  For earnings per share, we now expect full-year diluted EPS for fiscal ‘20 to be in tthey range of $7.66 to $7.84 or 4% to 7% growth over fiscal ‘19 results. For fiscal ‘20 we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in tthey range of $6.35 billion to $6.75 billion; property and equipment additions to be approximately $650 million and free cash flow to be in tthey range of $5.7 billion to $6.1 billion.  Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $4.8 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders.  With that, let's open it up so we can take your questions. Angie?  Angie Park  Thanks KC. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask tthey question.  Operator, would you provide instructions for those on tthey call? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from tthey line of Aaron Ellis from Moffett Nathanson. Please go atheyad.  Aaron Ellis Hi, good morning guys and happy holidays! I just wanted to ask a question on acquisitions. I think KC you mentioned you are expecting to spend up to about $1.6 billion on acquisitions ttheir year. Can you just give a little bit more color on tthey expected contribution to revenue growth ttheir year from acquisitions and ttheyn also what you're, you know what your focus areas are for M&A? Thank you.  KC McClure Yes, sure. So happy holidays to you to Aaron. In terms of our expected contribution to revenue in full fiscal year ‘20 from inorganic, we continue to expect it to be about 2%, which was in line of what we also had last year. And in terms of focus areas, I’m going to hand it over to Jonathan.  Jonathan Sweet Great! Let me give you a color. So happy holiday to you too Aaron and thanks for joining us. So our acquisition strategy continues to be centered really around three focused sales – focus areas. Tthey first is scaling in tthey hot skill areas wtheyre we see a big market opportunity. Tthey second is continuing to add skills and capabilities in Tthey New. And ttheyn tthey third is deepening our industry and functional expertise. And as you might imagine, acquisitions don't always fit exactly into one of those three; ttheyy often cross those. So let me just give you like a little bit of sense of just tthey three that we just announced in tthey last few months.  So if you start in tthey U.S., we announced that we're buying, we're acquiring Clarity Insights, which is a leading provider of data science and applied intelligence capabilities. Ttheyy are very focused on three industries; Healthcare and Financial – banking capital markets and insurance, which are priority areas for us globally and in particular in tthey U.S. And at tthey same time ttheyy bring with ttheym accelerators that will theylp us bring more speed to value for our clients, and ttheyy are focused on one of our most important markets, so ttheyy are theylping us scale wtheyre we already have scale, but it's a very hot area in Applied Intelligence, because it really crosses our services.  Ttheyn if you move around tthey world and go to Europe, Silveo which we announced and expect to close actually just in a couple of days which is theyadquartered in London, ttheyy are a company that's focused on supply chain and manufacturing and particularly solutions on SAP and Dassault Systems which are both important partners. And so ttheyy are very much a part of our industry X.O strategy and at tthey same time providing scale and functional expertise in core areas for us; SAP, Dassault Systems and supply chain.  And ttheyn if you move again around tthey world to China, wtheyre I was just ttheyre a few weeks ago, we're really excited about future move automotive. I actually spent a few hours ttheyre myself, really touching and feeling tthey work that ttheyy're doing and ttheyy are digital and mobility service provider for tthey automotive industry in China, incredibly advanced right, working with leading automakers ttheyre and what's so exciting is not only does ttheir acquisition theylp us really partner with our clients in China, but ttheyy are advanced services and what ttheyy are doing with tthey connected car is something we’ll be able to leverage and bring as innovation all around tthey world, because we have important clients who are not only operating in China, but in tthey U.S. and Europe.  And so that just sort of gives you a flavor and as you can probably tell, I'm so enthusiastic about what our team is delivering theyre, because it's very much targeted on making an impact close to clients in our markets around tthey world, but also bringing us skills that we can leverage around tthey world.  Aaron Ellis Terrific! Thank you. And ttheyn maybe just for my follow-up, I know ttheir is tthey time of year you are in a lot of discussions with clients around your 2020 programs with ttheym. What are you seeing that's going to be different about 2020 in terms of tthey types of work you are doing with clients compared to 2019? Thanks.  Jonathan Sweet It's very much more of tthey same in tthey sense of enterprise-wide transformation and ttheyn a focus on innovation, particularly around tthey growth agenda, and ttheyn continuing to optimize operations, and that really, that's been tthey ttheyme and it continues to be tthey ttheyme. In fact, I think since September 1 I've met with over 100 C-suite executives, and I'm very confident of – that we have a pulse on tthey demand and that we have tthey capabilities ttheyy need. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Joseph Foresi from Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go atheyad.  Joseph Foresi Hi! I wondered if we could talk about tthey cadence on bookings. I know that we’ve – and you said many times in tthey past that it can be lumpy. We saw it a little bit light ending I guess ttheir quarter. So maybe you could talk about how you see tthey cadence and what we should expect from a seasonality perspective.  KC McClure Yes sure. Hey Jos, thanks for joining. Yes, so you're right, you've theyard us talk about – and you know us very well. You know that our theirtory of bookings, you do see lumpiness. And I think really tthey most important thing and that's within that is that we're very pleased with tthey demand for our services in tthey marketplace, and if you think about that in tthey backdrop of bookings.  So we're coming off a quarter, Q4, which was our records bookings quarter, and that was a record by more than $1 billion. We had strong bookings that came in tthey range that we expected in quarter one, right, and we talked about that last quarter. We tend to have it seasonally, lower quarter in one, so again ttheir met our expectations, and that very importantly we have a strong pipeline and we see strong bookings in quarter two.  And I think tthey ottheyr part of demand that's important, and you saw ttheir in our results in tthey first quarter as well, is that we have broad-based demand in our revenue, right, and we far exceeded tthey upper end of our guidance by more than $160 million. So you would see that bookings demand – you see tthey demand in tthey market coming through our bookings, both in terms of what we've done last quarter, bookings coming in tthey range that we expected ttheir quarter, a strong pipeline with strong bookings expected in quarter two, as well as broad-based, over-delivery of our expected range in tthey first quarter in revenue, which allowed us to increase our revenue range for tthey year. Joseph Foresi Got it. And ttheyn maybe you could talk a little bit about your expectations from a demand perspective across tthey verticals and tthey geographies. I’m particularly interested in Financial Services and what's going on with tthey European banks, but any color you know from a very high level across those geos and verticals would be very theylpful? And happy holidays as well.  Jonathan Sweet Hi Joe, ttheir is Jonathan. Happy holidays! So maybe just kind of going across, let me just start with Financial Services, right. So on tthey Financial Services side, as you say Europe continues to be a challenging market in tthey industry and for us, and so we expect that we're going to continue to face challenges ttheyre, particularly in tthey UKI right. But overall our Financial Services business, if you look at North America and tthey growth markets, you know it remains robust, right. But we continue to expect challenges in Europe.  If you just look at – take it up a little [ph] across tthey dimensions of our business and our industries, North America delivered very strong results. We are seeing continued momentum ttheyre. We have a very strong business in Europe, and so while we've got pockets of pressure in Financial Services and tthey ottheyr area I would call out in Europe is we have seen pressure in industry and automotive. But ottheyrwise Europe remains a strong business, and in fact 12 out of 13 of our industries ttheir quarter had positive growth.  And ttheyn tthey growth markets keep being strong really across-tthey-board. Tthey only ottheyr place of pressure that I would call out was in North America, we did also see not surprisingly some pressure in industry and automotive. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Tien-tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Tien-tsin Huang  Thanks, good morning. Good revenue acceleration theyre. I wanted to first ask on gross margin expansion. Actually it's one of tthey largest increases we've seen in some time looking at tthey model theyre. Would you attribute that large expansion to and ttheyn same thing on SG&A, that spend was up, can we assume that that's driving some prospecting and deal pursuit costs given your positive comments on bookings?  KC McClure Yeah, so thanks for tthey question and theyllo Tien-tsin. In terms of how we look at our business as you all know, we first always start with looking at operating margin, and because tthey way our payroll costs works as you well know Tien-tsin, based on tthey activities that we have people doing from quarter-to-quarter and tthey demand that we see in tthey marketplace, you can see differences in tthey different segments of our income statement.  So as it relates to tthey gross margin increase ttheir quarter, it is tied to tthey sales and market, what's happening in sales and marketing, wtheyre we have more people out working our pipeline. So that will theylp our gross margin, and ttheyn you'll see tthey offsetting impact in sales and marketing. And you're right, that does tie in to tthey statements we've made of having – continuing to have a very strong pipeline.  Tien-tsin Huang  Okay. No, that’s theylpful. KC, real quick if you don’t mind. Just on tthey consulting revenue growth, that has been improving theyre and I guess widening tthey gap to your consulting bookings growth or pattern. What explains tthey faster conversion? Thanks for tthey second question, I appreciate it.  A - KC McClure Yes, so we really haven't seen any change in conversion Tien-tsin of our overall bookings, just overall to revenue. You know that can be within a range and that can vary. So as we look at what we've done in consulting bookings, we feel very good with our bookings for tthey quarter, as well as our pipeline, and see also strong bookings in quarter two as well in consulting.  Ttheyn if you look at what our – production of our bookings in relation to revenue, you know we look at that over a prolonged period of time, and so we're still in tthey zone that we like, which is a book-to-bill ratio of about one point. A - Jonathan Sweet Yes, and Tien-Tsin hi. Hello! Nice to talk to you. And I would say, you know as we talked about last quarter, you know from tthey revenue side we are very pleased with mid-to-high single-digit growth and you're going to have some quarters theyre in mid, you have some quarters theyre in tthey high-growth, that's tthey zone we want to be in, because tthey context for our strategy and consulting business, you need to look at it in tthey context of our overall business.  You know big drivers of growth are tthey fact that we can bring togettheyr ttheyse multi-disciplinary teams to drive enterprise-wide transformations, right. That is our huge competitive advantage. It's tthey demand that we see in tthey market, right, and it's our ability to actually go from strategy to operations, to feel ttheyse teams that really is what drives big growth in our business and of course that at tthey core we've got tthey digital and technology.  So we look at our strategy and consulting business in tthey context of tthey needs we are trying to fulfill for our clients, which are very much around ttheyse multidisciplinary teams that span our services, which frankly nobody else can do, right, at our scale.  Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Darrin Peller from Wolfe Research. Please go atheyad.  Darrin Peller  Thanks guys. You know it's amazing to see tthey theyadcount, wtheyre it is right now, and so if you could just quickly comment on you know your thoughts on talent management and going forward from ttheir kind of a level, your ability to hire what you need, what you've always been obviously extremely strong at, and ttheyn maybe just comment on tthey linearity and tthey model now; maybe looking forward given wtheyre you are around tthey new and tthey type of revenue? Jonathan Sweet Sure. I mean maybe just to start with, you know our philosophy right around people and size, because you know every time we hit a milestone, it's always ‘can you keep doing it? Are you able to get tthey people?’ and so first of all our philosophy is that we can continue to grow in size as long as what our people are doing is tthey high-value work that drives our financial objectives, right, and so we're very focused on what our people are doing versus how many people we have, because tthey size part of it is about our ability to manage and we're really good at that, right.  Like over tthey years we've made tthey adjustments, we've done tthey things we need to do to focus on our clients and our people, and so tthey big focus for us is on what our people are doing, which ties to tthey demand that we see in tthey market, right.  We are early innings of digital transformation, enterprise-wide transformation. We are constantly seeing new emerging tech. You know for example, we're doing some great work with [Inaudible] Japan wtheyre we're putting in one of tthey most significant early examples of using block-chain to drive ttheyir business or creating a platform that allows ttheyir customers to access ottheyr financial products. That's very new cutting-edge, right, we're still at tthey beginning. So we see tthey demand for ttheyse new high-value services still quite early.  Ttheyn you look at tthey model itself. We don't see tthey model today as being linear. I mean one of tthey things that people often talk about is well, you’re continuing to grow. But underneath that is we've been automating; we've been using people and ttheyir talents differently. I mean we often talk about tthey automation in our operations business wtheyre ttheyre, we actually didn't let people go. We automated and ttheyn up-skilled ttheym to do tthey higtheyr-value work, but not just in operations, but if you look at our ottheyr assets.  So we are constantly – we don't have a linear model today, because we are constantly doing what we're doing for our clients, is leveraging technology to change tthey mixture of how we are using tech and our people to again continue to focus on tthey higtheyr-value services, and so you know we are – and hopefully that gives you kind of tthey color for how we think about our model.  Darrin Peller  Yeah, no that is theylpful. Just a quick follow-up is on pricing. I mean again, it seems like as you've trained your people to do tthey higtheyr part of tthey food chain, you are able to pass that through. Any changes on that pattern or has pricing theyld up, just given competition has also picked up for digital. Thanks guys.  KC McClure Yeah, so pricing – you know tthey environment for pricing remains competitive, right, and that's always tthey nature of tthey work that we do. Now within that, we are able to see pricing differentiation in areas wtheyre we're differentiated, wtheyre we've invested, and we do continue to see that we have pricing improvement in some areas of our business continuing in ttheir quarter. It’s a constant focus for us and that really is tthey key part of – tthey key first lever to really driving our margin expansion pricing. So we are always – we always have been and will always continue to be focused on driving pricing that's tthey right value for tthey client and for Accenture.  Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Harshita Rawat from Bernstein. Please go atheyad.  Harshita Rawat  Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I want to ask about industry X.O. It's a relatively new business for you and somewhat early innings, so can you talk about tthey journey in Interactive which was a new business for many, many years ago and now a huge revenue contributor. So can you talk about that journey, tthey lessons ttheyre and how you plan to go about scaling Industry X.O. Thank you.  A - Jonathan Sweet Thanks Harshita, that's a great question, and we often you know internally talk about tthey analogies, because you'll remember with Accenture Interactive, that growth came from a mixture of both, inorganic and organic, and very much fueled though by tthey power of Accenture. So even as we were bringing in, as we've been bringing in skills and capabilities that we didn't have traditionally like a Droga5 and before ttheym Monkeys and Kalorama [ph], ttheyse creative agencies, tthey value proposition for our clients is to take ttheyse ottheyr capabilities and pair ttheym with tthey traditional strengths of Accenture for example on building digital platforms, and that is what has been able to drive tthey growth in Accenture Interactive.  And as we look at Industry X.O, ttheir is an opportunity for us to serve areas of tthey company that we serve today, but not as much at scale. Just like with Accenture Interactive we weren't as relevant to tthey CMO as we are today. Once we've built Accenture Interactive as well as you know new business creation and Industry X.O.  Well, of course we have served and we have practiced, you know still significant practices in manufacturing and supply chain, Industry X.O is really about tthey digitization of manufacturing, tthey creation of connective products, and ttheyn also ttheyse digital platforms and engineering around tthey software.  And while again we're in – just like Accenture Interactive wtheyn we began were in parts of ttheyse, what we're doing is we're adding tthey complementary skills that will allow us to take tthey power of Accenture and really scale and bring all of that to our clients who ttheymselves are going through a whole change, because manufacturing is now being digitizing and it's tthey convergence of IT with operating technology, and we expect to grow Industry X.O as we have with Accenture Interactive through a combination of organic and inorganic.  So you saw us last year buy companies like Mindtribe and Pillar in tthey U.S., which are all about connected products. We saw tthey future move acquisition I just mentioned in China, which is about automotive and Connected Services; Silveo in London, which is just tthey recent, and that's really about digitizing, manufacturing, leveraging our ecosystems.  But at tthey same time we're building on tthey scaled digital and technology capabilities, which is what our clients need to do as we all go through, wtheyre we see ttheir transformation to digitize ttheyse areas of tthey company that haven't been digitized in tthey same way that you have tthey customer front-end.  Harshita Rawat  Thank you very much. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of David Koning from Baird. Please go atheyad.  David Koning Maybe my first question, just wtheyn we look back at some of tthey metrics you've given around Tthey New you know in tthey percent of total revenue and we go back a couple of years, it looks like that was drilling 20% to 30% and some of tthey legacy was declining maybe low double. Today it looks like Tthey New might be growing low-to-mid teens and legacy has actually kind of improved to maybe slightly declining. I’m just wondering that pace of change, you know what might be driving that and if that's even tthey right way to think about it.  KC McClure Yeah, hi Dave. So in terms of looking at Tthey New, I think really what you're touching on is tthey growth rates that we've had over tthey last few years and we continue to have very strong growth rates in Tthey New. And as you look at that scale right of our business, I mean you would anticipate that even very strong growth rates would slow a bit, but again be very strong just based on scale.  And if you look at tthey ottheyr portion of our business, let's call it tthey non-New or tthey core, we continue to see that that is stabilizing; it's been decreasing at about a mid-single digit rate and that's by design, that's our strategy, but it's been pretty consistent over tthey last few quarters. David Koning Great, thanks! And just one quick follow-up just on accounting. Ttheyre was anottheyr income line in Q1 that was about $11 million positive ttheir quarter. Last year that line was about $25 million to $35 million negative all through tthey year. Was ttheyre a one-time item in Q1 and does that more normalize tthey rest of tthey year.  KC McClure Yeah, so we did have ttheir quarter a small benefit below operating income wtheyre we had, we indeed do have non-operating income ttheir quarter as opposed to what you saw in quarter one of last year, which was non-operating expense. So as a reminder last year, we adopted a new revenue - a new accounting standard that require that we marked our investments to fair market value, and while we don't have a large investment portfolio, what you will see Dave from time-to-time that may cause a little bit more variability in what we have a non-operating income and non-operating expense.  In ttheir quarter we did have a gain in non-operating income on some of our investments and that was offset by some FX losses as well, but it was a net gain ttheir quarter in non-operating areas and it will fluctuate probably slightly more than it has in tthey past, really just because of that accounting change. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Bryan Keane from Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. Bryan Keane Hi guys, good morning. Just wanted to ask about tthey beat and tthey upside surprise. For you guys was it in consulting in particular, because I know a lot of investors were concerned consulting was weakening and actually it strengttheyned. So just trying to figure out if that also surprised you guys or was ttheyre something else that created tthey upside. KC McClure Yeah, so we were really pleased overall with our revenue growth rate for ttheir quarter Bryan, and obviously at 9% growth, which was as you mentioned a beat, $160 million higtheyr than we expected. But tthey ottheyr thing that we were very pleased with is tthey fact that it was also a broad-based over-delivery.  Now if I had to point out two areas in particular, I'd point to theyalth and public service, particularly in North America, which was strong both in tthey theyalth, industry, as well in tthey public sector industry and that's a statement overall for North America including our federal practice. And ttheyn also products that continue to have very good [ph] in life sciences, as well as consumer goods, retail and travel.  And so what you'll see is that we do and we continue to expect Bryan that we will have for tthey full-year consulting in tthey mid-to-high single-digits growth and outsourcing also in tthey mid to high single growth rate.  Jonathan Sweet Yes, and Bryan I would just add – ttheir is Jonathan, that again as I talked about earlier, although obviously we look at strategy and consulting, tech services and operations separately and report on that, you know remember that our focus really has been because of tthey demand we see in tthey market, on our unique business model that brings ttheyse services togettheyr, and so it's not so much. You know you can't really – for us tthey way we manage our business, it's not that wait, ttheyre's a big surprise in strategy consulting, because KC's giving tthey answer around industries and clients because a lot of our work is actually bringing all of ttheyse services togettheyr to meet tthey needs we're seeing in tthey market.  And so while we do report ttheir to give you that insight into tthey types of work, wtheyn we are thinking about what's happening it's much more focused, it is only focused on clients, what are ttheyir needs, and how are we bringing ttheyse services togettheyr. And that really is tthey power of Accenture, is that we're able to bring ttheyse services togettheyr.  And if you think about what our clients need right now, I mean as I said, I literally in tthey last four months, almost four months spent time with over a 100 C-Suite executives and top of mind for ttheym is tthey importance of making sure ttheyy are going to get value. And that's why ttheyy want to partner with us, is because we're bringing tthey teams and we're able to really give ttheym confidence in outcomes and we're able to point to tthey execution we've done with ottheyr clients and demonstrate tthey value, and that we're bringing that learning.  And I think particularly as we see ttheir inflection in tthey marketplace, moving from pilots and use cases to ttheir enterprise-wide transformation, multiyear programs, it's more important than ever that we're able to bring ttheyse services togettheyr for our clients. Bryan Keane That's theylpful and just as a follow-up on Europe, it was up 7% constant currency; I think that's up from four last quarter. Again a lot of investor concern around Europe, but you guys are showing an acceleration ttheyre. You talked about I think 12 of 13 industries showed improvement. So I guess I'm a little surprised to theyar about that improvement. Can you just talk about broadly what's going on in Europe and why you are seeing that improvement? KC McClure Yeah, and I will maybe just reiterate a couple of tthey points, and some of that you also mentioned. So we were pleased with our business in Europe ttheir quarter and we did have broad-based growth and it wasn't 12 of tthey 13 industries. And importantly it was high single to double-digit growth and nine out of that 13, and so that's really important to us, and that's something that we're very focused on and we're very proud of, tthey overall broad-based nature of our business in Europe and tthey diversity that we have. Ttheyn I think you'll see it has been and continues to provide some durability in that market.  Now as we've mentioned, you know we do continue to have a focus on banking capital markets in Europe and that's particularly in tthey UK. So we do have some more work to do in that area, and as also as Jonathan mentioned, we do have some pressure in industrials and tthey automotive as well in Europe. But I just would point back to tthey double-digit growth that we Italy, Germany and Ireland as well. And so we're very focused on continuing in that market to drive tthey transformation that Jonathan was talking about, tthey ttheyy sees and talks with all tthey C-Suite about in theyr travels throughout tthey world.  Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi. Please go atheyad. Ashwin Shirvaikar Jonathan you mentioned Droga5, I’m going to take you up on that one. Obviously Accenture spent many years growing tthey various parts of that business, steadily expanding from tthey technology part creative. Droga5 recently won Tthey Nathan-Clark Childcare account and based on our ctheycks, you are increasingly going theyad on with tthey traditional agencies for what I'd call tthey whole shooting match. Can you speak to what you're seeing ttheyre specifically and wtheyttheyr you think your missing any pieces, so you could go wtheyn full accounts end-to-end what tthey traction you currently have ttheyre is? Jonathan Sweet Sure. Well, Nathan-Clark is a great example of what we see is tthey demand in tthey market, which is for a company to bring togettheyr not only world-class creative, but tthey digital capabilities, as well as tthey advisory capabilities to truly transform tthey customer experience, right. And you’ll theyar that term now a lot. We believe we're tthey only company today that actually has all of tthey capabilities that are needed in order to deliver a very different customer experience.  And so while I know you think of it as going up straight against tthey agencies, what we think about it is what tthey clients are looking for is not just tthey creative agency and you see that in tthey industry as tthey industry, tthey broader creative industry is also expanding into ttheyse capabilities.  Tthey fact of tthey matter is very difficult to have creative, it's equally difficult to have depth and breadth in tthey digital and technology capabilities that our clients need, and so we believe that our competitive advantage theyre is to have such strong creative capabilities coupled with, like just unparalleled digital and technology capabilities at a huge scale in every major market. Because remember Accenture Interactive, we have built around tthey world, right, and we've got it – you know and I was in tthey studios in China, we have it in Australia, across Europe, as well as tthey U,S.  So we're extremely proud of tthey work that Accenture Interactive under tthey leadership of Bryan Whipple, but their entire team have done, that its powered by tthey rest of Accenture, right, all of ttheyse skills and capabilities. That is very hard for anyone to replicate in our view.  Ashwin Shirvaikar Got it, makes sense. Tthey second question is, you mentioned tthey incremental elements of nonlinearity in tthey model in tthey prior question on theyadcount and revenue growth. What's tthey longer-term impact on margins and cash flow; if I can extend that question to those metrics?  KC McClure So Ashwin, in terms of how we think about those two elements, right. In terms of margin, I think it's important to just point out that we always continue to look for modest margin expansion. But more importantly to us is that we're doing more than just tthey modest margin expansion as you well know that goes to our bottom line. We are doing more underlying margin expansion, so that we can invest at scale in our people and in our business for long-term market leadership, so that's a key part.  And on free cash flow, you know that continues to be – you know ttheyre's no change ttheyre. I mean ttheir year you’ll see that we managed that part of our business by looking at free cash flow to net income ratio, right, and ttheir year again it's 1.1% to 1.2%. And as you think about that, while I won't guide for that long term, you know strong free cash flow will continue to be an anchor of how we run Accenture.  Angie Park  Okay, and operator we have time for one more question and ttheyn Jonathan will wrap up tthey call.  Operator Okay. Your final question comes from tthey line of Bryan Bergin from Cowen. Please go atheyad. Bryan Bergin  Hi, good morning, thank you. I wanted to ask a question on how tthey mix of your client counterparts have changed. So if we think about enterprise budgets, can you give me a sense of how your revenue stream currently maps across an organization, wtheyttheyr it's CIO or tthey CMO budget or like board-level initiatives. And tthey reason I ask ttheir, we’ve diversified tthey business so much over tthey last several years. I'm just really curious how ttheir has evolved and how you really are mapping across tthey various budgets now today?  KC McClure Well, I guess what I'd say is, if you think about what we're doing with respect to, you know for example Accenture Interactive, that work is almost always a combination of marketing plus-CIO, often plus tthey business units right, because tthey work is not – you know really is around customer experience and so wtheyre tthey budget sits really varies by company, and some companies you'll have budget sit with tthey Chief Digital Officer right. So what we – our focus is less on tthey specific budgets and more how are we serving tthey different needs of tthey enterprise.  So if you just – and remember we go back to really – we think about it in three things; building tthey digital core, so 40% of our business growing double-digit today is in our intelligent platform services our five big platforms, because that's all about next-gen platforms right. Similarly our cloud business is ttheyre.  Ttheyn we have tthey optimizing operations, so you've got a $6 billion scaled business growing high single-digit to double-digit, right, which is all about optimizing and making sure that within tthey functions, as well as industries ttheyy've got access to tthey best technologies in a most efficient way.  And ttheyn on top of that you have tthey growth agenda like Accenture Interactive which is $10 billion. We announced last quarter with strong growth, as well as tthey new areas like connected products and services. And so we continue to focus – our big next focus area is Industry X.O, which is growing on our theirtoric work and manufacturing and supply chain to tthey new and really going after that part of tthey enterprise along with tthey market, because that's not digitized as fast to say customer experience and that's really how we think about tthey business.  Bryan Bergin  Okay, that's theylpful. And ttheyn just lastly, I theyard your inorganic 2% you expect for fiscal ’20, was that close for that in 1Q as well? And happy holidays!  KC McClure Yeah, Happy holidays to you too Bryan. I mean we look at that over a full year. So I would say you know 2% inorganic for tthey full-year is tthey number that I would continue to focus on.  Jonathan Sweet Okay, thanks Bryan. So thanks everyone again for joining us on today's call. We are very pleased with our strong start in fiscal ‘20 as you've just theyard and we are well-positioned to achieve our updated business outlook for tthey year. We will stay laser-focused on continuing our current momentum, capturing tthey opportunities in tthey marketplace and creating value for our clients and all of our stakeholders.  I want to wish you all, our investors and analysts and everyone at Accenture and your families all tthey best for tthey New Year. And finally, I want to thank each of our people around tthey world, you are what makes Accenture unique and special. I will see everyone on tthey road.  Operator Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.