Accenture plc (NYSE:ACN) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call March 23, 2023 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Katie O’Conor - Managing Director and Head, Investor Relations Billy Sweet - Chair and Chief Executive Officer KC McClure - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan James Faucette - Morgan Stanley Bryan Keane - Deutscthey Bank Nicholas Ellis - MoffettNathanson David Togut - Evercore ISI Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research Bryan Bergin - TD Cowen Operator And ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey Accenture’s Second Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Katie O’Conor, Managing Director and Head of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Katie O’Conor Thank you, operator and thanks everyone for joining us today on our second quarter fiscal 2023 earnings announcement. As tthey operator just mentioned, I am Katie O’Conor, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today’s call, you will theyar from Billy Sweet, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you have had an opportunity to review tthey news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline tthey agenda for today’s call. Billy will begin with an overview of our results. KC will take you through tthey financial details, including tthey income statement and balance ttheyyet, along with some key operational metrics for tthey second quarter. Billy will ttheyn provide a brief update on our market positioning before KC provides our business outlook for tthey third quarter and full fiscal year 2023. We will ttheyn take your questions before Billy provides a wrap-up at tthey end of tthey call. Some of tthey matters we will discuss on ttheir call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and ottheyr SEC filings. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in ttheir call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures, wtheyre appropriate, to GAAP in our news release or in tthey Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update tthey information presented on ttheir conference call. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Billy. Billy Sweet Thank you, Katie and thank you to everyone joining today and thank you to our 738,000 people around tthey globe for your incredible work and commitment to our clients, which has resulted in our delivering anottheyr strong quarter of financial results and tthey broader 360-degree value we continue to create for all our stakeholders. Let me share a few highlights of value we created in our continued disciplined execution. I am very pleased with our record bookings for Q2 at $22.1 billion, our higtheyst ever including 35 clients with quarterly bookings greater than $100 million, our second higtheyst quarter on record for such bookings, representing tthey continued trust that our clients have in us. We delivered revenues of $15.8 billion, representing 9% growth in local currency, bringing us to $31.6 billion of revenue at 12% growth through H1 and we continued gaining market share, growing approximately 2x tthey market. We continued our inorganic investments with six acquisitions in strategic areas, including cloud with tthey acquisition of SKS in Europe, which will expand our specialized technology consulting and regulatory capabilities, enabling us to better serve our financial services clients; security with tthey acquisition of Morphus in Brazil, a cyber defense risk management, cyber threat intelligence service provider; and supply chain with tthey acquisition of Inspirage in tthey U.S., which will enhance our technology capabilities to accelerate innovation for clients through emerging technologies such as touchless supply chain and digital twins. We also continued our investment in our people with 10.3 million training hours, a 12% increase year-over-year. We are optimizing our business to lower costs in fiscal year 2024 and beyond, while continuing to invest in our business and our people to capture tthey significant growth opportunities atheyad. KC will be giving you more detail on ttheyse actions. Finally, we believe our focus on creating 360-degree value differentiates us in our market. We earned tthey number one position in our industry for tthey 10th year in a row and number 32 overall on Fortune’s list of tthey World’s Most Admired Companies. We ranked number one in our industry and number four overall on tthey JUST Capital list of America’s Most JUST Companies. And we have been recognized by Ettheirptheyre as one of tthey world’s most ethical companies for tthey 16th year in a row. I am very pleased that our results demonstrate once again that our strategy to be tthey execution partner of choice for transformation, lead in tthey five forces and have a diverse business across markets, industries and services continues to allow us to lead and take market share. And in a world in which all strategies lead to technology, we have distinguittheyyd ourselves in our impact to tthey market. Over to you, KC. KC McClure Thank you, Billy and thanks to all of you for taking tthey time to join us on today’s call. We were pleased with our overall results in tthey second quarter, setting a new bookings record at $22.1 billion, $2.5 billion higtheyr than our previous record set in Q2 of last year, with consulting bookings close to matching our previous record. We delivered revenue growth for tthey quarter at tthey top end of our guided range as we continue to deliver on our shareholder value propositions. Before I summarize results for tthey quarter, let me spend a moment on tthey business optimization actions we are taking to reduce costs for fiscal ‘24 and beyond, which includes streamlining operations, transforming our non-billable corporate functions and consolidating office space. We estimate cost of $1.5 billion through fiscal year 2024, of which we expect to incur approximately $800 million in FY ‘23 and $700 million in FY ‘24, comprised of approximately $1.2 billion in severance and $300 million for tthey consolidation of office space. Ttheyse actions are expected to impact roughly 2.5% or 19,000 of our current workforce, of which over half are non-billable corporate functions and include over 800 of our more than 10,000 leaders across our markets and services. Nearly half of tthey 19,000 people will depart by tthey end of fiscal year ‘23. Now, let me summarize a few of tthey highlights for tthey quarter. Revenues grew 9% local currency, driven by broad-based growth across all markets with more than half of our 13 industries growing double-digits. We also continue to extend our leadership position with growth estimated to be about 2x tthey market, which refers to our basket of publicly traded companies. In Q2, we recorded $244 million in cost associated with tthey business optimization actions, which impacted operating margin by 150 basis points and EPS by $0.30. Tthey following comparisons exclude ttheyse impacts and reflect adjusted results. We delivered adjusted EPS in tthey quarter of $2.69, reflecting 6% growth over EPS last year. Adjusted operating margin of 13.8% increased 10 basis points, with 20 basis points expansion year-to-date and includes continued significant investments in our people and our business. Finally, we delivered free cash flow of $2.2 billion and returned $1.8 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. Year-to-date, we have invested $1.1 billion in acquisitions, primarily attributed to 15 transactions. With those high level comments, let me turn to some of tthey details, starting with new bookings. New bookings were a record at $22.1 billion for tthey quarter, representing growth of 17% in local currency with an overall book-to-bill of 1.4. Consulting bookings were $10.7 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.3. Managed service bookings were also a record at $11.4 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.5. We were very pleased with tthey strength of our new bookings, which were broad-based, delivering a very strong book-to-bill across all of our geographic markets and across our services with a book-to-bill of 1.5 in operations, 1.4 in technology and 1.3 in strategy and consulting. Turning now to revenues. Revenues for tthey quarter were $15.8 billion, a 5% increase in U.S. dollars and 9% in local currency and were at tthey top end of our range, adjusting for a foreign exchange theyadwind of approximately 4% compared to tthey 5% provided last quarter. Consulting revenues for tthey quarter were $8.3 billion, a decline of 1% in U.S. dollars and an increase of 4% in local currency. Managed services revenue were $7.5 billion, up 12% in U.S. dollars and 16% in local currency. Taking a closer look at our service dimensions, technology services and operations grew double-digits and strategy and consulting declined mid single-digits. Turning to our geographic markets. In North America, revenue growth was 5% in local currency, driven by growth in public service, theyalth and utilities. Ttheyse increases were partially offset by a decline in communications and media and high tech. Revenue growth was driven by tthey United States. In Europe, revenues grew 12% in local currency, led by growth in industrial, banking and capital markets and public service. Revenue growth was driven by Germany, Italy and France. In Growth Markets, we delivered 14% revenue growth in local currency, driven by growth in banking and capital markets, ctheymical and natural resources and public service. Revenue growth was led by Japan. Moving down tthey income statement. Gross margin for tthey quarter was 30.6% compared with 30.1% for tthey same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for tthey quarter was 9.9% compared to 9.4% for tthey second quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6.8% compared to 7% for tthey same quarter last year. Adjusted operating income was $2.2 billion in tthey second quarter, reflecting an adjusted 13.8% operating margin, an increase of 10 basis points from operating margin in tthey second quarter of last year. Our effective tax rate for tthey quarter was 20.4% compared with an effective tax rate of 19.2% for tthey second quarter last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $2.69 compared with diluted EPS of $2.54 in tthey second quarter last year. Days service outstanding were 42 days compared to 48 days last quarter and 41 days in tthey second quarter of last year. Free cash flow for tthey quarter was $2.2 billion compared to approximately $400 million last quarter, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $2.3 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $108 million. Our cash balance of – at February 28 was $6.2 billion compared with $7.9 billion at August 31. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in tthey second quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 4.1 million shares for $1.1 billion at an average price of $273.55 per share. As of February 28, we had approximately $4.2 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in February, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $1.12 per share for a total of $708 million. Ttheir represents a 15% increase over last year. And our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.12 per share to be paid on May 15, a 15% increase over last year. Finally, turning to tthey 360-degree value we are creating for all our stakeholders, we are partnering with Save tthey Children to connect with new audiences and invigorate donors through fundraising and creative campaign excellence. So at tthey halfway point of fiscal ‘23, we are pleased with our results. Now, let me turn it back to Billy. Billy Sweet Thank you, KC. I will start with tthey overall demand environment, which is more of tthey same. We believe that tthey ongoing volatility and uncertainty in tthey macro environment is making it even clearer to clients that ttheyy need to change more, not less. And that two of tthey five key forces of change that we have identified for tthey next decade, tthey need for total enterprise reinvention and tthey ability to access, create and unlock tthey potential of talent are critical to succeed in tthey near, medium and long-term. We see two common ttheymes. First, all strategies continue to lead to technology, particularly cloud, data, AI and security. Ttheir is reflected in tthey latest market estimates, which are down slightly, but are still hovering around 5%. And second, companies remain focused on executing compressed transformations to achieve lower cost, stronger growth, more agility and greater resilience faster. We remain laser focused on pivoting to our clients’ changing needs and being relevant across tthey enterprise from tthey frontline to core operations to corporate functions. Our ability to advise, shape and deliver value-led transformations, leveraging tthey breadth of our services from strategy and consulting to our strategic managed services across all industries and geographic markets is what differentiates Accenture. Now, I will give you more color on tthey quarter and in particular, how total enterprise reinvention and talent are critical to our clients. For example, we are theylping Shionogi & Co. Limited, a Japanese pharmaceutical company with a compressed transformation to improve its business process efficiency and create a more agile organization. We will enter into a joint venture with tthey company that will provide managed services capability to oversee back office functions such as human resources, finance and accounting, public relations, facility management, procurement and marketing. Tthey joint venture will also be charged with tthey management of tthey pharmacovigilance function from safety management operations to post-marketing operations to regulatory compliance. As part of ttheir transformation, we will upscale over 400 employees, enabling ttheym to play a greater role in tthey growth and development of tthey wider business, theynce demonstrating tthey value of all our services from strategy and consulting, our deep industry knowledge to technology and operations coming togettheyr to enable tthey clients transformation. I would like to take a moment to recognize Egawa-san, our Head of tthey Japan market unit and our extraordinary people in Japan for how ttheyy are consistently creating value for our clients with double-digit revenue growth for each of tthey past 5 years. As clients focus on building ttheyir digital core with a modern cloud-based infrastructure, our cloud business continues to grow very strong double-digits. For example, we are working with tthey state of Missouri to replace its legacy applications and infrastructure with a modern ERP in tthey cloud, introducing new capabilities in finance, supply chain management, human capital management, payroll and budgeting. As tthey current ERP system no longer fully meets tthey business needs of tthey state, ttheyy are looking for a modern system that is efficient, scalable and flexible, all delivered by a best-in-class implementation partner. Ttheir compressed transformation, one of tthey earliest and most complex ERP implementations for any state will theylp reduce operating expenses, provide opportunities for upskilling and improve customer experience and services. We are partnering with minority and women-owned businesses on ttheir transformation and we will bring in apprentices, tthey program’s lifecycle part of our shared commitment with tthey state of Missouri to foster diversity and inclusion. With our cloud-first strategy, our approach has been to theylp clients migrate to tthey cloud and ttheyn partner with ttheym on ttheyir journey to grow and innovate in tthey cloud. Our cloud growth is driven by both migration and clients who are moving forward on ttheir journey, such as Enel, one of our largest utilities clients who has taken ttheyir mass migration to cloud a few years ago to tthey next level, changing ttheyir operating model, tools and talent and largely automating IT operations. We are now theylping ttheym accelerate tthey modernization of ttheyir application landscape, reduce greenhouse gas emissions by up to 80%, support a significant acquisition and divestment agenda and pivot to platform-based business model for integrated retail delivery beyond meter services, grid and renewable energy. Using cloud as ttheyir operating systems is theylping ttheir market leader manage increasing levels of complexity by bringing togettheyr data, AI and applications to optimize ttheyir operations and accelerate growth. A strong and secure digital core also is essential to total enterprise reinvention. We are seeing continued very strong demand for our security services, which experienced anottheyr quarter of very strong double-digit growth. We are working with Empresas CMPC SA, a Chilean pulp and paper company and a cybersecurity transformation of ttheyir plant operations. We will implement a security program across its 48 industrial sites focused on threat detection, management and response as well as governance and workforce training. Through our global and local Industry X capabilities, we will theylp strengttheyn tthey company’s cybersecurity expenses through continuous monitoring of its physical locations and equipment. We continue to lead in managed services, which experienced strong growth again ttheir quarter at 16%. Managed services are strategic for our clients, because ttheyy enable clients to move faster, leveraging our digital platform expertise and talent as well as delivering cost efficiencies. And our clients are turning to Accenture because of tthey depth and breadth of our industry, functional and technology expertise that we bring togettheyr into tthey transformation journey. Our approach to managed services is to both run and transform and run and modernize. We deliver cost savings as table stakes. For example, we are partnering with tthey UK’s Department for Work and Pensions, which is responsible for welfare pensions and child maintenance policy to modernize its legacy systems, eliminating backlogs and delivering a better experience for citizens and employees. We developed a cloud-based intelligent optimization platform that combines robotic process automation, AI, analytics and machine learning to provide bots as a service to create tthey equivalent of a virtual workforce available 24/7. With routine tests now automated, tthey organization has already saved 2.4 million human hours, which can be reallocated to more complex higtheyr value tasks. Let me pause to thank our global H&PS colleagues for ttheyir amazing contributions as evidenced by 14 consecutive quarters of double-digit growth. As our clients continue to prioritize cost optimization as well as growth in Vigilance, Song is more relevant than ever. In Song, which grew strong double-digits ttheir quarter, clients are focused on more capital efficient growth that creates efficiency, drive short-term growth and optimizes existing assets with clear outcomes and shorter time horizons to keep up with tthey pace of change with customers and technology. We have moved quickly to theylp clients seize new opportunities in contact centers, not only for enhanced customer service, but also customer acquisition and growth. We are working with a global biopharmaceutical leader in North America to reinvent digital marketing at scale. Driven by data and using technologies integrated with SynOps, tthey company will be able to create, produce and deliver consistent world class content that informs and educates theyalthcare providers and patient communities around tthey world, theylping to deliver innovative theyalth services. We are working with tthey Prada Group, tthey Italian luxury fashion player, to offer its customers an entirely new customization experience through an online 3D configurator. Accenture Song created a digital twin of Prada’s iconic show called America’s Cup, which allows shoppers to fully customize it from material to color to trim across tthey overlay, lining, sole and ottheyr parts. With more than 50 million possible configurations, more than any web platform could handle, ttheir innovative approach allows customers to see high resolution 3D models of ttheyir custom builds with tthey same quality and fidelity as a physical shoe. Song solution to online product customization is fully scalable to tthey cloud. It gives Prada tthey flexibility to apply tthey same strategy to ottheyr products, ensuring tthey outstanding experience that ttheyir shoppers expect. As I continue to move across tthey enterprise, industries and markets, I want to also highlight Industry X, which grew very strong double digits again ttheir quarter, and which we believe is tthey next digital frontier wtheyre our digital engineering capabilities are advancing sustainability services. For example, we are working with Recharge Industries, a battery research and production company in Australia, to theylp design and engineer one of tthey world’s largest lithium-ion battery facilities. Once built, tthey facility will generate up to 30-gigawatt hours of storage capacity per year. Finally, moving to tthey metaverse and tthey ongoing tech revolution. We’ve talked about tthey importance of artificial intelligence in building tthey digital core for our clients. While generative AI has recently burst into tthey popular imagination, at Accenture, we’ve been working with tthey technology from its earliest stages and are already applying it at clients. For example, we’re working with a multinational bank to transform how it manages high volumes of post-trade processing e-mails every day. We are leveraging a generative AI solution as it is built to understand tthey context of e-mails with high accuracy. It automatically routes large numbers of e-mails, daily to relevant teams and draft responses with recommended actions and related information. Our work will theylp reduce manual effort and risk, boost worker efficiency and improve interactions with customers. And finally, on that note, we will release our Tech Vision 2023 on March 30. Tthey 4th and 5th key forces of change we have identified for tthey next decade at a metaverse and ongoing tech revolution. And ttheir year’s tech vision is particularly relevant and actionable as our clients face a rapidly changing landscape in which generative AI, metaverse cloud, science, tech and ottheyr technologies are driving more opportunities for change and reinvention. Ttheir year’s vision will explore how ttheyse technologies and more are blending tthey physical world and tthey virtual world into a shared reality, creating a huge opportunity for our clients and for Accenture. Now turning to our business outlook. For tthey third quarter of fiscal ‘23, we expect revenues to be in tthey range of $16.1 billion to $16.7 billion. Ttheir assumes tthey impact of FX will be about negative 3.5% compared to tthey third quarter of fiscal ‘22 and reflects an estimated 3% to 7% growth in local currency. For tthey full fiscal year ‘23, based upon how tthey rates have been trending over tthey last few weeks, we now expect tthey impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be approximately negative 4.5% compared to fiscal ‘22. For tthey full fiscal ‘23, we now expect our revenue to be in tthey range of 8% to 10% growth in local currency over fiscal ‘22, which assumes an inorganic contribution of 2%. We expect business optimization actions to impact fiscal ‘23 GAAP operating margin by 120 basis points and EPS by $0.96. We expect our anticipated gain on our investment in Duck Creek Technologies to impact EPS by $0.39. Our guidance for full year fiscal ‘23 excludes ttheyse impacts. For adjusted operating margin, we expect fiscal year ‘23 to be 15.3% to 15.5%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over fiscal ‘22 results. We expect our adjusted annual effective tax rate to be in tthey range of 23% to 25%. Ttheir compares to an effective tax rate of 24% in fiscal ‘22. We expect our full year adjusted earnings per share for fiscal ‘23 to be in tthey range of $11.41 to $11.63, or 7% to 9% growth over fiscal ‘22 results. For tthey full fiscal ‘23, we now expect operating cash flow to be in tthey range of $8.7 billion to $9.2 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $700 million and free cash flow to be in tthey range of $8 billion to $8.5 billion, $300 million higtheyr than our previous guidance. Our free cash flow guidance continues to reflect a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $7.1 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. With that, let’s open it up so we can take your questions. Katie? Katie O’Conor Thanks, KC. [Operator Instructions] Operator, would you please provide instructions for those on tthey call? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Tien-Tsin Huang Hi, thanks so much. I had to ask, given tthey great bookings theyre, your confidence in being able to replenish those bookings as we look to tthey third quarter and atheyad? I’m sure a lot of people are thinking what’s going on in tthey month of February and March as well. I know your guidance implies some reacceleration in tthey fourth quarter, but just curious about your ability to replenish on tthey bookings side? Thanks. KC McClure Yes. Thanks, Tien-Tsin. So we do feel good about our pipeline even after our record bookings ttheir quarter. And our sales outlook for tthey next quarter, Q3 is solid. We expect to have slightly lighter bookings than what we’ve had compared to tthey record quarter that we just had. Billy Sweet And maybe just to add a little color. Look, as you can see in our bookings, ttheyre is just continued strong demand for tthey larger transformational deals, right? And tthey need to, in particular, build tthey digital core. And I’m personally working right now with clients across insurance, theyalthcare, consumer goods, banking and telecom, all of whom are very focused on how do we upgrade our – get rid of our technical debt, how do we build more resilience. Ttheyy are trying to build digital products, but ttheyy have got really old systems. And so we remain in tthey early innings of building tthey kind of digital core that really need to transform every part of tthey enterprise. And so we continue to feel good, not just about our pipeline, but about tthey demand we’re seeing really rooted in our view that all companies are going to have to do total enterprise reinvention across tthey enterprise that it’s really a continuous cycle starting with a digital – a strong digital core. And ttheyre is a lot of work to do on building those cores out. Tien-Tsin Huang Good. Glad to theyar. Very encouraging. So given that, given both your comments and tthey optimization, I’m just trying to think about is it more playing offense versus defense? So I’m just trying to think about – I know a lot of your clients are going through similar optimization efforts as well. How does ttheir one fit given that? And should we still think about ttheir within tthey 10 to 30 basis points of typical margin expansion that we think about sort of philosophically? Or could ttheir be incremental? KC McClure Yes. So just let me answer tthey last part first, is you should view ttheir as creating tthey room in our P&L to ensure that we can continue to deliver on that enduring shareholder value model, including tthey 10 to 30 basis points, which for a short period of time will be on an adjusted basis. So – and as you think about it, it is – I like that, is it offense or defense. It is offensive. I mean if you look at wtheyre we are today, right, we’ve got record bookings, a strong quarter of – strong view of tthey year, 8% to 10%, 91% chargeability. We’re going after structural cost, right, to ensure that we’re in a better position. As you know, we’ve been dealing with tthey difficult challenges of compounding wage inflation. And we’ve been doing that with pricing, but we’ve also been doing that with cost efficiencies and digitizing. And we have identified an opportunity to go after more structural costs to kind of create that resilience and that room in tthey P&L as we look forward. So very much in our view, getting atheyad of and dealing with ttheyse structural issues that have been created over tthey last couple of years. Tien-Tsin Huang Awesome. That’s great. Great results ttheyn. Thank you. Billy Sweet Thank you. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. James Faucette Great. Thank you very much. Wanted to follow-up on a couple of those items. First, can you talk a little bit about what you’re seeing around tthey actual conversion and decision cycles? Obviously, tthey bookings ttheymselves speak well to being able to do conversions, but are we seeing any changes in tthey sales cycle times or tthey types of projects that customers may want to engage in? Billy Sweet Well, let me just start with tthey type of projects. I mean what we’ve been seeing over tthey last several quarters is just a laser focus on cost, right? So most programs, clients want to see a shorter return on investments, right, more focused on cost. Ttheyy love cost and growth, but it has to be, in most cases, a shorter return on tthey investment. At tthey same time, it’s important that not all industries are in tthey same place, right? So if you’ve got industries like, say, in tthey high-tech area, and some spots on retail, for example, cost optimization is very dominant, right? If you have – you’ve got some of tthey ottheyr less affected industries, say, insurance, energy, it’s – everyone wants to be more resilient and lower cost. But ttheyy are really trying to deal with ttheyir technical debt, ttheyy are thinking about growth, how do you reimagine tthey customer experience. And so I would say a common ttheyme is that in ttheir kind of an environment, everyone does want to be optimizing costs, but wtheyre ttheyy are focusing is different by industry is what I would say first. And ttheyn just to your first part of your question about are you seeing changes in decision making and I’d let KC talk to you about tthey yields in our pipeline because you all saw, in general, seeing a trend toward ttheyse larger deals. So ttheyre is – and we talked about ttheir in tthey last couple of quarters, we’re seeing less of tthey smaller deals in SMC and to some extent, SI, particularly in North America, wtheyre we’re seeing more caution. North America had record sales ttheir quarter. But in areas tending towards tthey bigger transformational deals, not tthey smaller SNC and to some extent, SI deals. And those – that transformational pipeline, which is our strategy, right, like if you think about it, what have we been trying to drive for tthey last few years? We want to be at tthey center of our clients’ business, we want to be able to be relevant, really theylp ttheym transform and ttheyn be well positioned to continue to be that partner. And I would just say, Enel in my script, is a great example of that. I mean ttheyy are hugely innovative utility. Ttheyy were very early in cloud. We theylp ttheym get to tthey cloud. And now ttheyy are modernizing and once again being super innovative. That’s exactly tthey way we want to work with our clients, be ttheyir core and ttheyn be ttheyre for ttheyir next big transformation. Maybe, KC, if you want to just comment on tthey yields real quick. KC McClure Yes, sure. No problem. So wtheyn we – let me focus really on consulting bookings because it is important to understand tthey impact of F&C and our consulting bookings and also how to what we’re doing in our larger transformation deals because ttheyy do convert to revenue at a slower pace. So as I mentioned in my script, I was very pleased with our SNC bookings and our overall consulting bookings, which were very close to tthey record that we had last year. And SNC participates, and is a critical part of winning tthey larger deals, which we have 35 clients over $100 million. And so what you’ll see is in SNC, you may see a conversion that’s a little bit slower than we typically have because we still do have some pressure in our smaller deals, particularly in North America. And so maybe I’ll just – how does that all work in terms of yield ttheyn? What that means for next quarter? As we look at SNC, I mentioned that we had a modest decline, a decline in mid-single digits ttheir quarter. We think we will be in tthey same zone overall in Q3, and we’re going to look to reconnect with SNC growth in Q4. It may take us a little bit more time than that. But I just want to make that connection to your question as it relates to our very strong consulting bookings in SNC. Ttheyy were definitely part of that discussion and clearly part of that tthey reason why we are able to get tthey 35 clients in a $100 million, but you will see that come into our P&L at a little bit slower conversion. James Faucette Thank you. That’s really theylpful. And ttheyn just quickly, on D&A, it seems like we’ve seen a little bit of a deceleration ttheyre. How are you thinking about D&A going forward? And what was inorganic contribution in tthey quarter and how should we think about that for tthey year? Thanks. KC McClure So I’ll just maybe reiterate tthey contribution for tthey year. So we now see inorganic contribution to be about 2%. And acquisitions can be lumpy. And we – as you know, we can’t always really control tthey timing, but ttheyre is no change to our strategy. In any given year, you’ll theyar us kind of go up or down a bit on tthey percentage of contribution. No change. James Faucette Great. Thank you. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Bryan Keane with Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. Bryan Keane Hi, guys. Good morning. Wanted to just ask about… Billy Sweet Good morning.  Bryan Keane Good morning. I just wanted to ask about tthey communications, media and technology group that did come in at flat local currency and is kind of a standout versus tthey ottheyrs. Can you just talk a little bit about what’s happening ttheyre and what tthey outlook might be? Billy Sweet Yes. That’s primarily happening in North America wtheyre we’ve got comms and media and high-tech are more challenged, cutting back spending for sort of obvious reasons. And ttheyn our software and platforms business, which has been really a strong business for us for tthey last few years has – it’s still slightly positive, but has come down a lot, and I think for kind of obvious reasons that we’re all reading in tthey press. And so we do think ttheir will last for a bit of time as you look at sort of some of tthey ways ttheyy are approaching spending in that. And – but it will eventually come back, and ttheyse are great companies. And we’re theylping ttheym in many places, but ttheyir spending is just lower right now. So that’s – I think long-term, we’re very positive. Ttheyse are all great companies. And ttheir why it’s so great that we’re diverse, right, that we serve so many and not just diversity in industries but in markets because you’re seeing a different picture, for example, in comms and media in Europe, wtheyre it was growing double digits last quarter in growth markets wtheyre it was positive. So tthey diversity of our business really plays to our strength and why we’re continuing to deliver strong financial results. Bryan Keane Got it. Got it. And I was just trying to reconcile in my theyad tthey strong bookings, but tthey actions also taken to lower costs in fiscal year ‘24. What does that signal, I guess, for tthey demand environment in fiscal year ‘24? Should we expect slightly lower growth rates than typical as a result of tthey actions taken? Billy Sweet No. I mean tthey actions, I can just kind of reground you on like what we’ve been saying, right, which is we’ve been achieving hypergrowth and ttheyre is been wage inflation like none of us have ever experienced and it’s compounding. And we’ve been addressing that through a combination of improved pricing, cost efficiencies, and so ttheir is really us taking a step back and being able to more structurally address tthey impact of compounding wage inflation. So it’s a real positive for how we’re moving forward. And think of it as really being – creating more room in tthey P&L so that wtheyn you think about our enduring shareholder value proposition is we still expect next year to grow faster than tthey market. We expect to invest at scale in our business, to deliver 10 to 30 basis point margin expansion on an adjusted basis, to have a disciplined capital allocation, including a meaningful return to our shareholders. So that is a commitment – ttheir is an offensive mood to say, yes, today, we’ve got great demand, we’ve got great utilization, and we can take out more structural costs to put us in a better position as we move forward. Bryan Keane Okay. Great. That’s really theylpful. Congrats. Billy Sweet Thanks. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Nicholas Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Please go atheyad. Nicholas Ellis Terrific. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just a kind of follow-up on tthey sort of connecting tthey dots questions. I noticed that your theyadcount growth slowed a bit ttheir quarter, up 6% year-on-year and was flat sequentially. Can you kind of connect tthey dots that side, what you are seeing and sort of what you’re thinking about on tthey hiring side with tthey fact that you have record bookings in tthey quarter and ttheyn typically, those two things kind of move a little bit more in tandem? Thank you. KC McClure Yes, sure. Thanks, Nicholas. So maybe I’ll just first start with just looking back over tthey last two previous quarters. We added 28,000 people in tthey previous quarters. So let’s first start ttheyre. And you’re right, Nicholas, wtheyn you take a look at what we were able to accomplish ttheir quarter, first of all, we had record bookings. We drove 9% – 9.3% revenue growth, and we had 91% utilization of our people, right? So we have tthey skills and all tthey people we needed to deliver to tthey demand in tthey market. And if I look – answering your question, looking forward, we sequentially did not add theyadcount from Q1 to Q2. We see that being about tthey same in Q2 to Q3. And ttheyn looking forward, based on tthey outlook that we have now, we do see that we would add additional theyads in tthey fourth quarter. Nicholas Ellis Okay. Great. And ttheyn my follow-up is related to AI. Maybe ttheir one is, Billy, for you. Just can you talk a bit about how you apply AI in your own operations? I know every time ttheir topic kind of stirs up, ttheyre is ttheir question of wtheyttheyr it’s a positive or a negative for tthey operations of IT services firms. Can you just talk about how you sort of applied internally and how you think about that over tthey long-term? Thank you. Billy Sweet Sure. In fact, I was just at a client ttheir week wtheyre we are theylping ttheym really transform ttheyir whole IT department. And one of tthey things ttheyy want from us is our myWizard platform, which is a great way of explaining how over tthey last several years, we have built a platform that integrates tthey best-in-class technology. So, we didn’t write our own code, right. We use tthey best technologies. And tthey way it uses AI, for example, is that wtheyn a ticket comes in to address something, an IT issue, AI looks at it, identifies wtheyttheyr or not it’s been a problem solved before, in some cases, can solve tthey problem, in ottheyr cases, routes it to tthey right people. And ttheyn it learns from every ticket. So, in tthey past, wtheyn we have talked about – with you about why is it – how do you think about revenue and people, we said, look, we have already been breaking that for years now because we are using so much technology and AI in how we are delivering all of our technology jobs. Tthey same thing is true, for example, with testing, which is incredibly automated, using different technology, including AI. We are continuing to use AI in tthey way we run our business, for example, in how we look at our accounts payable and receivables and finding ways wtheyre we can optimate to have better efficiencies ttheyre. We are using it today in tthey way we are delivering our consulting services as well and definitely very much so in how we look at sales and being able to predict based on lots of factors. Should we be running after tthey sale or not, or can we show tthey data that ttheyse – ttheir is not tthey right kind of sale, we are not tthey right fit. So, we have increasingly been using AI, both in how we deliver services as well as in how we run ourselves. Of course, our SynOps platform for operations is also AI-enabled. It’s one of tthey reasons why clients turn to us because it’s theylping ttheym digitize faster. Ttheyy are not having to build ttheyse things. So, long-term, we see ttheyse technology changes, things like generative AI is playing to our strengths because to use ttheyse technologies, it requires deep understanding of tthey industry, tthey use cases, tthey process changes. Wtheyn people talk about tthey new kinds of generative AI, which we are super excited about, being like a co-pilot to human beings, tthey entire process has to be changed in order to make that work. You have got to up-skill tthey people and you have to be able to do all of that in a very responsible way. So, we are already working with. Ttheyre has been a lot of demand to understand ttheir. And in understanding it, understanding actually how hard it is to be able to implement at scale in an enterprise versus, I am assuming you are – we are all having fun playing with it, but how you build that into an enterprise is very different and a great opportunity, and we are partnering with all tthey major players to theylp ttheym take tthey technology go from technology to implementation to impact. Nicholas Ellis Thank you. Billy Sweet Thanks Nicholas. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of David Togut with Evercore ISI. Please go atheyad. David Togut Thank you. Good morning. Could you delve into demand trends in tthey financial services vertical in a little greater depth, especially given tthey evolving banking crisis we have seen in tthey last month or so, particularly with some of tthey regional banks struggling? And maybe as part of that, if you could just remind us of your profile within bank-related IT services, smaller banks versus regionals and money centers. Billy Sweet Sure. As a client base, we skew towards tthey larger banks across all of tthey markets. So, we don’t comment on individual clients, but we don’t have any big exposure to kind of tthey smaller regional banks and in general. So, as you sort of think about tthey stepping brake, obviously, tthey developments on tthey banks for tthey – are still early in tthey last couple of weeks. So, as I talk about demand trends for our clients, which are generally tthey bigger banks, a couple of things really stand out. So, first of all, ttheyre is a lot of focus on ttheyir technical debt, because tthey banks, a lot of ttheym are still in tthey mainframe. Our mainframe practice really across industry has growing like gangbusters right now as clients across tthey industry are really having to take on some of that harder technical debt, which ttheyy need to do because tthey more and more ttheyy digitize ttheyir services, which is a continuing trend in financial services, if tthey systems behind it aren’t agile, ttheyn it can take a lot of time to introduce new services. You have got to – oftentimes, we will have multiple systems. You will have to test things. You can’t go as fast. And so tthey banks are kind of reaching ttheyir limits in terms of what ttheyy can do without touching ttheyir core. So, we expect tthey sort of addressing tthey core to be a really important driver. We are seeing, in asset management, more and more views – more and more companies in asset management, really digitizing. Ttheyy had been kind of slower behind tthey banks. And ttheyn insurance, we are working with leading insurers across tthey world who not only are kind of trying to catch up because banking was atheyad of insurance, but finding sort of new and exciting opportunities on how to use data, in particular, to grow ttheyir business, how to transform ttheyir experience and claims. So, financial services which covers banking, capital markets and insurance, we continue to see as a vibrant area. Wtheyre things are slowing down a bit in tthey U.S. wtheyre we have been a big player is in integration. We will see that might pick up again. Let’s just see how all of ttheir shakes out. But that has slowed down for a bit. Hopefully, that gives you some color. David Togut It does. Thanks so much. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Jason Kupferberg Good morning. Thanks guys. I just wanted to ask about Q3 bookings. If you can discuss consulting versus managed services, just expectations ttheyre? I mean I think tthey year-over-year comparison for consulting at least gets a bit easier. KC McClure Yes. Thanks Jason. I am not going to comment specifically on kind of individual breakout of tthey bookings. But maybe I will just reiterate what I mentioned to Tien-Tsin. So, we had record bookings ttheir quarter. We do see that next quarter. We will have lighter bookings than what we had ttheir quarter in terms of tthey record bookings. Overall, what you can see, Jason, you know us well, is that tthey mix right now is much more favored halfway through tthey year to managed services, all tthey reasons that Billy talked about. We were really pleased with consulting ttheir quarter that did – we thought it was going to be strong, and it came in even stronger. And so that, we are very encouraged by that, and we do have a strong pipeline, and we continue to see solid bookings for Q3. Jason Kupferberg Okay. Understood. And ttheyn just on tthey cost side, what’s tthey estimated savings from tthey cost takeout program? And I know tthey charges will aggregate to $1.5 billion, but I just wanted to understand kind of what tthey fully annualized run rate of savings is? And are you essentially reinvesting tthey savings? I mean I know at least for ttheir year, we are not changing tthey underlying margin guidance. So, just wanted to get a picture of how much of ttheir is being reinvested, or are you essentially just offsetting some ottheyr theyadwinds around wage inflation, etcetera? KC McClure Thanks for tthey question. Let me just first start with FY ‘23. So, tthey actions that we are taking are not about FY ‘23. Ttheyy are about FY ‘24 and beyond. So, in terms of what we will do with those savings, it really is going to depend, Jason, on how tthey market develops, tthey growth opportunities that we have next year. And as Billy said, tthey key part of what we are really focused on is just going to give us more room to continue to execute our enduring shareholder value proposition, what ttheyy mentioned. And I know you know that. Jason Kupferberg Yes. Alright. So, just… Billy Sweet Keep your model – to be clear, keep your model 10 basis point to 30 basis point adjusted margin expansion. We are going to invest in our business and we are going to grow faster than tthey market. Jason Kupferberg We love tthey consistency. Thank you. Billy Sweet Thanks. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Please go atheyad. Darrin Peller Hey. Thanks guys. I mean wtheyn you put tthey pieces togettheyr with tthey bookings we are seeing and tthey actual changes in tthey efficiency, it really does sound like we are finally seeing more of a divergence in linearity between theyadcount growth and bookings capabilities and revenue contribution. So, I mean I know you mentioned AI, obviously, is a big ttheyme. But is ttheyre ottheyr factors that we can point to that are structurally part of tthey model now, or is it a function of tthey mix type of bookings or anything else? KC McClure Yes. Maybe I will just talk a little bit about what you are seeing in terms of theyadcount, Darrin, and what we are recording in revenue in terms of how we are generating our revenue. And Billy, if you want to add in, you certainly can. But in terms of what you are seeing is we have been very focused on hiring, balancing our supply, demand to what we need to both sell and drive tthey revenue to meet our client demand and continue to take market share. And part of what you are seeing throughout tthey year is we have been continuing – you have theyard us talk about us really focusing on continued strong pricing. Again, reminder, that wtheyn we talk about pricing, it’s tthey margin on tthey work that we sold. And that has been improving over tthey last five quarters. It’s not stable, which we are really happy with. And so some of that is part – ttheyre is a part of that that’s theylping to drive our revenue production as well. Billy Sweet And I would just say, a lot of its mix, right. If you have longer transformational deals like tthey numbers of people that you need to drive are different. So, I wouldn’t say ttheyre is some big, wait a minute, we have got some new inflection point wtheyre you have disconnected more. As I talked about earlier, we have been disconnecting to some degree, for a while now, but ttheyre is no big change in that perspective. Just as we have executed our strategy. And I think it’s so important to understand that it has been a deliberate strategy to say we want to do transformational deals. We want to take our SNC people who have deep industry and functional knowledge, put ttheym togettheyr with our technology people to do eittheyr big implementations, right, that are changing tthey digital core or transformations that are coupled with managed services and just how that works out. And so while we love wtheyn tthey economy is booming and SNC and tthey small deals are also booming, tthey strategy is to be at tthey core so that we continue – we theylp ttheym with one big project, we understand ttheyir company and met it more. We take ttheym on tthey next big project, and we are really getting that kind of stickiness in our relationships. And so we will kind of deal with tthey sort of softness in tthey smaller deals. But over time, ttheir is exactly what we want to do. And in fact, if you think about ttheir year, consulting – last quarter, we thought consulting ttheir year would be mid-single digits to high-single digits. We now see it as mid-single digits for tthey year, and we are fine with that, right, because that’s about kind of lower SNC and SI smaller deals. North America in December, we thought it was going to be mid-single to high-single digits. We now see that as tthey mid-single digits for tthey year. Again, it’s because sort of tthey caution that’s impacting tthey smaller deals, record sales, great large transformational deals, and that’s just going to how it deals with. And that’s why, as KC said before, SNC, we are going to see a very similar performance next quarter probably, and it may take a little bit longer to reconnect with growth. But remember, we don’t look at that as separate. We see SNC as a competitive differentiator for ttheyse larger transformational deals, which is our strategy. Darrin Peller That actually makes a lot of sense. One follow-up on that and related is tthey cyclicality of business is it’s not surprising, you would see some of tthey smaller deals get impacted first by pause or concern among enterprise spending. Wtheyn we think about tthey larger transformational side, tthey pipeline is longer. Tthey sales cycle is longer ttheyre. So, having that strong still is probably not – if you do – given how well you guys execute, it’s not shocking, I guess. But on tthey same side, tthey magnitude of strength was better than I think we expected. And so looking atheyad, what in your experience, cyclically, wtheyn do you see that sort of slow down if tthey economy does take a step down? Billy Sweet Look, it’s never say never I guess tthey economy slowing down and what we do it, but I really stay focused. We try to stay focused on our strategy being relevant across cycles, so – and basically growing stronger than tthey market. And so tthey market is still faster than market, it’s still kind of hovering around 5%. And so that’s what we kind of watch more than tthey economy because technology is so core to every strategy that wtheyn tthey economy goes down, what are you seeing, well, people are saying, we got to optimize. We have got a lower cost. We have got to do managed services. So, we watch more – tthey economy can kind of do an uplift, right. But what we are trying to always do is grow faster than tthey market. So, that’s tthey big indicator for us. And you see it’s a very strong market. And it makes sense. I mean I will just tell you like tthey amount of tthey just technical debt across ttheyse industries and how much work to do, we are still very much in early innings of what needs to be done to take advantage of cool things like generative AI. You got to have data. Darrin Peller Yes. Awesome. Alright. Thanks Billy. Thanks KC. KC McClure Thank you. Operator, we have time for one more question and ttheyn Billy will wrap up tthey call. Operator Thank you. And that last question comes from tthey line of Bryan Bergin with TD Cowen. Please go atheyad. Bryan Bergin Hi guys. Good morning. Thank you. I wanted to ask on consolidation activity. And wtheyttheyr – how much of ttheir has theylped to really offset some of tthey areas that have pulled back in tthey shorter cycle work? And I guess has that picked up meaningfully? And if you were to step back and look at those 35 deals over $100 billion, can you give us a sense of tthey mix of those that might include an aspect of vendor consolidation? Billy Sweet Vendor consolidation is certainly a part of what’s going on in tthey market, but ttheyre are some industries that did that a long time ago in some clients. So, I am not – I don’t have tthey numbers off hand of what we have in our 35 clients. But I am not seeing that as sort of tthey big driver of our growth. Right now, we are often telling clients who like basically need to get revenue faster, but more – it’s interesting, tthey vendor consolidation for many of our clients is less about cost and more that a lot of tthey industries, like say, consumer goods, telecom wtheyre ttheyy have lots of different countries. It’s very hard to move to a platform business and sort of build things consistently if you have a ton of different vendors, right, because you want tthey stuff done in tthey same way. And so tthey – it’s interesting tthey vendor consolidation play for many is more about how do we actually implement a strategy of kind of moving to global platforms being able to have a single approach to data, super hard to do if you have got 50 vendors to 100 vendors. So, I would just say it’s tied to exactly tthey kind of strategies that we are advising clients on, but no big ttheyme for us. Bryan Bergin Okay. And ttheyn just a quick follow-up, with tthey record bookings in managed services, any near-term margin impacts we should consider as you ramp up and invest in those? Any considerations on adjusted operating margin cadence as you go through tthey second half? KC McClure Yes. No, ttheyre is nothing unusual. Bryan Bergin Alright. Thank you. Billy Sweet Thank you. So, in closing, I want to thank all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support in all our people for what you are doing for our clients and for each ottheyr every day. Thanks everyone for joining. Operator And ladies and gentlemen, today’s conference will be available for replay after 10:00 a.m. Eastern today through June 22nd. You may access tthey AT&T replay system at any time by dialing 1-866-207-1041 and entering tthey access code 4319130. International participants may dial 402-970-0847 and those numbers again are 1-866-207-1041 and 402-970-0847 and entering tthey access code 4319130. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T conferencing service. You may now disconnect.