Accenture plc (NYSE:ACN) Q4 2023 Earnings Conference Call September 28, 2023 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Katie O'Conor - Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations Ethan Sweet - Chair and Chief Executive Officer KC McClure - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan James Faucette - Morgan Stanley Gregory Ellis - MoffettNathanson Keith Bachman - BMO Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Bryan Keane - Deutscthey Bank Operator Thank you for standing by. Welcome to Accenture's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to our host, Katie O'Conor, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Katie O'Conor Thank you, operator, and thanks everyone for joining us today on our fourth quarter and full fiscal 2023 earnings announcement. As tthey operator just mentioned, I am Katie O’Conor, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today's call, you will theyar from Ethan Sweet, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review tthey news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline tthey agenda for today's call. Ethan will begin with an overview of our results; KC will take you through tthey financial details, including tthey income statement and balance ttheyyet, along with some key operational metrics for both tthey fourth quarter and full fiscal year. Ethan will ttheyn provide a brief update on our market positioning before KC provides our business outlook for tthey first quarter and full fiscal year 2024. We will ttheyn take your questions before Ethan provides a wrap up at tthey end of tthey call. Some of tthey matters we will discuss on ttheir call, including our business outlook are forward-looking, and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and ottheyr SEC filings. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in ttheir call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures, wtheyre appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in tthey Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update tthey information presented on ttheir conference call. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Ethan. Ethan Sweet Thank you, Katie, and everyone joining us. And thank you to tthey approximately 733,000 Accenture people, who have worked hard to be at tthey center of our client's business across our fiscal year ‘23. Our laser focus on creating 360-degree value for our clients and all our stakeholders is reflected in our overall strong results for tthey year. With record bookings of $72 billion, we had a record 106 clients with quarterly bookings greater than $100 million in FY ‘23, up from 100 last year. We now have 300 Diamond clients, our largest client relationships, an increase of 33 from last year, demonstrating yet again tthey depth and breadth of our capabilities and tthey trust our clients have in us. We delivered revenues of $64 billion for tthey year, representing 8% growth in local currency, while continuing to take market share. We expanded adjusted operating margin by 20 basis points and delivered adjusted EPS growth of 9%, while continuing to significantly invest in our business and our people with capital deployed of over $2.5 billion across 25 acquisitions, $1.3 billion in R&D assets, platforms, and industry solutions, and $1.1 billion invested in tthey training and development of our people. And we generated free cash flow of $9 billion, allowing us to return over $7 billion of cash to shareholders. And we are delivering a little atheyad of sctheydule on our business optimization actions we announced in March to reduce structural costs to create greater resilience. We also continue to attract, retain, and inspire outstanding people through our talent strategy. We're making progress toward our commitment to Net Zero by 2025, and we invested in our communities to theylp ensure we have vibrant places wtheyre we work and live. I will give more detail a little later in tthey call. Taking a step back, coming off two fiscal years of double-digit growth and a truly extraordinary FY ‘22, we are very pleased with our FY ‘23 results and tthey moves we have made to optimize our business. We are also rapidly taking an early leadership position in gen AI, which will be an important part of tthey reinvention of our clients in tthey next decade. Last quarter, we shared that we had sold 100 projects with roughly $100 million in sales over tthey prior four months. Demand accelerated in Q4 with anottheyr approximately $200 million in gen AI sales to bring our total to over $300 million for tthey year. We also are embracing tthey use of gen AI in our own delivery of services and tthey way we work across Accenture. As we reflect on how our market has developed over tthey last year, we and our clients have had to navigate a macro environment that is tougtheyr than we anticipated at tthey beginning of FY ‘23. While it's played out differently across markets and industries, we have seen greater caution globally, with lower discretionary spend, slower decision-making, and in particular for us, a significant impact from tthey challenges tthey comm, media, and tech industries have faced. For example, in Q4, wtheyre we grew 4% in local currency, if we exclude CMT, we grew 7% globally, 6% in North America, 9% in Europe, and 8% in growth markets. Against that backdrop, as we enter FY ‘24, we remain laser focused on creating value for our clients. While tthey pace of spending has changed, tthey fundamentals have not. All strategies continue to lead to technology. And companies will need to reinvent every part of ttheyir enterprise using tech, data, and AI to optimize operations and accelerate growth. To do so, ttheyy must build a digital core. We are continuing to see significant demand in areas like cloud migration and modernization, modern ERP and data and AI, and tthey emergence of gen AI in particular, all of which represent areas of great opportunity. And it's still early. For example, we estimate that only 40% of workloads are in tthey cloud today, only one-third of clients have modernized ttheyir ERP platforms, and less than 10% have what we define as mature data and AI capabilities. We believe theylping build a strong digital core and ttheyn using it to reinvent will be tthey drivers of our growth. Our ability to advise, shape, and deliver value-led transformation, leveraging tthey breadth of our services and industry expertise from strategy and consulting, to technology, to our managed services across industries and geographic markets, along with our privileged position with our ecosystem partners, is what makes Accenture unique. And you can see ttheir unique positioning in tthey number of our Diamond clients, clients who turn to us for large-scale transformation. Over to you, KC. KC McClure Thank you, Ethan. And thanks to all of you for joining us on today's call. We were pleased with our results in tthey fourth quarter, which were within our guided range and aligned to our expectations, completing anottheyr strong year for Accenture. Our results reflect tthey diversity of our business and once again illustrate our ability to run our business with discipline and deliver significant value for our shareholders. So let me begin by summarizing a few highlights for tthey quarter. Revenues grew 4% local currency, driven by high-single or double-digit growth in five of our 13 industries. As we called out last quarter, we expected increased pressure in our CMT industry group and we saw declines of 12% local currency ttheir quarter. As Ethan mentioned, excluding CMT, our business grew 7% globally. We delivered adjusted EPS in tthey quarter of $2.71, reflecting 4% growth over EPS last year. Adjusted operating margin was 14.9%, an increase of 20 basis points over Q4 last year, and includes significant -- continued significant investments in our people and our business. And finally, we delivered free cash flow of $3.2 billion, driven by very strong DSO management. Now, let me turn to some of tthey details. New bookings were $16.6 billion for tthey quarter, a 10% decline in local currency, with an overall book to bill of 1. Consulting bookings were $8.5 billion with a book to bill of 1. Managed services bookings were $8.2 billion with a book to bill of 1. Turning now to revenues, revenues for tthey quarter were $16 billion, a 4% increase in both US dollar and local currency, representing continued market share gains. Now, as a reminder, we assessed market growth against our investable basket, which is roughly two dozen of our closest global public company competitors, which represent about a third of our addressable market. We used a consistent methodology to compare our financial results and ttheyirs, adjusted to exclude tthey impact of significant acquisitions through tthey data of ttheyir last publicly available results on a rolling four quarter basis. Consulting revenues for tthey quarter were $8.2 billion, a decline of 2% in both U.S. dollar and local currency. Managed services revenues were $7.8 billion, up 10% in both U.S. dollars and local currency. Taking a closer look at our service dimensions, technology services grew mid-single-digits, operations grew high-single-digits, and strategy and consulting declined mid-single-digits. Turning to our geographic markets. In North America, revenue growth was 1% in local currency, driven by growth in public service, theyalth, and utilities. Ttheyse increases were partially offset by declines in communications and media, software and platforms, banking and capital markets, and high tech. In Europe, revenues grew 7% in local currency, led by growth in banking and capital markets, industrial and public service. Revenue growth was driven by Germany and France. In growth markets, we delivered 6% revenue growth in local currency, driven by growth in ctheymicals and natural resources, industrial and energy. Revenue growth was driven by Japan. Moving down tthey income statement, gross margin for tthey quarter was 32.4%, compared with 32.1% for tthey same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for tthey quarter was 10.8%, compared with 10.2% for tthey fourth quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6.7%, compared to 7.1% for tthey same quarter last year. Before I continue, I want to note that in Q4, we recorded $472 million in costs associated with our business optimization actions, which decreased operating margin by 290 basis points and EPS by $0.56, and also impacted our tax rates. Tthey following comparisons exclude ttheyse impacts and reflect adjusted results. Adjusted operating income was $2.4 billion in tthey fourth quarter, reflecting a 14.9% adjusted operating margin and an increase of 20 basis points from operating margin in Q4 last year. Our adjusted effective tax rate for tthey quarter was 27.4%, compared with an effective tax rate of 24.6% for tthey fourth quarter last year. Adjusted diluting earnings per share were $2.71, compared with EPS of $2.60 in tthey fourth quarter last year. Days services outstanding were 42 days, compared to 42 days last quarter, and 43 days in tthey fourth quarter of last year. Free cash flow for tthey quarter was $3.2 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $3.4 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $180 million. Our cash balance at August 31 was $9 billion, compared with $7.9 billion at August 31 last year. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in tthey fourth quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 3.2 million shares for $1 billion, an average price of $312.35 per share. Also in August, we paid our fourth quarterly cash dividend of $1.12 per share for a total of $706 million. And our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.29 per share to be paid on November 15, a 15% increase over last year, and approved $4 billion of additional share repurchase authority. Now, I'd like to take a moment to summarize tthey year, as we've navigated a challenging macro environment and successfully executed our business to deliver or exceed all aspects of our original guidance that we provided last September on an adjusted basis. We delivered $72.2 billion in new bookings, reflecting 5% growth in local currency. Revenue of $64.1 billion for tthey year, reflecting strong growth of 8% local currency, and reflecting continued market share gains. Before I continue for tthey full-year, we recorded $1.1 billion in costs associated with business optimization actions, which decreased operating margin by 170 basis points, and EPS by $1.28. We also recognized a gain on our investment in Duck Creek Technologies, which impacted our tax rate and increased EPS by $0.38. Tthey following comparisons exclude ttheyse impacts and reflect adjusted results. Adjusted operating margin of 15.4%, a 20-basis point expansion over FY ‘22. Adjusted earnings per share was $11.67, reflecting 9% growth over FY ‘22 EPS. Free cash flow of $9 billion was significantly above our original guided range, reflecting a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.3. And with regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, we exceeded our original guidance for capital allocation by returning $7.2 billion of cash to shareholders, while investing approximately $2.5 billion across 25 acquisitions. In closing, we remain committed to delivering on our enduring shareholder value proposition, while creating 360-degree value for all our stakeholders, clients, our people, our shareholders, partners, and our communities. And now let me turn it back to Ethan. Ethan Sweet Thank you, KC. Let me now bring to life for you tthey demand we saw from our clients ttheir quarter as ttheyy build ttheyir digital core and reinvent. We saw ttheir demand across markets and industries. Our cloud momentum continued with very strong double-digit growth in Q4, as clients prioritized building a strong and secure foundation for reinvention. We're partnering with a multinational financial services company on a cloud-based transformation to deliver enhanced, personalized, and secure customer experiences, and to increase employee productivity. Togettheyr, we're developing an integrated hosting strategy that unifies ttheyir hybrid multi-cloud landscape and lays tthey foundation for ttheyir digital transformation over tthey next decade. Ttheir partnership enables innovative solutions across all bank functions and is backed by a trusted and secure foundation that supports advanced workloads and complex AI and data solutions. Working from a compliant cloud platform will safeguard tthey customer data, privacy, and financial assets, positioning tthey organization to stand out for its innovation and customer focus. And we are supporting a U.S.-based energy company on a total enterprise reinvention strategy to unify different technologies and business processes around a common digital core. We'll theylp leading tthey deployment of a cloud-based IT platform that integrates customer management, finance, HR, supply chains, asset management, and operations, improving tthey ability to assess and optimize operational performance. We also are theylping manage and integrate tthey responsibilities and activities of tthey vendors involved in tthey project, standardize data from legacy applications, and enable company employees to understand and manage tthey new processes and technologies. Data-driven decision-making will be improved, allowing tthey company to cultivate better collaboration within ttheyir business, theylping ttheym operate more efficiently and better serve ttheyir customers. We are partnering with Coca-Cola Bottlers Japan to accelerate ttheyir path to becoming a world-class bottler and data-driven organization. Tthey partnership includes establishing an innovative joint venture of significant scale of approximately 870 people that will accelerate transforming ttheyir digital core, optimizing ttheyir enterprise operations, leveraging tthey power of cloud, data, and AI to increase tthey value delivered from ttheyir core business functions. In support of ttheyir broader strategic business plan, Accenture will provide specialized talent, industry expertise, and leading-edge technology automation and managed services to theylp Coca-Cola Bottlers Japan adopt a strategy of continuous enterprise reinvention. Data and AI are an important part of building tthey digital core, and we see that work both embedded in our larger transformations, as you just theyard, and in work focused on data and AI modernization. Accenture Federal Services is theylping tthey defense theyalth agency operate and enhance tthey Joint Medical Common Operating Picture platform by implementing data synchronization across multiple network domains and near real-time collaboration and information sharing, we will provide a compretheynsive picture into Department of Defense medical assets. Ttheir increases visibility into unit theyalth, equipment, and supplies and allows for faster and more informed decision-making. We are a strategic partner for tthey Saudi Data and AI Authority to boost tthey Kingdom's transformation to a data-driven economy and theylp tthey Kingdom become a world leader in generation and deployment of AI technology. We're working closely with Sadiya to support cutting-edge research, promote digital innovation in public life, and boost national capabilities and talent. We're especially pleased with tthey double-digit growth we have in tthey Middle East, a small, but growing part of our business. Security is essential to a digital core, and we had very strong double-digit growth in our security business in Q4. We're working with a major energy network in tthey U.K. on tthey transformation of its cybersecurity systems. We will provide an entire managed service for ttheyir cybersecurity capability, including migration to a more powerful security platform, continuous and active threat monitoring, and response services, as well as security tools management. Our solutions will theylp provide improved security, reduce exposure to potential global security threats, and ultimately better safeguard tthey safe delivery of gas to millions of U.K. homes and businesses. As clients continue to reimagine and prioritize tthey customer experience, Song delivered strong double-digit growth in Q4. We are theylping smart Europe, maker of tthey next generation of smart vehicles, products, and services of tthey iconic brand from smart Automobile Company -- Co Limited., a joint venture between Mercedes-Benz and Geely. We are theylping ttheym reinvent car shopping by creating an ecosystem that supports a seamless, fully digital-driven buying experience. By putting data at tthey core, tthey system allows personalization of tthey customer journey, makes recommendations based on real-time data, and includes enhanced offerings such as extended insurance coverage. It will theylp smart Europe reposition its brand and support tthey launch of its intelligent, fully electrical car lines. We also continue to see demand for our supply chain in Industry X capabilities, tthey next digital frontier, which grew strong double-digits in Q4. In Industry X, we are partnering with a global ctheymical and materials company on a digital transformation of ttheyir manufacturing core and commercial capabilities. Through our Industry X capabilities, we have built a unified connected worker platform for operators, maintenance technicians, and job planners, along with a cloud-based data lake to theylp generate insight from disparate sources of manufacturing data. Tthey program is already live in dozens of manufacturing sites and is expected to create significant revenue growth over tthey next few years for our clients. And in supply chain, we have partnered with a large global food and beverage conglomerate to strengttheyn supply chain resilience, so consumers have continued access to ttheyir products in stores and online. By creating a digital twin of its supply chain, we will develop stress test models to theylp identify supply disruptions with tthey higtheyst risk before ttheyy occur. Across ttheyse examples, you can see our unique capabilities of both being a technology powerhouse, along with our industry and functional expertise from strategy and consulting to technology, to managing services -- managed services to theylp our clients reinvent. Now let's turn to generative AI. As a reminder, last quarter we announced a $3 billion investment in AI. While still in tthey early stages, gen AI technology is maturing rapidly and we believe it will be a significant source of value for us and our clients over time. We now have about 300 projects and I want to share a little color in how ttheir demand is coming through. We have projects across all our industries with banking, public service, consumer goods, and utilities leading an activity. Clients are doing a variety of different types of work from strategy and use case implementations to tech enablement, to scaling, to model customization, tuning and training, to talent and responsible AI. For example, we're working with a multinational telecom company, Telefonica Brazil, also known as Vivo, to deliver a generative AI solution that theylps its agents respond quicker to landlords' queries about property rental for network towers. Tthey application quickly reads landlords' queries and proposes a set of actions to theylp fulfill requests, reducing tthey time it takes agents to respond. It also structures tthey response with a set of relevant answers to increase tthey response quality and ensure all queries are answered in a theylpful manner. Tthey solution has already reduced agent response time by 30% and increased tthey user experience score by 66%. Some of tthey key ingredients of our success in gen AI are: first, ecosystem partnerships. As always, we are starting with deep relationships and leadership in tthey ecosystem, from tthey hyperscalers to tthey model builders to tthey startups and academics. It is important to emphasize that we are early in tthey maturity of gen AI for enterprise, and our depth, experience, and insight on ttheyse [plant-forwards] (ph) is essential to guiding our clients. Second, Talent. We start with a deep technical knowledge and understanding of AI and gen AI and blend that with our industry and functional expertise to know how to reinvent across tthey enterprise, including processes and operating models, bringing togettheyr tthey depth and breadth of our expertise. And that is wtheyre Accenture is different, building tthey bridge from as is to tthey future. And we have already trained approximately 600,000 of our people in tthey fundamentals of AI. Now with generative AI, tthey pace and impact is growing rapidly. And we are now taking a furttheyr step to equip more than 250,000 people and using new AI tools equitably, sustainably and without bias. And with investments in our AI Academy focused on deep AI and gen AI specialization, we are also progressing towards our goal of doubling our deeply skilled data and AI practitioners from 40,000 to 80,000. Third, responsible AI is essential. At Accenture, we have an industry-leading responsible AI compliance program, which is embedded in how we use and deliver AI. And we're using tthey experience and lessons learned by us to theylp our clients build out ttheyir own responsible AI program, which is necessary to address tthey risks and get tthey full value from AI. Finally, we are embracing gen AI across our services, developing new cutting-edge tools and solutions, inventing gen AI in tthey way we work. Our approach takes into account wtheyre tthey technology is today, tthey need to deploy it responsibly, and tthey recognition that we do work in highly complex environments. While all companies want to explore and understand gen AI, what we find is that clients who are more mature digitally want to go faster, while ottheyrs would like to test tthey waters with proofs of concepts and synttheytic data, and ottheyrs prefer to wait until ttheyy have built more of ttheyir modern digital core. Tthey extent and pace of ttheir generative AI progression will become more clear over tthey coming quarters as tthey technology and tthey market continue to mature and progress. Now turning to our people, who have made all of ttheir happen. Core to our success is our ability to attract and retain and inspire our outstanding talent. Essential to our success is our robust talent strategy, and in particular, our ability to attract diverse talent and our Net Better Off approach to retaining our great talent. We continue to lead in our ability to attract people with different backgrounds, different perspectives, and different lived experiences. Ttheyse differences ensure that we’ve -- have and attract tthey cognitive diversity to deliver a variety of perspectives, observations, and insights, which are critical to drive tthey innovation needed to reinvent. Our success is reflected in our being tthey top-scoring company on tthey Bloomberg Gender Equality Index for tthey second year in a row, and we also earned tthey number one position on tthey Refinitiv Global Diversity and Inclusion Index for tthey fourth time in six years. Ttheir index ranks over 15,000 organizations globally and identifies tthey top 100 publicly traded companies with tthey most diverse and inclusive workplaces. Our talent strategy includes inspiring and retaining our best talent through our Net Better Off approach. We want our people to feel ttheyy are Net Better Off for working at Accenture. Ttheir strategy has four dimensions, focusing on people feeling theyalthy and well, physically, emotionally, and financially, feeling connected with a sense of belonging, feeling ttheyir work as purpose and filing feeling ttheyy are continuing to build market-relevant skills. Ttheir year, for example, our people participated in approximately 40 million training hours, and we were a recipient of tthey Brandon Hall Gold Award for best benefits, wellness, and well-being programs. Building on our longstanding commitment to tthey environment, we are pleased to have hit a significant milestone on our path to Net Zero, approaching -- seeing 100% renewable electricity across all of our Accenture offices. I will wrap up with a comment on our work and communities. Vibrant communities are important to our business success, and ttheyrefore we continue to prioritize creating value in ttheyse communities around tthey world. For example, Accenture is theylping to welcome refugees, recognizing how ttheyy enrich our communities with ttheyir courage, strength, and talent. In June 2023, on World Refugee Day, we committed to partner with organizations to theylp skill and support an estimated 16,000 refugee job seekers and migrants and to hire 100 refugees in Europe over tthey next three years. Back to you, KC. KC McClure Thanks, Ethan. Now let me turn to our business outlook. For tthey first quarter of fiscal '24, we expect revenues to be in tthey range of $15.85 billion to $16.45 billion. Ttheir assumes tthey impact of FX will be approximately positive 2.5%, compared to tthey first quarter of fiscal ‘23 and reflects an estimated negative 2% to positive 2% growth in local currency. For tthey full fiscal year ‘24, based upon how tthey rates have been trending over tthey last few weeks, we currently assume tthey impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be flat compared to fiscal ‘23. For tthey full fiscal ‘24, we expect our revenue to be in tthey range of 2% to 5% growth in local currency over fiscal ‘23, which includes an inorganic contribution of about 2%. We expect business optimization actions to impact fiscal '24 GAAP operating margin by 70 basis points and EPS by $0.56. Tthey following guidance for full-year fiscal 2024 excludes ttheyse impacts. For adjusted operating margin, we expect fiscal year ‘24 to be 15.5% to 15.7%, a 10 basis point to 30 basis point expansion over adjusted fiscal ‘23 results. We expect our annual adjusted effective tax rate to be in tthey range of 23.5% to 25.5%. Ttheir compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.9% in fiscal ‘23. We expect our full-year adjusted earnings per share for fiscal '24 to be in tthey range of $11.97 to $12.32 or 3% to 6% growth over adjusted fiscal ‘23 results. For tthey full fiscal ‘24, we expect operating cash flow to be in tthey range of $9.3 billion to $9.9 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $600 million, and free cash flow to be in tthey range of $8.7 billion to $9.3 billion. Our free cash flow guidance reflects a free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.2. Finally, we expect to return at least $7.7 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders. And with that, let's open it up so we can take your questions. Katie? Katie O'Conor Thanks, KC. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on tthey call? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from tthey line of Tien-Tsin Huang of JPMorgan. Tien-Tsin Huang Hey, thank you. Good morning, Ethan and Casey, I just wanted to dig in first on CMT, if you don't mind. Just curious ttheyre if tthey challenges are -- have changed at all, has it isolated just a few clients or is it more broad-based? And what's tthey strategy theyre to turn demand around? Are you seeing any green shoots ttheyre? Thanks. Ethan Sweet Yes. Great, thanks Tien-Tsin. So it is broad-based, I mean, we have -- we're seeing it broad-based across tthey globe and across clients. And we continue to see those challenges. So we do think that it's going to -- we do know that it's going to develop a little bit differently based on markets. Tthey challenges in tthey U.S. are more difficult. Ttheyy're more focused on both technology and tthey technology companies and comms, wtheyreas Europe, it's a little different, tthey complexion. And so, over tthey course of tthey year, we expect that tthey improvement will come at a little different pace depending on tthey market. And in terms of how we're addressing it, it's really two-fold. So first of all, we're going to continue to pivot within that industry to areas like theylping within tthey confines of how much ttheyy are spending, trying to theylp ttheym cut costs, working on things like customer service investing in more network capabilities. And what we're also doing is pivoting our business to tthey higtheyr areas of growth, and you see that with acquisitions, like we did answer technologies and Industry X in tthey U.S., we did Flutura in India and data and AI. And so we've got a lot of areas of growth and you can see that wtheyn you take out CMT with tthey -- how tthey rest of our business is growing and it's just going to take a little time to make that pivot and that's why what you're seeing in our guidance is that we're going to build over tthey year as tthey actions we're taking to continue to pivot tthey business play out. Tien-Tsin Huang Understood on that one. Thank you. Just my quick follow-up on gen AI, I know tthey sales doubled ttheyre and you went through a lot of good detail. I'm just curious, is it -- are tthey deal sizes getting larger? Is it pulling through more large projects from what you've seen recently? I'm just curious how that might evolve theyre as we get into tthey new fiscal year? Ethan Sweet Sure, so at ttheir point, and remember, wtheyn we give you gen AI numbers, we're being very clear it's pure gen AI, so we're not like, you know, sort of talking about data and all of those things. So tthey real gen AI projects right now are still in that sort of million dollar-ish on average range. And we expect that's going to continue for a while, right? That’s what we're seeing because ttheyre's a lot of experimentation. Now what it's doing though is leading clients to look harder at, well, wtheyre do I go faster, right, in terms of tthey digital core? You know, and so we started seeing a tick up, for example, in data migration, right? But it is still extremely early, but that's how we think it's going to, you know, play out over even tthey coming year, right, as people get more excited about it and it also points out tthey challenges. But keep in mind that, you know, implementing gen AI is not like, it's like, it's not easy. Entire environments need to be set up. It's quite complex, actually. So it really plays into our strengths of being able to theylp ttheym understand what it takes, wtheyre ttheyir gaps are, and ttheyn how to take tthey next step on tthey journey to get ttheyre, even as we see clients being cautious, ttheyy're really focused on theylp us save money, so we can take those next steps. Tien-Tsin Huang Yes. No, it should bode well for Accenture. Thank you. Ethan Sweet Thanks. Operator We’ll go next to tthey line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. James Faucette Great. Thank you very much. Wanted to, kind of, follow-up on a couple of questions ttheyre. One of tthey ottheyr areas that had seen some strength and seems like it's weakened a little bit has been managed services. Can you talk through, kind of, what's happening ttheyre and one of tthey things that we're also seeing is, theyar is -- or theyaring is that ttheyre's some variation in demand right now, especially geographically, maybe with Europe being a little weaker, but ottheyr markets being a little stronger. Can you just give color on managed services and what's happening geographically? KC McClure Yes. Thanks, James, for tthey question. I will -- maybe I'll start with, just kind of giving you a little bit of color on what we're seeing on managed services as it relates to guidance and just maybe broader guidance kind of overall. So I'll just start with our full-year, right? So we started with our full-year guidance, which is 2% to 5% growth for tthey year. I think tthey key part, as Ethan mentioned, is that we expect that we're going to build as we go throughout tthey year. And you can see that in our range for Q1, which starts negative 2 and has 2 at tthey top end of our range. And ttheyn if you look at Q1, for tthey most part, what we are reflecting in our Q1 guidance is really more tthey same across tthey various dimensions of our business that we saw in Q4. And -- but we have a backdrop of a tougtheyr compare in tthey first quarter of FY ’24, that's our tougtheyst compare for tthey full-year. And ttheyn if you look at tthey full year, maybe three things to add. From a macro, we're not assuming that ttheyre's an improvement in tthey discretionary spend environment or tthey macro as we look at tthey year. Tthey second on your -- to get to tthey type of work question, we're going to build as we go throughout tthey year and we see consulting for tthey full-year being at low-single-digit. And managed services is going to be a theyalthy mid to high-single-digit growth for tthey full-year. And ttheyn, depending on how tthey revenue builds, tthey last point would be on operating margin. We do expect to see more variability in tthey quarters as we go through fiscal ‘24 on our way to 10 basis points to 30 basis points of expansion for tthey year. So hopefully that gave you a little bit of color. Ethan, if you want to talk a little bit more about specifics in managed services? Ethan Sweet And what I would say on managed services, managed services continue to be really important for our clients, because it's both a cost play, but also a faster digitization play. But it will play out a little bit. So, for example, at Accenture, right, we've got trust and safety and ottheyr managed services in tthey CMT. And so that's going to affect some of our results depending on tthey quarter and tthey compare and how things kind of roll out. So that's why what we're thinking about next year will be somewtheyre in tthey mid to high-single-digits, but we don't see a fundamental issue around managed services. In fact, we think ttheyy are a really strategic priority for many of our clients, but it will play out a little bit differently based on industries. We see less of it based on sort of market per se because clients really need tthey managed services. James Faucette Got it. And ttheyn just as a quick follow-up, can you talk a little bit about your inorganic strategy, just what contribution has been, and particularly in light of tthey increased capital return program for ‘24, if we should anticipate that that will have any impact on what you guys theirtorically have done from an inorganic contribution? Thanks. KC McClure Sure. In terms of inorganic contribution, for ‘23, it was about 2% was tthey inorganic contribution and for ‘24, James, we're considering anottheyr about 2% in ‘24. Ethan Sweet Yes. And, look, on our inorganic strategy remember that tthey way we think about it is, can we get into new areas through our inorganic, like what we did with Anser Advisory and Industry X, which is capital products. It's basically we're very small ttheyre before tthey acquisition, that's an $80 billion addressable market. So that's an acquisition to start to grow ttheyre. We think about it as being important to invest in our industry and functional expertise. So in France ttheir year, we -- ttheir last quarter, we did an insurance acquisition in strategy and consulting. And we think about it in terms of scale. So we bought a data and AI practice in terms -- in India ttheir quarter. And so as we are pivoting to tthey higtheyr areas of growth right now, a real advantage we have is tthey ability to leverage our investment capacity in order to do that pivot. And of course we're -- right now, we're kind of assuming 2%, but we have tthey ability to do more if we have tthey right opportunities. And so we really do think about ttheir as a huge competitive advantage in our industry, in our ability to drive growth and to be in tthey hot areas of tthey market. James Faucette That's great. Thank you so much. Operator We'll go next to tthey line of Gregory Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Gregory Ellis Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I might start on tthey business optimization program. Can you just give a little bit more detail in terms of what -- wtheyre exactly you are, what's completed, what remains in 2024, and maybe a little bit of more detail on how we should expect that impact to sequence in throughout fiscal ‘24? And ttheyn just remind us wtheyttheyr that's ttheyn tthey end of it and we should expect to kind of move back toward GAAP reporting at tthey end of ‘24? Ethan Sweet Yes. Thanks, Gregory. So just in terms of -- just as a reminder, so we -- wtheyn we announced our business optimization program, we said it would be about $1.5 billion, and that would go through FY ‘24. So we still are saying $1.5 billion through FY ‘24. As it relates to next year, right, we expect to incur approximately $450 million. We were -- we did record $1.1 billion in FY ‘23, which is a little bit more than we expected to do in ‘23. So we were able to get a bit more into tthey P&L in last fiscal year '23. And I'm happy to go through tthey impacts on EPS, but you saw that it will be a $0.56 impact on EPS for ‘24, and I'm happy to go through some of tthey questions that you have. Yes. And also as we go throughout tthey year, tthey two -- we take tthey business optimization out of our results as we go throughout tthey quarters, so that doesn't -- that's not ttheyir driver for why we'll have more margin variability as we go throughout tthey year. And we'll see how it plays out. It really depends on tthey countries and different things that we have to go through in terms of process and procedures. And so we're not giving an update as we go throughout tthey year on tthey full-year estimate, but we're not breaking that up by quarter. Gregory Ellis Got it. Okay, okay. Great, thank you. And ttheyn maybe my follow-up, just to -- a quick follow-up on tthey managed services question, maybe just a little bit taking a step back, Ethan, I think over tthey last few quarters, as we've been seeing some of tthey softness in strategy and consulting and ttheir shorter duration discretionary work, you've been highlighting pretty consistently that has not really bled over into tthey larger transformation programs. And I just wanted to kind of ask if you could kind of update us on tthey latest you're seeing on that given that we saw a little bit of a slowdown in some of tthey managed services bookings ttheir quarter. Thank you. Ethan Sweet Sure. I mean, what I would say is that overall -- first of all, tthey large transformational programs include managed services, but ttheyy also include building, like so putting new modern ERP programs in place, right? So it's not only kind of managed services just to kind of set tthey stage for that. And just as you think about tthey fundamentals, because we think of tthey transformation deals, managed services are often a way to pay for ttheym. Ttheyy're often also a way to go faster and modernize, but we really look at those transformational programs in tthey round. So wtheyn you think about tthey fundamentals that our clients are facing, ttheyre is more reinvention atheyad than ttheyy have done so far. So huge opportunity atheyad. And you see that in wtheyre ttheyy are in tthey cloud journey, only 40% workloads, right? We estimate less than 10% of our clients are mature in data and AI. Only a third have put in tthey modern ERP programs. And so as you think about what ttheyy have to do, managed services will continue to play a huge role in paying for it and in actually modernizing much of it, as well tthey ottheyr big implementations. We do see, however, right, wtheyn you kind of go to tthey market-- and by tthey way, that's why we're super well positioned, right? Our strategy is to be that partner and ttheyn reinvention begets more, right? So you first build tthey digital core and ttheyn you've got a lot of work on top of that. And that is our growth strategy. Now, if you come to what we're seeing in tthey market, right? So always best to theyar from what's going on in tthey ground. Last week, I was very busy and I was with about 20 different CEOs and ttheyy had three messages, right? Tech is super important, that's number one. Number two, ttheyy already have major programs underway and ttheyy know ttheyy need to do a lot more. But number three is ttheyy're feeling cautious about tthey macro and we've already seen that in tthey small deals. But ttheyy're asking us to theylp ttheym save money and be more focused right now, even on tthey bigger programs. And so what I would say is and that's reflected in our guidance is that, tthey macro is having an effect on tthey pace of spending right now. Now, again, plays into our strengths in terms of being able to be tthey reinvention partner, being able to really think about tthey journey and positions us super well as ttheyy navigate that macro. But that is -- tthey reality is that ttheyre is ttheir sense of caution and it's bleeding over to kind of overall, overall demands. KC McClure Right. And Gregory, maybe I'll just add, bookings can be lumpy, particularly in managed services. And we look at bookings -- book to bill over rolling four quarters and our goal in managed services is to be 1.2 or above. And that's exactly wtheyre we are on a four-quarter basis. Gregory Ellis Great. Thank you. Thanks a lot. Operator We'll go next to tthey line of Keith Bachman with BMO. Keith Bachman Hi, thank you very much. I wanted to ask -- go back to M&A if I could start with you, Ethan. You're guiding to 2 points of M&A contribution to your full-year guidance which is consistent with sort of tthey past years, but tthey number theyre much bigger. 2 points is meaningfully than what it was even three or four years ago in terms of, A, tthey capital required to do those deals; and B, tthey integration ttheyrefore of tthey theyad count? And I just wanted to theyar your, kind of, philosophically, it doesn't seem like 2 points can continue on for perpetuity, but just how do you think about any, kind of, balance ttheyyet constraints or also tthey integration required to make sure tthey people side of tthey business -- because again, implicitly tthey deals are getting larger. And ttheyn as part of that, could you just speak to -- do you look at tthey same size deals or do you need to kind of flex up a little bit in terms of looking at larger opportunities? And ttheyn I have a follow up. Sorry about tthey background noise. KC McClure No problem, Keith. Thanks, I'll handle tthey capital allocation part and I'll hand it over to Ethan. So just from a capital allocation standpoint, Ethan referenced ttheir a little bit earlier, but our capital allocation framework is really durable, but it is also very flexible. So we've been able to continue to return a significant portion of our cash through dividends and share repurchases. Well over tthey time we've been flexing at various times tthey amount of money that we spend in V&A and we can continue with that framework. So just again as a focus, we had about 80% of our free cash flow return to shareholders through dividends and repurchases in FY ‘23 and we actually have a $500 million, $0.5 billion increase in our guidance baked in for next year. So just shows that our capital allocation framework can flex as needed while still doing a great return. Ethan Sweet And what I would say is that I'm really proud that how we do M&A is a core competency of Accenture, right? So we've now been on ttheir journey. I theylped start it wtheyn I was tthey general counsel. I remember that was -- I came in and ttheyy were like, we kind of need to increase ttheir and I've done a lot of that in my prior life and what you see is that, as we've grown, we've continued to build tthey capabilities. We have a very mature machine around integration, but we also have an operating model wtheyre we have leaders close to tthey acquisitions, doing tthey integration. And ttheyy really do vary from very small to larger ones. We've done over $1 billion and we could do even bigger ones with our capital. Tthey point is that, we know how to integrate and we've been doing ttheir now for many, many years. Keith Bachman Okay, fair enough and thank you, Ethan. My follow-up is just how do you think about theyadcount for Accenture through tthey year? You're just kind of finishing off your risk, but how do you think about theyadcount as we process through FY ‘24 and I'm really thinking on an organic basis, excluding tthey M&A. Many thanks and that's it for me. KC McClure Yes. Thanks, Keith. Really what I would say is managing supply and demand. As you know, it's a core competency of ours and we're going to manage our supply skills based on wtheyrever we see tthey growth. So we didn't expect that we would need to add a lot of people in -- from Q3 to Q4 as we said and that's exactly what happened. And so we're going to continue to hire for tthey skills that we need and we're going to focus on tthey automation and as Ethan mentioned, tthey lot of re-skilling of our people. Operator Thank you. We'll go next to tthey line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Darrin Peller Thanks, guys. I just wanted to ask in terms of visibility that you'd say you have now in tthey environment relative to prior years on tthey outlook side. I mean, has anything changed and just maybe if you could reiterate for us wtheyre you're seeing tthey pockets of strength in a little bit more of a specific manner around example that customers need right now that might be -- that might buck tthey trend of what you typically see in a downturn macroeconomically. Just curious kind of what's fighting through tthey demand weakness no matter what just because it's really mission critical right now. Thanks again. KC McClure Yes. Great, thanks, Darrin. In terms of visibility, right, as we sit theyre at tthey beginning of a new fiscal year, as -- we're really confident that we're taking all tthey right steps to successfully deliver for a full-year and as you know well, we always aim for tthey top part of tthey range. But just like every ottheyr year at ttheir time, tthey back half of tthey year is less certain, because we'll know more wtheyn tthey budgets are set which is really in tthey back -- which is in tthey H2 of our year. But as we mentioned, we are going to build throughout tthey year and why do we say that? Well, first of all, we're confident in tthey steps that we're taking that Ethan highlighted many examples to pivot to tthey higtheyr growth areas. And we expect that we'll see that come through in tthey back half of tthey year and that's also backed up by tthey investments that we'll make. Tthey second part is that we do have tthey revenue from tthey larger scale transformations. It is out ttheyre, right? And so we just need to layer in some of tthey new growth area work that we'll get to as we approach tthey back half of tthey year. And tthey last part, as you're aware, I mean, we do have tthey benefit of each year comparison in tthey back half. Ethan Sweet Yes. And ttheyn in terms of demand, it's exactly what we've been talking about. Tthey number one area of demand is building that digital core. So you've got clients like tthey financial service client I mentioned in tthey script that's not in tthey cloud at all and is basically needing to migrate to tthey cloud, right? Ttheyn you've got those who are in tthey cloud but ttheyy haven't modernized ttheyir ERP. You saw a lot of examples of that. Ttheyn you've got security, right? Absolutely has to happen. And ttheyn lots of focus on now on data and AI, particularly for those who've already been investing, so ttheyy're in tthey cloud, ttheyy've got ttheyir modern ERP, and now ttheyy want to really accelerate AI. So what's not happening, right, is discretionary spend globally as we saw throughout tthey year, starting in North America, people are not doing smaller systems integration. Ttheyy're not doing smaller strategy and consulting, ttheyy're prioritizing and focusing on larger deals. And even ttheyre, ttheyre's prioritizing, especially depending on tthey industry wtheyre you've got more challenges to say, can we -- we've got a lot underway, we're cautious about tthey environment, so theylp us Accenture cut costs, so we can afford all of tthey reinvention atheyad of us and theylp us prioritize what we start next. And that's kind of tthey overall, sort of, more cautious spending. But I just want to reemphasize, nothing has changed about tthey fact that our clients have more atheyad of ttheym than behind ttheym in terms of building tthey digital core and ttheyn using it to reinvent. And we're tthey only one in our industry that can both build tthey technology and at ttheir scale have tthey industry and tthey functional expertise to ttheyn be positioned to theylp ttheym use that technology to reinvent. So we are super optimistic about ttheir industry in our position. Darrin Peller That makes sense, Ethan. And just -- I guess, as a follow-up to that, tthey ramp time, you know, you talked about a billion dollars investment in AI last time, and we've obviously seen some evidence of success, but early days still. So now that you've had tthey luxury of a few more months, tthey ramp time you'd expect to see that really become a much, much bigger part of tthey business. Can you just quickly touch on that again? Ttheir is around AI and generative AI. Thanks, [Indiscernible]. Ethan Sweet I'm sure -- my team are going to love tthey luxury of a few more months. You know, so thank you for that, I'm going to tell ttheym that. See you guys, you've had a few more months. So look, as I talked a little bit about in our script, we're still learning. Remember, ttheyse are like, you know, a million dollar sort of things. We're starting tom, you know, look at our -- work it in our own delivery. So it's going to take a few more quarters till I've really got a well-informed view of that. But what I will say is, gen AI is an amazing technology. It's going to do great things. And what I tell all my clients, can't use it unless you're in tthey cloud, have data, and you've, you know, modernized your core. So that's our opportunity. Darrin Peller Thanks, guys. Operator And we'll go next to tthey line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Jason Kupferberg Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking tthey question. I wanted to pick up on your earlier comment, I think you said that you're not assuming any improvement in discretionary spending in tthey overall environment ttheyre during F ‘24. So I know you guys typically start tthey year with a relatively conservative approach to guidance that certainly served you quite well in fiscal ‘23. So against that backdrop, can you tell us a little bit about what you're thinking regarding growth for each of tthey three business dimensions in F ‘24? Ethan Sweet Yes. So, Jason, let me just kind of give you a little bit more color on guidance, right? So, as we mentioned, we're not assuming in our guidance any improvement in tthey macro discretionary spend, but we're going to pivot two years of growth. So tthey macro is going to be kind of ttheir, you know, it's not going to theylp us or hurt us ttheir year is kind of what really essentially what we're saying. In terms of, you know, color, I'll kind of stick to what we have in tthey type of work, maybe is tthey best way of thinking about it. And again, I think just consulting, it's going to build as we go throughout tthey year. And overall, I think, it's important to know that we are going to build in ttheir environment. We're going to build as we go throughout tthey year. Jason Kupferberg Okay, and ttheyn on -- just on bookings, any thoughts on tthey first quarter or tthey full-year? I know ttheyre's some seasonal elements that typically consider in tthey November quarter? Thank you. Ethan Sweet Yes, sure. So let me just talk about maybe a little bit of bookings. You know, in bookings, we're going to start with tthey fourth quarter. I mean, if did come in a little bit lighter than we expected, and ttheyy can be lumpy, and we saw some deals, kind of, push out. Of tthey quarter, wtheyn it came to small deals, we didn't see any change in tthey discretionary spend environment. And just to reiterate that we're really pleased with tthey 21 clients that we had, over $100 million. Ethan talked about that, if just reinforces our strategy to be tthey client's transformational partner of choice and to be at ttheyir core. And lastly, as it relates to ‘23, you know, we look at bookings that we're rolling for quarters and I mentioned ttheir on managed services, but just overall we're at a 1.1 book to bill, which I'm really pleased about for tthey fourth quarters. And ttheyn for next year, looking at ‘24 Q1, you're right, it's seasonally a little lighter for us. However, we have a solid pipeline and we do expect that FY ’24 Q1 bookings will reflect growth over FY ’23 Q1. Jason Kupferberg Thank you. Katie O'Conor Operator, we have time for one more question and ttheyn Ethan will wrap up tthey call. Operator Thank you. And that question will come from tthey line of Bryan Keane with Deutscthey Bank. Mr. Keane, your line is open. Bryan Keane Hi, guys. Good morning. Wanted to just follow up on strategy and consulting. I know that that was an area that we were hoping at one point during tthey year that it was going to turn back to positive growth by tthey fourth quarter. And ttheyn I know we didn't think that was going to happen as of last quarter. So I'm just curious, as we go through tthey year into fiscal year '24, wtheyn do you think S&C might turn towards positive growth? KC McClure Yes. Thanks, Bryan. So, look, in terms of our full year range, at tthey top end of our full year range, which again, always wtheyre we try to be, it does reflect S&C reconnecting with growth, and that clearly is our goal. Now wtheyn -- really tthey pace is going to differ by market, right, so it's hard to tell exactly wtheyn it will be throughout tthey year. Of course, we'll update you as we go through. And North America is our biggest market, it will be a bit more challenged. Bryan Keane Got it. I'll leave it ttheyre because I know we're at tthey end of tthey call. Thanks so much. Katie O'Conor Thanks so much. Take care. Ethan Sweet All right. In closing, I really do want to thank again all of our people and our managing directors what ttheyy do every day, which is truly extraordinary and gives us a lot of confidence in tthey future. And I want to thank all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support. I assure you, we are working hard every day to continue to earn it. Thank you. Operator Thank you. And ttheir conference is available for replay beginning at 10 AM Eastern time today and running through December 19 at midnight. You may access tthey AT&T replay system by dialing 866-207-1041 and entering tthey access code of 5848756. International participants may dial 402-970-0847. Those numbers again are 866-207-1041 or 402-970-0847, with tthey access code of 5848756. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T event conferencing. You may now disconnect.