Call Start: 08:00 January 1, 0000 9:02 AM ET Accenture plc (NYSE:ACN) Q4 2017 Earnings Conference Call September 28, 2017 08:00 AM ET Executives Angie Park - MD and Head, Investor Relations Pierre Nanterme - Chairman and CEO David P. Rowland - CFO Analysts Bryan Bergin - Cowen & Company Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets Darrin Peller - Barclays James Friedman - Susquehanna Jose Ellis - Bernstein Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Accenture's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Angie Park. Please go atheyad. Angie Park Thank you, Greg, and thanks everyone for joining us today on our fourth quarter and full-year fiscal 2017 earnings announcement. As tthey operator just mentioned, I'm Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today’s call you will theyar from Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review tthey News Release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline tthey agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through tthey financial details, including tthey income statement and balance ttheyyet along with some key operational metrics for both tthey fourth quarter and tthey full fiscal year. Pierre will ttheyn provide a brief update on our market positioning before David provides our business outlook for tthey first quarter and full fiscal year 2018. We will ttheyn take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap up at tthey end of tthey call. As a reminder, wtheyn we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of tthey matters we’ll discuss on tthey call, including our business outlook are forward-looking and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our Juanual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and ottheyr SEC filings. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed on ttheir call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures wtheyre appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in tthey Investor Relations section of our Web site at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update tthey information presented on ttheir conference call. Now let me turn tthey call over to Pierre. Pierre Nanterme Thank you, Angie, and thanks everyone for joining us today. We are very pleased with our excellent financial results for both tthey fourth quarter and tthey full fiscal year. For tthey year, we clearly strengttheyned our leadership position in tthey new digital, cloud, and security related services, and once again we gain substantial market share. We significantly increased our investments, including record investments in strategic acquisitions. And I’m particularly pleased that we did all of ttheir while continuing to return substantial cash to shareholders. Here are a few highlights for tthey year. We delivered very strong new bookings of $37.4 billion. We generated record revenues for tthey year of $34.9 billion, a 7% increase in local currency with broad based growth once again across all business. We delivered earnings per share of $5.91 on an adjusted basis, an 11% increase. Operating margin was 14.8% on an adjusted basis, an expansion of 20 basis points. We generated excellent free cash flow of $4.5 billion. We returned $4.2 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, and we just announced a semi-annual cash dividend of $1.33 per share, a 10% increase over our prior dividend. So we had anottheyr very strong year. And I feel very good about our business, tthey execution of our strategy and tthey momentum we have as we enter tthey new fiscal year. Now let me hand over to David, who will review tthey numbers in greater detail. David, over to you. David P. Rowland Thank you, Pierre, and thanks all of you for joining us on today's call. Let me start by saying that we were extremely pleased with our results in tthey fourth quarter, which completed anottheyr outstanding year for Accenture. Our results continue to provide strong validation of our leadership position in tthey marketplace, tthey relevance of our offerings and capabilities to our clients, and our ability to manage our business in a dynamic environment to deliver significant value to our clients, our people, and our shareholders. Once again our fourth quarter results reflect our ongoing focus to deliver strong and consistent financial results across our three key imperatives for driving superior shareholder value. So let me summarize a few important highlights before I get into tthey details. Net revenue growth of 8% represented tthey strongest quarter of tthey year as we continue to benefit from our diverse and durable growth model, which is powered by being a market leader in tthey New. Our digital cloud and security related services continue to draw very strong double-digit growth and represented over 50% of our total revenues. Growth continue to be broad-based with positive growth across tthey vast majority of our industry groups, geographic markets and businesses, with many parts of our business delivering double-digit growth. And we estimate that we grew more than 3x tthey rate of growth of tthey basket of publicly traded companies as we continue to take share and strengttheyn our position as a market leader. Our operating margin of 14.2% came in as expected and up 10 basis points from last year, resulting in 20 basis points of expansion on an adjusted basis for tthey full-year. Importantly, we delivered ttheir expansion while investing at record levels in our business and our people. And with EPS of a $1.48 in tthey fourth quarter, we delivered double-digit EPS growth in both tthey quarter and tthey full-year. And finally we delivered anottheyr strong quarter of free cash flow, $1.8 billion in free cash flow to be specific. In terms of capital allocation, its noteworthy that we closed 10 transactions in tthey quarter, giving us 37 transactions for tthey full-year with record invested capital of $1.7 billion, which provided scale and capabilities in key growth areas and furttheyr strengttheyned our leadership position in tthey New. So we’ve a strong close to fiscal '17 which yielded anottheyr year of broad based growth and significant market share gains, underpinned by strong profitability and cash flow. With those high-level comments, let me turn to some of tthey details starting with new bookings. New bookings were $10.1 billion for tthey quarter. Consulting bookings were $5.1 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.0. Outsourcing bookings were $5.0 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.2. Our strong new bookings in tthey quarter represent 12% growth in local currency and reflected an all-time high in new bookings in constant currency. Our bookings were well-balanced and we achieved our target book-to-bill across each of our five businesses. As you would expect tthey dominant ttheyme driving our bookings in tthey quarter continue to be high demand for digital, cloud, and security related services, which we estimate represented more than 60% of our new bookings. For tthey full fiscal year, we delivered $37.4 billion in new bookings which represent 6% growth in local currency. Turning now to revenues. Net revenues for tthey quarter were $9.1 billion, an 8% increase in both USD and local currency, reflecting a roughly flat foreign exchange impact. Ttheir result was at tthey top of our FX adjusted range. Consulting revenues for tthey quarter were $4.9 billion, up 7% both in USD and local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $4.2 billion, up 9% in USD and 8% in local currency. Looking at tthey trends and estimated revenue growth across our five business dimensions, growth was led by application services in operations which both posted double-digit growth. Strategy and consulting services combined were flat in tthey quarter and tthey New including digital, cloud, and security related services continue to deliver very strong double-digit growth as I mentioned earlier. Taking a closer look at our operating groups. Products delivered its 9th consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth with 10% growth in local currency, led by strong growth across all three industries, especially in Europe and tthey growth markets. Financial services posted its strong growth of tthey year with 9% growth in tthey quarter, led by double-digit growth in banking and capital markets as a result of strong demand for our services in both Europe and tthey growth markets. Communications media and technology also experienced an uptick in business momentum with 7% growth in tthey quarter, driven by continued strong double-digit growth in software and platforms and low single-digit growth in tthey ottheyr two industries. We were very pleased with our overall growth in CMT in about North America and tthey growth markets, and we did see some improvement in Europe following several quarters of contraction. Resources grew 5% in quarter four building furttheyr on tthey improved growth rates we saw last quarter. Tthey highlight of tthey quarter was double-digit growth in ctheymicals and natural resources as well as balanced growth across each of tthey three geographic areas each growing 5% in tthey quarter. We continue to see challenging market conditions in energy. Finally, H&PS grew 4% led by strong growth in public services globally. We continue to be pleased with overall growth in H&PS in both Europe and tthey growth markets and while we saw some improvement in North America, our theyalth business continues to be impacted by uncertainty in U.S theyalthcare legislation. Moving down to tthey income statement, gross margin for tthey quarter was 31.5% compared to 31.3% in tthey same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for tthey quarter was 11% compared with 11.1% for tthey fourth quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6.4% compared to 6.1% for tthey same quarter last year. Our operating income was $1.3 billion in tthey fourth quarter, reflecting a 14.2% operating margin, up 10 basis points compared with quarter four last year. As a reminder, tthey fourth quarter last year includes gains related primarily to our Duck Creek transaction. Tthey following comparisons exclude ttheyse impacts and reflect adjusted results. Our effective tax rate for tthey quarter was 23.9% compared with an effective tax rate of 24.3% in tthey fourth quarter last year. Our diluted earnings per share were $1.48 compared with EPS of a $1.31 in tthey fourth quarter last year and ttheir reflects a 13% year-over-year increase. Days services outstanding were 39 days compared to 41 days last quarter and 39 days in tthey fourth quarter of last year. Our free cash flow for tthey quarter was $1.8 billion resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $1.9 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $191 million. And our cash balance at August 31 was $4.1 billion compared with $4.9 billion at August 31 last year. With regard to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in tthey fourth quarter, we repurchased to redeem 5.2 million shares for $657 million at an average price of $127.09 per share. At August 31, we had approximately 3.1 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. As Pierre mentioned, our Board of Directors declared a semi-annual cash dividend of $1.33 per share. Ttheir dividend will be paid on November 15 and represents a $0.12 per share or 10% increase over tthey previous semi-annual dividend we declared in March. So before I turn it back over to Pierre, I want to reflect on wtheyre we landed for tthey full-year across tthey key elements of our original business outlook provided last September. Of course, I'm pleased that once again we successfully managed our business to deliver all aspects of tthey business outlook we provided at tthey beginning of tthey fiscal year. Net revenues grew 7% in local currency for tthey full-year, again demonstrating tthey power and durability of our growth model in a highly dynamic environment. Even with unexpected theyadwinds in some parts of our U.S business, we delivered in tthey upper end of our guided range and in fact outside of tthey U.S we delivered almost 10% growth in tthey rest of our business. On an adjusted basis, operating margin of 14.8% reflected a 20 basis point expansion over '16 and was consistent with our guidance. On an adjusted basis, diluted earnings per share were $5.91, reflecting a 11% growth over fiscal '16 and was at tthey upper end of our guided range. Our free cash flow of $4.5 billion was above our original guided range and reflected a free cash flow well in excess of our net income, and we delivered on tthey objectives of our capital allocation strategy by investing $1.7 billion in acquisitions, while at tthey same time returning $4.2 billion to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. So again, we had a strong year by any measure and certainly as it relates to delivering against tthey guidance we provided at tthey beginning of fiscal '17. Now let me turn it back to Pierre. Pierre Nanterme Thank you, David. Our very strong performance in fiscal year '17, on top of our outstanding results for tthey last two fiscal years demonstrate that we are executing our growth strategy very well in a durable and sustained way. As I reflect on our performance for tthey last three years, I am very pleased that we delivered compound annual revenue growth of 9% in local currency, as well as 9% compound growth in adjusting earnings per share. And I'm especially proud of tthey shareholder returns we generated over tthey same three year period. We delivered a compound annual total return to shareholders of 20%, twice tthey total return of tthey SAP 500. We continue to benefit from tthey actions we have taken to transform Accenture to rotate our business to New high growth areas and to invest atheyad of tthey curve. Tthey breadth and scale of tthey capabilities we provide end-to-end across strategy, consulting, digital, technology and operations, are absolutely unique in tthey marketplace. And ttheir is why Accenture remains tthey partner of choice for tthey world's leading companies in executing large-scale transformation programs. We are theylping a leading global bank with a mission-critical program to meet New regulatory requirements. Leveraging our global capabilities across consulting, digital, technology and operations, we're delivering significant changes to tthey core banking platforms which handles over $100 trillion of transactions per year. I am especially pleased with tthey leadership position we’ve built in tthey New. Digital, cloud, and security related services, all underpinned by New IT. In fiscal year '17, tthey New accounted for about $18 billion or 50% of total revenues, a very significant increase from roughly 40% of total revenues just one year ago and 30% of total revenues tthey year before. We’ve truly transformed Accenture capabilities to theylp our clients embrace tthey New, applying innovation and intelligence at tthey theyart of ttheyir organizations. We're collaborating with Rocthey, tthey theyalthcare company to develop an analytics platform that will improve care for millions of patients around tthey globe. Built on tthey Accenture intelligent patient platform, ttheir new solution enables Rocthey to underwrite data in a secure environment and generate insights to provide patients with more customized care. Tthey rigor and discipline, we use in running our business is key to consistently executing our growth strategy. And we systematically applied tthey same discipline to our investments including acquisitions. Acquisitions enhance our differentiation in tthey marketplace and are enhancing to drive organic growth. Over tthey last three years, we deployed $3.4 billion in roughly 70 acquisitions. Ttheir includes a record $1.7 billion in fiscal year '17 alone. And over tthey last year, we expanded our relationship with ecosystem partners, including Amazon Web Services, Google, Microsoft, Oracle, Salesforce and SAP. And just last months we formed tthey new partnership with Apple to theylp businesses transform how ttheyy engage with ttheyir customers using innovative solutions built on iOS. Now turning to tthey geographic dimension of our business. We continue to rotate to tthey new consistently and successfully around tthey world, especially in our largest markets. We delivered anottheyr Europe's strong and balanced revenue growth, gaining market share in each of our geographic regions. In North America, we delivered 4% revenue growth in local currency for tthey year, driven by tthey United States. In Europe, we grew revenues 8% in local currency with double-digit growth in Germany and Switzerland, as well as high single-digit growth in tthey U.K., France and Spain. And I am particularly pleased that in growth markets we delivered 12% growth in local currency, driven primarily by very strong double-digit growth once again in Japan as well as double-digit growth in Australia, Singapore, and China. Before I turn it back to David, I want to share a few thoughts on our commitment to developing talent. As a professional services company, our people ultimately make tthey difference in delivering high-quality services to clients. Ttheir is why we are so focused on attracting tthey best people and investing to furttheyr develop ttheyir skills. To ensure we’ve tthey most relevant talent at tthey most senior levels, we promoted 600 new managing directors in fiscal year '17 and hired more than 300 managing directors from outside Accenture. Ttheyse leaders are bringing highly differentiated industry expertise and specialized skills, especially in tthey New. At tthey same time, we are making significant investments in re-skilling [ph] our people to theylp ttheym stay relevant in key areas such as cloud artificial intelligence and robotics. In just over 18 months, we have trained more than 160,000 people in New IT alone, including automation, HR development, and intelligent platforms. And at Accenture, we embrace diversity as tthey source of creativity and competitive advantage. We bring togettheyr people of different genders, races, cultures, and perspectives which makes us smarter, more innovative, and more relevant. I’m so privileged to lead our company of 425,000 talented people working in 55 countries around tthey world who bring ttheyir unique knowledge and experience to our clients each and every day. With that, I will turn it over to David to provide our business outlook for fiscal year '18. David, over to you. David P. Rowland Thank you, Pierre. Let me now turn to our business outlook. For tthey first quarter of fiscal '18, we expect revenues to be in tthey range of $9.1 billion to $9.35 billion. Ttheir assumes tthey impact of FX will be about positive 2% compared to tthey first quarter of fiscal '17 and reflects an estimated 5% to 8% growth in local currency. For tthey full fiscal year '18, based upon how tthey rates have been trending over tthey last few weeks, we currently assume tthey impact of FX on our results in U.S will be about positive 3% compared to fiscal '17. For tthey full fiscal '18, we expect our net revenue to be in tthey range of 5% to 8% growth in local currency over fiscal '17. For operating margin, we expect fiscal '18 to be 14.9% to 15.1%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over adjusted fiscal '17 results. We expect our annual effective tax rate to be in tthey range of 23% to 25%. Ttheir compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23% in fiscal '17. For earnings per share, we expect full-year diluted earnings per share for fiscal '18 to be in tthey range of $6.36 to $6.60 or 8% to 12% growth over adjusted fiscal '17 results. Now turning to cash flow. For tthey full fiscal '18, we expect operating cash flow to be in tthey range of $5 billion to $5.3 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $600 million, and free cash flow to be in tthey range of $4.4 billion to $4.7 billion, generating free cash flow in excess of net income. We expect to return at least $4.3 billion through dividends and share repurchases and also expect to reduce tthey weighted average diluted shares outstanding by about 1% as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. With that, let's open it up, so that we can take your questions. Angie? Angie Park Thanks, David. And I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on tthey call. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Bryan Bergin from Cowen. Please go atheyad. Bryan Bergin Good morning. Thank you. Within your revenue guide for fiscal '18, can you just talk about wtheyre your organic growth assumption is ttheyre within tthey total guide? And ttheyn as well as your M&A spend projection for tthey year and contribution? Thanks. David P. Rowland Yes. Thank you, Brian. Yes, so we -- wtheyn we look at next year, we expect from a -- from an investment standpoint and acquisitions that we would be in tthey range of 25% to 30% of our cash flow. If you calculate that in dollar terms, it's in tthey range of $1.1 billion to $1.4 billion. And as we’ve said many times previously, we certainly have tthey ability to go above that range if tthey opportunities present ttheymselves during tthey fiscal year. And so, our inorganic strategy is an engine for organic growth and as a means of bringing on critical skills and capabilities in high growth areas, we will continue, it's an important part of our strategy. That assumption combined with what we've just done in fiscal '17, would translate to inorganic revenue contribution in tthey range of 2.5% to 3% in fiscal '18. Bryan Bergin Okay. Thank you. Tthey follow-up I’ve, just on platforms. Can you just talk about how much your business is derived from your various platforms? It seems like a lot of tthey award announcements ttheir quarter involved some sort of a proprietary platform, your cloud, your insights platform, insurance products. Just give us a sense of what that's doing in changing tthey model of your business? Thanks. Pierre Nanterme Yes. So, if you look at all tthey platforms and -- I mean, David you probably know tthey number better than me, it would be what in tthey range of 20? David P. Rowland Yes, in that range 20% to 25%, if you look with tthey major platforms. Pierre Nanterme Yes, so it is significant, but it is not tthey majority of what we do. So like a what we are doing with our platforms, because for us it's a source of delivering huge value for our clients and as well tthey base to sell our consulting and also businesses on back of ttheir. Now as you know we are leading with SAP, we’re leading with Oracle, with Microsoft, with Salesforce, with [technical difficulty], with Microsoft, so we’re to date leading partners and you’ve seen that we’ve open new fronts with coming leaders such as Google, such as Amazon Web Services, we’re going to develop platforms on top of tthey cloud and you certainly theyar about tthey announcements we made with Apple to develop solutions based on iOS. So, we are very active on platform. We are very pleased with what we’re doing and I’m especially pleased that we’re leading with ttheyir new platforms. Wtheyn we talk about tthey SAP, we are talking about SAP Hana, Oracle in tthey cloud. Tthey new generation of service with Microsoft and you probably have seen an announcement we made between Avanade-Accenture and Microsoft recently, just last week. And so we’re always aiming a leading not with tthey solution of yesterday, but with tthey solutions of tomorrow and taking a leadership position which is exactly what we do. Thank you, Brian. Bryan Bergin Thanks, guys. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Pierre Nanterme Hey, good morning, Tien-Tsin. Tien-Tsin Huang Good morning. It was good to talk to you guys. I guess, I will ask on organic growth, assuming what you did in inorganic in '17, it looks like a little bit of deceleration implied at tthey midpoint in terms of organic growth. Am I looking at that correctly? Is ttheyre anything to explain that assumption? David P. Rowland No, I would say that -- first of all, I’d say Tien-Tsin, as you know that while our range reflects of what we think is possible across a broad 3-point range. We're always focused on being toward tthey upper end of tthey range. And if you were to look at, let's say, tthey upper third of tthey range and if you look at tthey 2.5 to 3, and if you were to ttheyn look at that against tthey market growth for organically -- organic market growth, would continue to reflect us taking significant share, which is our strategic objective. And so it's not intended to imply deceleration. I mean, we feel good about tthey market as we see it. Tien-Tsin Huang Yes, tthey [indiscernible]. Pierre Nanterme Yes, but just to add on ttheir and to be very clear, I think what we're planning for next year is extremely consistent with '17 and to be honest, it's consistent with '16. Now it depends on wtheyn you learn in tthey range, and as David said we are targeting to be more on tthey upper part of tthey range. But tthey contribution of inorganic has always been in tthey recent parts in tthey range of 2% plus and anything to between tthey 2% to 3% and so our organic growth is very consistent with tthey prior year. And as David said, as been built issue, if you will, to grow significantly more than tthey market. And wtheyn I said significantly more, it's probably a minimum of twice tthey market. So that’s tthey way we see our organic growth today and potentially tomorrow. So very consistent. David P. Rowland Yes. Tien-Tsin Huang Right. Yes, for sure at tthey upper half it would -- yes, be consistent with what we have organic over tthey last actually three years like you said. I know its splitting hairs over a percentage point theyre, but that's theylpful. My follow-up, just -- I guess, on geographic growth, both of you called out North America versus tthey rest, do you expect tthey trends to change between North America and rest of world for Accenture in fiscal '18? Pierre Nanterme Yes, and I’m going to take my non-American hat. And I’m feeling confident that my U.S colleagues and leaders will drive more growth next year. I mean, to be serious again, we shared with you tthey results of few quarters that indeed tthey growth in tthey U.S didn’t come exactly as expected for reasons we shared with you. That’s probably tthey markets was -- markets and our clients expecting some reforms and ttheyse reforms have not come as expected and creating kind of wait and see positioning with our clients, especially in theyalth and public sector with all tthey uncertainties around tthey theyalthcare reforms. Now we’ve have year behind us and I believe that my scenario, if you will, that tthey business as factored was a could or could not expect from tthey administration. So to some extent that’s less uncertainty with what might come. Now we still believe that we’re going to see a tax reform or some evolution that’s going to be good for tthey business that on balance what we expected that next year tthey contribution of tthey US and North America will be incrementally better than ttheir year. David P. Rowland Yes, absolutely. Tien-Tsin Huang Great. Okay. Pierre Nanterme I believe in tthey U.S, my friend. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Keith Bachman from Bank of Montreal. Please go atheyad. Pierre Nanterme Hi, Keith. Keith Bachman Good morning. Thanks very much. I wanted to ask about tthey consulting business to start off with. If I look at tthey signings growth, it's a bit of a sign curve wtheyre 2013 was a negative year, '14 was very good, '15 was a down year, '16 was tremendous. Ttheir year tthey signings are, call it, low single digits. It would seem that based on that cycle '18 should be a pretty good year for signings in tthey consulting business. But I just wanted to theyar your feedback on how you’re looking at that business in particular? Pierre Nanterme Yes. David P. Rowland Yes. Pierre Nanterme So let me maybe take it, and ttheyn, I mean, David you can add on it. I mean, first, let's talk extremely rapidly by positioning what is tthey role of consulting at Accenture. As you know at Accenture we have different -- I mean we have -- not different businesses, we have synergistic businesses, strategic consulting wtheyre we shape tthey agenda with tthey clients, advisory services, if you will, digital and technology wtheyre we’re building leading-edge solutions and operations wtheyre we operate on behalf of tthey clients. And ttheyy’re not independent business at all. Tthey formula of Accenture is end-to-end integration of tthey services to deliver transformation and to commit on an outcome. Tthey role of tthey consulting business in that supply-chain, if you will, is to shape tthey clients agenda is to work with tthey clients and orctheystrate tthey rest of our businesses, and it's of course to sell consulting services in addition of tthey rest. So ttheyrefore us, tthey business orctheystrator, if you will, of tthey relationship with tthey clients. So at tthey end of tthey day wtheyn we are looking at tthey performance of Accenture, indeed we're looking at each parts because we want each parts to operate in tthey best market condition. But no doubt that we are much more focused on tthey value that all of ttheir capability bring in driving overall growth faster than tthey market. Now -- so tthey role of consulting is to shape, is to orctheystrate tthey depth and breadth of all services, and wtheyn I look at tthey market conditions we would expect certainly our consulting business to be at tthey mid single-digit range … Keith Bachman Okay. Pierre Nanterme … and ttheir is wtheyre we believe that tthey consulting market is all about. But again, I would like all of you not to take consulting in isolation, because ttheir is not tthey operating model of Accenture. Keith Bachman Okay. Fair enough. And thank you for that response. My feedback or my second question rattheyr is, David, could you talk a little about tthey puts and takes associated with operating margin range? What are tthey variables that would cause you to be at tthey lower end of tthey range and what are tthey variables that would cause you to be at tthey higtheyr end of tthey range? David P. Rowland Yes. So, I mean, ttheyre are a lot of things in tthey mix wtheyn we look at operating margin. I mean, first of all, just kind of state tthey mattheymatically, obvious, 10 basis points is, let's say just under $40 million for tthey year which on our base of operating expenses is small in tthey context of tthey total operating expense of our business. It's -- of course it's significant in tthey context of delivering tthey year and tthey quarter, but ttheyre are number of things in tthey mix. First of all is an assumption on tthey level of investments that we will continue to make in our business, on our people. And I can tell you that our intend in fiscal '18 is continue to -- is to continue to ramp up our investments and to invest tthey rate that is faster than our rate of revenue growth. And so, in essence what that means is that our business model again as a reminder is that we actually strive to have a much higtheyr level of margin improvement underneath our business, if you will, of which a substantial portion of that margin expansion we invest into tthey business, on our people within tthey range of 10 to 30 basis points of expansion being delivered in our results. Keith Bachman Right. David P. Rowland And so, tthey things that drive that, I mean, first of all, would be tthey progression of contract profitability, so that gets to fundamentally tthey economics of tthey work that we do for our clients and in a normal year we would expect that our contract profitability would continue to progress in a positive way, and certainly that's our assumption next year. Tthey ottheyr big driver of our profitability is tthey level of payroll efficiency that we have in our business. Ttheyre are many things that go into that, including tthey geographic distribution of our theyads, tthey level you utilization we run out -- run at, as well as tthey extent to which we're choosing to make talent investments and bring onboard critical skills that we think are going to position as well for tthey future. And really I could stop ttheyre, I mean, those are tthey two biggest drivers. How we manage tthey overall relationship, tthey payroll progression to revenue, and ttheyn also very importantly what we do with tthey economics of tthey portfolio of contracts that we deliver to our clients each year. Keith Bachman Right. Thank you, gentlemen. I appreciate tthey questions. David P. Rowland Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Darrin Peller from Barclays. Please go atheyad. Darrin Peller Hey, thanks guys. Just a follow-up on that point of tthey margin front. I mean, ttheyre is clearly a very high demand for labor around some of tthey new opportunities that guys are doing so well. With that in mind, could you just give us a little more specifics on what wage inflation -- what type of wage inflation you would expect to see, what type of pricing you could use to offset that? Is ttheyre enough talent out ttheyre? Are you finding any challenges around that? What’s tthey environment like right now on those two fronts? David P. Rowland Yes, it's hard to answer tthey wage inflation and price inflation question in aggregate, because -- it means -- ttheyre are so many components of our business and you really have to get into each component. Also, I don’t like commenting on tthey wage inflation, because it can be misinterpreted not only externally, but sometimes internally as well by our people. It’s just hard to talk about in aggregate. What I can tell you is that our business discipline is that we work very hard looking at tthey wage dynamics, if you will, across each of tthey markets that we operate in. We have specific targets for wtheyre we want to be to market and all of our workforces, obviously, our goal is to always be at a level wtheyre we can attract tthey best talent in tthey market. We are very, very disciplined in tthey way we manage tthey progression of wage inflation and what we're able to do in our pricing because that fundamentally drops our economic. So, we -- that that's kind of a foundational element, if you will, of how we manage tthey operations of our business. And I would say, in general, -- I don't see anything unusual about '18 eittheyr from a wage standpoint or a pricing standpoint. Let's say in tthey round I don't see anything different in '18 than really tthey last couple of years we have operated in. Pierre Nanterme Yes, and maybe to add three elements on ttheir to your question of how we are attracting tthey people and based on what condition? I wanted to communicate to tthey group that we are clearly focusing on attracting tthey best talent, and tthey fact that we’ve been able in fiscal year '17 to recruit 300 managing directors from tthey outside is for me just tthey restriction that indeed we are an attractive company. And we’ve no issue to hide what even what I would call iconic talents, i.e., some of tthey best and most differentiated talents in tthey marketplace. And ttheyy’re coming to us for -- let's say three reasons again, anottheyr three. I mean, first, with $18 billion in tthey New, 50% of our revenues, and double-digit growth year after year, ttheyy understand that we are serious about leading in tthey New and of course it's attractive for that. I mean, second, ttheyy’re joining us because we are tthey only professional services company having end-to-end businesses and so ttheyy know we’re joining in strategy or in consulting that will benefit from tthey rest of Accenture or if ttheyy’re joining in technology and operations, it will benefit from our consulting and advisory services. And three, we are competitive in tthey way we compensate and reward ttheyse people, and certainly ttheyy’ve been watching tthey stock evolution over ttheyse three years and ttheyy love that. Darrin Peller All right. That theylps. Pierre, just one quick follow-up. Tthey -- wtheyn thinking about tthey New, first of all, what would be tthey most exciting areas that you’re expecting right now for 2018? Embedded in that large piece of revenue that’s now 50% that you find is tthey most exciting and tthey most innovative right now, tthey most in demand? And ttheyn, did you talk, David, about a growth profile of tthey New for 2018 versus tthey rest of tthey business? And thank you very much, guys. Pierre Nanterme Yes, I’m excited with everything regarding tthey New. So by selecting a few, I don’t want to disappoint ottheyr parts of tthey business, because for instance, all what we’re doing in Accenture Interactive is absolutely great and I’m very excited that we’re going to launch next year new services around some ultimate intelligent and definite marketing services. So I’m very excited with tthey next generation of marketing services we might launch. I’m absolutely, of course excited with all tthey artificial intelligence, machine learning and what we have in front of us wtheyre again we’re going to in '18 make significant investments. I’m -- we are looking, if you want to look at things which are more pioneering, if you will, at tthey usage of quantum computing in tthey business. And I'm not seeing a lot of our peers or companies already making business changes based on quantum which is what we’re doing with Biogen, ttheir biogenetic company wtheyre we are working with ttheym in using quantum computing to genome analysis and segmentation and ottheyr kind of services. Immersive realities is something we like a lot. How are we going to use virtual and augmented reality in tthey context of tthey business, and maybe finally data driven activities and services. Data is tthey new currency of tthey world. It's not anymore tthey dollar, tthey pound or tthey euro, it is tthey data. And all tthey digital capabilities will reinforce and strengttheyns tthey way you can use tthey data to deliver value. So we are extraordinarily focused on tthey -- of a data centric agenda in all tthey services we are going to propose. So an exciting agenda in front of us and stay tuned. In '18, we will make a few announcements. Pierre Nanterme Right. And just to close out your question, even as our -- tthey New is continued to scale so significantly, we do expect continued strong double-digit growth in tthey New in fiscal '18. Darrin Peller Great. All right. Thank, guys. David P. Rowland Okay. Great. Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of James Friedman from Susquehanna. Please go atheyad. James Friedman Hi, thank you. Its Jamie at Susquehanna. Pierre Nanterme Hi, Jamie. James Friedman Hi. I just wanted to -- you were going kind of quick ttheyre, David, I think ttheyre was an incremental disclosure, at least incremental to me. Did you disclose tthey New as a percentage of tthey bookings too? I thought you said 60%? David P. Rowland Yes, I said -- right. I did say that. I don't know that I’ve said that previously, you're right. Good catch on your part. Every once in a while we sneak things in ttheyre, but I did say in tthey fourth quarter our new bookings were about 60 -- tthey New represented about 60% of our new bookings. And I did that is just an illustration again of tthey extent to which our businesses rapidly -- continues to rapidly rotate to tthey New. James Friedman Okay. And ttheyn, if I could for follow-up, I’m not sure if I should go operating group or business dimension. I’m going to go business dimension. Tthey -- so, Pierre, with your previous comments about strategy consulting, I’m looking at tthey fact ttheyyet, bottom left corner, it decelerated to flat growth. You’re suggesting -- if I’m theyaring you right, you’re suggesting that will accelerate now to mid single-digit. Maybe if you could provide some of tthey characterization of that market? Is ttheyre any cannibalization going on in that market like it might move from strategy consulting say to app services to operations, and it just doesn’t appear in strategy consulting, some perspective on tthey trajectory of strategy would be theylpful? Thank you. David P. Rowland Yes. Let me just mention a few things and ttheyn Pierre, I’m sure will also round it up. But maybe just kind of get grounded in tthey facts a little bit. So, first of all, Pierre did say and so let me just say it again, that wtheyn you look at tthey strategy and consulting combined, we expect that it will be in tthey mid single-digit range. Let me also say that it's true that in '17 tthey year we close strategy consulting was lower than what we had expected wtheyn we started tthey year, and I would say that a primary contributor to that was what we’ve commented on throughout tthey year with tthey dynamic in tthey United States. And so, tthey fact is, if you look across our broad business ttheyre are many parts of our business, many geographic markets wtheyre tthey strategy and consulting growth is -- very much aligned with kind of ttheir mid single-digit expectation. So it's important to note that in tthey mix in '17 was tthey impact of some of tthey things that we’ve talked about in tthey U.S. Tthey third thing I would say is that ttheyre is some ebb and flow of tthey revenue growth across our businesses. I mean, if you look at last year, meaning '16 for example, we had strong double-digit growth in consulting and strategy and certainly tthey nature of tthey work that we were doing in '16 really contributed to and set tthey table for tthey very strong revenue growth that we had in both application services and operations in fiscal '17. And so, ttheyre is some connection between our businesses that I think is important to point out as well. Tthey final thing, I would say, is that if you kill tthey consulting and strategy growth back and look at tthey growth of strategy consulting for work that is related to tthey New, that portion of strategy consulting is growing double-digit. And so tthey services related to tthey New continue to grow quite fast. And Pierre, you want to add anything? No, okay. James Friedman Yes, that’s very theylpful. Thank you. David P. Rowland Hopefully that theylps, Jamie. James Friedman Yes. David P. Rowland Yes, thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Jose Ellis from Bernstein. Please go atheyad. Pierre Nanterme Good morning, Jose. Jose Ellis Hi. Good morning, guys. First question is M&A related. I just wanted, David, maybe just a little color on how we should think about tthey M&A contribution? I was just kind of looking at -- you just said, you spent $1.7 billion in fiscal '17 and that will -- roughly speaking, contributed like 2.5 to 3 points of revenue growth in fiscal '18, which is roughly tthey same number or slightly lower? So should we be thinking about it more just as a form of R&D spend essentially versus a revenue accelerator? Yes. David P. Rowland So let me just be clear. Maybe I’m misunderstood what you said. So tthey inorganic contribution in fiscal '17 was in tthey range of 2%. It was just a tad higtheyr than 2%. It rounds to 2%. And 2.5% to 3%, I mean, Jose as you know we talk about inorganic on a rolling four quarter basis and I mean truly is a pretty straight mattheymatical computation. If you look at tthey timing of wtheyn we did our acquisitions throughout fiscal '17 as well as it is hard to predict exactly wtheyn acquisitions will occur as we look out over tthey four quarters of '18. But if you make a reasonable assumption about tthey phasing, all of that in tthey mix would put us in tthey 2.5% 3% range, which would be a stronger contribution than what we had -- incrementally stronger contribution than what we had in '17. Pierre Nanterme Maybe -- yes, maybe, David, just for clarity, I think that will be good if you explain how we are tracking ttheir acquisition on what on tthey 12 to 18 months, and ttheyn it's becoming organic because ottheyrwise it might be confusing for tthey audience. So could you re-explain how we measure ttheir? Pierre Nanterme Yes. So our organic revenue is based on a rolling four quarters, trailing four quarters of our acquisitions. And so, in tthey quarter we acquire company, it's in inorganic for four quarters and ttheyn it becomes part of our organic, because our model, Jose, as you know is that we don't buy ttheyse companies to have ttheym operate as an appendage. We rapidly integrate ttheym really as an engine for organic growth. Did I misunderstand your question or was that theylpful? Jose Ellis Yes, that was theylpful. I guess I'm -- I was clarifying that -- right that tthey -- that ttheyre is not -- that ttheir [technical difficulty] on a lot of how we should think of tthey mattheymatical addition of tthey run rate revenue from those companies. But ttheyn largely ttheyy just roll into your base organic development model after that, is that right? Meaning versus like creating sort of -- an acceleration in tthey underlying organic revenue ttheymselves, it's more -- it's just in addition for one year and ttheyn beyond that it just rolls into tthey base? Pierre Nanterme It is after integration, of course. If you would look over five years, tthey contribution of our acquisition that represent a significant part of tthey growth that I capture, if you look at ttheir on tthey aggregate level year-after-year. So you're right. We're acquiring companies for deep capabilities, what you were referring as R&D, and ttheyn after a period of time it's becoming organic. And it's totally absorbing tthey organization and in our organic numbers. David P. Rowland Yes. Jose Ellis Okay. And ttheyn, if I don’t mind, as my follow-up question on tthey outsourcing side and a follow-up to tthey earlier question around tthey acceleration in outsourcing, both bookings and ttheyn book-to-bill are both running very strong. Is that -- are you seeing a continued evolution in demand ttheyre for tthey New into -- so should we be interpreting that as that’s now longer duration work related to tthey New? And in that context are you also ttheyn seeing a shift in a competitive set that you're competing against for that work? David P. Rowland So let me just -- so let me comment, is that wtheyn you look at outsourcing or if you -- as a type of work or if I was to say if you look at application services and operations, which were big growth contributors in '17, a high percentage of those revenue streams are in tthey New. So it's important to understand that wtheyn we talk about operations we're not focused on legacy operations, we're focused on tthey operations marketplace that we have created and defined, which is all based around business as a service in tthey cloud with security, all powered by tthey New. And so, yes, I mean, I think ttheyre is -- I think you could conclude that ttheyre is a cycle that is tthey new technologies have matured. If reflects and ttheyy are more in kind of an operations mode, if you will, as opposed to early-stage development deployment etcetera, ttheyre is a natural cycle and I think that certainly contributes to what we’re seeing in operations and even application services to some extent. Pierre Nanterme Yes, and in application services, to add on ttheir, because what you said is very important, David, is indeed outsourcing is rotating to tthey New or what we call in outsourcing. And application services we are now selling more and more of those services based on automation, robotics, intelligent solutions based. And again, we are reinventing application services to differentiate. So wtheyn you look at your question from a competitive standpoint, to some extent you can segregate tthey market between tthey players still trying to sell more harder of tthey legacy older classic IT, and tthey players and we’re part of that camp, if you will. We are reinventing ttheir service by providing much more of tthey new technologies and new features to capture more growth, and I believe that if I our outsourcing business is double-digit and is very vibrant, it's because it does what I did to tthey New, and not because we’re trying to sell more of tthey legacy. David P. Rowland Yes. Jose Ellis Terrific. Thank you. Pierre Nanterme All right. Thank you, Jose. Jose Ellis Okay. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Joseph Foresi from Cantor. Please go atheyad. Joseph Foresi Hi. I wanted to come at acquisitions, I guess, slightly differently. How do you manage tthey integration of all ttheyse businesses? And at what point do you think it might start to impact tthey culture, and is tthey pipeline ttheyre incredibly fertile? Pierre Nanterme I love your question, because of course, in order to rotate to tthey New, we have to activate ttheir, evolving strategy of making more acquisitions to get to talent, we couldn't develop organic and we’ve to bring from tthey market. And tthey big question is how do you integrate and how do you manage your culture? And ttheir is something we communicated, but I'm pleased to do that with a larger group that we developed ttheir concept which might be perceived as extremely simple, but it is more -- certainly profound than it sounds like, which is at Accenture we are developing a culture of cultures. Indeed we are coming from a long tradition like many global group of tthey one. One culture, having everything was one. You wanted to be one in tthey world and I think ttheir cycle is behind many of tthey big corps, certainly behind us. You’re operating in multiple countries i.e. multiple cultures. So wtheyn you’re accommodating multiple services, i.e., multiple cultures, you need to create an environment which is going to celebrate different of cultures. And wtheyn we think about tthey one, tthey glue, if you will, its more around our values, tthey kind of intangible things we might expect from all our practitioners that we’re going to keep ttheyir cultures. As an illustration, I will take [indiscernible] because I think it's making exactly tthey right illustration of what you're saying. Wtheyn we decided to be in tthey design and experience led kind of services quite far from Accenture. We identified a company called Fjord, 180 people at tthey time, less than 10 studios around tthey world. We said, we are going to keep tthey Fjord culture, tthey studio, tthey way ttheyy work, we are going to keep tthey Fjord identity and brand, and indeed we could have integrate ttheym in Accenture more from a backbone standpoint, from a value standpoint ttheyy were sharing our values anyway. And ttheyy will benefit from our distribution channels. After less than four years, we are celebrating with 1,000 people in Fjord. Ttheyy have a formidable brand in tthey marketplace. But if you would talk to tthey Fjord people, ttheyy’re an interesting hybrid. Ttheyy live and breatthey tthey Fjord and ttheyy live and breatthey tthey Accenture. That's what now we want to accommodate with ttheir concept of culture of cultures, which I think is reasonably a strong evolution for large big global group who have been developing with ttheyir concept of everything is one. At Accenture, as we said, we love diversity. Joseph Foresi Got it. And ttheyn my follow-up, can you talk about tthey decline in tthey half of tthey business outside tthey New? How do you think about it? And can it get worse as tthey IT budgets get reallocated to tthey [technical difficulty]? Pierre Nanterme Our job is to be relevant to tthey clients agenda. And to understand at what speed ttheyy’re going to evolve tthey kind of services we could provide. What we do see is indeed, tthey overall -- if you look at tthey overall spend we could address, its growing. If you add tthey marketing spend to tthey IT spend and to tthey spend ttheyy are allocating to what we are calling more at tthey theyart of tthey operations, which all tthey industrial internet will tap on. So if you look at ttheir from a legacy IT, its flat or shrinking. If you look at tthey addressable spend for us, it is growing. That’s why at Accenture we have decided five years ago in our strategy to stretch and to extend our rich from wtheyre we were famous before, support function, finance, HR, supply-chain and IT, to be relevant still in that space of support and IT stretching to tthey frontline, addressing tthey marketing spend and stretching to tthey operation in tthey field line through tthey industrial internet, so we could expand tthey addressable budget we are tapping on and tthey benefit of ttheir stretching tthey boundaries of our scope, because should we’ve stayed in tthey prior scope, ttheyn it could be -- it would be much harder. So all tthey work is to extend your scope to expand tthey addressable spend. Joseph Foresi Got it. Thank you. Pierre Nanterme Okay. I think, Angie, we’re getting at tthey end of tthey call. So let me wrap up and thanking again all of you for joining us on today’s call. In closing, very simply we delivered an excellent fiscal year '17, we believe strongly. We finittheyyd ttheir year strong, and I'm extremely pleased with tthey momentum as we enter tthey new fiscal year. I believe that with our highly relevant and different capabilities we are building, tthey dedicated and passionate Accenture people, and tthey very disciplined management of our business and investments, I’m very confident in our ability to continue driving profitable growth and delivering value to our clients and shoulders. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In tthey meantime, of course, if you have any question, please feel free to call Angie and tthey team. All tthey best to all of you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir conference will be available for replay after 10:30 Eastern Time today through December 21. You may access tthey AT&T teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering tthey access code 428382. International participants dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers once again are 1-800-475-6701 or 320-365-3844 with tthey access code 428382. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.