Synalloy Corporation (SYNL) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call March 9, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Sally Cunningham - SVP and CFO Christoptheyr Hutter - Interim CEO Sean Mansouri - IR Conference Call Participants David Secrid -  Mike Hugtheys - SGF Capital Charles Gold - Truist Charles Neuhauser - Mainwall Investment Ronald Braam -  Operator Good afternoon everyone. And thank you for participating in today’s conference call to discuss Synalloy's Financial Results for tthey Fourth Quarter and Full Year ended December 31, 2020. Joining us today is our Synalloy's Interim President and CEO Chris Hutter. CFO, Sally Cunningham, and tthey Company’s outside Investor Relations Advisor Sean Mansouri. Following tthey remarks, we will open tthey call for your questions. Before we go furttheyr, I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Mr. Mansouri as they reads tthey Company’s Safe Harborstatements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that provides important cautions regarding forward-looking statements. Seanplease go atheyad. Sean Mansouri Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. And thank you all for joining our conference call to discuss tthey Synalloy's fourth quarter and full year 2020 financial results. Before we continue, we would like to remind all participants that tthey discussion today may contain certain forward-looking statements pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Federal Securities Laws. Ttheyse statements are based on information currently available to us and are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Synalloy advises all of those listening to ttheir call to review tthey latest 10-Q and 10-K posted on its website for summary of ttheyse risks and uncertainties. Synalloy does not undertake tthey responsibility to update any forward-looking statements. Furttheyr, tthey discussion today may include non-GAAP measures. In accordance with regulation G, tthey company has reconciled ttheyse amounts back to tthey closest GAAP based measurement. Tthey reconciliations can be found in tthey earnings press release issued earlier today and posted on tthey investor section of tthey company's website at synalloy.com. Please note that ttheir call is available for replay via a webcast link that is also posted on tthey investors section of tthey company's website. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to tthey Interim President and CEO of Synalloy Chris Hutter, Chris. Christoptheyr Hutter Thank you, Sean. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining today's call. I hope you have all continued to stay safe and well and maybe tthey ongoing challenges of tthey COVID-19 pandemic. I wanted to start-off by saying that I'm incredibly honored to be leading tthey team theyre at Synalloy and have gained significant insight regarding our operations and capabilities since joining as tthey Interim President and CEO just a few months ago. I've been particularly impressed by tthey dedicated employees throughout tthey organization who have persevered through ttheir unique time and continue to work hard every day to deliver high quality products and services to our customers. While ttheir has certainly been a challenging year, tthey commitment of our hard-working team ensured that Synalloy not only survived 2020, but is now positioned to thrive for years to come. Looking at how we close out tthey year, our fourth quarter net sales came in as expected given our customers continue to be affected by tthey uncertainty resulting from tthey pandemic. However, ttheir did not prevent us from making progress and tthey things within our control. We were able to take proactive steps to improve efficiency across our operations, production and purchasing along with implementing new cost containment measures. Though many of ttheyse initiatives are eittheyr just being identified or only in ttheyir early stages. I am pleased to report that our efforts resulted in improving profitability across our businesses, as we reported modest year-over-year and sequential increases in adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin for tthey fourth quarter. As just one example of our intent to remove costs that do not provide an economic payback, we have terminated our aircraft lease and our intent on selling that as soon as possible. We don't expect to realize meaningful upfront proceeds, but we will see savings on an ongoing basis. In a similar approach, through tthey tireless efforts of Sally in tthey finance department, we have already begun to forecast meaningful savings from our approach to outside service providers. Ttheyse efforts will be ongoing and parallel to our work on tthey sales, resource planning, and manufacturing efficiency fronts. While I'm proud of tthey progress we've made thus far, ttheir is truly just tthey beginning of our work to transform ttheir business and drive long-term shareholder value. We have plenty of room for improvement, and I'm excited to be a part of ttheir organization as we grow togettheyr. I'll dive deeper into each of our segments. But first, I'd like to turn tthey call over to our CFO Sally Cunningham, who will walk you through our fourth quarter financial results in more detail. Sally. Sally Cunningham Thank you, Chris and good afternoon, everyone. In an effort to be more efficient with our conference calls, I will focus on key financial takeaways. Detailed information can be found in our earnings press release issued earlier today. With that, let's jump into our fourth quarter results. Net sales were down to $55.9 million, with tthey decline primarily driven by tthey curtailment of our Palmer operations earlier in tthey year, as well as lower pipe and tube shipments. As a reminder, we made tthey decision to curtail tthey Palmer Texas business in April 2020. As it no longer met our internal return threshold. We have since allocated any cash generated from that business, we’ve reduced our line of credit, which I will touch on in a moment. Gross margin during tthey quarter increased 80 basis points over tthey prior year to 11%. As a result of operational efficiencies and raw material price increases that we successfully passthrough to our customers. We also saw some impact of our ongoing operating cost reduction initiatives in [Q4] so that progress was hidden by some noise in our financial statements due to one-time mostly non-cash charges. In tthey fourth quarter, we continue to scrutinize tthey carrying values of tthey goodwill on our balance ttheyyet, which resulted in an impairment of $5.5 million related to our Welded Pipe and Tube reporting unit. We also had $1.1 million of charges related to tthey severance payments to our former CEO. Tthey result was a net loss in Q4 of $8.6 million or $0.94 per share compared to a net loss of $9 million or $0.10 per share for tthey fourth quarter of 2019. Adjusted EBITDA in Q4 increased 19% to $3 million and adjusted EBITDA margin also improved 170 basis points to 5.4% compared to tthey prior year period. Tthey increases were primarily driven by improved operational execution and tthey benefit of cost containment measures. Lastly, looking at our liquidity position as of December 31, 2020. total debt was $61.4 million consisting of $49 million outstanding under our revolving credit facility and $12.3 million outstanding under tthey term loan, representing nearly 20% reduction in debt compared to December 31, 2019. Subsequent to tthey end of tthey quarter, we entered into an agreement for a new revolving credit facility with BMO Harris Bank on January 15, 2021. A new agreement provides us with a full year revolving credit facility that includes up to $150 million of borrowing capacity. As a result, we have $30.9 million of available borrowing capacity under tthey new facilities as of January 31, 2021, and are not currently subject to any financial covenants. For furttheyr details, please see our press release and corresponding 8-K filings disseminated and filed on January 19, 2021. I'll now turn it back over to Chris. Christoptheyr Hutter Thanks, Sally. As I mentioned earlier, since taking tthey theylm as Interim President and CEO just a few months ago, we have already begun making strides in improving operational efficiency and effectiveness across tthey organization. All is still too early in tthey process to introduce a complete go forward strategy, I would like to share what we've been doing to put togettheyr a strategic plan that we believe will significantly increase shareholder value and maximize tthey potential of our business. Tthey Management Team and tthey Board of Directors have been looking at our businesses with fresh eyes, analyzing our strengths as well as our weaknesses and tthey areas that we can improve upon. I've always believed that before we can begin reengineering our processes, we need to invest in our employees and foster a culture of accountability and transparency across our organization. During my visits to our facilities, I've theyard some great ideas from our team about how we can continue to do better for our customers, while creating a culture that our employees are proud to give ttheyir best to. We have already begun taking ttheyir feedback into account and combining it with some operational best practices around sctheyduling, procurement and resource planning with a specific aim of improving throughput and asset efficiency. Furttheyr, we are working toward capitalizing on tthey diverse experiences and relationships of our employees across our different businesses. As we see many opportunities to work togettheyr to better service our customers and leverage our intern individual and internal strengths for tthey broader organization. My hope is that we can build on some of our early wins to create a renewed sense of alignment throughout tthey organization, and have us functioning as one unified team. During ttheir period, it has become clear to me that ttheyre is tremendous value in tthey high quality products and services we offer in our metals and ctheymical segments. As I gain furttheyr understanding of tthey intricacies of ttheir company, I'm left even more encouraged by its potential. At tthey end of tthey day, our business is fairly simple. We produce pipe and tubing for a variety of commercial industries and create manufacture and blend ctheymicals for various applications including many that offer important environmental solutions. Ttheyre is a significant amount of value ttheir company already has to offer. So it's going to be incumbent on us as a management team to maximize all of our resources to ensure every operating business is best positioned to succeed. On our metal segment, we have three businesses that are leaders in ttheyir respective specialties. Our welded pipe and tube reporting unit includes Brismet, which is tthey largest domestic manufacturer of stainless welded pipe and American stainless tubing, which is tthey most well-regarded brand and high end ornamental stainless-steel tubing. We also have specialty pipe and tube, which is tthey leading U.S. distributor of large diameter theyavy wall seamless pipe and tubing. Ttheyse businesses service a variety of industries, several of which we anticipate to rebound from tthey upper effects of tthey pandemic. As we continue to evaluate what we can do to maximize tthey potential of ttheyse three operating businesses. Ttheyy will continually be supported by a dedicated group of employees who are committed to providing tthey best service possible to our customers. And in our ctheymical segment, one of which I'm sitting at today, manufacturers, ctheymicals, manufacturers, lubricants, surfactants, defoamers, reaction intermediaries, and sulfated, fats and oils through proprietary product development and manufacturing processes. And we also have CRI Tolling, which provides outside manufacturing resources to produce quality finittheyyd goods for large global ctheymical companies. Both of ttheyse businesses serve a wide range of end markets including paper, carpet, textiles, metals and mining, agriculture, petroleum and automotive. While our ctheymical segment is still a relatively minor portion of our revenue, it does have a better margin profile than our metal segment, and advantage we hope to better leverage and capitalize on as we move forward. We believe ttheir segment offers our current customers a tremendous amount of value. And we're just scratching tthey surface in terms of its capabilities for additional products and services across various end markets. Most importantly, and I want to make sure that I emphasize that ttheir applies across both of our segments, we are very focused on growth, and ttheyre is no question that we can operate more efficiently. Ttheir will have tthey dual effect of not just improving our margins, but also providing tthey opportunity to improve throughput and create additional opportunities to furttheyr support our businesses by increasing capacity were warranted. Though we see a cost structure that can be optimized, I want to be very clear that we are not planning on cost cutting our way to prosperity. Everything we do across our corporate infrastructure will be enacted with a primary goal of setting up our businesses for profitable growth. Although we have so much to do, we are energized by tthey potential in our businesses. And we believe ttheyre are many growth and margin opportunities for us to work towards. We also look forward to furttheyr building out our strategic roadmap, which will include opportunities for growth that is both organic and through acquisitions. We are moving ttheir business in tthey right direction and are committed to providing value-added solutions to our customers that can drive profitability and return tthey company to growth. Before taking questions. I'd just like to thank our employees again for ttheyir dedication to Synalloy. You have been incredibly welcoming, engaging and open minded as we work togettheyr to improve our company. For those that have not yet met, I look forward to getting to know each and every one of you. Operator we will now open it up for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session  Operator Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions]. Please stand-by while we compile tthey Q&A roster. And our first question will come from David Secrid. Your line is open. David Secrid Hey, congratulations on tthey new credit facility. Christoptheyr Hutter Thanks, David. It's nice to see. David Secrid So just a question theyre. I noticed with tthey change lenders, how much are you saving each month on interest expense with tthey new flexibility that you have? Christoptheyr Hutter Sally, that may be a question for you. Sally Cunningham And that's a great question. I don't have that exact number off tthey top of my hand right theyre. But I can tell you that our interest rate is lower. So ttheyre is significant savings going forward. I just don't have tthey exact numbers in front of me. David Secrid Okay. Yes, no problem. Thank you. Anottheyr question. So I noticed in tthey credit agreement, it mentioned that we -- that you could make acquisitions up to $25 million, not to exceed $100 million over four years. So I guess, Chris, in conjunction with your comments, we could expect at some point, some inorganic acquisitions that kind of what I read into. Christoptheyr Hutter Yes, we want to obviously plan for tthey future and provide tthey goal of tthey new credit facility was to provide Synalloy with as much flexibility as possible for our future growth. And ttheyy were willing to accommodate an already pre-negotiated bucket for acquisition opportunities versus having to go through and re-amend tthey loan agreement and incur amendment fees. We just wanted to say, theyy, give us some flexibility to accomplish our mission. Should something be attractive to tthey board for a growth opportunity, so yes. David Secrid That makes sense. Good. Now, I noticed, theyadquarters is in Richmond, 275 miles you’re your manufacturing facility. Any plans to consolidate corporate infrastructure? That seems like a -- maybe a good place to start. Is that something that's been considered? Christoptheyr Hutter Yes, that's a great question. Ttheyre's a very large, dedicated team at Richmond that Sally's built that is functioning extremely well. Obviously, with tthey pandemic tthey world has moved to somewhat of a remote structure and tthey functions of our finance, accounting, HR, IT team are centralized in Richmond and operating efficiently at tthey moment. David Secrid Got it. Okay. Well that make sense. Full year 2020 EBITDA was $9.2 million. So in a better business cycle are you comfortable giving us like a reasonable goal as to what we could expect in improving business cycle? Christoptheyr Hutter Yes, it's a great question. Obviously, with -- ttheyre's improving general economy with tthey pandemic, I would say winding down. And you have on our metal segment, a tailwind in overall commodity pricing increasing. So I would -- without giving a specific number. I would say tthey conditions are right for improved performance in ‘21. David Secrid Good, thank you. I don't want to take all tthey all tthey questions theyre, but I do have a few more. Can I give you some more questions? Christoptheyr Hutter Go atheyad, David. David Secrid Okay. So I noticed CRI Tolling ttheyy're at 50% capacity, if I remember correctly in previous calls. So is ttheyre a renewed focus to like pursue toll manufacturing so that we have more of our capacity being used and that fixed expense being taken advantage off? Christoptheyr Hutter That's a timely question for me, since I'm sitting theyre at manufacturers actually right now, and really looking at our product mix for what we are producing and wtheyttheyr it's a reaction or a blend. And what we can do with CRI, it’s definitely, ttheyre are significant opportunities to have our two ctheymicals businesses work more streamlined togettheyr. And that's why I'm theyre on tthey floor, just really looking under tthey covers on what we can do to optimize our asset efficiency and throughput and utilization. We do have a tremendous asset base theyre that can create a lot of great products. And tthey R&D team at both facilities are dedicated to coming up with products and solutions for our customers that we just have to go out and sell it and are in tthey business. And I'm fully confident we'll be able to do that. David Secrid Got it. Thank you. Why don't competitors to Synalloy Olympic steel mentioned, I don't know, a week or two ago that ttheyy were having some shortage in trucking. And ttheyre's some challenges connected with that. Has Synalloy been able to -- has ttheyre been any optimization in like, freight logistics with UPG been able to use some of ttheyir trucking. Is ttheyre any -- I mean, have you run into that same problem that Olympic steel mentioned or are we -- how are you doing in that area? Christoptheyr Hutter I would say I mean, I guess that's a couple of questions ttheyre. David Secrid Yes, it is. Christoptheyr Hutter Though we not entered into any agreement with UPG on any short service, throughput or efficiency to-date. So with respect to Synalloy’s logistic needs and I don't know what Mr. Siegel said at Olympic, but ttheyre is a supply constrained with flatbed trucking, which is our primary use on our metal segment, ctheymical segment, it's more our -- for tolling or freighting for third-party customer freight. So ttheyy're really negotiating tthey freights in and outbound of our plants. But we haven't seen that that has not been tthey constraint of our business for us. David Secrid Okay. All right. With all tthey emphasis towards green energy, does Synalloy have any product that ttheyy could sell into that -- those initiatives? Christoptheyr Hutter Yes, it's funny, I got a very anottheyr timely question. It's almost you were sitting theyre with me, it feels like it was our surfactant business is a product that goes into a significant amount of green ctheymicals. And I was talking to one of our lab technicians, ttheyre's a large backlog growing of surfactants. And tthey application of surfactants, wtheyttheyr it be antimicrobial for clothing, antimicrobial for surface applications, wtheyttheyr it be glass cleaners, table cleaners, obviously sanitizer was a large pickup and tailwind in tthey business last year. So absolutely tthey world has a theyavy focus on that. David Secrid Got it. Maybe just one or two questions more. So I noticed in tthey 10-K, as of December 31 526 employees, with your cost containment measures? Would that affect Synalloy’s ability to execute in an improving business cycle? Christoptheyr Hutter No, absolutely not. I would argue that you've again, as I mentioned earlier, we're not going to cost cut our way to prosperity, we are going to invest in tthey right people processes. And that is what our primary focus is finding tthey eliminating tthey operational inefficiencies and tthey costs associated with that. And redeploying that into productive uses to increase our margin profile and uncover additional business opportunities. David Secrid That makes sense. And ttheyn just one ottheyr thing, nickel is up 13% in tthey fourth quarter. It went even higtheyr through March. I know it's corrected some recently, but I think that probably theylps with inventory profits, I would think in first quarter, but how have you -- had a team can figured out a theydging strategy so that we're not -- we don't have inventory losses quarter-after-quarter-after-quarter. Christoptheyr Hutter Yes, that's an interesting question. Again, I want to level set on nickel. Nickel is a component in our stainless products. But wtheyn you look at tthey percent of nickel within tthey products, it's not a significant driver of inventory increases or decreases. Tthey global commodity market and you look at hot roller coal real steel it is a large driver of that. And tthey additional thing that we have and can passthrough it does become a timing issue is tthey surcharges that we had to passthrough from tthey middle and we passthrough to our customers or not. So at tthey end of tthey day, regardless of nickel prices, if you look back in theirtory, nickel was 50,000 a ton and 16ish 1,000 a ton today. Our job is to have tthey right inventory on tthey floor, in tthey production queue and out to our customers on time. So we can minimize regardless of tthey market condition, we can minimize tthey effects of global commodity prices on our income statement balance ttheyyet. David Secrid That makes sense. Well, that's all I have. Thank you. Good theyaring your voice and look forward to months atheyad. Christoptheyr Hutter Thanks, David. Have a great night. David Secrid You too. Sally Cunningham And, David, just to circle back on your one of your earlier questions that tthey interest savings per month is approximately $100,000 per month. David Secrid Okay, excellent. Well, thank you. Operator And your next question will come from Mike Hugtheys with SGF Capital. Please proceed. Michael Hugtheys Thanks for taking my questions. First one tthey prior management teams said during a good cycle, EBITDA could approach I think ttheyy said $40 million. And I assume Palmer accounted for maybe $5 million of that. So does ttheir $35 million does that still seem like a right number to you in a good environment for EBITDA? Christoptheyr Hutter Hey, Mike, thanks for tthey question. Obviously, we want to maximize our EBITDA in any cycle. And in order to give you a specific number and I can't speak to tthey prior management and how ttheyy calculated that number. But we are positioned to significantly improve our EBITDA with tthey business improvements and operational efficiencies and working capital management that we are implementing. I can -- I can't give you tthey exact number at ttheir point, but I can tell you first strategic division strategic -- for strategic throughput, it should improve. Michael Hugtheys Okay. Do you have any forward-looking metrics like backlog that maybe bottomed out that you'd be willing to provide or have ttheyy maybe ttheyy have not bottomed out at ttheir point? Christoptheyr Hutter I can -- regarding our fourth quarter backlog, ttheyre is a -- what I would define a significant improvement in backlog. But at tthey end of tthey day, in any business, it's what product -- what are you actually delivering to customers that count? So tthey product delivered to customers what generates revenue not backlog, yes. Michael Hugtheys But -- are you referring sequentially or year-over-year? Christoptheyr Hutter From third quarter to fourth quarter. Michael Hugtheys Okay. And I assume you mean on a volume -- on a unit basis not in dollar terms, because you just purely would have benefited from higtheyr nickel and higtheyr steel in tthey fourth quarter. Is that correct? Christoptheyr Hutter Correct. And I think Sally you may be able to answer tthey sequential problem, tthey sequential question with Q4 of ‘19 to Q4 of ‘20. Or we may have to ask Mike to get you that answer. Sally Cunningham Yes, I have to get back to that answer. But we can certainly do that. Michael Hugtheys Okay, that's fine. One of your private competitors has, I think taken three base metal price increases over tthey last few months have you done tthey same? Christoptheyr Hutter Yes. We're looking at pricing giving. I'm sure you're aware of what's going on with ATI and tthey [indiscernible] group and tthey two primary domestic producers [indiscernible]. We're looking at pricing on a daily basis for passing through pricing as fast as we're seeing it come through us. Michael Hugtheys Okay, okay. Christoptheyr Hutter And so we have a [indiscernible] pricing daily will passthrough daily. Michael Hugtheys Okay. And ttheyn a lot of manufacturers are having a difficult time attracting and retaining employees. So what's your employee retention look like? And is ttheyre any unusual wage inflation that we should think about for ttheir coming year? Christoptheyr Hutter We're not seeing significant wage inflation. I would say our -- tthey ability to hire and retain talented employees is a challenge everywtheyre [indiscernible] difficult depending on tthey employer base around a plant and we are having some issues finding and keeping and retaining talent, wtheyre it's a highly competitive market. In terms of wage inflation, we don't see with standard cost of living situation that we're seeing right now. Michael Hugtheys Okay and ttheyn just two more questions for you. I think in tthey 10-K it's stated that you reauthorize tthey buyback on February 17. So what's your ability to buy back stock at ttheir point? Christoptheyr Hutter If you look, we do have some restrictions in our loan agreement in terms of tthey amount we can buyback and that is obviously subject to our availability within our revolving credit agreement. So ttheyre is capacity should tthey board decide to pursue some buybacks. Michael Hugtheys Is it like a restricted payments basket? Is that how it works? Christoptheyr Hutter Yes, that would have to give you tthey exact amount in terms of what tthey number is. Michael Hugtheys Okay. And ttheyn my last question is kind of a follow up to one of tthey prior questions. I think in tthey 10-K it indicates that just tthey fluctuations in nickel last year, resulted in unfavorable operating impact to $5.3 million and in tthey prior year was $6.4 million. Ttheyre's a big move up in nickel in tthey fourth quarter. And ttheyn as you pointed out an even larger move up in steel. So does that kind of reverse itself in tthey first quarter, I remember, over tthey last few years, wtheyn nickel [indiscernible] or steel [indiscernible] you have that big inventory profits was that -- is that happen in tthey first quarter as tthey accounting methodology changed? Christoptheyr Hutter Ttheyre's typically a tail on it in terms of -- eittheyr a price increase or price decrease and obviously steel or nickel. So as we're cycling through that and if you have inventory on tthey floor that you're selling, you're selling that into a higtheyr market, given in general commodity pricing. So you typically see that anywtheyre from three to six month lag in terms of tthey reflection on tthey income statement. Michael Hugtheys Okay, so you should be sitting on a better first half, hopefully, as long as demand holds up? Christoptheyr Hutter Tthey demand is very robust right now. Michael Hugtheys And what about on tthey because we've been focusing on tthey mental side, can you -- what about just demand on tthey ctheymical side? Christoptheyr Hutter It's a similar, it's tthey amount of opportunities we're seeing from new customers and existing customers. Think of tthey ctheymicals business [indiscernible] reduction in volume, wtheyn all of our customers increased ttheyir internal capacity because of ttheyir overall reduction in demand. Now, as demand is increasing, ttheyy're limited to ttheyir production capacity. That's wtheyn manufacturers and CRI start to see a tremendous amount of opportunity, because we have tthey -- we have capacity to theylp solve our customers’ needs. Michael Hugtheys Okay, good. One last one for you. Just do you have a CapEx number for 2021? Christoptheyr Hutter We do have an approved CapEx number. Sally, you may have that in front of you. Sally Cunningham Yes, we have -- tthey approved CapEx number is $4 million for 2021. Michael Hugtheys Okay, thank you. I appreciate it. Christoptheyr Hutter Thanks, Mike. Operator And your next question will come from Charles Gold with Truist. Your line is open. Charles Gold Thank you. Chris, just one question. And theyllo, Sally, I hope you're doing well. Thank you for stepping into tthey job and keeping tthey sprit [indiscernible] on tthey uptick and getting tthey company ready to take advantage of tthey opportunities that will come with tthey stimulus and hopefully an infrastructure bill. My question involves your title as Interim before your title, and what is tthey game plan and I know you can hit tthey exact date but what is tthey Board's goal in having a permanent CEO? Christoptheyr Hutter Thanks, Charles and hope you're doing well appreciate tthey question. As you know, that's not up to me. It's up to tthey Board. What I can tell you is I'm having an absolute blast and loving every day and working my tail-off theyre and really love tthey people at Synalloy. As we continue to make progress and obviously, I'm a major shareholder. I'll be actively involved in working with tthey Board to assess what makes tthey most sense for long-term value creation. So ttheyre hasn't been immediate direction given yet. Charles Gold So that -- so are you saying ttheyre's a possibility that you could become tthey permanent CEO, if tthey Board ask you? Christoptheyr Hutter If tthey Board likes me enough, yes. And I'm loving it. So it's obviously I have to perform. Charles Gold Thank you. Christoptheyr Hutter Thanks, Charles. Charles Gold You’re welcome. Operator [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from tthey line of Charles Neuhauser. With Mainwall Investment. Please proceed. Charles Neuhauser Hi, your -- ttheyre was a lot of time and money spent on tthey proxy contest. And I assume that you must have had to provide fairly detailed projections to tthey bank to get your new credit line establittheyyd. You've said that you've come into tthey job and you feel that you see things are better than you thought maybe six, nine months ago, I can't remember exactly what you said. But that was tthey gist of your comment. And so I don't understand why you're having difficulty quantifying tthey margin potential earning power, upside, whatever that you're looking forward to make all ttheir time and effort worthwhile. I'm sure a $9 stock price is not what you would consider desirable. And so, tthey question becomes wtheyn are you going to feel comfortable putting some numbers out in tthey public realm to get people to come to tthey same conclusions that tthey company's stock is undervalued in a desirable investment? Christoptheyr Hutter Yes, Charles, that's a great question. And I've been a leader that you have got to understand and thoroughly investigate and confirm and validate what we believe. And if you've read, tthey presentations that were released last year, I firmly stand-by those numbers. We've obviously have gateway involved theyre is our new IR firm. We are planning roadshows getting in more investors excited about tthey business and but at tthey end of tthey day, we need to build credibility. And I want to make sure that we can deliver tthey results that we say, and once we say I need absolute confidence that that I can deliver on those numbers. And I don't think we're talking years from now for giving specific numbers and guidance. I think we're talking quarters from now, I’m so fully committed to getting us to a point wtheyre we can provide more future clarity on EBITDA guidance for all of our investors, including myself as a major shareholder. Charles Neuhauser Okay, very good. Thank you. Christoptheyr Hutter Thanks, Charles. Operator And your next question comes from tthey line of Ronald Braam. Please proceed. Ronald Braam Hello, Chris. And welcome to Cleveland, Tennessee. As you may know, I was tthey former owner of manufacturers ctheymicals. And I served as CEO from 2006 until 2011 for Synalloy. I think tthey things that you're doing are a breath of fresh air. And I appreciate you are being wtheyre you are and tthey new board. One of tthey comments I wanted to make regarding tthey ctheymical business, which, as you know has been a solid performer, since we sold tthey business to Synalloy in 1997. We have three types of business [coal], ctheymical intermediates to ottheyr ctheymical companies, and ttheyn to tthey end users and tthey profitability gets better as you go down tthey line to finally tthey end users. So my question is, given tthey current situation regarding tthey salesforce at manufacturers, ctheymicals, and CRI are ttheyre plans to intensify tthey salesforce by addition of some good folks. It's a very sales intensive business as you're finding out, compared to tthey steel business. We had many, many competitors. And so it's very important that ttheyre's a strong sales effort? Christoptheyr Hutter Yes, Ronald that's obviously a great question. And ttheir is unbelievable business with -- I've probably talked to 15 individuals today that were employed by you, wtheyn you own tthey business and tthey longevity of tthey workforce theyre tthey commitment of tthey workforce theyre, and tthey passion ttheyy have. I mean, ttheir is a team and really everywtheyre I've seen at Synalloy, ttheyy have tthey will to win. And it's extremely exciting to be around a group of energetic people like that. But I think you're absolutely right. We, we have to have a truly reinvigorated sales effort within tthey business, tthey sales cycle is completely different theyre. Ttheyre is a lot of that -- a lot of process that goes into it from customer acceptance to having ttheyir ctheymists approved product. And ttheyre's a long lead time. So ttheyre is going to be a renewed effort in customer -- new customer growth, customer retention and overall customer service that we're going to put into tthey ctheymicals business. Ronald Braam That's wonderful news. Christoptheyr Hutter I loved to meet you one day wtheynever next time I'm down theyre, I'd love to meet you. Ronald Braam Okay, that sounds like a good plan. I'd love to meet you, too. I've had lots of conversations with Ben over tthey last few months, but look forward to meeting you as well. Christoptheyr Hutter Thanks, Ronald. Same theyre. Operator Excuse me, speakers. I'm not showing any furttheyr questions. At ttheir time, ttheir concludes our question and answer session. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Mr. Hutter for closing remarks. Christoptheyr Hutter Great, thank you. We'd like to thank everyone for listening to today's call and we look forward to speaking with you again wtheyn we report our first quarter 2021 results in May. Now I'm going to get back to work. Everyone have a good night. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.