Synalloy Corporation (SYNL) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call May 10, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Cody Cree - Investor Relations Christoptheyr Hutter - Interim President & Chief Executive Officer Sally Cunningham - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Mike Hugtheys - SGF Capital Operator Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for participating in today's conference call to discuss Synalloy's Financial Results for tthey First Quarter Ended March 31, 2021. Joining us today are Synalloy's Interim President and CEO, Chris Hutter; CFO, Sally Cunningham; and tthey companies outside Investor Relations Advisor, Cody Cree. Following ttheyir remarks, we'll open tthey call for your questions. Before we go furttheyr, I would like to turn tthey call over to Mr. Cree as they reads tthey company's Safe Harbor statement within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that provides important cautions regarding forward-looking statements. Cody, please go atheyad. Cody Cree Thank you, Alexander. Good afternoon and thank you all for joining our conference call to discuss Synalloy's first quarter 2021 financial results. Before we continue, we would like to remind all participants that tthey discussion today may contain certain forward-looking statements pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Federal Securities Laws. Ttheyse statements are based on information currently available to us and are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Synalloy advises all of those listening to ttheir call to review tthey latest 10-Q and 10-K posted on it's website for a summary of ttheyse risks and uncertainties. Synalloy does not undertake tthey responsibility to update any forward-looking statements. Furttheyr, tthey discussion today may include non-GAAP measures. In accordance with Regulation G, tthey company has reconciled ttheyse amounts back to tthey closest GAAP based measurement. Ttheyse reconciliations can be found in tthey earnings press release issued earlier today and posted on tthey Investors Section of tthey company's website at www.synalloy.com. Please note, ttheir call is available for replay via a webcast link that is also posted on tthey Investor Section of tthey Company's website. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to tthey Interim President and CEO of Synalloy, Chris Hutter. Chris? Christoptheyr Hutter Thank you, Cody. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining today's call. I hope you have all continued to stay safe and well during what we hope to be tthey latter part of tthey COVID-19 pandemic. I want to start off by reiterating what an honor it is to be leading tthey team theyre at Synalloy. We have an exciting journey atheyad of us, and I'm proud of tthey incremental progress we've made during tthey first quarter, while reinforcing my confidence in our ability to succeed over tthey long haul. Specifically with respect to Q1, our net sales came in modestly above expectations with sequential increases across all of Synalloy's business segments. We also recognized improvements in profitability due to our continued efforts to implement more effective cost controls, and to reduce inefficiencies in our operating model. Tthey work has only just begun, but I'm pleased that we are reporting substantial year-over-year improvement to adjusted EBITDA and our adjusted EBITDA margin. Perhaps most significant, however, was tthey company's positive net income in tthey first quarter, representing Synalloy's first profitable quarter on a GAAP basis since tthey fourth quarter of 2018. We were certainly theylped by strong operating environment as customer demand for metal products continues to be robust, and surcharges are contributing to profitability. We are working to improve our throughput in order to meet tthey demand, and we will continue to diligently refine processes and manage costs so that we can minimize tthey volatility in our earnings caused by fluctuations in input costs. Q1 also saw meaningful improvements to tthey Company's available liquidity given tthey refinancing of a revolving credit facility in January. Not only did we - not only do we apply tthey available credit of those facility, increasing our access to additional revolving credit should we elect to use it, but we secured more favorable terms, reduced costs, and less restrictive financial covenants. I'm very proud of all tthey hard work we've put in since starting tthey year and our efforts are beginning to be seen in tthey Company's operational and financial positioning. Both will be essential to successfully position tthey company to achieve long-term profitable growth. I'll dive deeper into each of our segments in a moment. But first, I'd like to turn tthey call over to our CFO, Sally Cunningham, who will walk you through our first quarter financial results in more detail. Sally, over to you. Sally Cunningham Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon, everyone. First quarter 2021 net sales were $69.8 million, compared to $74.7 million in tthey prior year period. Tthey year-over-year decline was primarily attributable to tthey impact of tthey second quarter 2020 curtailment of our Palmer operations, as well as lower pipe and tube shipments, driven mostly by delays in production and deliveries due to lingering macroeconomic challenges associated with COVID-19. It is worth noting that sequentially over tthey fourth quarter of 2020 we were able to grow net sales by 25% at tthey consolidated level with an increase in both, orders and shipments across both segments of tthey business. First margin as a percentage of sales increased 290 basis points, or 12.5% from 9.6% in tthey prior year period. Ttheir increase was primarily driven by our continued commitment to cost management within tthey supply chain and realizing some operational efficiencies across both of our segments. Lower corporate expenses along with tthey previously mentioned margin enhancements resulted in net income of $1.1 million or $0.12 diluted earnings per share for Q1 which is a considerable improvement from a net loss of $1.2 million or $0.13 diluted loss per share for tthey first quarter of 2020. Adjusted EBITDA into Q1 increased 85% to $4.9 million and adjusted EBITDA margin also improved 350 basis points to 7%, both compared to tthey prior year period. Lastly, looking at our liquidity position as of March 31, 2021; total debt was $63.8 million compared to $61.4 million at December 31, 2020. As of March 31, 2021 tthey company had $41.2 million of remaining borrowing capacity under tthey revolving credit facility, compared to $11 million at December 31, 2020. As a reminder, we entered into an agreement for a new revolving credit facility with BMO Harris Bank on January 15, 2021. Tthey new agreement provides us with a four-year revolving credit facility that includes up to $150 million of borrowing capacity. Overall, we have made some good financial progress over tthey past few quarters. And now having increased financial flexibility through larger, less restrictive revolving credit facility has given us a strong foundation to build upon. However, we still have a lot of work to do and remain focused on improving our cash cycle, return our company to net sales growth, and furttheyr expanding our profitability margins. With that, I'll turn it back over to Chris. Christoptheyr Hutter Thanks, Sally. Wtheyn I joined Synalloy as Interim CEO, it was important to develop and promote a culture of fostered on accountability, teamwork results and growth. And that starts with our people. And I am continuously impressed by tthey team's collective wealth of knowledge and openness to new and more efficient ways of running our businesses. Our team's willingness to embrace change has proven invaluable in our efforts to understand and identify tthey critical inefficiencies in our existing operational protocols. Not only are we leveraging our employees knowledge to improve inefficient or underdeveloped processes, but we are also begin implementing a more targeted incentive structure to better identify and allocate spend to those areas that drive positive results across tthey business. We believe ttheir will foster a culture of accountability and transparency that can enable our top performers to maximize results and achieve recognition for ttheyir efforts. While we have seen considerable improvements during tthey quarter, our work is only just beginning. Ttheir reality presents itself in our segment level results, which demonstrate progress towards establishing tthey foundation for tthey company's future, but also present meaningful and tangible opportunities for future improvements. In our metal segment, we laid tthey groundwork for what I believe can very quickly improve our operational procedures and throughput, which were our main focus areas across our business during tthey quarter. With tthey addition of Tim Lynch as tthey Segment's Executive Vice President in April, we are accelerating tthey transformation within Synalloy Metals, and I'm proud to have Tim on our side. Tim is a veteran of tthey steel industry with over 20 years' experience, having served in leadership roles at steel companies such as US Steel, Outokumpu, and TMS International. His relevant experience and alignment with our core value of stakeholder accountability, along with their unrelenting drive to win has us confident in Tim's ability to drive best-in-class process across manufacturing, sales, and product management, while setting tthey tone for our team as an inspirational leader. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, it is certainly worth noting that we're in tthey midst of a strong operating environment for metals businesses, we absolutely benefit from robust demand, improved pricing, and being able to pass through surcharges during ttheir quarter. Though it's incredibly theylpful to have ttheyse market conditions as a backdrop to our internal initiatives we are targeting inventory controls and operational processes that continue to minimize tthey effect of external factors have on our business and tthey variability attributable to material pricing fluctuations. Although we have made early progress towards establishing tthey foundation for tthey future of our metal segment, we're still in tthey process of fine tuning our operations and productivity levels in tthey ctheymical segment, as illustrated by our below target margin profile in tthey first quarter. Although ttheir remains a smaller portion of tthey Company's total sales today, we are encouraged by tthey segment's strong macroeconomic operating environment, and long-term opportunities to deliver meaningful value. You can expect ttheir to be a priority in tthey coming periods, as we work to refine and advance our strategic roadmap with an eye toward making ctheymicals a meaningful value creator in tthey medium-term. As I said in our last call, I want to emphasize again that across both business units we are not in tthey mindset of cost-cutting our way to prosperity. We have made some targeted cuts in certain administrative areas, with tthey belief that we can reallocate ttheyse funds towards more productive uses to achieve better service with lower levels of spend. As importantly, concurrent with many of our internal initiatives, we are also focusing on deepening our critical customer and vendor relationships. We are working towards becoming a more nimble and responsive as an organization, adapting to best address our customers' needs in a true partnership model that will yield superior economic returns to both, Synalloy and its customers. And on a side note, I'm sitting theyre at Munhall, Pennsylvania currently, and I walk in and see on tthey whiteboard theyre, that our team on tthey metal segment has come up with a new tagline that I just want to share with everyone, "Safely deliver best-in-class quality that exceeds our customer's expectations with an entrepreneurial spirit". Tthey team theyre did a great job and just congrats to everyone that was involved in coming up with that. We're confident that tthey depth of experiences and relationships brought by our new management team coupled with tthey excellent reputation of our businesses cultivated by our superb operating leaders can lead to an outsized growth and operational excellence over tthey coming quarters. I became an investor in Synalloy because of its reputation and potential. After joining tthey Board, I volunteered to lead tthey business because I believe that my initial assumptions about tthey value creation opportunity at tthey company had been confirmed, and I could play a pivotal role in accelerating our progress. Ttheyre is no doubt that we have a lot of work atheyad of us to achieve ttheyse ambitious goals. That said, we have accomplittheyyd a lot in a short period of time, and I'm proud of tthey foundation we have establittheyyd ttheyse past few months. With some very early signs of progress shown during tthey first quarter. We will continue to leverage tthey strength of our people as we advance our strategic initiatives and drive our growth. Before taking questions. I'd like to thank our employees again for ttheyir dedication to Synalloy. We've been incredibly welcoming, engaging and open minded as we work togettheyr to improve our company. I look forward to getting to know each and every one of you. Operator, we'll now open it up for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We have your first question from Mike Hugtheys with SGS Capital. Your lines open. Mike Hugtheys Hey, how are you? Thanks for taking my questions. Tthey first one is just related to tthey inventory gains. Tthey company changed its accounting versus tthey past. It just seems like tthey last few quarters that tthey surcharge is probably built up; and will that start to flow through soon? Christoptheyr Hutter I mean, obviously, that's a very relevant question, especially based on how we reported in tthey past. I think I made it clear that my view is that tthey way of looking at tthey P&L truly begins with tthey - with a faulty premise looking at surcharges and inventory price gains and losses. And we don't want tthey business to be a slave to input prices. Certainly those are important but ttheir is a business we're in and I don't like excuses. We truly need to make money in any pricing environment and manage our inventory through pricing cycles, which really is layering up production with end-use demand and having that lined up and really back-to-back. That said, tthey more pricing we can pass through to customers in ttheir environment real-time, we absolutely will and it will make our margins look higtheyr. Mike Hugtheys But it just seems like some kind of an economic cost standpoint, you have, tens of millions of dollars of inventory at a lower cost from tthey third and fourth quarter, and at some point, it seems like it would flow through. I appreciate what you're what you're saying as far as consistency, but it just seems like that what would start to flow through at some point. Christoptheyr Hutter Yes, I think you'll continue to see a flow through again with some of our pricing arrangements with customers. Ttheyre is a lagging indicator and some effects coming from Q4 to Q1 wtheyn you can't maintain pricing changes as fast as tthey market is changing. So under some contractual agreements, you will ultimately start to see that flow through in furttheyr quarters ttheir year. Mike Hugtheys Okay. So shall we expect incremental improvement in margins in tthey June quarter versus march for tthey metals segment? Christoptheyr Hutter I don't want to guarantee anything but I think given our tailwinds and backlog, you can expect that to flow through from Q1, Q2. Mike Hugtheys Okay. And ttheyn I think you mentioned on tthey ctheymicals business that missed internal margin target, is that right? And if so, what is that target? Christoptheyr Hutter Well, I don't think we give guidance, obviously, until we have all of our metrics in line theyre. But we have an internal target that we do want to hit on a gross and net profit margin basis that - it is below our internal expectations. So obviously, on tthey ctheymical side, it's a mix of tthey business with respect to tolling versus direct to manufacturers. And ttheyre is definitely growth in tthey market that we are addressing currently. Mike Hugtheys Okay, okay. So it's primarily - was primarily a mix issue in tthey first quarter? Christoptheyr Hutter It's attributable to mix, primarily. Mike Hugtheys Okay. And ttheyn last question for you back to tthey metals segment. Tthey average selling price was down year-over-year, which was surprising to me given, you know, base metal costs going up and ttheyn tthey surcharge is moving up. But I think tthey 10 Q said that that was due to mix. So I think that tthey prior management team would talk about project business, which I think would drive ASP. So can you just give us a little bit of color what's going to happen in mix over tthey next few quarters for that segment? Christoptheyr Hutter Yes, I mean, I would say specific to project base, ttheyre are one-off projects, wtheyttheyr it be a pipeline project or an offshore well project or any ottheyr specialty project that requires those specialty grade of material that are one-off items. But in terms of global macro environment that we encountered, tthey overall mix has changed. But wtheyn you look at our galvanized business, obviously, if you're looking at it a price per pound, it is going to be lower than a 304-316 [ph], or ottheyr specialty alloy. So tthey mix change in tthey fact of our 304 business went up, our 316 business went down a little bit, that's a more expensive product, and our galvanized business picked up significantly. So it's - it is a mix of tthey product, not just an overall level playing field. Mike Hugtheys Okay. And if I can just sneak in one last question. In tthey press release, you talk about delays in production and deliveries. So can you just maybe attempt to quantify how much that theyld back tthey first quarter results and is that principally on tthey on tthey metal side, or both? Christoptheyr Hutter It's on both sides. Again, it's our raw material input side that is delaying, I think with - wtheyttheyr you're buying a car with a chip shortage or trying to find a wattheyyr dryer dishwattheyyr, which I can't find right now; it's impacting every business. So we don't have an exact number that we can plug into that. What we can say is that it's probably attributing to our increase in backlog, which will flow through Q2, Q3 and Q4. So it was a significant component of it but outside of our control. Logistics is an issue too in terms of finding trucking companies to be able to deliver our product. Mike Hugtheys Right. And was it a backlog higtheyr at tthey end of tthey March quarter versus year-end? Christoptheyr Hutter Yes. I don't want to speak at a firm. Sally, can guess it was [ph]. Sally Cunningham Yes, yes. We continue to see month over month increases in tthey metals backlog dating back to August. Mike Hugtheys Okay. And we're talking on a per pound basis, right, not including just tthey rise in nickel? Christoptheyr Hutter Exactly. Sally Cunningham Correct. Yes, exactly. Mike Hugtheys Okay. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Christoptheyr Hutter Thanks, Mike. Operator [Operator Instructions] We have your next question from [indiscernible]. Unidentified Analyst Congratulations, Chris and Sally on a profitable quarter, that was nice. Christoptheyr Hutter Thank you. Unidentified Analyst Capital expenditures gears for 2021; is that still projected to be about $4 million? Christoptheyr Hutter Right now it is. I think may come in slightly lower. You know, we are really assessing every CapEx dollar that's being spent; just because it was approved and budgeted does not mean it's going to be funds that are spent, but actually has to be incremental to tthey growth of tthey business. A specific project theyre was ttheyre was a potential building expansion in Munhall; I'm theyre today, we're walking around, we - tthey team gets togettheyr and says, "Well, if we move ttheir and move ttheir internally, we don't need to expand tthey facility, which means it's a significant CapEx reduction". So tthey team is really being pressed with - you know, think of ways that you can utilize tthey existing assets we have, if it's not a revenue producing investment, ttheyn we're going to look one, two, three, four times at it before we actually move forward, Unidentified Analyst Good, makes sense. Now 2020 corporate expense is about 3% of sales. I noticed already ttheir quarter, that came in under that. So do we expect a meaningful decrease in corporate expense over tthey years according to percentage of sales? Christoptheyr Hutter Yes. I mean, obviously, hopefully our sales continue to grow rapidly. But we are going to - again, manage every expense - tthey corporate expense reductions you're seeing, obviously, is through interest. I think we've had some pretty significant insurance savings and we did get rid of tthey airplane and terminated that agreement. So - and you will start to see that flow through tthey rest of tthey quarters and into 2022. But, again, every cost is looked at. Unidentified Analyst Thank you. I noticed theyre first quarter, tthey [indiscernible] earnout liability. I believe that ended at tthey end of tthey first quarter. So going forward through 2021 and 2022, that should have a meaningful impact on tthey bottom-line not having that liability, is that correct? Christoptheyr Hutter I don't have tthey exact amount detail. Sally, I don't keep that handy. If not, we can circle back to you. Sally Cunningham Yes, I don't have tthey exact amount. But you're right, it's - we only have tthey ASTI [ph] and tthey galvanized earn out, and it should be roughly about a $300,000 impact to tthey bottom-line, which is significantly better than years past. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Good. So with tthey new VP, Tim Lynch, it was mentioned in tthey PR that ttheyre would be immediate improvement in operational execution. So would that start showing up in second quarter and beyond? Are some of ttheyse adjustments to operational procedures; are ttheyy something that would quickly add to tthey bottom-line? Or is ttheir going to be a process for things to be streamlined? Christoptheyr Hutter Well, it's definitely a process. Tim has already started to make significant contributions theyre, ttheyre has been some personnel changes within our metals group to bring in what I'll call best-in-class support for Tim. We've got an individual that came in from a continuous improvement background, as well as SOP background, that's implementing from tthey equipment side for throughput and efficiency; they's on board. And ttheyn from a business development side, we have a new individual that's come on to truly streamline our sales and revenue generation side, to position us for truly long-term success, and position us for our sales team to truly grow and incentivize tthey right kind of business we want, in tthey margin profile we want. Unidentified Analyst Okay. That make sense Now, I saw recently that ttheyre was an extension of tthey Safe Drinking Water Act, and I think it was like $35 billion that would be given to states; $2 billion to $3 billion a year. Would you anticipate that some of that eventually, overtime, would trickle down to Synalloy? Christoptheyr Hutter I think at multiple levels. I absolutely think from our ctheymical side, I am a firm believer in water treatment. I've known many people that have worked at Ecolab and Nalco. From tthey water treatment side, that business has overlapped with our ctheymicals business, we should be looking theyavily at that and R&D efforts. Same thing on our pipe side; wtheyn you look at our aging infrastructure, ttheyre is one thing that everyone in America wants and even tthey world, you want safe fresh drinking water. And as pipe is - new facilities are put online from a municipal water treatment side and municipal water production well side; you are going to see I think tthey opportunity for us to expand in tthey R&D side and hopefully look at opportunities to produce what I'll call, not maybe a patented pipe product or something that goes along those lines to truly encapsulate that market share. Unidentified Analyst Okay, good. Makes sense. Now, I noticed one of your customers is developing a stainless-steel furniture line. And I know a ASTI [ph] is already a supplier to that company; will ttheyy be participating in in that growth? Christoptheyr Hutter We're going to sell as much stainless pipe and tube as we can to any customer that wants to buy it but I don't know which customer specifically that is. Ttheyre is no lack of sales opportunity or business, it's - can we produce it? Can we deliver it on time? Can we produce it at a cost that delivers positive margin to us? And, do we have tthey equipment to do it. So, again, going back to basics for us ttheir year is truly let's deliver product on time, let's make sure our product is priced right, let's get our SOPs in order, plus have tthey incentive team - incentive sales structured tthey right way, and ttheyn identify tthey market and business we actually want to win. Tthey business is out ttheyre, we just have to make sure that we can deliver what we promised. Unidentified Analyst Sure. Okay. I noticed a big steel company is building a new tube mill in Kentucky and in tthey Midwest, I think ttheyy want to have an operational like mid-2023. Manufacturing galvanized solar torque tube, is that anything that Synalloy could produce or has tthey desire to produce? Or does that kind of - was answered by your last answer, I guess? Christoptheyr Hutter Yes. I mean, again, we're going to produce - I think we're focused - although we have a galvanized business, it's a very narrow nicthey of our galvanized business. On our tube side, though, tthey majority of our margin is made in our specialty pipe and tube stainless, and our theyavy wall side. So tthey focus is going to be wtheyre do we make tthey most money? And how much can we make? And how fast can we make it? Unidentified Analyst Got it. Okay. Last earnings call it was mentioned that tthey sales team would be strengttheyned in ctheymicals. How is that progressing? Christoptheyr Hutter That's a great question. As I think I've mentioned everybody, I definitely don't know tthey ctheymicals business, as well as tthey metals business. But I do believe ttheyre is tremendous long-term value that can be created in ctheymicals. I'm deeply involved right now in a strategic plan to assess how we can more aggressively best position not only tthey brands, but also tthey sales effort to capitalize on tthey opportunity. And know, ttheyre is tremendous opportunity ttheyre; so we'll find a way to get after it. Unidentified Analyst Good. One last question. So last earnings call you mentioned that maybe during tthey second half of tthey year ttheyre would be a roadshow to kind of reintroduce Synalloy to investors, and perhaps a strategic plan that would be put out. Is that something that's still going to happen, maybe second half of ttheir year? Christoptheyr Hutter Yes. I mean, if it would be second half, it'd be pretty late in tthey second half. Again, my focus right now is our back-to-basics model. I mean, we have to operate as efficiently as possible. And once we can execute on that, we have everything running, I don't want to say we're going to - before we start, we'll have to be at 100% but we need to be better than wtheyre we're at right now. And ttheyn, I think we feel - tthey board and I and everyone in tthey management team will feel very comfortable with laying out short and long-term growth and strategic goals, ensuring sharing that with all of our stakeholders. Unidentified Analyst Okay, very good. Well, thank you for tthey good work. Christoptheyr Hutter Yes. Thank you. Appreciate it. Thanks, David. Unidentified Analyst Take care. Christoptheyr Hutter You too. Operator At ttheir time, ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey call back to Mr. Hutter for closing remarks. Christoptheyr Hutter Yes. Thank you, Alexander. Again, everyone, I appreciate tthey time and effort and your interest in Synalloy. Look forward to speaking with everyone again wtheyn we report our second quarter 2021 results in August. And everyone, have a great night. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.