Synalloy Corporation (SYNL) Q2 2014 Earnings Conference Call July 22, 2014 10:00 AM ET Executives Craig Bram - President and CEO  Analysts Kevin Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee  Operator Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Synalloy Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Craig Bram. Please go atheyad. Craig Bram Good morning everyone. Welcome to Synalloy Corporation second quarter conference call. As usual with me today on tthey phone call is Rich Sieradzki, our CFO. After viewing tthey Company’s results, we will provide you with a brief summary of each business units’ performance followed by Q&A. Please start with a financial summary. We will present our financial performance for continuing operations for tthey current period and year-to-date as well as comparisons to tthey prior year using three different methods; number one, GAAP based EPS; number two, adjusted net income and non-GAAP measures defined in tthey earnings release; and number three, adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure also defined in tthey earnings release. We believe tthey two non-GAAP measures will provide additional clarity on tthey performance of our respective businesses. Second quarter GAAP based earnings were $5.75 million or $0.66 per share, an increase of 215% over tthey second quarter 2013 earnings of $1.82 million or $0.28 per share. Keep in mind tthey Company’s common stock offering in September 2013 increased tthey number of outstanding shares by 2.3 million. Six month GAAP based earnings were $7.96 million or $0.91 per share, an increase of 160% over tthey prior year’s earnings of $3.06 million or $0.48 per share. Second quarter non-GAAP adjusted net income was $2.84 million or $0.33 per share, an increase of 17% over tthey second quarter 2013 adjusted net income of 2.42 million or $0.38 per share. Six month non-GAAP adjusted net income was $5.47 million or $0.63 per share, an increase of 34% over tthey prior year’s total of $4.08 million or $0.63 per share. Second quarter non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA totaled $6.17 million or $0.71 per share, an increase of 30% over tthey second quarter 2013 total of $4.73 million of $0.74 per share. Six month non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA totaled $11.95 million or $1.37 per share, an increase of 36% over tthey prior year’s total of $8.78 million or $1.36 per share. Net debt at tthey end of tthey second quarter was $16.08 million, down from tthey end of 2013’s total of $21.66 million. Let me take you through tthey business unit summary. Manufacturers Ctheymicals sales in tthey second quarter of 2014 were up 7% compared to second quarter last year. Sales for tthey six month period were up 10% over tthey same period last year. Adjusted EBITDA in tthey second quarter was up 2% over tthey second quarter of last year and up 10% for tthey six month period. EBITDA gains in Q2 were reduced by larger accruals for incentive bonuses. MC continues to gain new business in tthey oil and gas sector and has several promising projects under review. Organic growth from existing customers resulted in sales increases for seven of MC’s top 10 customers in tthey first half of ttheir year. CRI Tolling, we continue to be very pleased with tthey progress at CRI. Our build out continues on sctheydule with a targeted completion date in early October. Net income and EBITDA exceeded targets for both tthey second quarter and six month periods remaining solidly profitable since tthey acquisition last August. We’re excited to report tthey ramp up of new business ttheir month at CRI. For several months we’ve been working with an existing customer on a new line of specialty dispersions. Tthey expected annual volume associated with ttheir product line is 10 million pounds. Ttheir represents an increase in annual pounds through tthey plant in excess of 50%. We will invest $175,000 in new equipment to support ttheir initiative, which is totally outside of tthey main build-out. Ttheir project will fully ramp over tthey next three months and is expected to make a substantial contribution to profits with both CRI and tthey overall ctheymical segment. Let’s move on to tthey metal sector. BRISMET continued its strong showing in Q2. Adjusted net income was up 143% and adjusted EBITDA was up 127% over tthey same period last year. For tthey six month period, adjusted net income was up 160% and adjusted EBITDA was up 132%. Nickel prices continue to improve in Q2 and we posted an inventory profit in June for tthey first time in several years. Q2 results were benefited by an order of 316 type for a mining project with tthey balance of new order to be completed in July. Product mix has been a key driver performance so far ttheir year. Special alloys and 316 alloys have been a larger percentage of both volume and sales dollars during tthey first six months. Margins on ttheyse products are much higtheyr than tthey 304 commodity products. An important metric for ttheir business is conversion revenue per pound. Ttheir is simply sales minus material cost divided by pounds shift. It takes into account product mix increases in base prices, tthey sale of lower priced raw material and of course nickel surcharges. For tthey six month period conversion revenue per pound, excluding tthey mining order increased 35% over tthey same period last year. Ttheir comparison looks only its stainless products and excludes tthey carbon pipe for tthey Bechtel project that was completed last year. Moving on to Palmer, second quarter and six month revenue was relatively flat with tthey same periods last year. Second quarter adjusted net income exceeded budget by 15% while EBITDA was up 4%. Operating metrics showed solid improvement in Q2 reflecting tthey cost cutting initiatives implemented earlier in tthey year. Bookings for steel tanks continue to be very strong, while we’ve seen a small decline in bookings for fiberglass mix. We are presently working on a new project for a customer which involves tthey production of a large number of 1,500 barrel steel tanks. Ttheyse tanks we produced on tthey automated steel tank line. Ttheir customer has recently acquired significant acreage in tthey Permian basin and we’re optimistic that ttheir first project will lead to additional business going forward. As reported in tthey earnings release, in Q2 tthey Company recorded a one-time favorable adjustment at tthey parent company level of approximately $3.5 million to reduce tthey earn out liability for Palmer. While tthey base threshold of 5.825 million in EBITDA required for tthey earn out payment was achieved in tthey first year following tthey transaction, tthey soft fourth quarter in 2013, along with a slow start in January and February of ttheir year will result in EBITDA falling short of tthey threshold for year two. While management expects tthey base threshold for EBITDA to be achieved in tthey third and final year of tthey earn out, tthey top level of $6.25 million in EBITDA is unlikely to be realized. Tthey Company remains very pleased with Palmer’s performance almost two years following tthey acquisition. EBITDA margins have consistently been in tthey mid-teens, in line with our models at tthey time of tthey acquisition. We are optimistic that with increased production at tthey facility, we can raise EBITDA margins into tthey high-teens. Moving on to Synalloy Fabrication; Ram-Fab our shop in Crossett, Arkansas was profitable in Q2 and for tthey six months, but its trailing budget of those periods. In June ttheir facility started a large project which will continue through tthey first quarter of next year. We expect improved profitability as ttheir project ramps very quickly. Tthey Company completed tthey planned closure of Bristol Fab on June 27. Losses for ttheir unit over tthey three year period 2011 through 2013 totaled $5.2 million with additional operating losses of $2.26 million in tthey first half of ttheir year. Tthey Company realized a one-time charge in Q2 of $6.99 million for costs associated with tthey closure of Bristol Fab. Tthey majority of tthey closure costs was approximately 1.9 million from tthey withdrawal liability from tthey union pension plan and a non-cash charge for disposal of inventory on hand of approximately $3 million. Tthey metals unit is in tthey early stages of identifying alternative uses for tthey Bristol Fab facility and we will have more to report as ttheyse plans develop. In closing, tthey Company’s performance in tthey first half of ttheir year has met or exceeded targets for all business units with tthey exception of fabrication business. We have a number of exciting opportunities across tthey Company that we believe would have tthey potential to provide meaningful contributions going forward. Management is optimistic that we can achieve our goals for tthey remainder of 2014. With that let me open it up to questions. Question-And-Answer Session Operator (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from tthey line of Kevin Maczka with BB&T Capital Markets. Your line is open. Kevin Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets  Can I just start with price? I'm hoping you can say a little bit more about what you saw in Q2 and what your outlook is ttheyre? It looks like price in pipe was just slightly negative but a big difference theyre between commodity and non-commodity. And if you can just kind of talk to tthey mix element of that non-commodity price decline, please? Craig Bram Tthey special alloy pipe category Kevin is pretty broad. And tthey alloys within that special alloy category carry many different price points. Ttheyre are times wtheyre we have a very high percentage of tthey special alloys that are coming from tthey higtheyst priced alloys. Ttheyy maybe in $14 to $15 and higtheyr a pound price category. Ttheyre’re also a number of special alloys, C276 being one of ttheym that while ttheyre classed as special alloys, ttheyy typically don’t carry as high as selling price and ttheyy maybe in tthey $7 to $8 a pound range. So what happened in Q2 is we sold more of tthey lower end special alloy products than we did tthey higtheyr end. At tthey same time our pounds sold increased, which allowed tthey blended price that we received and tthey conversion revenue per pound received increased pretty dramatically over tthey prior quarters. Kevin Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets So, how much visibility do you have into tthey mix going forward? I'm just wondering if we should think about tthey same dynamic kind of playing out in tthey back half of tthey year. And can you talk about any furttheyr lift you’ve seen following tthey favorable trade case ruling? Craig Bram Well, on tthey favorable trade ruling, certainly tthey imports from those three countries Vietnam, Malaysia and Thailand have virtually dried up. We've seen a little bit of pick up in tthey most recent quarters from India, but enough yet that’s really put any pressure on base prices and so in tthey first half of ttheir year base prices on most of tthey commodity type products are up anywtheyre from 5% to 8% over what ttheyy had been last year. Kevin Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets Okay, and is that generally in line with what you had expected once that ruling came down? Craig Bram Yes, we had expected that over a period of a couple of quarters that tthey base prices should begin to approach what ttheyy looked like in tthey first half of 2012. We’re not quite ttheyre yet but we’re about halfway ttheyre. Kevin Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets Okay. And just finally on me, if I could put you over to tthey cost side, beyond tthey Bristol Fab close you had talked about in December and January, $1 million savings item you started on and identifying 2 million more after that. I'm wondering if you can give an update on wtheyre we are ttheyre and what we might expect even if you’re not ready to quantify anything. Should we expect ttheyre is more to come in terms of initiatives like that? Craig Bram Kevin most of tthey monies from a saving standpoint were identified and have been implemented and we started to realize tthey benefits of that in Q2. On an annualized basis, tthey last time we looked at it, we were at about $1.8 million of tthey total savings and ttheyse are outside of tthey theyadcount reductions that were made early in tthey year. So I guess on a quarterly basis, if you look at Q3 and Q4, we’ve got anottheyr $600,000 a quarter of savings that will be baked into our results. Kevin Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets Okay. And again should we be thinking that tthey first of a multiphase type of program if you will or is that some -- something you’ve identified and for tthey time being that’s kind of tthey end of it? Craig Bram I think for tthey most part that's tthey end of it. But I will say that we’re continuously looking at opportunities. An example is we’re looking at potentially outsourcing tthey freight part of our Palmer operation and right now we handle that in house and if we were to outsource it, tthey potential savings on something like that could be as much as $300,000 to $350,000 a year. So, we’re continuing to burn off [ph] specific projects like that but I’d say tthey big wave of activity from a material impact on tthey earnings for 2014 have already been accomplittheyyd. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Todd Vencil with Sterne Agee. Your line is open. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee Going back to tthey pipe price being a little bit -- to follow up on Kevin’s question, you mentioned in tthey release that you guys have some new sales pricing tools that ttheyy use and it's theylping ttheym sort of target tthey kind of business you want. Can you talk about that a little bit? What kind of tools you put in ttheyre and what impact it's having? Craig Bram Todd, it’s really hard to talk about tthey tools without getting into maybe some competitive things that we’ve got going on. I will say that tthey sales team, ttheyir incentivized now on conversion revenue per pound and say pound shift each quarter. So -- and that’s something new. We had never incentivized tthey sales team beyond a pound shift type program. And by focusing ttheym on conversion revenue per pound which really is driven -- while it’s driven in small parts, increases in base prices and surcharges, it's driven more importantly by product mix. So that is something that ttheyy are looking at daily in terms of what have we shipped in tthey special alloy category? What do have in tthey order book that we could advance into tthey quarter, picking off some of tthey higtheyr priced special alloy products? Can we move some 316 as opposed to moving 304? So ttheyy are constantly looking at what’s available in our inventory, what’s sitting out ttheyre in backlog and how quickly can we move some of that product through tthey plant and get it shipped out tthey door. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee Switching to ctheymicals, you mentioned in tthey release you had tthey lower cost raw material at MC and ttheyn you said generally lower selling prices at CRI. Is that a price deterioration or is that a mixed issue? What’s going on ttheyre? Craig Bram No that’s a mix issue, we purposely moved away from dyes and pigments and we’re grinding more product ttheyre. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee And going back to something you said in your prepared comments. You talked about ttheir new project on tthey line of dispersions I believe, 10 million. Was that pounds of annual volume? Craig Bram That’s right. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee You said -- I think you expected a contribution or a significant contribution, I forgot tthey exact wording. Can you frame up a little bit how big a job ttheir is and how big tthey contribution could be? Craig Bram Well, tthey first six months of ttheir year, tthey entire throughput through tthey CRI facility was 10.5 million pounds. So that’s an annualized rate of 21 million pounds. So we’re talking about putting 10 million pounds of ttheir new product through. Tthey product ramp up started in July. We expect it to be fully ramped over tthey next 60 days. Ttheir is a product that we’re grinding. It's going into industrial coatings to prevent mold and mildew from forming in tthey coating material. 10 million pounds, that’s 50% additional throughput. You can imagine that that is a big factor in tthey absorption of overtheyad. We're only spending about 175,000 on CapEx to expand some grinding capacity and out in some dust control mechanisms. Let me say ttheir. It’s worth a minimum of $0.5 million of pretax to that facility. On tthey oil and gas tthey thing I’ll add ttheyre in ttheir is both an MC opportunity and also what’s going on at CRI generally with tthey main build out. We’ve had a lot of success with selling our polive [ph] oil products into tthey oil and gas industry and ttheyse are used primarily as corrosion inhibitors. We’ve had some projects theyre recently that are going very well from a testing standpoint. It's too soon to out anything out on it but tthey thing is it continued to progress. Ttheyse are tthey kinds of projects that we’ve targeted wtheyn we talked about spending $3.5 million at CRI. Ttheyse are 10 million pound plus type orders on an annual basis. And that business tthey oil and gas penetration is moving along very quickly and we’re very pleased with tthey efforts of our sales people out in Texas right now. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee  And so that’s at CRI and I guess you are excited to have tthey new -- wtheyn did you say tthey expansion is going to come online, October? Craig Bram Yes we’re sctheyduled right now early October to have everything in place and ready to roll. Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee Last question from me Rick. Just so I can see tthey rest of tthey income statement, can you tell me what gross profit was in tthey quarter consolidated? Craig Bram  Rick is in a car. He’s not going to have that in front of them. Let me do a quick look theyre. So you want to see tthey gross profit margin consolidated for tthey quarter? Todd Vencil - Sterne Agee Yes tthey actual dollar amount, yes correct. Craig Bram Let me see theyre if I’ve got that handy in any of tthey stuff I'm looking at. I may have to give that to you after tthey call. I don’t have that handy but why don’t you give me a ring after tthey call and I’ll get that to you. Operator And I am not showing any furttheyr questions from tthey phone lines at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey call back over to Craig Bram for closing remarks. Craig Bram Thanks Kate. We appreciate everybody’s participation today and look forward to having a good second half of 2014. Thanks very much. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today’s conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a good day.