Synalloy Corporation (SYNL) Q1 2018 Earnings Conference Call May 3, 2018 9:00 AM ET Executives Craig C. Bram - President and CEO Dennis M. Loughran - SVP and CFO Analysts Michael Hugtheys - SGF Capital Management Charles Gold - Scott & Stringfellow Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Synalloy first quarter's earnings conference call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at tthey time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Craig Bram, President and CEO. You may begin, sir. Craig C. Bram Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Synalloy Corporation's first quarter 2018 conference call. Dennis Loughran, our CFO, is with me today as well. Dennis will start by providing a review of tthey Q1 financials, and ttheyn I'll provide some comments on our business segments and tthey positive trends that we are seeing so far in 2018. We will ttheyn open tthey call to questions. Dennis? Dennis M. Loughran Hello everyone. As usual, tthey financial results will be presented using three different methods; first, GAAP-based EPS; second, adjusted net income, a non-GAAP measure as defined in tthey earnings release; and third, adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure also defined in tthey earnings release. First quarter GAAP-based income was net profit of $3.8 million or $0.44 per share, as compared with net income of $0.7 million or $0.08 per share in tthey first quarter of 2017. First quarter non-GAAP adjusted net income was $4.3 million or $0.49 per share as compared to adjusted net income of $1.3 million or $0.15 per share in tthey first quarter of 2017. First quarter non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA totaled $7.6 million, or 13% of sales, compared to prior year's first quarter total of $3.5 million or 8.3% of sales. As pointed out in tthey earnings release, inventory price change gain impacted results total on a pre-tax basis of $2.5 million in tthey first quarter of 2018 compared to $0.9 million in last year's first quarter. On an after-tax basis, that represents $1.2 million difference between tthey two quarters. Tthey combined adjusted EBITDA as a percent of sales for tthey operating businesses in tthey first quarter was 15.2%, a substantial improvement over tthey prior year's first quarter of 11.3%. At tthey end of tthey first quarter, our outstanding borrowings against our ABL facility totaled $34.3 million, up $8.4 million from tthey December 31, 2017 total. Tthey increase is primarily related to increased working capital due to substantially increased activity as well as replacement cost increases in steel-based components of our inventory. Tthey calculated ABL facility remaining availability as of March 31, 2018 was approximately $30.1 million. I'll now turn tthey call back over to Craig. Craig C. Bram Thank you, Dennis. Synalloy is off to a tremendous start in 2018, posting record sales and record net income for tthey first quarter. We expect tthey remaining quarters of tthey year to be even stronger than Q1, with each of our business units contributing improving performance. April kicked off tthey second quarter with a new monthly record for sales of $26 million. While pleased with our performance to date, ttheyre is considerable upside from theyre. I would like to touch on some of tthey primary drivers that we believe will theylp us build on ttheyse outstanding results. Focusing first on our stainless steel pipe and tube business, we've spoken in tthey past about tthey need for infrastructure spending in tthey downstream energy markets to return to normalized levels in order to maximize profits in ttheir product line. We are still waiting for tthey recovery to take hold but believe we are on tthey cusp of renewed spending in ttheir critical end market. Earlier ttheir year, tthey Petroctheymical Update publittheyyd ttheyir outlook for tthey downstream energy market, which included input from tthey American Ctheymistry Council. Tthey U.S. ctheymical industry remains advantaged with access to tthey ctheyapest and most abundant natural gas in tthey world, resulting in tthey U.S. being tthey preferred destination for ctheymical investment. Over tthey next four years, capital investment in tthey petroctheymical sector is expected to ramp by 6% to 7% annually, culminating in upwards of $48 billion in spending in 2022. Ttheir represents roughly 2.5x tthey spending that occurred in 2010. All sizes and alloys of welded stainless steel pipe and tube will be required to support ttheir effort [indiscernible] better positioned to take advantage of ttheir opportunity. Special alloy sales with ttheyir outsized margins will be a key driver of incremental profits. In 2014, special alloy sales represented roughly 8% of tthey pound shipped from tthey Bristol facility. In 2017, special alloy sales represented less than 5% of tthey pounds shipped. And in tthey first quarter of ttheir year, we are only 3.5% of tthey total pounds shipped. That said, tthey current backlog has a much higtheyr mix of special alloys, which will provide a material increase in average selling prices over tthey next several quarters. In tthey first quarter of ttheir year, tthey average selling price per pound was $2.46 or roughly 21% below tthey average selling price realized in 2014. Tthey average selling price and tthey current backlog is $2.92 per pound or 6% below tthey average selling price in 2014. Special alloy shipments returning to 2014 volume and pricing levels would increase annual adjusted EBITDA by $6 million over our projected 2018 levels. Tthey consolidation that occurred in tthey domestic welded stainless steel pipe and tube market in 2017 was and will continue to be transformative. Rational pricing has taken hold in tthey market, allowing for adequate returns on invested capital. Any doubts that domestic producers can support tthey demands of ttheyir customer base without tthey theylp from imports are misplaced. With combined capacity from tthey Bristol and Munhall facilities, including our recently purchased high-frequency auto laser mill, Bristol Metals can now produce upwards of 110 million pounds of welded stainless steel pipe and tube annually. Bristol Metals alone can supply up to 50% of tthey North American market demand for welded stainless steel pipe. Turning to our storage tank business, ttheyre was a timely article in tthey Wall Street Journal earlier ttheir month on tthey growth and resulting bottlenecks in tthey Permian basin. It has taken some time but tthey storage tank manufacturers in tthey Permian have finally reactheyd full production capacity. As tthey article suggests, pricing for materials and services have shown theyalthy gains. We are quoting considerably higtheyr prices on current bids than what we were able to realize even three months ago. Tthey current backlog reflects average selling prices that are 27% higtheyr than what was realized in tthey first quarter of ttheir year. Our seamless carbon pipe and tubing product line has shown impressive growth as well. Tthey Houston facility is seeing improved sales and margins as higtheyr oil prices create more demand for high-pressure applications in both drilling and energy transportation. Between tthey Munhall and Specialty acquisitions, which were our two most recent, contributions to adjusted EBITDA was annualizing at over $17 million. My final comment on tthey Metals Segment concerns surcharges resulting from rising nickel prices. On an after-tax basis, Q1 profits were benefited by approximately $1.2 million over tthey first quarter of last year. Surcharges for tthey second quarter of ttheir year are currently running about 25% higtheyr than tthey first quarter of ttheir year, so we do look to pick up additional inventory profits in tthey second quarter. Our forecast however for tthey second half of tthey year assumes a nickel-neutral environment with neittheyr inventory profits or inventory losses. While we've seen nickel prices rebound from theirtoric lows, tthey current price of nickel still trails tthey average price in 2014 by 17% and is still below tthey seven-year average price. With tthey metal in deficit mode, we expect pricing to steadily increase in tthey next several years. Turning to tthey Ctheymicals Segment, 2018 will be a rebound year. Increasing capacity utilization at tthey CRI facility is very important to incremental profits. Tthey new business announced earlier ttheir month is one of several projects that will move us in tthey right direction. Ttheir particular project was fast-tracked and was not included in our most recent forecast for tthey Ctheymicals Segment. We expect second half revenue of $7 million and $750,000 of incremental EBITDA from ttheir product line. Our revised forecast for 2018 essentially has us achieving our 2019 target for adjusted EBITDA of over $30 million one year early. Ttheir however excludes contributions from any acquisitions. We mentioned our work on a bolt-on acquisition in tthey earnings release. At ttheir time, Synalloy is under LOI and working through due diligence. Should we not encounter any problems, we expect to close on ttheir deal by June 30. Tthey acquisition would add $21 million of revenue and over $2 million of EBITDA in tthey second half of ttheir year, with $45 million of revenue for tthey full year 2019 and $4.5 million in EBITDA. We will be acquiring ttheir business for tthey value of tthey equipment and net working capital, and can easily accommodate tthey purchase price under our existing ABL funding. We expect to provide more details on ttheir very soon. Finally, our share prices responded favorably to tthey Company's performance, with a year-to-date gain of approximately 29%. However, our valuation on an enterprise value to EBITDA basis still trails tthey median of tthey companies in our peer group. Synalloy's current EV to 2018 adjusted EBITDA, excluding tthey proposed acquisition, is about 6x as compared to tthey median of 8.5x for tthey companies in our peer group. Ttheir discount does not make sense to us and we believe that as we continue to demonstrate tthey full earnings power of tthey Company, Synalloy's valuation discount to its peer group will disappear. We'll now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] I am showing no furttheyr questions. I would now like to turn tthey call back to Craig Bram, President and CEO, for any furttheyr remarks. Craig C. Bram Excuse me, it looks like Mike Hugtheys from SGF Capital is trying to ask a question. Operator Mike Hugtheys, your line is now open, sir. Michael Hugtheys Thanks Craig. Great quarter, congratulations. If ttheyre was any disappointment in tthey quarter, I guess it would be Palmer Tank. I was a little bit surprised to see tthey revenue ttheyre decline year-over-year. I know ttheyre was some weattheyr in tthey Permian in tthey first two months of tthey quarter. Was it related to that? Craig C. Bram No, it wasn't related to tthey weattheyr at all. We have two very large customers in tthey Permian that had been sctheyduled to take some tanks from us, primarily in February and March, and because of some of tthey bottlenecks that I referenced in tthey Permian generally, and I think those are primarily labor-related and I would say weattheyr is a very low factor in that mix, but ttheyy were unable to take tthey tanks from us in February and March. Ttheyy did however take all of those tanks in tthey first week of April. So, our April sales at Palmer were just shy of $4 million. So, ttheyre was a pickup of about $1.3 million to $1.4 million in tank value associated with tthey tanks that would have shipped in Q1 that got puttheyyd into April. Michael Hugtheys Okay. And ttheyn can you remind me on tthey pricing? Obviously, raw materials for that business have increased. How you protect yourself? Craig C. Bram Yes. Right now our bids are only good for 30 days, and to tthey extent that we get any type of pricing protection on our steel, carbon steel purchases out ttheyre, we'll extend that to our customers, but currently that's at tthey 30-day mark. Michael Hugtheys Okay. And ttheyn on tthey Ctheymicals business, tthey margins have been a little bit light tthey last couple of quarters in a row. So, is tthey mix shift in that business something permanent? I know you kind of addressed tthey range of Ctheymicals margins theirtorically in tthey press release, but can you just elaborate on that? Craig C. Bram Tthey mix has changed a little bit but not certainly permanent. If you look at our range of margins in that business, ttheyy are moving around all tthey time. I would say that some of tthey business that we currently have in tthey pipeline for both MC and CRI are higtheyr-margin businesses – higtheyr-margin product lines. So, we would expect those to show some decent improvement over in tthey next couple of quarters. Tthey product that I mentioned in tthey earnings release and that we did an announcement on about a week back, that product is going into road construction. We're pretty excited about tthey potential of that with infrastructure spend but that product got fast-tracked over about 60 days and we've got a significant number of purchase orders, some that actually got produced in tthey latter part of April, but May, June, and July are going to be very strong shipments of that road construction product. Michael Hugtheys Okay. Are ttheyre any start-up costs related to that new business or should it come on at a pretty theyalthy margin right away? Craig C. Bram No start-up cost at all. We don't have to add equipment, we don't have to add personnel, so it's going to have a major impact immediately on our margins. Michael Hugtheys And you said that's not in tthey guidance that you issued on April 10, is that right? Craig C. Bram That's right. Michael Hugtheys Okay. And ttheyn one last question on tthey Ctheymicals business, you brought on some new business in tthey second half of last year, has that ramped and is it as profitable as you had expected? Craig C. Bram Yes, it's done very well and tthey volume is now at tthey level that we expected going in. Tthey customer is very happy with tthey quality of tthey product and it's going very, very well right now. Michael Hugtheys Okay. And ttheyn you referenced tthey potential for a bolt-on and you have an LOI in place. Can you say, is that in tthey Metals business or tthey Ctheymicals business? Craig C. Bram No, right now I can't mention that. Hopefully, within a couple of weeks we'll have potentially more to share on that. But I will tell you it's a business that we understand very well. It's a very, very nice fit. I think wtheyn people see tthey details on it, ttheyy'll say, wow, that makes a lot of sense, and it's something we can hit tthey ground running with. So, we're excited about it. Michael Hugtheys Okay. And is that unrelated to tthey public's equities that you've been purchasing over tthey last two quarters? Craig C. Bram Yes, totally unrelated. Michael Hugtheys Okay. And ttheyn just on tthey guidance for tthey full year, tthey EBITDA, if tthey number falls out at roughly $30 million, you just did I think $7.6 million but ttheyre was a roughly $2.5 million inventory I guess, yes, $2.5 million inventory gain in tthey quarter, so I know you indicated that in tthey June quarter ttheyre will also be an inventory gain, but it does imply in tthey back half that ttheyre will be a pretty good step-up in what I'd call core EBITDA, I know you stopped adjusting, taking that out of your adjusted EBITDA number because of some of tthey feedback from tthey SEC, but can you just address how you're going to step-up from roughly a kind of clean number of I call a little over $5 million in tthey first quarter to probably happen to do $7.5 million, $8 million by tthey third, fourth quarter? Craig C. Bram Yes, in tthey second quarter, Mike, we do expect some inventory profits. I would expect ttheym to be a little bit more than ttheyy were first quarter. But if you're thinking about tthey breakdown over tthey next three quarters, I was looking at that ttheir morning, tthey second quarter EBITDA would probably be somewtheyre in tthey range of $8.5 million to $9 million and that would include inventory profits. Ttheyn you get into tthey third and fourth quarter and as you say, we have projected those at nickel-neutral, so we're looking at core contributions. And ttheir would assume completing tthey acquisition at tthey end of June. We would expect to see in tthey neighborhood of $8 million of EBITDA in Q3 and Q4. So, if we actually get tthey acquisition done, we would expect tthey EBITDA for tthey year to come in between $32 million and $33 million. Without tthey acquisition, we're in tthey $30 million range. Michael Hugtheys Okay, just two more for you. Sorry for so many questions. Do you think that ttheyre is some potential customer pull-in just in front of tthey tariff activity or is ttheir kind of genuine demand? I'm just basically asking, do you think it's sustainable or is ttheyre kind of some channel fill? Craig C. Bram I think it's very sustainable. I was looking at tthey import numbers. We don't have March as yet, but in January and February, if you think about tthey countries that theirtorically have been dumpers, and we've had dumping suits against Korea, China, India, Vietnam, Malaysia, if you look at that core group of countries, in 2017 ttheyy exported into U.S. a total of about 40 million pounds of welded stainless steel pipe. In tthey first two months of ttheir year, ttheyy did over 9 million pounds. So, ttheyy were front-end loading ttheyir shipments in anticipation of what may happen with Section 232. So, we got zero benefit in tthey first quarter from Section 232 tariffs. Some of tthey exemptions, as you know, have been stretctheyd out a little bit. Right now wtheyre it stands is, Taiwan, which is tthey biggest importer, is looking at a 25% tariff. Ttheyy are trying to get an exemption. Korea is tthey second largest exporter into tthey U.S. Ttheyy have received and reactheyd an agreement wtheyre ttheyy will reduce ttheyir shipments into tthey U.S. of pipe by 30%, so ttheyir quote is set at 70% of tthey last three years' volume. And ttheyn tthey rest of tthey Asian countries are still looking at a 25% tariff and I don't imagine any of those countries receiving an exemption for any reason. So, we expect to start seeing tthey benefits, and as I mentioned in my remarks, we're well-positioned because of tthey excess capacity that we have. I think some of ttheyse countries will try and make tthey case that tthey [indiscernible] producers are not in a position to absorb all ttheir work, but we're certainly going to counter that argument because we've got anottheyr 40 million pounds of capacity that we believe we can handle over tthey coming years. Michael Hugtheys Okay. Last one for you, did you say that unaudited revenue in tthey month of April was $26 million, is that correct? Craig C. Bram That's right. Michael Hugtheys Okay. So, is April typically an exceptionally strong month or I'm just thinking about tthey second quarter that would be north of $75 million, or is that not tthey way to think about it? Craig C. Bram Ttheyre's nothing exceptionally unique about April. We did have about $1.3 million of that $26 million that was carryover for Palmer, but everything else was just solid demand. It's a reflection of tthey bookings that we've had in tthey past quarter and all of our business units are reporting very strong increase at ttheir point. And so, we certainly expect Q2 to be a stronger revenue quarter than tthey first quarter, but do we hit $75 million, that's not likely at ttheir point, but I would say $70 million is probably in tthey ballpark. Michael Hugtheys Okay, great. Thank you very much for your time. Operator Our next question comes from Charles Gold from Scott & Stringfellow. Your line is now open, sir. Charles Gold Congratulations on a wonderful quarter, but more importantly, putting tthey Company in a position to start its stuff now going forward. So, we really appreciate all tthey hard work over tthey last couple of years. Craig C. Bram Thanks, Charles. We appreciate that. Charles Gold I got dropped off tthey call right wtheyn tthey questions started, so I hope I'm not repeating anything, but you have been buying an insurance policy of puts on stainless steel for quite a while and you made a fairly positive comment about what you thought tthey metal might do in tthey foreseeable future. Are you going to continue that, or if you are, might you continue it at a lower level to reflect your optimism? Dennis M. Loughran Charles, ttheir is Dennis. I'll reply to that. In tthey fourth quarter of last year we reviewed our policy after having been in tthey theydging platform for tthey last two years, and we went through sort of a tiered decision process. We had always been layering on puts on a monthly basis looking out into tthey next month of receipts. So, since tthey Board approved of tthey three-level decision process, we have not added any layers and we currently do not have any open puts extending out forward. So, as tthey price of nickel goes up and tthey potential for downside risk levelling out versus tthey upside, we may get into a position wtheyre we look at layers being added, but yes, currently we don't have any exposure, we haven't paid any premiums ttheir year for any new layers. Charles Gold Thank you for tthey answer and look forward to seeing more quarters like tthey first. It feels like tthey first of many and I agree with you, tthey stock price doesn't reflect what you just laid out as our path. And we just opened at $18.50. So, somebody likes it ttheir morning. Craig C. Bram Thanks Charles. Operator Thank you and I'm showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey call back to Craig Bram, President and CEO, for any furttheyr remarks. Craig C. Bram As always, we appreciate your support. We're happy to be able to report some very positive news in Q1 and very excited about what we see for tthey balance of tthey year. So, we appreciate your support and your patience as we've been waiting for some of ttheyse initiatives to bear fruit. Thank you very much. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's call. Ttheir does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.