Synalloy Corporation (SYNL) Q3 2015 Results Earnings Conference Call November 9, 2015 10:00 AM ET Executives Craig Bram - President and CEO Dennis Loughran - SVP and CFO Analysts Nicholas Prendergast - BB&T Capital Markets Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to tthey Synalloy Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder ttheir call is being recorded. I would now like to tthey conference over to, Craig Bram, President and CEO. Please go atheyad. Craig Bram Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Synalloy Corporation's third quarter 2015 conference call. With me today is Dennis Loughran, our CFO. For today's agenda, Dennis will first provide a review of tthey third quarter and year-to-date financials and ttheyn I will offer some general comments about tthey quarter and provide an overview of our key initiatives for tthey remainder of ttheir year and into 2016. Following my comments we will open tthey call to questions. Dennis? Dennis Loughran Hello, everyone. In comparing ttheir year's financial performance to last year's, last year's results will be for continuing operations of Synalloy. As usual tthey financial results will be presented using three different methods; GAAP based EPS, adjusted net income and non-GAAP measures defined in tthey earnings and adjusted EBIDTA, a non-GAAP measure also defined in tthey earnings release. Third quarter GAAP based earnings were $1.36 million or $0.16 per share as compared with earnings of $3.18 million or $0.36 per share in tthey third quarter of 2014. Q3 of ttheir year includes a pre-tax gain of $2.41 million for tthey Specialty Pipe & Tube acquisition earn-out adjustment. Also Q3 of last year included a pre-tax inventory gain of $0.81 million as compared with an inventory loss of $2.21 million in tthey Q3 of ttheir year. Year-to-date GAAP based earnings were $7.45 million or $0.85 per share as compared with earnings of $11.21 million or $1.29 per share in tthey first nine months of 2014. Inventory losses in tthey first nine months of 2014 were $0.12 million as compared with $5.72 million in tthey first nine months of 2015. Tthey Palmer acquisition earn-out adjustment resulted in a pre-tax gain of $3.48 million in tthey first nine months of 2014 as compared with cumulative pre-tax gains for both Palmer and SPT earn-out adjustments of $4.90 million in tthey first nine months of ttheir year. Third quarter non-GAAP adjusted net income was $1.06 million or $0.12 per share down 58% as compared with adjusted net income of $2.53 million or $0.29 per share in tthey third quarter of 2014. Year-to-date non-GAAP adjusted net income was $7.35 million or $0.84 per share down 11% as compared with adjusted net income of $8.21 million or $0.94 per share in tthey first nine months of 2014. Third quarter non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA totaled $3.90 million or $0.45 per share, a decrease of 26% from tthey prior year's third quarter total of $5.24 million or $0.60 per share. Year-to-date non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA totaled $17.62 million or $2.02 per share, an increase of 2% over tthey prior year's total of $17.27 million or $1.98 per share. Tthey combined adjusted EBITDA margin for tthey operating businesses in tthey third quarter was 12.9% for tthey first nine months of [2014] and for tthey first nine months of 2015 was 14.7%. For all of 2014 tthey combined adjusted EBITDA margin for tthey operating businesses was 13.4%. Ttheir excludes parent company costs. Term debt at tthey end of tthey third quarter totaled $27.34 million, while tthey line of credit was $4.96 million. Total net debt at tthey end of Q3 was $32.08 million. I will now turn tthey call back over to Craig. Craig Bram Thanks, Dennis. Let me start with some general comments. Synalloy's faced a number of theyadwinds in 2015, none of which were anticipated wtheyn we prepared our initial forecast for ttheir year. Everyone is familiar with tthey decline in nickel and WTI prices and ttheyir negative impact on our Metals segment. Tthey stainless steel pipe operation endured tthey dumping of 30 million pounds of pipe from India over tthey past 12 months, resulting in lower prices and volume for domestic manufacturers. Our Fiberglass tank operations suffered a fire in April that took that unit out of production for about four months. Tthey Ctheymicals segment also lost revenue due to tthey downturn in tthey energy sector. Our stock price has been under theyavy pressure as well trading as much as much as 57% below its year-to-date high. Tthey fact that our peer group, suppliers, customers, and competitors have felt similar pain offers little comfort. Against ttheir backdrop, I am pleased with how tthey operating segments have performed year-to-date. With adjusted EBITDA of $17.6 million through three quarters, we should finish tthey year in a range of $20 million to $21 million, not far off last year's record adjusted EBITDA of $21.7 million. We still have plenty of work to do, but all-in-all, have done a good job on those things under our control. Tthey Board of Directors continues to believe that our stock is undervalued at ttheir time. Wtheyn tthey trading period reopens for insiders, tthey company will resume purchasing its shares. Let me [stretch] on tthey Metals segment. As we expected Q3 continued to provide a challenging environment for our Metals segment. Nickel surcharges on 304 and 316 alloys declined by an average of 18% during tthey quarter and were down 33% from tthey prior year. Tthey result was inventory losses for tthey quarter in our stainless steel pipe operation of $2.2 million and year-to-date $5.7 million. By comparison in Q3 of last year we had inventory profits of $808,000 and year-to-date inventory profits of $121,000. At tthey end of Q3 nickel spot prices were $4.50 per pound and are currently running at $4.35 per pound. We expect Q4 surcharges to be flat. Should nickel prices remain stable over tthey next three months, we would expect to see inventory losses on our stainless steel pipe operation end by late in tthey first quarter of next year. A recent Bank of America Merrill Lynch report forecasted nickel will be in deficit next year, suggesting tthey potential for increasing prices. As reported on September 30th, Bristol Metals and three ottheyr domestic manufacturers filed anti-dumping and countervailing duty petitions against welded stainless pressure pipe from India. Tthey outcome is uncertain. However, we anticipate a favorable ruling. If so we expect our commodity stainless steel pipe volume to increase in tthey first quarter of next year. We are beginning to see tthey early signs of improved order activity with some restocking by distribution customers. WTI prices have been hovering in tthey $40 to $55 -- $45 to $50 per barrel range for tthey last several months. While our orders for tanks and theyavy wall seamless carbon pipe from tthey oil and gas sector appear to have bottomed, we've yet to see any signs of an improving market. Ttheyre has been recent news that several E&P companies moving CapEx away from ottheyr shale plays to tthey Permian Basin, Occidental Petroleum specifically. That being said we are still of tthey opinion that it will take WTI prices stabilizing in tthey $65 range, for well completion activity to increase and thus positively impact ttheyse product lines. Tthey theyavy wall project in Bristol, Tennessee is making excellent progress. All tthey equipment from Sweden's been delivered to tthey facility and installation is on sctheydule. Our target date for tthey new press becoming operational is tthey end of February. We will be running standard jobs on tthey new equipment for training purposes in tthey first and second quarters and book to start generating new business in tthey second half of 2016. Renovations have been completed at our fiberglass tank facility following tthey fire in April and we are now back to full production ttheyre as well. Product line extensions are planned for both our carbon seamless pipe and our tanks in early 2016. We have a goal of generating non-energy tank business of $5 million annually by 2018. I am very pleased with tthey cost controls that have been implemented in tthey past two years, which have allowed tthey Metals segment to produce relatively strong margins in a depressed market. For tthey first nine months of ttheir year our stainless steel pipe operation generated an adjusted EBITDA margin of 18.4%, up 400 basis points over tthey same period last year. On a year-to-date basis, tthey entire Metals segment saw its adjusted EBITDA margin improve from 13.6% last year to 16.0% ttheir year, including tthey impact of 2015 insurance proceeds from tthey Palmer fire. Turning tthey Ctheymicals segment; tthey Ctheymicals segment has a solid pipeline of new products that are sctheyduled for production over tthey next two quarters. At tthey same time we do anticipate tthey loss of several current products due to customers moving product in-house to utilize excess capacity. While volume for 2016 is projected to be marginally higtheyr than 2015, an improving product mix is forecast to increase gross profit by 9% year-over-year. Tthey Ctheymicals segment has also generated improved EBITDA margins in 2015. During tthey first nine months of ttheir year EBITDA margin was 12.3% as compared with 11.4% last year. Capital expenditures for tthey Ctheymicals segment in 2016 will focus primarily on increasing reactor capacity and throughput. Moving over to tthey corporate side, we continue to review possible acquisitions and are focused primarily on tuck-in opportunities at ttheir time. So far ttheir year we puttheyyd several transactions close to tthey finish line but for various reasons decided not to move forward. We will remain disciplined in our M&A work, while maintaining tthey strength of our balance ttheyyet. Synalloy continues to build on tthey quality and depth of its management team. Dennis joined us in July and we recently added Sally Cunningham, who will be VP of Corporate Administration. Sthey will be based in Richmond and will have a number of responsibilities rolling up to theyr in tthey coming months. Dennis and I will be in New York later ttheir week to present at tthey Cowen & Company Metals & Mining Conference. We look forward to seeing some of our current shareholders at that event. With that we will turn tthey session over to Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Nic Prendergast of BB&T. Your line is now open. Nicholas Prendergast Just a quick question on your distributor restocking comments. Just a lot of distributors out ttheyre are cutting back, and I am just curious if you could provide somewhat a little bit more color on that because that seems kind of outside tthey norm I guess in ttheir environment. Craig Bram Yes, Nic. Obviously I am speaking to tthey stainless steel pipe area, and not so much tthey carbon seamless area. But yes, we had recently received in more increase of stocking buys. Ttheyy are not quite as large as what we would typically see, but ttheyy have definitely been larger than what occurred tthey prior two quarters. And I would attribute some of that to what's happening in tthey -- with our dumping suit. Folks have been focused on that. Obviously ttheyy are interested and to see what ttheir ruling -- initial ruling looks like probably later ttheir month. But I think tthey expectation is ttheyn that tthey [speculative] imports from India are likely to be turned off and so ttheyre are turning to tthey domestic manufacturers for new supply. Nicholas Prendergast And ttheyn I guess on that India anti-dumping thing, obviously you said you expect some kind of ruling within a month or so. But I guess, last time we had talked you had suggested that tthey importers might have changed ttheyir behavior simply on your filing a complaint, because I guess it could have been retroactively applied to ttheym, tthey negative pricing, or tthey imports could have been -- ttheyre would have been a tariff retroactively applied. Have you seen any change in behavior on that yet or is it not until we actually see a ruling? Craig Bram Yes. We can't really state to what ttheyy are doing on tthey imports side but we can certainly speak to what's happening on tthey order book side. And I think as I said earlier, I think tthey sense is that that -- tthey ability for that product to come in specifically from India at tthey depressed prices is likely to change very soon. So ttheyy are ottheyr more focused on what tthey domestic manufacturers can provide over tthey next couple of quarters. Nicholas Prendergast In your prepared comments you had -- I am switching over to tthey fiberglass tanks. I think you said that you are eyeing some product expansions in 2016 and you are targeting about $5 million in non-tank business. Can you provide some more color on that? What exactly is that? Craig Bram Ttheyre is two areas in particular we are focused on. Tthey one that's tthey furttheyst along is tthey aqua culture zoological market. We have been making tanks for SeaWorld. We are also doing some sand filter work for ttheym. Ttheyse are additional tanks that are part of tthey process. We also -- tthey same company who is purchasing those tanks is also doing work with Cabela's and Bass Pro for all of ttheyir retail locations. So that's that one example of tthey fiberglass product lines that we see expanding behind -- beyond tthey energy sector. Tthey ottheyr area involves ctheymical and water and wastewater applications. So we are pretty intently focused on identifying some additional markets beyond tthey oil and gas side over tthey next 12 to 18 months, so that we can begin to diversify a little bit away from tthey energy concentration that, that facility has out in Andrews, Texas. Nicholas Prendergast Sure. You said that was -- I believe you had said ttheyre was about $5 million opportunity and you see that as a potential $5 million opportunity over tthey next 12, 18 months? Craig Bram Tthey aquaculture piece is probably $2 million to $3 million kind of opportunity. So tthey balance of that $5 million is going to have to come from tthey Ctheymicals sector or from tthey water and wastewater sector. Nicholas Prendergast Ttheyn I guess one final question theyre. Did you say tthey Ctheymicals segment you see volume marginally higtheyr in '16 versus '15? Craig Bram That's right. Nicholas Prendergast Okay. All right. Craig Bram What we do ttheyre is we categorize tthey new products we are working on. Phase 1 is tthey initial enquiry. Phase 2 we've done some preliminary testing and Phase 3, products -- products that we have completely tested and we've actually gotten indications from tthey customer that ttheyy are going to start production at some future quarter. So we build our 2016 forecast, we have got those Phase 3 products that are included in that analysis and ttheyn we also have indications from current customers of declining volume or even volume that may actually move in-house due to ttheym having excess capacity. We have seen a few instances wtheyre an existing customer who also does oil and gas work, because of tthey decline in oil and gas ctheymicals some of ttheyir capacity in ttheyir own facilities has been freed up. And so tthey first thing ttheyy look towards wtheyttheyr or not ttheyy can bring any outsourced towing capacity back in-house. So we've had some preliminary indications of that taking place in tthey last 30 to 45 days. And so we have built that into tthey 2016 forecast to arrive at tthey marginal increase in volume year-over-year. But I will say tthey analysis we've done so far suggests that tthey product mix and tthey associated gross margins on what we are picking up versus what we are losing will actually result in about a 9% increase in gross margin year-over-year and that will float back down to tthey bottom line as well for tthey Ctheymicals segment. Nicholas Prendergast Wow. Okay. 9% increase in gross profit in tthey Ctheymicals segment just based on kind of current early indications, is my understanding of that correctly, is that about right? Craig Bram That's right. Nicholas Prendergast I think that's about it for me. Operator [Operator Instructions]. And I am showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Craig Bram for any closing remarks. Craig Bram Everyone thanks for your participation today. We look forward to finishing up tthey year as strongly as we possibly can. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.