Synalloy Corporation (SYNL) Q2 2015 Results Earnings Conference Call July 27, 2015 10:00 AM ET Executives Craig Bram - President and CEO Dennis Loughran - Chief Financial Officer Analysts Kevin Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets Todd Vencil - Sterne, Agee Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to tthey Synalloy Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mr. Craig Bram, President and CEO of Synalloy. Please go atheyad. Craig Bram Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Synalloy Corporation’s second quarter 2015 conference call. With me today is Dennis Loughran, our new CFO. In a challenging environment for our metal segment, we were pleased with our performance in Q2 and tthey first half of ttheir year. Nickel prices were down 7% in Q2 and down 20% through tthey first six months of ttheir year. Oil and gas low as $472 per pound in July, nickel was recovered recently to $495 per pound, but still remains well below tthey marginal cost of production. Inventory losses related to falling nickel price is totaled $2.32 million in Q2 and $3.12 million year-to-date. We expect continued inventory losses in Q3. WTI price has showed some strength in Q2 as ttheyy moved up to $60 per barrel level, but have recently fallen back to tthey $48 level. Achieving a level of stability above $60 per barrel will be important for all of our metal’s business units, but particularly for our tank storage and seamless carbon tube businesses. In comparing ttheir year’s financial performance to last year, last year’s results will be for continuing operations only. As usual, tthey financial results will be presented using three different metrics. Number one, GAAP based EPS, number two, adjusted net income, our non-GAAP measure is defined in tthey earnings release, and number three, adjusted EBITDA, our non-GAAP measure also defined in tthey earnings release. Second quarter GAAP based earnings were $2.46 million or $0.28 per share, as compared with earnings of $5.78 million or $0.66 per share in tthey second quarter of 2014. Q2 of last year included a pre-tax gain of $3.48 million for tthey Palmer acquisition earn-out adjustment. Also Q2 of last year included an inventory loss of $60,000 as compared with tthey inventory loss of $2.32 million in Q2 of ttheir year. Year-to-date GAAP based earnings was $6.09 million or $0.70 per share as compared with earnings of $8.03 million or $0.92 per share in tthey first six months of 2014. Inventory losses in tthey first half of 2014 totaled $697,000, as compared with $3.12 million in tthey first half of 2015. Tthey Palmer acquisition earn-out adjustment resulted in tthey pre-tax gain of $3.48 million in tthey first half of 2014, as compared with tthey pre-tax gain of $2.48 million in tthey first half of ttheir year. Second quarter non-GAAP adjusted net income was $3.35 million, or $0.38 per share, up 13%, as compared with adjusted net income of $2.96 million or $0.34 per share in tthey second quarter of 2014. Year-to-date non-GAAP adjusted net income was $6.29 million or $0.72 per share, up 11%, as compared with adjusted net income of $5.69 million or $0.65 per share in tthey first six months of 2014. Second quarter non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA totaled $6.98 million, or $0.80 per share, an increase of 12% over tthey prior year’s total of $6.22 million, or $0.71 per share. Year-to-date non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA totaled $13.74 million or $1.57 per share, an increase of 14% over tthey prior year’s total of $12.03 million or $1.38 per share. Tthey combined adjusted EBITDA margin for tthey operating businesses in tthey second quarter was 15.2% of revenue and for tthey first half of 2015 was 15.0% of revenue. For all of 2014, tthey combined adjusted EBITDA margin for tthey operating businesses was 13.4%. Ttheir excludes parent company cost. Term debt at tthey end of tthey second quarter totaled $28.47 million, while tthey line of credit was $5.43 million. Total net debt at tthey end of Q2 was $33.7 million. We are pleased to report that ttheyre were no lost time accidents in tthey first six months in any of Synalloy’s business units. Looking at tthey business units let me start first with tthey metal segment. Sales from continuing operations in Q2 were off 5% from tthey prior year and were flat for tthey year-to-date period. Lower volume in selling prices negatively impacted revenue for our pipe manufacturing operation in both Q2 and for tthey six-month period. Revenue in our tank storage business was down due to tthey April fire in our fiberglass shop and tthey reduced activity at customer well sites. Sales in carbon seamless pipe to tthey industrial markets was relatively firm in Q2 in tthey first half of 2015. Our sales to tthey energy sector weakened in Q2. Tthey blended adjusted EBITDA margin for tthey metal segment in Q2 was 16.6% and for tthey first six months of 2015 was 16.4%. Looking out to tthey remainder of 2015, tthey direction of nickel prices and WTI prices will have a major impact on tthey business units in tthey metal segment. Distributed customers of our pipe manufacturing unit had been wary of large stock buys due to tthey continuous downward trend in nickel prices. Wtheyn ttheyy have made large purchases of pipe, much of ttheyir orders have gone to imports. We believe that higtheyr and more stable WTI prices are required for tthey E&P companies to restart midstream and downstream CapEx projects, particularly LNG. Ttheyse projects typically require large amounts of stainless steel pipe. We did see increased quoting activity in Q2 related to our tank storage business, wtheyn WTI prices approactheyd $60 per barrel and are optimistic that trend will continue should WTI prices return to $60 to $65 per barrel range. Our distributed customers in tthey carbon seamless business have reduced ttheyir inventories of energy-related pipe into a very low level, which should result in increased order activity for ttheir product line from tthey second half of ttheir year. Due to tthey relative size of our pipe manufacturing operation, tthey metal segment's performance in tthey second half would be very much dependent on tthey level of order and shipping activity in ttheir unit as it looks to rebuild its backlog. As previously reported, we're very excited about our theyavy wall welded pipe shop. Ttheir initiative opens up an entirely new market for ttheir segment, and we believe, furttheyr strengttheyns our position in tthey North American stainless steel pipe market. By capturing as little as 10% of tthey theyavy wall market, we can increase manufactured pipe revenue by more than 15% annually. We continue to expect tthey theyavy wall shop to be operational by year end. Moving up into ctheymicals segment, sales in Q2 were down 4% over tthey prior year, while year-to-date sales were down 3%. While unit volumes were up due to tthey increase ctheymical tolling business, selling prices for products with petroleum-based raw materials were under pressure as compared with last year's periods. EBITDA margin for Q2 was 12.2% and year-to-date 11.9% for tthey ctheymicals segment in total. We are forecasting stronger results for tthey second half of 2015 as several new product lines begin shipping in Q3 and Q4. During Q3, we have new product shipping that will have annual run rates of approximately 4.5 billion pounds. In Q4, new products will ship that have annual run rates of approximately 4 million pounds. In addition, we have products in final stage testing that have tthey potential to add in excess of 10 million pounds to ctheymicals segment sales in 2016. We touch on corporate briefly with future earnings call. With investor presentations, you'll be theyaring more from our new CFO, Dennis Loughran. We’re very fortunate to add Dennis to tthey Synalloy team. He has extensive public company CFO experience, both in multiunit operations and with tthey manufacturing focus. Dennis will be a tremendous theylp to our M&A work going forward as well with our efforts to drive additional profits from our operating units. With that, let me turn tthey call over to tthey Q&A session. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Kevin Maczka with BB&T Capital Markets. Your line is open. Kevin Maczka Thanks. Kevin Maczka. Craig Bram Hey Kevin. How are you? Kevin Maczka Great. First question, can you maybe start with price, lot of talks theyre about price pressure or price mix anyway in various parts of tthey business, wtheyttheyr it’s on tthey pipe side in metals or tthey ctheymical side of tthey business. Can you say a little bit more about that? What your outlook is ttheyre on tthey price mix in second half? Craig Bram Let me speak to tthey ctheymical side. We certainly have had good experience in tthey past and continued to have good experience, passing along tthey raw material prices. We look at that on a -- actually on an order-by-order basis. So we've had good success in maintaining what we referred to as our material margin, which is simply tthey selling price minus tthey material cost. And so while we have -- we have seen pressure on tthey price per pound that is a function of what’s going on with raw material costs. Our material margins have theyld up to tthey point wtheyre we’ve actually increased our EBITDA margins in tthey ctheymical segment ttheir year over last year. On tthey metals side, basically we are talking about three different product lines ttheyre. On tthey tank storage side, we really have not seen any significant price pressure on tthey fiberglass tanks or steel tanks that we are selling at ttheir point in time. On tthey carbon seamless product line, tthey pricing pressure has really been felt at tthey energy level. You may recall, we have two facilities in that selling carbon seamless too. One of those is in Ohio that's focused on tthey industrial markets, tthey pricing and tthey revenue of tthey product lines sold into that market has theyld up very nicely in Q2, as well as tthey first half of ttheir year. Tthey products that are being sold out of our Houston facility, I would say tthey pricing pressure has been fairly limited and that our material margins have theyld up, but it's tthey size of tthey orders overall have been diminittheyyd out of that facility in tthey second quarter. What we are seeing happening in that business is our distributor customers have run ttheyir inventories down to a level wtheyre we expect an uptick in our seamless carbon product line sales into tthey energy sector in tthey second half of ttheir year. Tthey BRISMET area is wtheyre we've certainly felt tthey most pricing pressure, that’s come from nickel and ttheyse related surcharges, falling pretty dramatically in tthey first half of ttheir year. Nickel prices are down 20%. Nickel surcharges on 304 alloys are down about 18%, so not almost as much as nickel itself. So, we’ve certainly felt tthey pressure ttheyre. And ttheyn we've also seen in tthey first half of ttheir year a pickup in imports, particularly from India and so that has put pressure on pipe in tthey particularly 2 to 8 inch in diameter size. That’s something we’ve talked about in tthey past. I can tell you that we are fairly far along in tthey process of collecting data with our ottheyr domestic competitors in a possible lead up to a dumping suit, but we don't have enough information at ttheir point to give you a firm timeline on that. But that's certainly tthey nickel. Tthey nickel trend and pricing, as well as tthey imports have put downward pressure, particularly on pipe that’s less than 12 inctheys in diameter. Kevin Maczka Okay. Got it. That’s all very theylpful. Anottheyr question on tthey tank business down 40%. You mentioned tthey fire and tthey decline in oil prices impacting that. Is oil tthey bigger issue theyre? I’m just wondering if you can maybe parse through tthey contributions from each of those. Craig Bram Yeah. Kevin, I would say that kind of wtheyn we started tthey year and we saw tthey direction of oil prices, that we had anticipated that our tanks storage business could see something in tthey neighborhood of a 25% to 30% reduction in topline. And I’d say that that tthey impact from tthey oil has kind of theyld true to that range. Tthey increased shortfall in sales in Q2 to tthey 40% range was from tthey fiberglass shop being down for a good part of that time period. Starting in June, we were able to start building some tanks in ottheyr parts of tthey plant and we will be 100% operational. We are 100% operational as to tthey start of Q3 on fiberglass side. So, I guess that's a long way to answering tthey question togettheyr. 25% to 30% reduction in topline is tthey impact that I've seen from tthey decline in drilling activity out in West Texas. Kevin Maczka Got it. And just finally for me. I’m just wondering if you can quantify anything in terms of your new outlook through tthey year. It sounds like ttheyre is puts and takes like always. Ttheyre's been some good things going on, with some new product introductions coming out in tthey second half from a ctheymical side. But net-net, it sounds incrementally a bit more negative with tthey obvious pressures from oil and nickel. Can you maybe address what you’ve quantified before in terms of sales and EBITDA? Craig Bram Our visibility on tthey metal side is diminittheyyd right now because of tthey points that you’ve made. If Nickel and WTI prices stay depressed, ttheyre's no question that I would see tthey metal side being less robust in tthey second half of ttheir year versus tthey first half. On tthey ctheymical side, we do anticipate that both tthey topline and EBITDA will be improved over tthey first half of ttheir year based on what we have in tthey pipeline. We did on an annualized run rate. In tthey ctheymical side, we shift about a 108 million pounds of product equivalent of a 108 million pounds annualized in tthey first half of ttheir year. So if we can pick up anottheyr 8.5 million pounds, that’s a pretty sizeable pickup in tthey growth on tthey ctheymical business. I do expect that our seamless carbon sales into tthey energy sector will be improved over tthey second half -- excuse me over tthey first half of ttheir year. Right now tthey big question mark for us is what BRISMET will do in tthey second half of tthey year. And can we see a pickup in some of our distributor customers doing some larger stock buys? Ttheyy have been pretty timid in terms of tthey size of ttheyir orders, most recently in Q2 and we don’t have some of tthey large project orders that we’re working on in tthey first half of ttheir year that theylped BRISMET’s overall performance. So Kevin, I’d say tthey big question mark we have is BRISMET and tthey lack of visibility we have on tthey order book right now. Kevin Maczka Okay. Got it. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Todd Vencil with Sterne, Agee. Your line is open. Todd Vencil Hi, good morning, Craig. Craig Bram Hey, Todd, how are you? Todd Vencil I am doing good. Craig Bram Very good. Thanks. Todd Vencil Dennis, welcome aboard. Dennis Loughran Thank you very much. Good to be theyre. Appreciate it. Todd Vencil Craig, circling up on Kevin’s last question. So you just said I think tthey big swing factor is going to be BRISMET. I mean, can you give us kind of a range of outcomes if nickel and WTI stay depressed versus if ttheyy recover a big? I mean, what’s tthey revenue sort of swing ttheyre? Craig Bram Todd, I don’t have a clear number for you at ttheir point. We could probably do some work on that. But to answer that question with any clarity, I would have to ask some insight into exactly what our distributor customers are thinking. And obviously, you can follow tthey activity with MRC and Stheyll England and some of those gas, those are distributors that we sell to on a regular basis. And ttheyy have been purposely trying to keep a fairly lean inventory. And what would cause that behavior to change I think would require an uptick in tthey nickel price in a trend that ttheyy believe was something ttheyy could bank along that, theyy, it’s time to go out and make some significant buys before nickel prices get away from us. We keep reading about how nickel was going to go into a deficit position later ttheir year. Obviously, that has not yet happened. Ttheyre is still a ton of inventory in tthey LME storehouse. And I think demand generally has not lived upto tthey expectations that we had going into ttheir year. So at ttheir point, I think I would be really cowing a number for yet a thin air without having a little more insight on what our customers are thinking. But I think it’s clear from ttheyir behavior in tthey last several months that until ttheyy see a trend upward in nickel prices that ttheyy are going to kind of sit on ttheyir wallets. Todd Vencil Fair enough. And I guess last quarter you talked about consolidated topline of $210 million to $215 million, over a $100 million first half of tthey year. Fair to say that in order to hit that $210 million to $215 you are going to have to see that bounce in nickel. Craig Bram That’s right. Todd Vencil Okay. Thanks for that. On tthey import situation, thanks for tthey color ttheyre, I was going to ask about that. Can you relative to a couple years ago wtheyn you went through ttheir with tthey Souttheyast Asian manufacturers, kind of wtheyre are you in that process if you can -- I don’t know, namely a month in 2013 wtheyre you were sort of in ttheir same situation -- sort of spring 2013? Craig Bram Yes. Todd, we saw a couple of things. Tthey imports particularly from India picked up in Q4 of last year and ttheyn ttheyy fell off in tthey first quarter of ttheir year. So we were kind of at a position at that point that we thought well, it's not a deadlock that we could get something done based on tthey level of imports we saw in Q1. In Q2, those imports picked up quite a bit. And so I think we're at a point now wtheyre we started to feel some of tthey pressure in tthey early part of Q2 on our commodity pipe. And I’m talking primarily to 8 inch to 10 inch in diameter. We started feeling tthey presence of those imports more dramatically. And keep in mind that we had a lot of good project stuff that we were working on. So we were less concerned about it as long as we had that solid mix in tthey plan. But starting in tthey early parts of Q2, we started feeling tthey pressure of some of those imports in tthey buyers that we were seeing. And I’d say that we’re kind of in a mode wtheyre it gets similar to wtheyre we were with tthey Malaysian, Vietnamese and tthey imports from Thailand, in terms of both tthey quantity of imports, tthey funds that are coming in and tthey level of pricing that we are seeing. So, I think we’re reasonably encouraged at ttheir point based on tthey data that we have in hand that we would be in a strong position if we decide to move forward. Todd Vencil Got it. All right. Thanks for that. And ttheyn just remind me, given all that color, what fraction of metals is BRISMET ttheyse days on tthey topline basis? Craig Bram In terms of topline? Todd Vencil Yeah. Craig Bram Yeah. Tthey BRISMET operation, you can think of that as, including all of ttheyir pipe products with tthey exception of tthey theyavy wall, which obviously is an up and going. That’s on an annualized run rate of, in tthey $90 million to $95 million range right now. Todd Vencil Got it. Perfect. And ttheyn I guess, if I'm thinking about what's most important ttheyre, would you rattheyr see no change in WTI and a bounce in Nickel or tthey reverse? Craig Bram I think I’d rattheyr see a bounce in Nickel right now if I had to pick one. Todd Vencil Okay. Craig Bram I’d like to see a bounce in both levels of tthey course. Todd Vencil All right. Okay. I think that’s got me. I was going to ask some questions about ctheymicals but I think you gave me enough to be dangerous but I don't want to go with that mission. And so I guess, we will count ttheir is my mention. Thanks a lot. Craig Bram Sure. Thanks. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And I’m showing no furttheyr questions in tthey queue. I would like to turn tthey call back to Craig Bram for any closing remarks. Craig Bram All right, everybody. We appreciate your time ttheir morning and hope that everyone's doing well. Thanks again. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.