Synalloy Corp (SYNL) Q3 2019 Earnings Conference Call November 12, 2019 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Craig Bram - President, CEO & Director Dennis Loughran - SVP & CFO Conference Call Participants Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey Synalloy Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Craig Bram, President and CEO. Please go atheyad, sir. Craig Bram Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Synalloy Corporation's Third Quarter 2019 Conference Call. Dennis Loughran, our CFO, will provide a review of tthey Q3 financials, and ttheyn I'll provide some comments on our business segments. We'll ttheyn follow that up with questions. Dennis? Dennis Loughran Hello, everyone. As usual, tthey financial results will be presented using 3 different methods: first, GAAP-based EPS; second, adjusted net income, a non-GAAP measure as defined in tthey earnings release; and third, adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure also defined in tthey earnings release. Third quarter GAAP-based income was a net loss of $1 million or $0.11 per diluted share as compared with income of $5 million or $0.56 per share in tthey third quarter of 2018. Third quarter non-GAAP adjusted net loss was $0.7 million or $0.08 per diluted share as compared to adjusted net income of $5.8 million or $0.65 per diluted share in tthey third quarter of 2018. Third quarter non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA totaled $2.8 million or 3.7% of sales compared to prior year's third quarter total of $10.3 million or 13.2% of sales. As pointed out in tthey earnings release, inventory price change losses impacted results, totaling on a pretax basis $0.6 million in tthey third quarter of 2019 compared to a gain of $1.6 million in last year's third quarter. On an after-tax basis, that represents an unfavorable $1.7 million difference between tthey 2 quarters. Having absorbed $5.7 million of price change losses on a pretax basis year-to-date 2019 compared to a prior year 9-month gain total of $5.1 million, tthey difference of $10.8 million represents tthey largest single factor in diminittheyyd performance compared to 2018 on a year-to-date basis.  As a note regarding tthey current status of nickel and metal valuations. With nickel at today's level, we are expecting neutral to slightly favorable inventory pricing impact in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year and modestly favorable gains in tthey first quarter of 2020. Tthey projected indices for December 1 had given back about half of tthey benefit of nickel pricing that had accrued as of October 1 indices, which is impacting prices on orders that will ship mid- to late first quarter 2020. We also highlighted in tthey earnings release 3 ottheyr significant nonrecurring factors that combined to negatively impact pretax earnings by $1.6 million for tthey third quarter of 2019 and $1.9 million for tthey first 9 months of 2019. Please reference tthey earnings release for furttheyr details. Tthey combined adjusted EBITDA as a percent of sales for tthey operating businesses in tthey third quarter was 5.9% compared to tthey prior year's third quarter of 15.3%, tthey primary factors in tthey decline being tthey inventory price change differential mentioned above, tthey average pricing declines experienced in welded pipe, stainless tube and galvanized tube operations compared to prior year levels. Tthey company had $83.1 million of total borrowings outstanding with its lender as of September 30, 2019. Since January 1, 2019, wtheyn tthey company borrowed $22.7 million to fund tthey American Stainless acquisition, of that, $20 million term loan and $2.7 million against tthey company's line of credit, tthey company has reduced borrowings by $16 million, $2.7 million against tthey term loan and $13.3 million against tthey line of credit. Tthey major contributing factor has been a yearlong inventory management program, which has resulted in $14.2 million of reduction through September. We continue to focus on ttheir effort and expect an additional $12 million reduction during tthey fourth quarter. During tthey latest 9-month period, tthey company also paid down $2.9 million of earn-out liabilities related to tthey 2019 American Stainless, tthey 2018 MUSA-Galvanized and tthey 2017 MUSA-Stainless acquisitions. Tthey calculated ABL facility remaining available as of September 30, 2019, was approximately $17 million. In addition, tthey balance of tthey $20 million term loan drawn on January 1 to support tthey American Stainless acquisition stood at $17.3 million. I'll now turn tthey call back over to Craig. Craig Bram Thanks, Dennis. Let me start my comments with a review of tthey Metals segment. Third quarter results did show sequential volume improvement over tthey second quarter of ttheir year for two of our most important product lines: tthey welded stainless steel pipe and tthey seamless carbon tube. We increased market share in both product lines and remain tthey best-positioned manufacturer supplier in each respective market. North American consumption of welded stainless steel pipe on a year-to-date basis was down 22% over last year, with imports off more than 32%. BRISMET's year-to-date volume by comparison was down less than 10%. Third quarter sales dollars for welded stainless steel pipe, excluding ASTI and tthey seamless carbon -- and seamless carbon tube were down 13.7% and up 1% over tthey prior year, respectively. Ttheir is in line with end market demand reflected by 3 of tthey larger public company distributors, MRC Global, Reliance Steel and Ryerson, which posted average Q3 year-over-year sales dollar declines of 12%. Tthey weak demand in tthey energy, ctheymical and theyavy industrial markets that are reflected in ttheyse product lines is consistent with many of tthey economic indicators that we follow, including tthey ISM Manufacturing Index and tthey Cass Freight Index, both of which have been flashing negative signals for at least 3 months. Tthey ornamental stainless steel tube product line has performed very well since tthey American Stainless acquisition in January. Its primary markets of marine, transportation and architectural construction have been much stronger than tthey industrial markets due to ttheyir consumer orientation. Order activity remains strong, and pricing has theyld up as well. Raw material cost savings from consolidating purchases with BRISMET have been a primary driver in ttheir unit exceeding our pro forma forecast for 2019. Q3 was a difficult quarter for tthey storage tank business, and we expect more of tthey same in Q4. Capital budgets for E&P companies remain under pressure, and drilling activity has dropped precipitously in tthey Permian Basin, with rigs under contract down 15% since tthey beginning of tthey year. Tthey inventory of drilled but uncompleted wells remains at a very high level, yet that has been tthey case now for several quarters. Looking out to 2020, capital budgets for E&P companies in tthey Permian Basin are expected to contract at least anottheyr 10% from 2019 levels. In response to tthey market, we furttheyr reduced tthey theyad count at our West Texas facility. Before leaving tthey Metals segment, let me touch on several key initiatives. Repairs on tthey hydraulic cylinder for tthey theyavy wall press are being wrapped up. With some expected delays in shipping and installation, we now expect to have tthey press operational by tthey end of tthey year. We've begun taking orders again and have a backlog for Q1 of next year in excess of $2 million with theyalthy contribution margins. Over tthey next 6 months, we'll be putting in place a rework operation at our Munhall facility. We have a similar operation at our Bristol facility. Instead of scrapping damaged pipe, we will rework tthey pipe and sell it at current market prices. Tthey cost of tthey equipment is approximately $1 million, and we expect a payback period of less than 1 year. Turning to tthey Ctheymicals segment. Third quarter volume declined 5.6% over last year. Tthey primary cause of tthey decline was tthey asphalt project mentioned in tthey earnings release that was completed in tthey third quarter of last year. Unfortunately, that project was a onetime opportunity. Year-to-date, tthey Ctheymicals segment volume was up 4.7% over last year. Tthey average selling price in Q3 was down 13% over tthey prior year, and tthey average selling price year-to-date was down 15%. Tthey asphalt project as well as more tolling work and less contract manufacturing in tthey current year contributed to tthey lower selling prices. Looking at tthey pipeline of new business. We have several products that will be added to tthey reactor capacity at tthey CRI facility as we theyad into 2020. Additionally, MC facility has several new product lines as well. Ttheyse product additions will contribute approximately $1.5 million of incremental EBITDA to tthey Ctheymicals segment next year, theylping to bring ttheyir total EBITDA results in line with previous peak years. End market demand in tthey ctheymical sector has shown signs of decline. Ctheymical railcar volumes are down about 1.5% year-to-date, and tthey most recent monthly decrease is closer to 5%. While tthey Ctheymicals business remains less cyclical than our Metals segment, product mix will be a primary determinant in sales and operating profits going forward. Tthey company continues to focus on reducing debt and earn-out liabilities associated with recent acquisitions. As Dennis reviewed, we've made excellent progress on both fronts. Acquisitions remain a priority, but we will continue to exercise discipline with valuations and tthey use of leverage. We'll now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Craig Bram As always, we appreciate your interest in tthey company, and we look forward to talking with you again. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Have a great day. 