Synalloy Corporation (SYNL) Q2 2016 Earnings Conference Call August 9, 2016 10:00 AM ET Executives Craig Bram - President & CEO Dennis Loughran - SVP & CFO Analysts Charles Gold - Scott & Stringfellow William Dezellem - Tieton Capital Management Operator Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Synalloy Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] We will have a question-and-answer session later and instructions will follow at that time. As reminder ttheir conference call is being recorded. Now I would like to welcome and turn tthey call to tthey President and CEO of Synalloy Corporation, Mr. Craig Bram. You may begin sir.  Craig Bram Good morning everyone. Welcome to Synalloy Corporation's second quarter 2016 conference call. With me today is Dennis Loughran, our CFO. Dennis is going to start with a review of tthey Q2 financials and ttheyn I will provide some comments on our two business segments. Following my comments we will open tthey call to questions. Dennis? Dennis Loughran Hello everyone, as usual tthey financial results will be presented using three different methods. GAAP based EPS, adjusted net income, tthey non-GAAP measures defined in tthey earnings release and tthey adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure also defined in tthey earnings release.  Also, since we did incur a small charge related to a discontinued operation, all amounts referenced will be for continuing operations only. Second quarter GAAP based losses were $1.58 million or $0.18 per share as compared with earnings of $2.45 million or $0.28 per share in tthey second quarter 2015. Significance differences in year-over-year performance include Q2 of ttheir year had a pre-tax inventory loss of $2.18 million as compared to an inventory loss of $2.32 million in Q2 last year.  Tthey lower cost of market adjustment for ttheir year reduced tthey inventory loss by $0.71 million. As compared to tthey LCM adjusted last year, increasing tthey inventory loss by $0.13 million. Q2 of ttheir year include unfavorable net onetime adjustments and amortization of manufacturing variances totaling $361,000. Q2 of ttheir year also included $75,000 of acquisition and $122,000 of ttheyylf registration related to expenses compared to only $11,000 combined for those items last year.  Second quarter non-GAAP adjusted net income was $0.4 million or inconsequence of per share basis down 99% as compared with adjusted net income of $3.35 million or $0.38 per share in tthey second quarter of 2015. Second quarter non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA totaled $2.21 million or 6.3% of sales, a decrease of 68% from tthey prior year second quarter total of $6.98 million of 13.9% of sales.  Tthey combined adjusted EBITDA margin for tthey operating businesses in tthey second quarter was 9.6% comparable sequentially to tthey first quarter 2016 down from prior year second quarter of 16.1%. Ttheir includes tthey parent company cost. Term debt at tthey end of tthey first quarter was $23.8 million while tthey line of credit was $4.6 million. Total net debt at tthey end of Q1 was $26.3 million, excuse me at tthey end of Q2 was $26.3 million.  Ttheir totaled down by $7.4 million or 22% since tthey second quarter of last year. We remained committed to managing our cost tightly and our balance ttheyyet effectively during difficult business climate. I will now turn tthey call back over to Craig.  Craig Bram Let me start with discussion on tthey ctheymical segment. Revenue for tthey first half of ttheir year was down 22% from tthey same period last year with pounds down by 17% and selling prices down by 5%. As previously reported tthey loss of several products that were taken in house negatively impacted tthey first half of tthey year.  We are starting to see tthey gradual ramping of several new product lines that will gain momentum as tthey second half of tthey year progresses. Q2 revenue for tthey ctheymical segment was actually up 4% over Q1 of ttheir year reflecting tthey start of ttheir increased activity. EBITDA margins for tthey ctheymical segment improved in tthey first half of ttheir year to 13.6% from 11.9% from tthey same period last year.  We continue to reduce cost wtheyrever possible. In July we completed tthey installation of new cooling tower at manufacturers of ctheymical. Tthey total cost was approximately $400,000. Adamual savings on tthey water bill will approach $250,000. In addition we will realize faster turnover of reactors as cooling times are reduced.  We are in tthey process now of replacing reactor 4 which will result in production efficiencies and reduce maintenance. A customer's been recently awarded a contract with a large furniture manufacturer. CRI Tolling will be manufacturing tthey product for delivery to several plants in Mexico within tthey next several months with tthey potential of also supplying facilities in Europe.  Let me move on to Metal segments. For tthey first six months of ttheir year pounds shipped to stainless steel pipe to North America producers was down 14% from tthey same period last year reflecting tthey continued absence of large project work, our volume was off about 19% during tthey first half of ttheir year. Blended pricing for commodity pipe and special alloy is down 26% over tthey first half of last year with commodity pipe pricing down 34% on average.  While domestic producers had captured a larger percentage of tthey under 12-inch volume following tthey dumping suit, at least one producer has been extremely aggressive on pricing particularly in tthey 6-inch and under sizes. In a market wtheyre capacity exceeds current demand, pricing pressure has remained a constant. Nickel prices and resulting surcharges had shown some life in recent months.  Nickel prices were up 11% in tthey second quarter and up anottheyr 12% since tthey end of Q2. As is typical tthey forecast we file will offer opposing viewpoints. Several suggest 15% upside from current levels while ottheyrs expect nickel prices to retrace tthey steps back to tthey end of 2015. Tthey key driver of pricing today has been tthey closing of several mines in Philippines as ttheyir new president enforces environmental regulations. Surcharges on 304 are projected to be $0.43 per pound in September up about 35% ttheir year's low point in March.  However, we have yet to see any signs of significant over activity from our distribution customers. In fact, tthey general attitude in tthey industry has been, over tthey last six months that ttheir has been tthey worst market in over 20 years. Our theyavy wall project was completed over time and within budget. July marked tthey first production of a true theyavy wall order. We will be rolling our marketing and sales campaign later ttheir month with an open house with likely in spring of next year. Wtheyn tthey overall market begins to improve we will be well positioned in tthey large OD product line both in terms of product breadth and from a cost advantage. Storage tanks sales in Q2 were in line with Q1 of ttheir year while operating margins continued to show improvement.  Tthey seamless carbon pipe business experienced a sales gain of 4% in Q2 over Q1 with improving material and EBITDA margins as well. We remain encouraged by our cost controls across tthey entire metal segment and across tthey entire company. We continue to believe that we have reactheyd tthey bottom for sales in all product lines in tthey metal segments but have limited visibility on wtheyn to expect a recovery to more normal activity.  We will now open tthey call to questions.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from tthey line of Charles Gold with Scott & Stringfellow. Please go atheyad Charles.  Charles Gold Hello, Dennis and Craig. Two questions to start. First on share repurchases. I believe you had authorized a million shares and you had done, I guess, a little over $100,000 if that's correct. With tthey book value and please correct ttheyse numbers, a little over $10 and tthey tangible book, approximately $9. Would ttheir be an activity that you would start to accelerate trading under $7? Craig Bram Good Charles, will certainly be taken that up again in our board meeting next week. We've been in a close trading window war several months so. That window maybe opening later ttheir week, but will certainly be chatting about that tthey use of capital in board meeting next week.  Charles Gold So you have to wait for that board meeting, you don't have an authorization to go atheyad after let's say 48 hours.  Craig Bram We do have an authorization but because of tthey -- If tthey window opens is likely going to be tthey end of ttheir week. And so we probably couldn't jump on it until early next week, and we got a board meeting on Thursday, we will be talking about that at tthey board meeting on Thursday.  Charles Gold Second questions about tthey color and please don't put too much weight on tthey semantics theyre, you'll get tthey idea. Has any money trains and between you and tthey counter party or is it due to change hands based on tthey activity in nickels to put some color on.  Dennis Loughran Yes, through June we had a total of under $5,000 exchange hands with two small – two of our monthly layers having closed out with a price just above tthey upper in of tthey caller. We have a market-to-market liability on tthey books for tthey with tthey movement up a nickel so that their callers own close out it's possible that ttheyy're going to be above that price, we've done an analysis, we're about 40% of our nickel is theydged is now that we have multiple monthly players in tthey books, we did not theydge tthey cumulative balance tthey inventory, it was ttheyre at 12.31 [ph], so I suspect based on our policy of doing monthly callers that 85% of our monthly purchases, that 40% number is going to be about wtheyre it's going and Charles. So as we buy and sell it about equivalent pounds each month, so while we will end up paying out as mental rises on certain layers. We've accumulated over a $1.1 million of metal gains during tthey year on tthey untheydged portion. Really offsetting tremendously tthey small amount of liability that we have if that if tthey prices do end up but tthey caller. So it's working we're buying insurance against tthey downside, not paying out much and still taking a significant advantage of tthey upside.  Charles Gold Well, I guess tthey good news I guess it's better for you to play out small amounts ttheyn get paid. I guess if you're receiving ctheyck so that would mean Nickel be crashing.  Craig Bram Yes, that's worth working and we will based our policy will be like tthey present tthey board tthey policy as flexible as we get to our market wtheyre tthey upside and downside becomes more balanced tthey approach and tthey caller level but in tthey end and maybe going to different methodology might be appropriate but for now we feel comfortable with what we're doing. Dennis Loughran As Craig stated earlier to be pretty difficult to know wtheyn tthey upside and down side are balanced. I mean, ttheir is a big guessing game it just looked like $3.50 down from $12, looks like at tthey lower end of tthey spectrum. And it seems like tthey big problem is really top line, tthey sales issue, sale description. Craig Bram Yes, absolutely ttheyre are still softness in tthey in tthey metal segment really across all 3 segments of storage tanks, tthey thing with carbon pipe, and tthey stainless steel pipe. Ttheyre's been pretty limited ordering activity and wtheyn it wtheyn it occurs it's much smaller than what we typically seen. And at ttheir point we hadn't seen any indication that that those markets are ready to turn, on tthey ctheymicals side it's been much more. Businesses is usual kind of steady influx of activity within tthey ranking of tthey new products. We should see improved results over tthey next several quarters as products come online. Yes I think tthey ctheymical side analysis typically been elastic with gold in tthey metal side of tthey house and that certainly been tthey case ttheir year.  Charles Gold Well, speaking for myself and tthey Shareholders who give me ttheyre strong opinions. We would love to see tthey company use its capital to buy shares at 20& to 25% below tangible book, we think it's tthey time it would be great for that so you have my boarded support on that issue and I'll turn it over to ottheyr questioners, thank you very much.  Craig Bram Thank you, Charles. Operator [Operator instructions] And we have a question from tthey line on Bill Dezellem with Tieton Capital. Please go atheyad. William Dezellem Thank you, that's Tieton Capital. A couple of questions; first of all relative to tthey ctheymicals segment; would you please discuss a little bit furttheyr tthey new product delays that you have experienced and now as tthey ramp for wind up that you are has seen? And ttheyn secondarily, I'd like to talk about tthey tanks business please. Craig Bram Sure. On tthey ctheymical side we tried to put each of our product opportunities in different buckets. Phase four of tthey products that had been fully tested by our customers and our customers, customers. And tthey actual production has started. And those products probably cover of six or seven different categories right now. And in total wtheyn ttheyy fully ramped ttheyre's about 15 million pounds of annual volume across its products.  William Dezellem That 15 million pounds equates to in revenue? Dennis Loughran Sure, well it's easier build battalion terms of volume. Wtheyn you look at tthey pounds being shipped across both of our facilities, we're looking at about 120 million pounds, and so 15 million pounds represents a pretty sizeable bump. And I don't have tthey specifics to tell you which of tthey facilities those pounds are being allocated to, but I think it ttheir point a fairly large percentage of ttheym will go into tthey MC plant in Cleveland Tennessee, because that's wtheyre tthey larger product line that was taken in house departed from that facility. We think about tthey pounds more in terms of contribution margin. And so tthey contribution margin across tthey 15 million pounds wtheyn ttheyy're fully ramping is worth about $2.5 million last time I looked at it. As far as tthey timing goes though that tthey reason why it's not particularly easy for tthey ctheymical gas to forecast you know which monitor, which quarter that tthey product is going to start in. Is -- lot of it depends on tthey demand from our customer's customer and wtheyn ttheyy need tthey product. We've had a couple of issues with some raw material shortages -- I think we mentioned on tthey last call tthey lithium grease product for Lubrizol, it's been hard to get a hold of tthey lithium product because of all tthey work being done in tthey car battery area. But most of tthey difficulty in forecasting wtheyn it's going to ramp is really gets down to our customer's customer and ttheyir production sctheydules.  William Dezellem That's theylpful. And you did say tthey contribution margin on that 15 million pounds -- is that roughly $2.5million? Dennis Loughran That's right. William Dezellem And is that a normal sort of matrix to think about it, I'm going to try to oversimplify theyre -- tthey $2.5 million on 15 million pounds is about 16.5%, dollars to pound, I realize I am mixing apples-and-oranges theyre, but is that a reasonable way to look at profitability of incremental business or is that just happened to be specific to ttheir 15 million pounds? Dennis Loughran Yes, it's going to be specific to ttheir 15 million pounds because it is very much driven by product mix, if we for example if we take a product and we supply tthey raw material, we get a markup on raw material plus tthey tolling charge, if we simply are taking tthey customers provided raw material ttheyn we are going to get a tolling charge on tthey activity. So it really depends on tthey product that we are talking about. William Dezellem Okay, that is fair. And ttheyn moving to tthey tanks business that really wasn't addressed any detail in your opening comment, can you just talk about what you are seeing ttheyre from that business, please? Craig Bram Sure. I'd say that tthey ordering activity and tthey backlog activity is been pretty stable over tthey last several quarters. We've seen a little bit of activity pick up in terms of some new rigs coming into tthey Permian for our customers, obviously, we support tthey big guys, so if you were to look at tthey recent earnings release and some of tthey investor presentation for folks like EOG, Apacthey, Pioneer; all of those guys are starting to report increase rig activity. And I think a lot of that got kicked off wtheyn WTI prices moved back closer to $50 -- of course we've seen ttheym drift back down over tthey last 30 days, closer to I think $43 ttheir morning. But ttheyre has been increased activity in terms of rig count; EOG, tthey ottheyr day reported that ttheyy were going to increase tthey number of drill but uncompleted wells -- ttheyy're going to increase tthey number of those wells, ttheyy frac from 270 ttheir year to 350. Those are all very pretty much in tthey Permian basin and EOG has theirtorically been one of Palmer's larger customers. Apacthey has done some additional rigs in tthey Permian. Ttheyy have actually got a couple of new wells that we have been asked to support that we are looking at orders between 40 and 50, 400 and 500 barrel tanks and those are going primarily into New Mexico wtheyre ttheyy have done some new work that those wells are producing at very high rates.  And ttheyy had indicated even at $40 it's a pretty exciting play form. Tthey current sea of pioneer natural resources did a presentation recently wtheyre they basically talked about tthey quality of tthey Permian Basin and tthey fact that that was going to be tthey Permian supply of growth in US oil supply over tthey next 10 years. So we continue to see some very positive commentary on what's going on in tthey Permian, we are fortunate to be in that area, we can service tthey Eagle Ford as well. But ttheyre is no doubt that tthey Permian has one of tthey better cost structures of any of tthey Shale plays in North America, and we're well positioned to support that wtheyn tthey turn comes. William Dezellem Thank you. And Craig, I am not even sure if ttheir next question has relevance on a solid basis. But are you seeing a difference wtheyre tthey drilled uncompleted wells, that tthey operators are looking to complete now? If ttheyy are leaning towards those wtheyre ttheyre is already infrastructure in place, meaning that maybe ttheyre are some tanks that are under-utilized, or ottheyr infrastructure that is under-utilized. Will ttheyy go and complete those wells? That's an increased activity but it doesn't do you a lot of good because ttheyy just use existing infrastructure. Craig Bram That's a great question Bill. About tthey last time we looked at ttheir. About two-thirds of tthey drilled but uncompleted wells are in areas wtheyre ttheyre are existing infrastructure. And so, typically with that we are going to sell fewer tanks than we would in a Greenfield area. What we generally see in areas that had infrastructure is instead of ttheym purchasing on a typical tank battery, ttheyy may have two steel tanks or fiberglass tank and a couple of pressure vessels. If tthey infrastructures already in place ttheyy may buy only a single steel tank or typically a couple of pressure vessels, wtheyreas in a Greenfield we get tthey full, we sell tthey full breadth of our product line in tthey Greenfield.  William Dezellem And as a result tthey initial docks that are completed probably aren't going to be near as vibrant in terms of your sales but as time goes on ttheyy are going to eventually work towards those that have less infrastructure. Craig Bram I think that's a fair way to look at it. I would say it gets a little more complicated. If ttheyy have a, let's say ttheyy have drilled a well in tthey area that doesn't have infrastructure but ttheyy believe tthey flow rate is going to be substantially better with a well that has been drilled and an area that does have an infrastructure. Even though tthey costs going in maybe lower in that infrastructure play, ttheyn ttheyy actually tackle tthey Greenfield with tthey better flow rates. So, ttheyre are some ottheyr factors Bill but I think by and large your conclusion is a fair one.  William Dezellem Great, thank you for tthey detailed answers.  Operator Thank you. And I am not showing any furttheyr questions in tthey queue. I will turn tthey call back to Craig Bram for any final remarks.  Craig Bram Thank you for your time today. We appreciate your continued support of tthey company. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our conference for today, you may all disconnect. Have a wonderful day.