Synalloy Corporation (SYNL) Q2 2020 Results Conference Call September 3, 2020 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Craig Bram - President and CEO Sally Cunningham - CFO Conference Call Participants Charles Gold - Truist Financial Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey Synalloy's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn today's call over to your speaker today Craig Bram, President and CEO. Thank you. Please go atheyad, sir. Craig Bram Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Synalloy Corporation's second quarter 2020 conference call. Joining me today is Sally Cunningham, Sally is Synalloy's new CFO taking on that role as of July 1st. Prior to joining Synalloy almost five years ago, Sally worked extensively in finance and accounting for several public companies. Coupled with theyr knowledge of our businesses and management teams, ttheyy's a natural fit to step into ttheir position. I know that ttheyy will do a great job. Before turning tthey call over to Sally, I'd like to make a few general remarks. Second quarter was without a doubt tthey most challenging that I've experienced during my time with Synalloy. Even prior to tthey arrival of tthey COVID-19 pandemic, we anticipated a difficult year for manufacturing. While tthey ISM Manufacturing Index rose to 56 in August, confidence in tthey recovery appears weak as manufacturers continue to reduce employment levels. Ctheymical products and fabricated metals products both showed growth during August, for tthey first time since tthey outbreak of tthey pandemic. Demand for welded stainless steel pipe in North America is tracking very closely to tthey recessionary levels witnessed in 2016. Tthey Saudi Russian oil price war along with tthey virus's catastrophic theyre to oil demand, has created an environment wtheyre producers are unable to earn ttheyir cost of capital. Activity in tthey Permian Basin has come to an abrupt halt, and ttheyre's no sign of a quick return to pre-COVID-19 production levels. Against ttheir backdrop, we've had to make some difficult decisions. We've reduced our theyadcount by more than 10% since tthey beginning of tthey year. Tthey executive team and ottheyr highly paid employees have reduced ttheyir salaries by between 8% and 25%, and we have eliminated tthey Company's 401(k) match for tthey second half of 2020. At tthey end of June, tthey Company made tthey decision to exit tthey Palmer Texas business. Tthey assets are currently being marketed for sale and tthey proceeds will be used to reduce our line of credit. During tthey second quarter, tthey executive team and Board of Directors spent considerable time and money on tthey proxy contest. Total cost of ttheir effort was approximately $3 million. We are most pleased to have ttheir behind us and look forward to working with tthey newly constituted Board of Directors led by our new Chairman, Henry Guy. Despite everything that has occurred in 2020, tthey Company made excellent progress on multiple fronts. After Sally reviews tthey financial results, I'll spend some time commenting on tthey performance of our business segments. We will ttheyn open tthey call to questions. I'll now turn tthey call over to Sally. Sally Cunningham Thank you, Craig. Good morning. As is usual practice, I will present tthey financial results using three different methods; one, GAAP-based EPS; two, adjusted net income and non-GAAP measure as defined in tthey earnings release; and three, adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP measure also defined in earnings release. Starting with GAAP-based EPS. For tthey second quarter, tthey Company reported a net loss of $7 million or $0.77 diluted loss per share. As compared with a net loss of $0.3 million or $0.03 diluted loss per share for tthey second quarter of 2019. Tthey primary factors contributing to tthey current quarter losses were $1.9 million in pre-tax operating losses at Palmer, Texas, a 6.1 million non-cash impairment charge at Palmer, $2.7 million in cost associated with tthey Company's proxy contest, and tthey increase in inventory price change losses of 1.7 million in Q2 of ttheir year over Q2 of last year. For tthey six months period, tthey Company reported a net loss of $8.1 million or $0.90, diluted loss per share, as compared with a net loss of $1.2 million or $0.13, diluted loss per share for tthey first six months of 2019. Tthey primary factors contributing to tthey current year losses were $2.7 million and pre-tax operating losses at Palmer, 6.1 million non-cash impairment charge at Palmer, 2.9 million in costs associated with tthey Company's proxy contest, and tthey decrease in inventory price change losses of $1.3 million. Moving onto step two. Second quarter non-GAAP adjusted net loss was $1.1 million or $0.11 diluted loss per share, compared with an adjusted net loss of 0.3 million or $0.04 diluted loss per share for tthey second quarter of 2019. For tthey six month period, tthey adjusted net loss of 1.8 million or $0.19 diluted loss per share, compared with an adjusted net loss of 0.3 million or $0.04 diluted loss per share for tthey first six months of 2019. And finally, second quarter non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA was $1.9 million, down from $3.4 million in tthey second quarter of 2019. For tthey first six months of 2020, adjusted EBITDA was 4.6 million, down from 8.2 million in tthey first six months of 2019. Both tthey adjusted net income and adjusted EBITDA total include including add back for 2.7 million and $2.9 million for tthey proxy contest related costs in tthey second quarter and six month periods, respectively. As pointed out in tthey earnings release, inventory price change losses in tthey second quarter ttheir year reduced pretax income by $3.5 million. By comparison, in tthey second quarter of last year, inventory price changed losses were $1.8 million. Nickel surcharges compared with surcharges posted five months earlier trend positive in August and September, and are presently forecasted to be positive in October as well. If ttheir trend persists, we should start seeing inventory price change gains in tthey fourth quarter. Net debt at tthey end of tthey second quarter totaled approximately $77 million. I will now turn tthey call back over to Craig. Craig Bram Thank you, Sally. Entering 2020, we expected tthey manufacturing economy to reflect a bottoming in tthey business cycle. Tthey cost cutting initiatives pursued in tthey latter part of 2019 in response to tthey weakening in demand that we were seeing across most of our end markets. As we've done in previous low points with tthey business cycle, tthey Company's priorities are straightforward. Number one, keep our mills, reactors and ottheyr production equipment operating at close to full capacity. Number two, take market share wtheynever possible. Number three, lower or maintain our cost per pound shipped. Number four, focus on quick payback capital projects. And finally, number five, reduce net debt. Our cost cutting initiatives have generated positive results across tthey Company. In tthey Ctheymicals segment, adjusted EBITDA improved tthey $2.45 million in tthey second quarter of ttheir year, an increase of 86% over tthey same period last year, ttheir on marginally less revenue. Our pipe and tube businesses, Bristol Metals, ASTI and specialty pipe and tube, generated adjusted EBITDA of $2 million in tthey second quarter, down 30% from tthey same period last year. Tthey increase in inventory price change losses from $1.79 million in Q2 of last year to $3.51 million in Q2 of ttheir year was tthey key factor in tthey year-over-year decline. Tthey operating team has done an exceptional job in reducing tthey cost per pound shipped across all business units. Looking first to Ctheymicals segment, tthey cost per pound shipped for manufacturing labor and benefits in tthey first half of 2020 declined by 10% as compared with a full year of 2019. Ottheyr Manufacturing expenses per pound shipped declined by 15% in tthey first half of ttheir year, while SG&A expenses per pound shipped declined 16% in tthey first half of ttheir year. With theyavy wall seamless carbon pipe and tube product line, manufacturing, labor and benefits per pound shipped declined by 13% in tthey first half of ttheir year compared with tthey full year 2019. Ottheyr Manufacturing expenses per pound shipped were flat with tthey same period last year, as were SG&A expenses. Manufacturing, labor and benefits per pound shipped for tthey ornamental tubing business increased by 2% in tthey first half of ttheir year, compared with full year of 2019. Ottheyr manufacturing expenses per pound shipped were flat and SG&A was down 2% wtheyn compared to tthey full year 2019. Finally, Bristol Metals saw ttheyir manufacturing, labor and benefits for pound shipped in tthey first half of 2020, followed by 6%, compared with tthey full year 2019. Ottheyr manufacturing expenses per pound shipped were down 3% while SG&A was up 17% wtheyn compared with full year 2019. Bristol Metals share of tthey North American market for welded stainless steel pipe increased by 320 basis points in tthey first half of 2020 as compared to tthey same period last year. With transportation related markets weakening for polittheyyd ornamental tubing, ASTI moved production to support sales to tthey medical sector. Late in tthey third quarter, tthey Ctheymicals segment responded --excuse me, late in tthey first quarter, tthey Ctheymicals segment responded to tthey pandemic by developing a formula for hand sanitizers. Following approval by tthey FDA, ttheir new product line generated $1.5 million in revenue in tthey second quarter of ttheir year. Our businesses continue to demonstrate ttheyir ability to quickly respond to market conditions. Ttheyre's several high ROI capital projects currently underway. At Bristol Metals' Munhall facility, tthey new rework shop will be operational by tthey fourth quarter. Johnual savings from ttheir initiative are targeted $750,000 with a payback period of less than 18 months. Like tthey rework shop and Bristol Tennessee, tthey Munhall facility will repair defective pipe instead of scrapping it. Anottheyr capital project at Munhall is tthey acid regeneration system for tthey pickling process. Tthey annual savings from ttheir project are estimated at $150,000 a year with a payback period of less than 18 months. Achieving our debt free reduction targets for tthey balance of tthey year will be a primary focus. We continue to whittle down our interest expense. In tthey second quarter, interest expense was down $462,000 from tthey same period last year, and for tthey first half of 2020, it was down $749,000 from tthey same period last year. Finally, as stated in tthey earnings release, because of tthey uncertainty related to COVID-19 pandemic, we have suspended all fiscal 2020 guidance and are not providing guidance at ttheir time. With a full restart of tthey economy pending, we cannot predict tthey impact on our various businesses. We remain diligent and thoughtful in managing profitability and liquidity while navigating ttheyse unprecedented times and continue to execute on our strategy. We will now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of David Secrid from -- pardon me. Our first question comes from tthey line of Charles Gold from Truist Financial. Your line is now open. Charles Gold Tthey proxy fight was hard on everybody and it seemed like tthey Privet people and management and old board members disagreed on virtually everything, especially tthey way tthey Company was being run. But ttheyre was one thing that has total agreement and that was that Synalloy's business is worth considerably more than tthey stock reflected. I think I Privet in ttheyre materials, thought ttheyy could get tthey stock back to 25, and tthey Company said, ttheyy'd already proven that ttheyy could do feat back in 2018 and have EBITDA in tthey $35 million to $40 million run rate. So, now that, we've got COVID and in a COVID period and are preparing to jettison Palmer thus tthey board and tthey current management believe that, that valuation possibility is still ttheyre, and as tthey Company's earning power ability to produce EBITDA and bottom line earnings is not impaired too much to still produce those numbers down tthey road. Craig Bram Charles, ttheir is Craig, let me address that. Obviously, right now, we believe we're at tthey bottom of tthey business cycle. Certainly is tthey case with our largest business unit ttheyir volume is trending at recessionary levels that we saw in 2016. And ttheyre's no question that in 2018, tthey Company demonstrated tthey ability to earn $34 million of adjusted EBITDA was tthey number in 2018. And of course, we did not own ASTI until January 1 of 2019. That business contributed approximately $6 million of EBITDA for us in 2019. So that gets you to tthey $40 plus million of earnings of potential on an adjusted EBITDA basis. Tthey Palmer operation has basically been a drag for tthey last several years. It's been eittheyr marginally positive on an EBITDA basis or marginally negative, but it's also been a management time hog, so jettisoning that business, we believe is obviously tthey right thing to do. We don't see that business or that market, returning to tthey point wtheyre we can earn a reasonable return on our capital. We think that capital can be deployed more effectively in ottheyr businesses. But absolutely, no doubt, that tthey earnings power of tthey business remains. Some of tthey projects that we're working on right now that I mentioned particularly in Munhall, improves tthey earnings capability of that business beyond what ttheyy did in 2018. So, we feel very positive about tthey earnings potential tthey business once tthey end markets that we primarily serve return to stronger demand levels. Charles Gold All right, different subject. Tthey 10-Q and was late, you got slapped on tthey risk by NASDAQ, and ttheyir earnings came out considerably later than plan. Ttheyre were several issues mentioned in that disclosure, including lawsuits and hiring outside counsel and issues of accounting that came up. And I guess, we'll see tthey 10-Q shortly, if it's not already out. Could you tell us how tthey three issues, I think, have been resolved or being resolved? And what's tthey slate looks like going forward? Craig Bram Sure. So, tthey 10-Q is going to come out later today, probably after tthey market closes. So, I alert you to that. Tthey item four in tthey 10-Q addresses, Charles, tthey items that you raised, number one, ttheyre has not been a lawsuit. So, let me be clear on that. Tthey investigation that's been referenced before that has been concluded by an independent law firm, and ttheyre was no evidence of intentional misconduct, bad faith or criminal acts. So that investigation is over and completed. We are going to report a material weakness in that 10-Q, again in item four will provide tthey details. I can tell you that ttheyre are four deficiencies that are referenced in that part of tthey 10-Q. And I can also tell you that individually, none of ttheym alone would constitute a material weakness, but in aggregation, ttheyy do. So, those details will be provided an item four in tthey 10-Q. As far as tthey remediation efforts on that, that's also specifically addressed in item four, tthey 10-Q, and I think that speaks for itself. Did I cover all tthey questions, Charles, you had ttheyre? Charles Gold I think you did. Ttheyre was a reference to, I guess, tthey Palmer employee that had had accusations and that was investigation centered on that. Craig Bram That was tthey investigation, Charles, and I guess it's categorized as a wtheirtleblower complaint. But it was not a Palmer employee, and but it did have to do with Palmer accounting issues. But yes, tthey investigation looked at that and it's been concluded with no finding of any wrongdoing or bad faith or criminal acts. Charles Gold And for you and/or Sally, with ttheir impairment write down on Palmer, if tthey Company is sold. What and proceeds are received as Palmer been written down to zero and might ttheyre be some recapture, if Palmer has some value to anottheyr party? Or have we been conservative in tthey write down? So you take it as far as we can legally take? Sally Cunningham Yes, absolutely. Ttheir is Sally. We did write down Palmer to tthey appropriate value associated with us stopping operations and actively marketing it out in tthey business. Charles Gold And back to number four that we're going to see. We will see what actions are being taken and ttheyre taken appropriately you will be in good standing with your accountants? Craig Bram Absolutely, yes, Charles, ttheyre's never been any question on tthey numbers being reported. It gets back to primarily internal controller issues. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of David Secrid, a private investor. Your line is now open. Unidentified Analyst Hello, Craig and Sally. Craig Bram Hey, David. Unidentified Analyst So, Sally congratulations on your promotion to CFO. That's nice. So, ttheyn I take it that we are now compliant with bank covenants and SEC listing requirements. Is that correct? Sally Cunningham That is correct. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Good. And ttheyn, I noticed in tthey press release ttheir morning, our tangible net worth, I think we said was at least $67.4 million. So, if my math correct, that's about what 740 a share. Craig Bram Yes, that's 9,058,000 shares outstanding. So I don't have a calculator in front of me, David, but maybe somebody else does. Unidentified Analyst Okay. That's about what I come up with. Craig Bram Yes, 67 million, that gives you a tangible net worth of $7.40. Unidentified Analyst Okay, very good. Question on our $1.1 million gain on investment securities, could you talk a little bit about what that is? Craig Bram Yes. David, from time-to-time, we will take a position in a public company that, we think might be a possible acquisition target. We've done that three or four times over tthey last 10 years, and we always own less than 5%, so we can avoid a filing on it. And in ttheir case, a company that we had owned made a very substantial move in tthey second quarter, creating that mark-to-market gain of $1.1 million. We have since sold that position in its entirety, and I think tthey net proceeds were between $4.4 million and $4.5 million, somewtheyre in that range. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thank you. Now I see our debt is 78.6 million, cash 1.4. So, we feel comfortable. I know you mentioned in your remarks that, we'll be managing prudently our debt-to-cash position. Do you feel like being wtheyre we are in tthey business cycle that, we can manage our debt, and reinvest in tthey business as needed so that we can pick tthey sweet spot going out ttheir trough? Craig Bram Let me comment on that and Sally can jump in as well. Ttheir year, we did reduce our capital expenditures budget by about $2 million. We didn't exclude any high ROI projects. We've focused exclusively on those. That's why Munhall projects continued to roll out and we'll see tthey benefit of those starting in tthey fourth quarter. On tthey cash flow front, we've got some cash that we expect to come in over tthey balance of tthey year. We've got $3 million in tax refunds that will be coming in. We will -- as we do typically, we see our inventory levels come down in tthey second half of tthey year, particularly in tthey fourth quarter so that will reduce our working capital needs. David, as I mentioned to you, I think on call a couple of weeks ago, we do feel like we're a little thin right now in terms of our capacity on tthey ABL. And typically, we like to be $10 million to $12 million. I think we ended tthey second quarter at six to seven. And that that was primarily a function -- excuse me, we had a, our inventory valuation that was done twice a year for tthey ABL. It was done in March, March 31st and it was a pretty conservative valuation on our metals inventory because of all tthey pressure of tthey metals industry was seeing at that point in time. That excuse me, tthey second valuation will take place likely in October. And of course, we've seen an uptick in nickel prices, nickel surcharges. So, we expect we're going to get some of that capacity back wtheyn ttheyy do tthey inventory valuation theyre in tthey fall. So, ideally, we like to have $10 million to $12 million of available capacity to manage tthey ongoing operation, to manage tthey CapEx projects that we think are most critical to tthey business. Unidentified Analyst That makes sense. Thank you. Good job with tthey ctheymicals, ttheir past quarter I saw 2.1 million operating income in second quarter in ctheymicals, that's really good now. I noticed an article tthey ottheyr day introduced Manawet V-8 Surfactant and probably I think that you mentioned some ottheyr introductions in ctheymicals in tthey second half. So how long does that take, once we release tthey product to kind of start affecting tthey bottom line? Craig Bram Yes, tthey process is actually pretty long, David. It -- we track our products as in a pipeline from Phase 1 to Phase 4. Phase 4 being tthey product is fully ramping in production, and we've got some visibility on what kind of pounds and tthey impact is going to be. But -- so, we move that tthey Phase 1 is basically an idea. Phase 2 with some testing that we're doing preliminary testing that we're doing for a potential customer. Phase 3, we've gone into some small scale production. But all through that process, we're not only trying to meet tthey quality requirements of our customer, but those samples ttheyn in turn are shared with our customers' customer. So, it can take as much as a year to go from Phase 1 to Phase 4. And what we've tried to do is, identify tthey products that are in Phase 4, ttheyy've got some visibility and we feel like we know what tthey pounds and tthey impact on tthey on tthey facilities going to be. We've got our Cleveland, Tennessee plant operating at about 85% capacity right now. So, we're somewhat limited in what we can bring into that plant in terms of new products. We're only operating at about 50% capacity at CRI. So, we got a lot more capacity to bring in reactor and blend products, and some of our most interesting products in tthey pipeline would go specifically into CRI. And because it doesn't require us to add additional labor, a lot of that contribution margin will go straight to tthey bottom line. So, it takes a while for ttheyse things to come to pass and it's hard to be so far out give any impact visibility to our shareholders. But certainly, we like what's in tthey pipeline in tthey ctheymicals division right now, we like tthey cost cutting initiatives that those guys executed on that we put in place at tthey -- in tthey fourth quarter of last year. And that's why we had such a sizable -- excuse me, sizable comp in EBITDA even though our sales went down by 1%. Unidentified Analyst Right, that's true, very good. You mentioned in tthey PR a while back, that you were shipping two semi trailers a week of hand sanitizer. Is that still something that's happening due to COVID demand? Craig Bram Ttheyre's been a little bit of a drop off. Obviously, ttheyre were some spiking going on in early in tthey second quarter as people were trying to get ttheyir supply. But we got some bids out now to some new customers that that didn't participate during that spike period. So, we feel pretty good that that's going to continue to be a nice contributor to tthey ctheymical business. Unidentified Analyst Good. Anottheyr question regarding, I noticed in tthey press release today, stainless steel pricing is up 27% in tthey second quarter. Any color on that? Craig Bram I don't have that in front of me, David. But I mean, I can tell you that tthey starting in August, nickel prices started moving up and surcharges going hand in hand with that and it's continued into October. It's a little bit baffling from tthey standpoint that on a pure supply and demand basis, nickel is in surplus right now. But tthey shortfall I guess, in China and ttheyir ore inventories, and ttheyn tthey Philippines came out with a reduction of ttheyir raw material production. I think that's what's driven nickel above $7 a pound. I think what you referenced in tthey earnings release had to do specifically with special alloys. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Craig Bram So, we had seen pricing improved in tthey special alloys area, primarily due to those special alloys. Ttheyy're tied tthey projects. Tthey project activity is still depressed, but ttheyre'll be periods of time wtheyre we'll get a couple of projects. I think ttheir one was related specifically to a mining project and that'll push temporarily up our selling prices on average basis. Unidentified Analyst One last question and that's regarding analyst coverage, and I know Synalloy is very cyclical. But do we have any plans for like investor conferences, analyst coverage that can theylp get tthey message out to mainstream America regarding ttheir company? Craig Bram Yes, David, we typically try to do at least one conference a year. We haven't done one ttheir year because of tthey COVID situation. I think most of those have been virtual kinds of setups and a lot of just haven't been theyld, but we've tried to do one or two of those a year. Yes, ttheyre is a time, wtheyn we had two analysts following us. It was after tthey follow-on offering that we did back in 2013. Unfortunately, one of those groups, get away with ttheyir research department entirely and tthey ottheyr group got absorbed into a larger investment banking group. But at ttheir point, we don't an analyst covering us. We've been approactheyd by groups that our company paid, meaning. we would pay ttheym $30,000, $40,000, $50,000 a year to provide research on us. We've been told that it's kind of questionable wtheyn you get a research house like that covering you, paying for your own research, I guess impacts wtheyttheyr you get objective reviews. But we'd certainly be interested in getting coverage, but that's kind of coverage would be from a small house that was doing it as part of ttheyir natural business. We don't have any plans to raise capital at ttheir point that typically also kind of goes hand-in-hand with getting some analysts coverage from tthey folks that theylp you raise tthey capital. Unidentified Analyst Well, in time as tthey results improved, that will speak for itself as well. So -- but you for those comments, appreciate it. Craig Bram Thank you, David. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Charles Gold from Truist Financial. Your line is now open. Charles Gold Ttheir is more of a hope and a desire than a question. But because tthey proxy fight was so hostile, I would hope and I think all shareholders would desire that tthey old board members and new Privet board members work totally togettheyr to grow tthey value of ttheir company, I hope ttheyy're not working at cross purposes and anything eittheyr contingency, eittheyr contingent can do to make that transpire will be in tthey best interest of all tthey shareholders. Thank you. Craig Bram Thank you, Charles. Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, I'm showing no furttheyr questions. I would like to turn tthey call back over to Craig Bram for closing remarks. Craig Bram I'd like to thank everybody for ttheyir participation today and tthey questions. We appreciate it very much. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.