Synalloy Corporation (SYNL) Q4 2015 Earnings Conference Call February 29, 2016 10:00 AM ET Executives Craig Bram - President and Chief Executive Officer Dennis Loughran - SVP and Chief Financial Officer Analysts Kevin Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets William Dezellem - Tieton Capital Management LLC Charles Gold - Scott & Stringfellow Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Synalloy Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mr. Craig Bram, President and CEO. Sir, you may begin. Craig Bram Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Synalloy Corporation’s fourth quarter 2015 conference call. With me today is Dennis Loughran, our CFO. For today’s agenda, Dennis will first provide a review of tthey fourth quarter and full-year financials, ttheyn I will offer some general comments about 2015 and our forecast for 2016. Following my comments, we’ll open tthey call to questions. Dennis? Dennis Loughran Good morning, everyone. In comparing ttheir year’s financial performance to last year, last year’s results will be for continuing operations only. As usual, tthey financial results will be presented using three different methods; first, GAAP-based EPS; second, adjusted net income, a non-GAAP measure as defined in tthey earnings release; and third, adjusted EBITDA a non-GAAP measure also defined in tthey earnings release. Fourth quarter GAAP-based losses were $17.7 million, or $2.04 per share, as compared with earnings of $1.4 million, or $0.16 per share in tthey fourth quarter of 2014. Fourth quarter of ttheir year includes a pre-tax loss of $17.2 million related to goodwill impairments for Palmer of Texas and Specialty Pipe & Tube, respectively, tthey reasons for which I’ll describe more fully later in my comments. Ottheyr significant [indiscernible] include, Q4 of last year included a pre-tax inventory loss of $228,000, as compared to an inventory loss of $2.4 million in Q4 of ttheir year. Q4 last year included pre-tax charges relating to acquisition efforts of $305,000, as compared to charges ttheir year of $46,000. And ttheir year’s Q4 includes a one-time casualty insurance gain of $923,000 related to settlement of fire loss claims at Palmer of Texas, compared to no such amounts in last year’s Q4. Year-to-date GAAP-based losses were $10.3 million, or $1.18 per share, as compared with earnings of $12.6 million, or $1.45 per share in tthey 12 months of 2014. Tthey 2015 figure includes tthey impact of tthey $17.2 million goodwill impairment described above, compared to no such charge in 2014. Inventory losses in 2015 were $8.1 million, as compared with only $107,000 in 2014. Tthey Palmer acquisition earn-out adjustment resulted in a pre-tax gain of $3.5 million in 2014, as compared with tthey cumulative pre-tax gains from both Palmer and SPT earn-out adjustments of $4.9 million in 2015. Also, 2015 was impacted by pre-tax gains of $923,000 and $135,000 related to tthey Palmer of Texas casualty gain at excess life insurance benefits respectively, which did not have comparable gains in 2014. Of special note in both GAAP-based comparisons, tthey goodwill impairment standout is requiring tthey special explanation provided in tthey earnings release. Tthey conclusion reactheyd by tthey company is based on a process that requires consideration of both management forecast and external market factors during tthey annual assessment of goodwill. In ttheir case, tthey much reduced market value of tthey firm due to significant 2015 decline of stock price proved to be an overriding indicator of impairment, despite tthey earnings and cash flow strength of tthey business as indicated in tthey preliminary assessment results. We stand by our belief stated in tthey earnings release as ttheir represents an impairment based on stock pricing dynamics that do no reflect tthey future value of tthey two impacted business units. As stated in tthey earnings release, both businesses were EBITDA positive in 2015 during tthey period we believe represents tthey bottom of tthey market for tthey oil and gas segments of ttheyir businesses. In addition, both businesses have maintained or gained market share as ttheyy’re ready to support our customer’s base wtheyn those markets inevitably rebound. Fourth quarter non-GAAP adjusted net income was $176,000, or $0.02 per share, down 91% as compared with adjusted net income of $1.9 million, or $0.22 per share in tthey fourth quarter 2014. Year-to-date, non-GAAP adjusted net income was $7.5 million, or $0.86 per share, down 26% as compared to adjusted net income of $10.1 million, or $1.16 per share in tthey full-year 2014. Fourth quarter non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA totaled $1.8 million, or $0.21 per share, a decrease of $0.61 from tthey prior year’s fourth quarter total of $4.8 million, or $0.55 per share. Year-to-date, non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA totaled $19.4 million, or $2.23 per share, a decrease of 12% from prior year’s total of $22 million, or $2.53 per share. Tthey combined adjusted EBITDA margin for tthey operating businesses in tthey fourth quarter was 9.6% and for tthey full-year of 2015 was 13.7%. For all of 2014, tthey combined adjusted EBITDA margin for tthey operating businesses was 12.5%. Ttheir excludes obviously parent company costs. As mentioned in tthey press release, adjusted EBITDA does account for certain add-backs according to our formal definition. However, tthey fourth quarter and 12-month figures for 2015 were impacted by certain one-time general, administrative and operating costs that are not subject to add-back treatments, but are not expected to repeat in 2016 and beyond. Those costs totaling $1.7 million and $2.7 million respectively for tthey fourth quarter and 12 months of 2015, represents certain professional services and ottheyr costs, including audit, SOX, ttheyylf registration, anti-dumping legal fees, staffing redundancies and severance expenses, as well as environmental audit and administrative settlements. Ttheyse items were at uniquely high and concentrated levels of expenditure compared to anticipated levels going forward. Term debt at tthey end of tthey fourth quarter totaled $26.2 million, while tthey line of credit was $1.9 million. Total net debt at tthey end of Q4 was $27.7 million. I will now turn tthey call back over to Craig. Craig Bram Thanks, Dennis. We obviously had our share of challenges in 2015, particularly in tthey Metals Segment. Nickel prices were down 15% in Q4, bringing in tthey decline for all of 2015 to 45%. Ttheyy had continued to slide in tthey first two months of 2016, down roughly 3%. WTI prices fell by 18% in Q4 and were down 31% for tthey year. Ttheyy declined by anottheyr 11% so far in 2016. Tthey impact of our Metals Segment in 2015 was substantial. We posted record level inventory losses in our pipe operation and saw our revenue per storage tanks and theyavy wall carbon pipe and tube declined by over 35% year-over-year. In tthey Ctheymicals segment, lower petroleum-related raw material prices reduced our selling prices per pound and pressured revenue for tthey unit. As Dennis reported, our adjusted net income for tthey year was down 26% and adjusted EBITDA was down 12% from tthey prior year. Our share price took a much larger hit than ttheyse results would seem to indicate with a year-over-year decline of 63%. In spite of tthey difficulties faced in 2015, I can point to many examples of positive accomplishments throughout tthey year. First, across five business units, we had a total of two lost time accidents, none of which were serious in nature. Adjusted EBITDA margins for our operating businesses improved by 120 basis points year-over-year. Our balance ttheyyet strength remains a high priority and we finittheyyd 2015 in great shape. Net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 1.43 times. We also returned $3.4 million to our shareholders through dividends and stock repurchases. We continue to reinvest in our business with capital expenditures in excess of $10 million, growth CapEx represented approximately $6 million of ttheir total. Our new theyavy wall pipe shop in Bristol was making excellent progress, and we expect contributions from ttheir operation in tthey second-half of ttheir year. In terms of execution, I’d have to say ttheir is probably tthey best year of my tenure as CEO, as far as our management team’s performance at tthey operating unit level. Turning our attention to 2016, our visibility on tthey direction of nickel and WTI prices is no better than it is ever been. We know that producers of both commodities are eittheyr losing money at current prices, or are marginally profitable. Eittheyr way, ttheyse prices are not sustainable. Wtheyn ttheyy will move in a positive direction, of course, is unknown. We have seen very limited improvement in order activity in our Metals business in recent weeks, as compared with tthey second-half of 2015, but I do want to emphasize very limited. While our Ctheymical segment has a strong pipeline of Phase 4 and Phase 3 products that it started limited production or are projected to start production in tthey coming quarters tthey full impact of ttheyse new products is difficult to gauge based on how quickly ttheyy ramp to full production. I would say that tthey general sentiment of our customers and suppliers in tthey Metals Segment is fairly negative at ttheir time, while tthey mood in tthey Ctheymical segment is more optimistic. Against ttheir backdrop, we continue to look for opportunities to tighten up on expenses and make sure tthey staffing levels are consistent with order activity. Our forecast for 2016 was revised as recently as ttheir month. We’re now looking for annual revenue in tthey range of $165 million to $170 million, and adjusted EBITDA in tthey range of $16 million to $17.5 million. Ttheir forecast reflects our belief that 2016 will look more like tthey second-half of 2015 minus some of tthey one-time expenses that Dennis commented on earlier plus contributions from tthey new theyavy wall pipe shop at Bristol. You would recall that tthey first-half of 2015 benefited from several large project orders at BRISMET. Unfortunately, project activity has been very light in recent quarters and we do not see any change in 2016 at ttheir time. We’ll now open up tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Kevin Maczka from BB&T Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Kevin Maczka Thanks. Good morning. Dennis Loughran Good morning. Craig Bram Hi, Kevin. Kevin Maczka A couple of questions on tthey outlook ttheir morning. So in terms of tthey Metals outlook down 7%, is that – just to be clear, is that down 7% relative to tthey 115 that you did in 2015, or relative to an annualized second-half run rate, because if we run that run rate forward, it would be down more like 20%? Craig Bram Yes, Kevin that’s based on tthey second-half run rate. Kevin Maczka Okay, got it, got it. And can you just maybe expand on that that negative 7% a little bit more and tthey puts and takes and how you got ttheyre? I know that that business is not entirely energy, but BRISMET does sell into folks like MRC that are guiding tthey New Year down more like 20 to 30? Craig Bram Yes. We – Kevin, we started by looking at tthey general run rate in tthey second-half of 2015. We also looked at what was going on in Q4, as it relates to tthey order activity what we had in our backlog. And as we said in tthey past, a lot of that is dictated by product mix and maybe why we’re not looking for quite a hit that an MRC is that we do have a good backlog of special alloys right now. Ttheyy tend to provide more profit margin for us. Also, in tthey second-half of tthey year, we are expecting a contribution from tthey theyavy wall pipe business and that obviously carries higtheyr margins with it as well. Kevin Maczka On that point, Craig, can you quantify that in anyway what you’re expecting tthey theyavy wall project to contribute ttheir year? Craig Bram We’ve – I think we’re being fairly conservative on that Kevin. Let me give you kind of a general update on wtheyre we’re at. We’ve got tthey folks from Sweden and Bristol training our folks now in tthey operation of tthey unit, it’s up and running. We’re going to initially take some of tthey larger diameter pipe projects that we would have run on our smaller presses and move those up to tthey new press to provide some training on that machine. But we’re – from a forecast standpoint in tthey second-half of tthey year, we’re expecting that we can generate in tthey neighborhood of $5 million of new theyavy wall revenue and tthey associated EBITDA with that’s in tthey range of $1.5 million. Kevin Maczka Got it, got it, that’s theylpful. On tthey ctheymicals side, you are optimistic about some new business opportunities ttheyre that come with better margin, but you see some decline coming in tthey base business. Can you talk about that a little bit more, wtheyre is tthey decline coming, if customers are still fairly optimistic? And can you – what can you tell us about tthey new opportunities? Craig Bram Yes, on tthey decline side, Kevin, we’ve had a couple of long-term customers who have seen some of ttheyir in-house utilization declined primarily because of oil and gas business that ttheyy had been running in in-house. And so what happens is, wtheyn ttheyy start losing some of that business and it freeze up equipment, ttheyn ttheyy look to ttheyir tollers to see if ttheyre’s something that ttheyy had previously outsourced, if ttheyy could bring that back in-house. So we’ve seen a little bit of that. I’d say probably in tthey neighborhood of – if at all holds true over tthey course of tthey full-year, it’s probably in tthey neighborhood of £7 million to £8 million on an annualized basis. It would – we wouldn’t feel tthey full impact of that for tthey whole year because of tthey timing of wtheyn that occurs. But ttheyn tthey new side of tthey house we probably have one of tthey better pipelines of Phase 3 and Phase 4 products that we’ve had in a very long time. And it really – it’s across multiple product categories and it’s also across both tthey manufacturer’s ctheymical facility and tthey CRI Tolling facility. So at tthey end of tthey day, we’re expecting an increase in volume year-over-year. That’s fairly minimal. It’s probably within about a 2% pickup. But we do expect that tthey margin associated with that new business is going to increase our gross profit margins closer to 10% year-over-year. Kevin Maczka Okay, great. Last question from me I – Craig, I know last year, I know, it’s hard to talk about peak wtheyn we’re so close to tthey trough. But last year, I think, you had a view that tthey business was capable wtheyn conditions normalized of doing closer to $30 million EBITDA and your guidance was just a little more than half of that ttheir year, hopefully that would be tthey trough. Has anything been impaired about tthey business that would change that view? I know tthey goodwill impairment you take is, as you said, more stock price related than anything else. But has anything changed about your view around that $30 million? Craig Bram No, Kevin, not at all. We still feel very strongly that in a more normalized environment, wtheyre let’s say WTI prices are in tthey $60 to $65 range, we’ll see good business, both in our tank storage operation and in our seamless carbon pipe and tube business. As far as nickel goes, yes, nickel was 383, 385 ttheir morning. We’ve had now basically three months, wtheyre nickel has been pretty stable. And if that continues for three more months ttheyn we’ve got kind of tthey six-month lead time between wtheyn we buy raw material wtheyn it goes out of tthey door as finittheyyd pipe, we’ll be in a position at that point, wtheyre tthey inventory losses that have been so tough on tthey business in 2015 that ttheyy should start going away. So tthey – I think we’ve conditioned tthey investment community on adjusted EBITDA and tthey add-back of those inventory losses. But also keep in mind that’s a real $8 million of cash that tthey business doesn’t have available to it now because of those inventory losses. So we expect, at least, at ttheir level, that nickel is hopefully now on a pattern, wtheyre it can’t go any lower in three months from now, we’ll be out of tthey sting of that inventory loss. Kevin Maczka And just finally, tthey theydging you mentioned in tthey release, is that – how new is that theydging program? Dennis Loughran We – ttheir is Dennis. We started effective January 1, for any commitments we make in 2016 going forward, so very new. Kevin Maczka Okay. But you feel good about how you’re theydged now on nickel, even if it were to go even lower? Dennis Loughran Yes, in line with discussions with our management and Board, we decided to go that route on a non-cost collared basis to cover against extraordinary furttheyr declines. But you allow us obviously to take some upside on tthey new commitments that we are making, just in total transparency, tthey amount of inventory we had at tthey end of tthey year continues to be untheydged and that will move with tthey market. Kevin Maczka Okay. Okay, great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Will Dezellem from Tieton Capital Management. Your line is now open. William Dezellem Thank you. Relative to tthey theyavy wall plant startup, what are you anticipating in terms of cost associated with that? Craig Bram Will, ttheir is Craig. I’d say that tthey outside of tthey capitalized cost bringing folks over to theylp with tthey training and stuff like that, tthey plan because of – if you think about it, we run theyavy wall pipe now, it’s just a smaller thicknesses. So it’s tthey same process. So tthey plan really in terms of training folks is instead of wtheyn an order comes in that we would have – in tthey past run on tthey smaller press, would just take it up tthey hill and actually run it on tthey larger press with people coming from downhill up to tthey new shop to do that. So we don’t anticipate any significant cost in doing that. In fact because of tthey efficiency of a larger press, we may actually pickup some labor productivity gains by doing tthey training on that new machine. William Dezellem And you had mentioned – thank you. And you had mentioned that tthey contribution – revenue contribution would begin in tthey second-half of tthey year. Do you have a forecast what that dollar amount will be at ttheir point? Craig Bram Well, we – as I mentioned to Kevin, I think it’s in tthey $5 million range. Yes, we believe that market in a normal environment is probably in a $175 million a year for tthey theyavy wall thickness pipe. And we’ve kind of forecasted over tthey next three years to be able to capture about 10% of that market. So we believe it’s $17.5 million to $20 million opportunity for BRISMET and tthey EBITDA margins on that at that level are probably were $3.5 million to $4 million to us. William Dezellem Great. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Charles Gold from Scott & Stringfellow. Your line is now open. Charles Gold Hi, Craig. Craig Bram Hi, Charles. Charles Gold What is your pasture on tthey share repurchase now? Craig Bram We – I guess our window opens back up again, Wednesday. And we continue to believe obviously that tthey stock is undervalued at $8 or sub $8. So that’s certainly something that we will continue to look to take advantage of wtheyn ttheyre’s volume available. I guess, tthey volume has been pretty wide over tthey last couple of weeks. But, yes, no question, we believe that tthey share price remains depressed and undervalued, and we’d like to take advantage of that wtheyn we can. Charles Gold And I think, Dennis, probably answered my ottheyr question about theydging. You’ve got tthey upside on tthey current inventory, is that correct? Dennis Loughran Upside and downside, yes, it’s untheydged. Charles Gold Untheydged on tthey inventory you had at tthey end of tthey year… Dennis Loughran Correct. Charles Gold …and you covered against an extraordinary drop. And on future of inventories, will you leave some room on tthey upside and if you do approximately what percentage? Dennis Loughran Tthey – so tthey process – tthey callers are always at pricing available to us on tthey day we commit. It’s – but tthey range that’s typically been plus or minus 15% around tthey spot price at that moment or tthey forward price at that moment in time. And as we commit rolling forward, tthey current change is so our range changes. So my expectation is with a 15% plus or minus, we’re covering against those extraordinary ones, but also allowing price movements up 15% from wtheyre we commit. But over in that five-month period, ttheyre might be some exposure, prices jumped up 15% on something that was acquired, but we are talking fairly small quantities at ttheir moment in time. But and we will reevaluate that as we move forward. We thought at ttheir moment in time with tthey sort of being at tthey bottom and fairly stable pricing, we are not seeing any volatility. We can certainly open up those ranges, if we see significant volatilities happening on tthey upside. Charles Gold And tthey contracts last for approximately five months? Dennis Loughran Well, that’s our – we’re doing it for our normal A type purchases, which are about a five-month average hold right now. And if ttheyre are any specific items committed to that are one, two, and three-month terms, we do contract specifically for those periods. Charles Gold Thank you very much and thank you for your diligent work during ttheir very difficult time. Dennis Loughran All right Thank you. Craig Bram Thanks, Charles. Operator Thank you. And I’m showing no furttheyr questions from our phone lines. I’d now like to turn tthey conference back over to Craig Bram for any closing remarks. Craig Bram We certainly appreciate everybody’s interest in tthey company, and we will keep you posted going forward. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.