Synalloy Corporation (SYNL) Q1 2019 Earnings Conference Call April 30, 2019 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Craig Bram - President and CEO Dennis Loughran - CFO Conference Call Participants Mike Hugtheys - SGF Capital Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Synalloy Corporation's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today's presentation, Mr. Craig Bram, President and CEO of Synalloy Corporation. Sir, please begin. Craig Bram Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Synalloy Corporation's First Quarter 2019 Conference Call. As always, Dennis Loughran, our CFO, is with me today. Dennis will provide a review of tthey Q1 financials, and ttheyn I'll provide some comments on our business segments and tthey positive trends that we're seeing so far in 2019. We'll follow that up with opening tthey call to questions. Dennis? Dennis Loughran Thanks, Craig. Hello, everyone. As usual, tthey financial results were presented using three different methods. First, GAAP-based EPS; second, adjusted net income, a non-GAAP measure as defined in tthey earnings release; and third, adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure also defined in tthey earnings release. First quarter GAAP-based income was a net loss of $0.9 million or $0.10 per diluted share as compared with income of $3.8 million or $0.44 per share in tthey first quarter of 2018. First quarter non-GAAP adjusted net income was $0.6 million or $0.07 per diluted share as compared with adjusted net income of $3.7 million or $0.43 per diluted share in tthey first quarter of 2018. First quarter non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA totaled $4.8 million or 5.6% of sales compared to tthey prior year's first quarter total of $7.6 million or 13% of sales. As pointed out in tthey earnings release, inventory price change losses impacted results total on a pretax basis $3.4 million in tthey first quarter of 2019 compared to a gain of $2.5 million in last year's first quarter. On an after-tax basis, that represents a $4.1 million difference between tthey two quarters. Tthey combined adjusted EBITDA as a percent of sales for tthey operating businesses in tthey first quarter was 7.6% compared to tthey prior year's first quarter of 15.2%, tthey primary factor of tthey decline being tthey inventory price change differential. At tthey end of tthey first quarter, our outstanding borrowings against our ABL facility totaled $72.1 million, down $4.3 million from tthey December 31, 2018 total. Tthey decrease is primarily related to decreased working capital, primarily in tthey inventory category. Tthey calculated ABL facility remaining availability as of March 31, 2019, was approximately $25.2 million. In addition, tthey balance of tthey $20 million term loan drawn on January 1 to support tthey acquisition of ASTI stood at $19.3 million at tthey end of tthey first quarter 2019. I will now turn tthey call back over to Craig. Craig Bram Thanks, Dennis. Tthey company is off to a great start in 2019 as each of our business units performed in line with or exceeded tthey first quarter forecast for both revenue and earnings. As noted in tthey earnings release, we are reaffirming our guidance for 2019 and expect revenue totaling $340 million and adjusted EBITDA of $30 million. Tthey adjusted EBITDA forecast assumes cumulative inventory price change losses for tthey year of $3.4 million and negative manufacturing variances of $0.7 million. Increasing surcharges in April and May will generate inventory price change gains to theylp offset tthey Q1 losses, assuming tthey surcharges continue to hold up. In tthey Metals segment, we continue to make significant progress on multiple fronts. First, tthey ASTI acquisition was completed on January 1, and tthey integration of that unit has gone very well. Ttheyy'll be converted to our company-wide ERP system on June 1, providing tthey management team with tthey same timely information that's available in each of our business units. Combining tthey raw material purchases of ASTI with Bristol Metals has generated savings in line with expectations, and we are proceeding with sharing best practice production methods across ttheyse units as well. Turning to our storage business in West Texas. Throughput at that unit has increased in a rate of over 30% from tthey prior two quarters. Bottlenecks have been reduced and employee turnover has much improved. Some of tthey largest E&P companies, including Exxon and Ctheyvron, are committing greater resources to tthey Permian, with both Ctheyvron and Occidental pursuing an acquisition of Anadarko, a large holder of acreage in ttheir part of Texas. We expect higtheyr oil prices, both WTI and Brent, to jump-start drilling activity in tthey Gulf of Mexico, which will directly benefit tthey sales of theyavy wall, seamless carbon tube at our Houston operation. Recently, Specialty Pipe & Tube landed tthey largest order in tthey theirtory of that company. We will be manufacturing mechanical tubes that will be used in a parabolic solar field in tthey Middle East. Tthey order will be filled over tthey next 18 months or so, and while tthey size of tthey order is not on tthey scale of some of our project work in tthey Stainless Steel Pipe segment, it carries very attractive margins nonettheyless. Tthey welded stainless steel pipe market is off to an interesting start to tthey year. You will recall, ttheir time last year, tthey President was implementing tariffs across tthey steel industry. Considerable buying was taking place in advance of those tariffs, theylping to increase volume for both domestic and certain foreign manufacturers in tthey first quarter of last year. For example, South Korea is on a quota program, and ttheyy concentrated ttheyir shipments into tthey US early in 2018 and again in January of ttheir year. For tthey first quarter of ttheir year, volume in tthey North American welded stainless steel pipe market was down about 13% over tthey first quarter of last year. Bristol Metals volume was down only 7%, resulting in an increase in market share of approximately 370 basis points. While volume was down from last year, we do not believe it is an indication of lower end market demand but simply timing related to tthey tariffs last year. We have secured several distributor inventory stock buys in April, totaling upwards of $9 million and are quoting on several more. Product mix was very positive in tthey first quarter, with special alloy sales at a higtheyr percentage of total sales than ttheyy've been for some time. All in all, except for tthey inventory price change losses, ttheyre was much to like in tthey Metals segment in Q1. Tthey Ctheymicals segment continued to post organic growth in revenue and earnings in Q1, and we expect more of tthey same for tthey remainder of 2019. Tthey capital projects to expand our biocide capacity at CRI is underway, and we've had success in adding new business to our blending operation in MC. Before opening tthey call to questions, I want to comment on Privet's interest in acquiring tthey company. As outlined in our response letter last Friday, tthey Board believes that Privet's valuation is inadequate. Simply put, if we are to sell tthey company, our shareholders deserve a higtheyr price. I've spoken with several of our largest shareholders, and ttheyy agree with tthey Board's position. We will certainly keep you updated should anything new develop. We'll now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We have a question or comment from tthey line of Mike Hugtheys from SGF Capital. Mike Hugtheys I apologize, I missed your prepared comments because I was on anottheyr call, so maybe you've addressed some of ttheyse questions. Tthey first one being tthey backlog from BRISMET of almost $44 million, does that include tthey Galvanized acquisition? Or is that kind of a like-for-like number? Dennis Loughran It should include all of BRISMET, which includes Galvanized. Mike Hugtheys Okay. So if you strip out tthey Galvanized number, what was tthey backlog? Dennis Loughran I have not broken that into tthey components, I'll have to dig in and [indiscernible] answer after tthey call. Mike Hugtheys Okay. On tthey last call, which was in early March, I think you said tthey backlog stood at a little less than $30 million. Was that number excluding tthey Galvanized acquisition? Because if it included it, it implies that March order growth was really, really strong. Dennis Loughran Yes. So like I said, we'll pin that down and provide tthey appropriate answer to that. I believe it should have always included all of BRISMET. Mike Hugtheys Okay. Can you just comment on March and April order trends for BRISMET? Craig Bram Yes, Mike, tthey -- we've seen tthey orders pick up most recently. As I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, we've got a number of stock buys that have showed up in April. We booked about $9 million of stock buys just ttheir month, and we've got several ottheyr larger ones that we're quoting on. So we've seen a pickup in activity. If you look at tthey imports, ttheyy were very strong in January, most of that coming from South Korea. But we gained a market share -- actually, tthey domestics gained market share over tthey imports during that period of time and we picked up market share as well. Mike Hugtheys Right. And Korea, were ttheyy in tthey market in tthey -- I'm trying to remember how tthey quarter works with Korea. I guess ttheyy were out of tthey market in tthey second half of last year and now ttheyy're back into tthey market, until ttheyy hit ttheyir quota again. Is that right? Craig Bram That's exactly right. Ttheyy shipped theyavily in tthey first 3 or 4 months of last year and ttheyy shipped very theyavily in January. But if ttheyy follow tthey same trend, ttheyy'll be out in tthey market again probably by June. Mike Hugtheys Okay. And ttheyn tthey guidance that you gave in late December of '18, and I'm speaking to tthey EBITDA, did that assume that ttheyre would be tthey inventory loss of almost $4 million at tthey time? Or is that an adjustment as you move through tthey first quarter?  Craig Bram We don't forecast nickel profits or nickel losses. So on an apples-to-apples basis, if you look at 2018, adjusting out tthey inventory profits, we are at roughly 28 million of EBITDA, and tthey forecast for ttheir year was 34 million excluding any inventory profits or losses. Mike Hugtheys Okay. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr question, on tthey inventory loss or gain number. I know you always talk about tthey surcharge. What about tthey underlying cost of steel? How does that function or play into that number, if at all? Craig Bram I'd say that tthey pricing has been more aggressive in tthey first quarter of ttheir year primarily because ttheyre's been some additional product in tthey distribution channel. Ttheyre was some consolidation among a couple of master distributors that resulted in -- one of tthey masters buying anottheyr master, and so ttheyy've got more inventory than ttheyy've typically had. And you also had some folks, again, buying maybe a little bit speculatively towards tthey end of last year.  So tthey pricing generally in tthey welded stainless steel pipe market has been a little more aggressive ttheir year than it was last year. And ttheyn couple that with tthey fact that surcharges are down, tthey total selling price on a per pound basis, on tthey commodity product, tthey 304 and tthey 316, is certainly lower than it was ttheir time last year. But tthey difference for Bristol Metals is we're selling a lot more special alloy product in tthey first quarter, so tthey mix and tthey margin on those products offset tthey more aggressive pricing on tthey commodity alloys. Mike Hugtheys Do you have tthey specialty alloy mix from a pound perspective in tthey first quarter? Craig Bram First quarter on a sales basis, it was about 21%. On a pounds basis, it was about 12%. Mike Hugtheys Okay. So tthey 12% is up significantly from tthey first quarter of last year, which, in my notes, I have at 3.5%. Is that correct? Craig Bram That's right. Mike Hugtheys Okay. And ttheyn just moving on to Palmer. Tthey backlog was down to $15 million. I guess tthey throughputs increased. If you've already addressed ttheir, I can go back and read it. But how did tthey order rate look throughout tthey quarter? Craig Bram Order rate has been good. We've just done a much better job of putting tthey tanks through tthey facility. We eliminated some bottlenecks, specifically in tthey paint blast area. And our turnover -- you guys might recall, we made some adjustments to our pay rates out ttheyre in tthey second half of last year to try and cant down tthey level of employee turnover, and we had some success ttheyre. So tthey throughput has been really strong throughout tthey first quarter. And probably in April, ttheyy will set a record in terms of a revenue base of tthey storage -- in tthey storage tank business. Mike Hugtheys And how did tthey profitability look at Palmer on a year-over-year basis? Was it up or down? Craig Bram It's up quite a bit. Mike Hugtheys Okay. And ttheyn moving on to tthey Ctheymicals division. I believe tthey revenue was down year-over-year as was profitability. And ttheyre is new business that I think ramped in tthey second half. So can you just speak to that? Craig Bram Yes. Tthey revenue -- we had organic growth again in tthey first quarter, and profits are actually up wtheyn you strip out tthey -- we picked up a fairly sizeable payment on a legal claim that we had in tthey first quarter of last year. So if you strip that out, you'll see tthey increase in profit as well. We've got some good stuff coming online. Tthey biocide project is underway out at CRI, and that's in direct response to four existing customers that need us to generate more volume and one new customer. And over on tthey MC side, we're bringing in additional blending business, which, you may recall, that was an area wtheyre we had some excess capacity. Mike Hugtheys Okay. And what's tthey margin target -- tthey full year margin target for tthey Ctheymicals division? Craig Bram On that EBITDA margin? Mike Hugtheys Eittheyr EBITDA or operating? Craig Bram Tthey EBITDA margin target is going to be in tthey 10% to 11% range. I don't have tthey gross profit margin numbers handy. I don't know if, Dennis, you can put your fingers on that or we can get back to Mike later. Mike Hugtheys Okay. That's fine. And ttheyn one last question. I saw that tthey ASTI acquisition performed above your expectations. I think ttheyre was probably an inventory mark-to-market loss in tthey quarter. Number one, is that correct? Two, did you adjust for that in tthey EBITDA number? Craig Bram Yes. You're talking about tthey big acquisition charge at ASTI. I think it's like a $1.3 million that's related to adjusting tthey inventory, Dennis? Dennis Loughran Yes. So in our adjusted EBITDA, that total number includes about $1.35 million related to tthey inventory, yes. Mike Hugtheys Okay. So it was adjusted for. Okay. Operator [Operator Instructions] I'm showing no additional audio questions in tthey queue at ttheir time. I'd like to turn tthey conference back over to management for any closing remarks. Craig Bram As always, we appreciate your interest and look forward to sharing more information with you over tthey next couple of months. Thanks very much. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir concludes tthey program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.