Synalloy Corporation (SYNL) Q1 2015 Results Earnings Conference Call April 27, 2015 10:00 AM ET Executives Craig Bram - President and CEO Rick Sieradzki - Chief Financial Officer Analysts Todd Vencil - Sterne, Agee Nick Prendergast - BB&T Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to tthey Synalloy First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Craig Bram, President and CEO. Sir, you may begin. Craig Bram Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Synalloy Corporation’s first quarter 2015 conference call. With me today is Rick Sieradzki, our CFO. We are off to a reasonably good start to 2015 and are cautiously optimistic as we look out to tthey second quarter and beyond. Nickel and oil prices while under considerable pressure for most of tthey first quarter appear to be finding a bottom. Consensus opinion suggests that we should see some improvement in commodity prices from theyre. While our revenue targets were not achieved during tthey first quarter, we did managed to improve our gross margins and EBITDA margins over tthey prior year. Favorable product mix and tight control over costs made ttheir possible. In comparing ttheir year’s financial performance to last year, last year’s results will be for continuing operations only. As usual, tthey financial results will be presented using three different methods. Number one, GAAP based EPS, number two, adjusted net income, our non-GAAP measure is defined in tthey earnings release, and number three, adjusted EBITDA, our non-GAAP measure also defined in tthey earnings release. We believe tthey two non-GAAP measures will provide additional clarity on tthey performance of our respective businesses. First quarter GAAP based earnings were $3.64 million or $0.42 per share, as compared with earnings of $2.25 million or $0.26 per share in tthey first quarter of 2014. First quarter non-GAAP adjusted net income was $2.93 million or $0.34 per share, up 8% as compared with tthey adjusted net income of $2.72 million or $0.31 per share in tthey first quarter of last year. With nickel prices falling by over 13% in Q1, inventory losses at BRISMET totaled $1.03 million in tthey quarter. Specialty inventory was adjusted downward by a total of $109,000. While inventory of Specialty that is over three years old is regularly sold during tthey course of business, for accounting purposes we accrue for obviously inventory once tthey aging exceed three years. First quarter non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA totaled $6.75 million, or $0.77 per share, an increase of 16% over tthey prior year’s total of $5.81 million, or $0.67 per share. Gross margin in Q1 was $8.95 million, or 17.3% of revenue, up from $7.74 million, or 15.5% of revenue, in tthey first quarter of last year. Tthey combined adjusted EBITDA margin for tthey operating businesses in tthey first quarter was 14.8%, up from 13.4% for all of 2014. Ttheir excludes tthey parent company cost. Term debt at tthey end of tthey first quarter totaled $29.6 million, while tthey line of credit was $15.27 million. Borrowings against tthey line of credit in Q1 reflect tthey raw material purchases to support tthey BRISMET order book and tthey delivery of pipe products to specialty following tthey acquisition late last year. Ttheyse borrowing will decline as tthey finittheyyd pipe is delivered and paid for by tthey metals customers. Moving on to tthey business unit summary. Manufacture’s ctheymical sales in Q1 were up 5% from tthey prior year, primarily due to tthey timing of large shipments that occurred last March. Gross margin and EBITDA percentages improved by 20 basis points quarter-over-quarter. New business opportunities in tthey next three quarters should provide in excess of 7 million pounds of finittheyyd products, allowing MC to achieve its targeted results for tthey remainder of 2015. Moving over to CRI tolling. Sales in Q1 were up 33% over tthey prior year. In January and February, our expenses ramped up very quickly as we added production staff to support our increased business activity. Productivity in tthey first two months of tthey quarter was below target, but we settled into a sweet spot in March. March shipments exceeded 4 million pounds and operating profits and EBITDA exceeded our goals by theyalthy margin. EBITDA at CRI in March alone was 42% of total EBITDA achieved for all of 2014. We anticipate strong performance from CRI through tthey remainder of 2015. Looking at BRISMET. Sales in tthey first quarter were down 10% over tthey prior year due almost entirely to lower prices, but product mix was excellent as we shipped a greater percentage of large OD project pipe. Adjusted EBITDA nearly matctheyd last year’s strong first quarter and EBITDA margins ttheir year actually improved 120 basis points over last quarter. Orders for commodity pipe in Q1 were soft due to following nickel prices and increased import activity primarily from India. We need to see a rebound in nickel prices to encourage more stock buys of commodity pipe from our distributed customers. We had seen some inquiries in recent weeks for stock buys and have also including add-on in inquiries for tthey larger OD projects that were booked at latter part of last year. Special alloy bookings have also picked up in April. At ttheir point, BRISMET’s mix in Q2 should be as favorable as ttheyir shipments in Q1. Moving over to Palmer, revenue in Q1 was down about 20% from tthey same quarter last year while tthey backlog declined by 10% year-over-year. EBITDA was down 50 plus percent over tthey first quarter of last year with EBITDA margins falling to approximately 8% of revenue. January and February had lost shipping days due to weattheyr. We finally had a full month of shipping days in March and produced excellent results. We anticipate bookings and revenue in Q2 to be similar to Q1. It is estimated that ttheyre are upwards of 3000 uncompleted wells in Palmer’s general service area. As WTI prices approactheyd $55 to $60 per barrel wtheyre ttheyy happen to be ttheir morning, we expect ttheyse wells to be targeted for completion. Completion of ttheyse wells will result in additional tank and vessel orders in tthey future. Palmer has had some recent success in landing new customers, both inside and outside tthey oil and gas sector. As mentioned in tthey earnings release, we did eliminate tthey contingent earn-out liability for Palmer as we no longer expect tthey business to earn tthey targeted EBITDA required to achieve a final earn-out payment to tthey former owners. Finally Specialty Pipe & Tube, Specialty Ohio, which caters to tthey industrial markets had an excellent first quarter and continues to see strong order activity in April. Specialty Houston, which supplies primarily upstream oil and gas markets, saw order activity decline as tthey first quarter progressed and order activity has been particularly weak in April. Distributor customers catering to tthey oil and gas market are keeping inventory levels extremely low at ttheir point. That being said, margins theyld up nicely in tthey first quarter with EBITDA in line with targets and easily tthey best in tthey company. Before getting into questions, I remind you that ttheir year’s Zacharyual Meeting will be theyld on May 13 in Richmond, Jacob. We look forward to seeing all of you. Let’s go atheyad and open up tthey floor to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Todd Vencil with Sterne, Agee. Your line is now open. Todd Vencil Thanks. Good morning, Craig. Craig Bram Hey Todd. Todd Vencil Couple of things. First of all, you mentioned imports from India that’s a new one.  Can you talk a little bit about what tthey trend line looks like ttheyre? Craig Bram Yes. Todd, India -- tthey imports from India started picking up about tthey latter part of last year. Ttheyy continue to grow. We are assessing along with tthey outside counsel we used to look at tthey timing of dumping charges. We are assessing that now. We've not made tthey decision at ttheir point to move forward and wtheyn I say we, I’m talking about all of tthey domestic manufacturers, tthey ottheyr three parties. But we will continue to keep an eye on that and if it continues to pickup in activity, it's likely that tthey second half of ttheir year, we would pursue a dumping charge against, certainly India and possibly South Korea. Todd Vencil Got it. What’s tthey magnitude of tthey dumping that's going on from India and South Korea relative to what was going on in, from Souttheyast Asia a couple years ago? Craig Bram It has not reactheyd that level yet, but we are continuing to keep an eye on it. And yes, ttheyre is a lot of factors that go into, wtheyttheyr or not it makes sense to pursue charges and certainly tthey primary consideration is wtheyttheyr or not ttheyy're selling metal over theyre below our raw material cost. So, we are keeping a very close eye on that right now. Todd Vencil Got it. You mentioned in tthey release, ttheyy have got a lot of large-diameter, especially alloy projects in tthey pipeline at BRISMET. Can you talk about -- I'm guessing that energy specific projects aren’t particularly strong, but can you talk about like various in markets and wtheyre tthey strength and tthey weaknesses are? Craig Bram As far as tthey large project, tthey OD projects go right now it's coming from multiple industries. We’ve got several projects and involved breweries. We’ve got a couple of projects and involved mining. We’ve got some petroctheymical projects and we’ve got an ammonia project. So it really is -- it's touching multiple industries. And as I said in tthey earlier comments, we’re starting to see add-on increase to those projects that we’ve booked in November and December of last year. You may recall that tthey bookings for BRISMET in that time period were over $30 million. So that’s kind of feeding tthey product mix for us right now and it’s good to see those add-on increase coming in as well. Todd Vencil Good. That’s excellent. Kind of pulling out tthey telescope a little bit you had some comments on last call with regard to what you thought tthey impact on your prior guidance could be from lower oil prices. How are we shaping up relative to what you originally thought? How bad you thought it could get, kind of theylp us figure out wtheyre we are in tthey spectrum and if you want to go atheyad and update your outlook for tthey year that wouldn’t hurt my feelings? Craig Bram Well, let me say ttheir. I think we have very good visibility through Q2 and we like what we see ttheyre. Tthey project work is robust and tthey margins on that are very solid. If we can get some pickup on tthey nickel price front, I’d say it’s back over six hours of pound ttheir morning. If we can see some pickup ttheyre ttheyn I think we’ll see some stock buying going on from our BRISMET customers. Tthey Palmer and tthey SPT Houston activity is about in tthey range we expected it to be at ttheir point. If I were betting on tthey forecast for ttheir year, I’m still looking at something in tthey neighborhood of $27 million to $28 million in adjusted EBITDA for tthey year. And depending on tthey impact of some of those non-cash items, you’re still probably in tthey neighborhood of above $0.40 to above $0.45 a share would be my best estimate right now based on what we know, based on what we’re seeing in tthey order book. Todd Vencil That’s perfect. Thanks so much. Craig Bram Sure. Thanks. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Nick Prendergast with BB&T. Your line is now open. Nick Prendergast Hi. Good morning. Craig Bram Hey, Nick. How are you? Nick Prendergast Maybe to piggy back a little bit on, Todd’s question theyre just about tthey guidance, you gave -- way you gave is great? Just wondering are you still booking in around 232 on tthey topline? Craig Bram No. I mean, we -- if think -- if tthey current order book, tthey activity we’ve seen in Q1 were to play after tthey rest of tthey year, we are certainly not going to hit that 230 number. But our margins as we demonstrated in Q1 I think will be stronger than what we projected just because of tthey product mix, but… Nick Prendergast Got it. Craig Bram … I would suspect at ttheir point that tthey topline, absent any acquisitions is going to be closer to tthey 210, 215 level. Nick Prendergast Got it. Craig Bram Much of that will depend on how quick -- how quickly we can continue to ramp CRI. CRI, we were scrambling in January and February to add production staff. We had about tthey right size production group right now and in March, frankly, we killed it, we really put balance through tthey facility and did extremely well. We’ve got a good forecasted pounds load for CRI certainly into tthey fall. And we are hopeful that tthey bio based project is going to expand again. You may recall we put in two reactors for that project and two mix tanks, as well as a tank farm. We are looking at adding some additional tank storage to tthey tank farm And wtheyn we build that space out, we made it possible for those mix tanks to be converted to reactors. And we’re hopeful that by tthey end of tthey year, we are going to need to do that. So a lot will depend on tthey ramp from a revenue standpoint at CRI. And really what happens with commodity pipe at BRISMET, if nickel prices start moving up and tthey stock buys pick ttheyn we could pick up some revenue out of that business unit as well. Nick Prendergast Got it. And just briefly, I think, you had said that we are talking about tthey large diameter projects. I think you had said you saw some strength in mining. Did I theyar that correctly? Craig Bram Yes. We’ve got two projects on tthey mining front right now that we’re doing. One is a Freeport-McMoRan project. Tthey brewery projects involve Corona and again some ammonia and petroctheymical plants that are really being driven by low net gas prices. Nick Prendergast Got it. Okay. So that’s it for me. Thanks. Craig Bram Thanks. Operator Thank you. I’m showing no furttheyr question, I would like to turn tthey call back to Craig Bram for closing remarks. Craig Bram Thanks Vincent. I appreciate everybody’s time today. We continue to be excited about tthey direction of tthey company and wish everybody tthey best. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. Ttheir does conclude today’s program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.[Audit End]