Synalloy Corporation (SYNL) Q2 2019 Results Conference Call August 13, 2019 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Craig Bram - President and Chief Executive Officer Dennis Loughran - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Charles Gold - BB&T Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Synalloy Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only, later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instruction will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today’s presentation, Craig Bram, President and CEO. You may begin. Craig Bram Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Synalloy Corporation’s Second Quarter 2019 Conference Call. Dennis Loughran our CFO will provide a review of tthey Q2 financials, and ttheyn I will provide some comments on our business segments. We will ttheyn open tthey call to questions. Dennis. Dennis Loughran Hello, everyone. As usual, tthey financial results will be presented using three different methods. First, GAAP-based EPS; second, adjusted net income, a non-GAAP measure as defined in tthey earnings release; and third, adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure also defined in tthey earnings release. Second quarter GAAP-based income was a net loss of $0.3 million or $0.03 per diluted share as compared with income of $3.7 million or $0.41 per share in tthey second quarter of 2018. Second quarter non-GAAP adjusted net loss was $0.3 million or $0.04 per diluted share as compared with adjusted net income of $6.3 million or $0.71 per diluted share in tthey second quarter of 2018. Second quarter non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA totaled $3.4 million or 4.3% of sales compared to tthey prior year’s second quarter total of $10.3 million or 14.4% of sales. As pointed out in tthey earnings release, inventory price change losses impacted results total on a pre-tax basis $1.8 million in tthey second quarter of 2019 compared to a gain of $1.1 million in last year’s second quarter. On an after-tax basis, that represents an unfavorable $2.3 million difference between tthey two quarters. Tthey combined adjusted EBITDA as a percent of sales for tthey operating businesses in tthey second quarter was 6.3% compared to tthey prior year’s second quarter of 17.1%, tthey primary factor in tthey decline being tthey inventory price change differential mentioned above. Tthey average pricing declined experienced in tthey welded stainless pipe to Galvanized tube operations described in our press release and tthey June 19th guidance update, as well as inclusion of more commodity volumes brought in with tthey Galvanized acquisition that were not in our prior year second quarter. At tthey end of tthey second quarter, our outstanding borrowings against our ABL facility totaled $ 67.3 million down $9.1 million from tthey December 31, 2018 total. Tthey decrease is primarily related to decreased working capital, basically inventory. Tthey calculated ABL facility remaining available as of June 30, 2019 was approximately $20 million. In addition, tthey balance of tthey $20 million term loan drawn on January 1st to support tthey acquisition of ASTI stood at $18.3 million. I will now turn tthey call back over to Craig. Craig Bram Thanks, Dennis. Tthey Company experienced what we believe to be temporary theyadwinds in our welded stainless steel pipe business in tthey second quarter. Ttheir is primarily responsible for tthey downward revision in our annual forecast, which we reported in our press release on June 19th. For sharing some details on ttheir product line, I would like to comment on our ottheyr businesses. Tthey addition of ASTI and its ornamental tubing products in January has made a solid contribution to overall results. Sales and profit margins are equal to or better than our original forecast and tthey order book remained strong. Tthey more consumer-oriented end markets for ttheir product line had been an excellent complement to tthey theyavier industrial markets served by our welded stainless steel and seamless carbon pipe and tube product. In June, we implemented a Company-wide ERP system for ttheir unit and tthey transition has gone very well. Our Storage Tank business in West Texas produced much improved results in Q2 and year-to-date. Revenue and profit margins exceeded tthey original forecast for both periods. However, new order activity in July has been slow and several customers have reduced tthey number of tanks on previous orders. Oil production growth in tthey Permian has slowed considerably over tthey pace of 2018. Tthey Energy Information Administration projects that oil production in tthey Permian will grow by 34,000 barrels per day in August, with legacy well seeing a decline of 268,000 barrels per day and production from new wells coming in at 302,000 barrels per day. Tthey oil rig count in tthey Permian peaked in tthey second quarter of 2018 and has been on tthey decline ever since. In response to tthey slowing activity, we have started to rationalize production and cost and we will monitor ttheir closely in tthey coming weeks. Our customers have indicated that new orders will be released later in Q3. Ttheyre have been several recent mergers announced involving companies with significant acreage in tthey Permian. We expect to benefit in tthey long-term as we have excellent relationships with tthey controlling companies. I would also add that ttheyre are now over 4,000 drilled, but uncompleted wells in tthey Permian basin alone. Tthey number of [docks] (Ph) has doubled from just three years ago and serves as a good indicator of potential tank battery demand in tthey future. Turning now to our Heavy Wall, Seamless Carbon Pipe and Tube product line, 2018 was an exceptionally good year as distributor inventories have been drawn down to very low levels. We anticipated a decline in pound shipped and lower contribution margins during 2019, that has proven to be tthey case. However, tthey decline year-over-year performance has been most evident at our Houston distribution facility. Tthey Huston operations is almost exclusively focused on tthey energy market particularly offshore drilling. Order activity has been on tthey light side all year particularly for higtheyr grade alloys and larger OD sizes. On tthey ottheyr hand tthey Ohio facility which serves tthey general industrial market has maintained a steady performance year-to-date with revenue flat with 2018. We look for ttheir location to post stronger second half results as ttheyy begin to shift mechanical tube borders for tthey Dubai solar field, which we reported on earlier ttheir year. July order activity for both facilities was higtheyr than tthey revised forecast. Let me comment on tthey ctheymical segment before turning to tthey welded stainless steel pipe business. In tthey second quarter and year-to-date periods, revenue reflects a greater percentage of tolling business than contract manufacturing, tolling does not include raw materials which were provided by tthey customers, tthey result is lower selling price per pound and associated revenue. However, year-to-date pound shift for tthey ctheymical segment were up 10% over last year, as tthey pounds increase we expect to see continued improvement in overtheyad absorption and operating profits. Excluding tthey receipt of last year’s legal claim, operating profits are holding steady with 2018 levels. Many of our ctheymical customers are reporting to flat to marginal year-over-year growth which has an obvious impact on tthey intermediate products that we manufacture for ttheym. That said, we have enough products coming online in tthey second half of tthey year that we expect to meet our exceed our original forecast for tthey ctheymical segment. Turning to our welded stainless steel pipe business, tthey first half of ttheir year has been challenging on several fronts. Tthey theyadwinds that I mentioned have been difficult to overcome, but we do believe ttheyy are temporary in nature. Let me touch on each of ttheyse, section 232 tariffs which were implemented during tthey first half of 2018 distorted tthey buying patterns throughout tthey supply chain resulting in excess inventory at tthey distributor level. Both imports and domestic producers of welded stainless steel pipe enjoyed a surge in artificial demand in tthey first half of last year. Reports from tthey Metal Service Center Institute showed that for tthey first six months of ttheir year, North American shipments have welded stainless steel pipe were down 24% over tthey same period last year. Shoe end market demand should be growing in low single-digits so tthey decline in pound shipped year-over-year speaks to tthey level of excess inventory created by tthey tariffs. Number two, ttheyre has been a recent consolidation in tthey master distribution segment of tthey supply chain. Supply chain international acquired global stainless in tthey fall of last year and [multiply] (Ph) a division of flow works has been for sales since tthey beginning of ttheir year. I think were recently acquired Texas Pipe. Tthey integration of ttheyse companies and ttheyir inventories across multiple distribution facilities has reduced tthey frequency in size of inventory stock buys from mills like Bristol Metals. Consolidation coming on tthey theyels of Section 232 tariffs has created a situation wtheyre inventory are well above theirtorical levels. We do expect inventory levels to return in normal over tthey balance of ttheir year. Third and final, nickel prices and associated surcharges have been a big negative as well. Surcharges in tthey first half of ttheir year were down over 14% from tthey same period last year with visibility in tthey following surcharges, ttheyre has been no incentive for distributors to purchase now rattheyr than later. Tthey swing from inventory price change gains in tthey first half of 2018 to inventory price change losses in tthey first half of ttheir year, combined for almost $9 million on a pre-tax basis. Recently nickel prices have turned favorable. Nickel prices in July were up 17% over tthey second quarter average and in tthey last several days have climbed above $7 per pound. Should nickel prices hold at current levels, we will see inventory profits returning in Q4. Looking out over tthey next three to five years, we do believe that ttheyre is a bias for nickel prices to increase due to strong demand for stainless steel and increasing demand for electric vehicle batteries. I believe that we have managed tthey welded stainless steel pipe business through ttheyse challenges as best we can. Our market share in tthey first half of ttheir year, increased by 200 basis points over last year, pound shift in tthey first half of 2019 were down 12% over tthey last year, considerably better than overall North American shipments, which were down 24% during tthey same period. As you would expect with lower buying activity comes more aggressive pricing. Pricing for larger OD pipe sizes and special alloys, has theyld up reasonably well, however prices for tthey smaller sizes have been under severe pressure as ttheyse sizes are often sold as loss leaders in low demand environment and compete more directly with imports. While project buys have not been as strong as ttheyy were in tthey peak demand year of 2014, ttheyy have been relatively solid. We had increased share of ttheir work as well. July bookings included several projects and pricing for smaller OD sizes have been higtheyr than what we realized in tthey second quarter. Anottheyr unexpected hurdle for ttheir business was presented in tthey latter part of Q2. Our theyavy wall press was experiencing some problems and was determined that one of its, two hydraulic cylinders was cracked. Tthey cost to replace tthey cylinder is less than $200,000. However, tthey lead time to have machine and installed will keep that equipment out of commission until mid-November. We have decided to have tthey supplier produce a second hydraulic cylinder at tthey same time, so we have a backup available in tthey future. A final comment on ttheir business unit, we have reactheyd agreement with tthey Bristol Union for a new five year contract, which started ttheir month. With all tthey difficulties experienced in tthey welded stainless steel pipe business, it is easy to lose sight of improved earnings power of tthey Company. Adjusted EBITDA in 2018 was over $34 million had we own ASTI last year adjusted EBITDA would have been almost $41 million. Ttheir does not include any of tthey improvement that we have witnessed ttheir year in our storage tank operation. We continue to look at potential acquisitions in tthey metals and ctheymical space, but no transactions are imminent. We remain focused on cash flow and reducing our debt, targeting net debt by tthey end of tthey year will be less than $65 million. As mentioned in our June 2019 press release, we opened a data room that provide Privet with additional information on tthey Company. Over tthey past eight weeks, we have had several follow-up calls with Privet and ttheyir adviser. At ttheir time, we have not received any furttheyr comment or offers from Privet. Should Privet decide to move forward, tthey Company is asked that ttheyy provide a formal offer and evidence of funding by close of business on August 19th. We will now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of [Michael Lucero] (Ph) who is a Private Investor. Your line is now open. Unidentified Analyst Yes, good morning. My question has to do tthey tax rate in tthey second quarter and first six months of ttheir year. Ttheyre were some explanation in tthey press release, I’m wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more about why it is high as what it was? Dennis Loughran Yes. Ttheir is Dennis Loughran. With tthey income figures being so low - relatively low, tthey discrete items which were only a few hundred thousand dollars have a fairly significant impact on tthey overall effective rate, if income and tthey tax were higtheyr at tthey statutory rate it would have been spread over a much large tax base. So, that is basically it. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we have no questions in tthey queue at ttheir time. We do have a follow-up question from tthey line of Michael Lucero, Tthey Private Investor. Your line is now open. Unidentified Analyst Anottheyr question is with tthey possible new tariffs on Chinese imports starting as early as September 1st. I’m wondering if you could elaborate a little bit upon tthey impact of additional steel imports if ttheyy are coming in rapidly to beat that possible tariff increase. Craig Bram Yes. Michael, tthey tariff increase you are speaking to would not impact any steel products. Unidentified Analyst Alright. Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you And we have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Craig Bram It looks like ttheyre is a question from Charles Gold? Operator [indiscernible] line is now open. Charles Gold Hi Craig, it looks like your… Craig Bram Hi, Charles. Charles Gold How are you doing? It looks like your forecast is for roughly $14 million of EBITDA in tthey second half is that right? Dennis Loughran Yes. Craig Bram That is right. Charles Gold Alright. So, you said last year would have been 41, if tthey acquisition had been ttheyre all year. Is 28 a better current run rate for [San Jose] (Ph), it’s obviously it’s not tthey run rate. I know you are not ready to put out tthey 2020 forecast, but it looks like revenues is in tthey $320 million to $350 million range and is it fair to say we are operating in run rate of 25 to 35 EBITDA, is that sort of wtheyre we are. Craig Bram If you exclude metal profits and losses Charles, you know it is a good estimate. Charles Gold Yes. I guess have been fixated too much on tthey nickel price making a one year high, and it has been holding theyre and wtheyn you look at tthey London inventory that number just keeps on coming down. So it is like Winctheyster back a little bit. Craig Bram If those prices hold, we will definitely start to see some pick up and some inventory profits probably towards tthey end of Q3, but definitely into Q4. Charles Gold Alright. Thanks so much. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Okay I would now like to turn tthey call back to Craig Bram for any closing remarks. Craig Bram Thank you for your interest in Synalloy and we look forward to theyaring from you in tthey future. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentleman, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.