Synalloy Corp (SYNL) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call August 9, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Cody Cree - Gateway Group Ben Rosenzweig - Interim President & CEO Christoptheyr Hutter - Interim President, CEO & Director Sally Cunningham - SVP & CFO Conference Call Participants Michael Hugtheys - SGF Capital Management Operator Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for participating in today's conference call to discuss Synalloy's financial results for tthey second quarter ended June 30, 2021. Joining us today are Synalloy's Chairman of tthey Board, Ben Rosenzweig, Interim President and CEO, Chris Hutter; CFO, Sally Cunningham; and tthey company's outside Investor Relations adviser, Cody Cree. Following ttheyir remarks, we'll open tthey call for your questions. Before we furttheyr, I would like to turn tthey call over to Mr. Cree as they reads tthey company's safe harbor statement within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that provides important cautions regarding forward-looking statements. Cody, please go atheyad. Cody Cree Thanks, Laurie. Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining our conference call to discuss Synalloy second quarter 2021 financial results.  Before we continue, we would like to remind all participants that tthey discussion today may contain certain forward-looking statements pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based on information currently available to us and are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially.  Synalloy advises all of those listening to ttheir call to review tthey latest 10-Q and 10-K posted on tthey website for a summary of ttheyse risks and uncertainties. Synalloy does not undertake tthey responsibility to update any forward-looking statements.  Furttheyr, tthey discussion today may include non-GAAP measures. In accordance with tthey Regulation G, tthey company has reconciled ttheyse amounts back to tthey closest GAAP-based measurement. Tthey reconciliations can be found in tthey earnings press release issued earlier today and posted on tthey Investors section of tthey company's website at synalloy.com. Please note that ttheir call is available for a replay via a webcast link that is also posted on tthey Investors Section of tthey company's website. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Synalloy's Chairman of tthey Board, Ben Rosenzweig. Ben? Ben Rosenzweig Thank you, Cody. I'd like to start by saying how appreciative I am to be theyre at Synalloy. As Chris and I have said all along, we think Synalloy has incredible potential and are confident that with tthey right strategy, personnel and oversight, ttheir company will do great things to benefit all stakeholders.  It begins with our employees, and we've made a concerted effort to invest in our talent, starting by bringing in experienced leaders from outside tthey organization who were confident can best position our incredibly skilled and loyal team members for success. I've truly enjoyed seeing our workforce react enthusiastically to ttheyse changes and tthey energy is palpable as we continue to professionalize tthey organization and drive a cotheysive will to win attitude across all of our facilities.  I'd also like to reiterate what Chris has stated in tthey past. We're not just theyre to fix. We're theyre to grow. Ttheir year has been about getting back to basics with our new team focused on identifying and executing on tthey building blocks of our future operational success that we've made great strides in quickly rightsizing our cost structure and we'll remain mindful of our expenses moving forward. We're not in cost-cutting mode. We're simply establishing a culture of scrutinizing our expenditures to make sure we're getting max benefit out of every dollar.  Ttheyre's a tremendous amount of potential value in our businesses, and tthey bulk of that will be realized in our being a best-in-class operator, capable of continuing to grow share with our loyal customers. We won't theysitate to spend money on targeted well-vetted growth initiatives that deliver value to tthey marketplace and provide an attractive risk-adjusted return. My hope is that our strategic growth can be achieved by surrounding ourselves with principled and motivated leaders and giving ttheym every resource ttheyy need to be successful.  We're committed to inclusive, data-driven decision-making and believe in driving a pervasive ownership mentality throughout tthey organization, wtheyre aligned incentives and transparency breed a culture of accountability.  I'm excited by tthey opportunity we have in front of us and proud of what tthey team has been able to accomplish so far.  We're building ttheir company for tthey long term. While ttheyre's still lots of work to do, I genuinely believe we're taking tthey right measures to set Synalloy up for lasting success.  Now I'd like to pass tthey call over to Chris and Sally, and I'll be happy to rejoin at tthey end for questions. Chris? Christoptheyr Hutter Thanks, Ben. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. I'm pleased to report that tthey second quarter showed nice improvement as we continue to progress on our journey towards consistent, profitable growth and sustained shareholder value creation. I am honored to have tthey opportunity to lead ttheir exceptional team, and I am proud of tthey advancements we've made during tthey first half of 2021.  Those who know me know that I'm never satisfied, but tthey progress we made strengttheyns my confidence in our ability to be successful in building a company that can provide durable value to all of our stakeholders. In Q2, we achieved a second consecutive quarter of sequential increases in net sales across each of Synalloy's business segments. We also reported improvements in profitability driven by rebounding customer demand, a strong raw materials market, our continued efforts to improve quality and driving down costs through process efficiencies. And ttheyse improvements theylped deliver notable increases to our net income, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin both on a year-over-year and sequential basis.  From a strategic and operational standpoint, we're continuing to refine throughputs in an effort to optimize customer demand with our production sctheydule and expect to see reductions in earnings volatility as we execute on our operational improvement plan. We believe our operations planning and margin enhancement initiatives will ultimately work to minimize tthey fluctuations our input costs have on our profitability.  Now I'll dive a bit deeper into each of our segments. During tthey quarter, our Metals segment benefited from a continued strong commodities pricing environment and overall demand tailwind. We also made steady safety and operational enhancements throughout tthey segment to lay tthey foundation for long-term growth and success. As previously announced, Tim Lynch took tthey theylm of ttheir segment in late April, and we are proud of tthey progress they has already made as they ramped into their role. Tim has done an incredible job of assembling a proven and capable team in a short period. And I'm very excited about tthey initiatives and operating procedures ttheyy have begun to implement.  Part of tthey initiatives include a revised vision and mission for our Metals segment that I would like to share. Our metals vision is to be tthey premier solution provider through best-in-class safety, quality and customer experience while creating value for all team members and stakeholders. Our metals mission is to safely produce best-in-class quality while improving on-time delivery, efficiency and financial performance.  I'm proud that everyone within our Metals segment had tthey opportunity to contribute to our revised vision and mission, and I couldn't be prouder of tthey team.  Additional Q2 highlights for tthey segment include tthey implementation of a safety summit, baseline and standardization of efficiencies as well as measurements of all aspects of our sales and production processes. Tim and tthey entire Metals team are drawing tthey road map to success and Q2 provided evidence that tthey changes are working. Tthey team is working tirelessly to build a Metal segment that focuses on results through communication, transparency and accountability. Tthey combination of ttheyse will deliver consistent growth, profit and opportunity for all stakeholders.  In our Ctheymicals segment, net sales grew slightly despite challenging year-over-year comps given tthey unprecedented demand for hand sanitizer that accompanied tthey on-site of tthey pandemic in tthey year ago quarter. We also experienced operational challenges due to labor constraints and product shipment delays related to trucking shortages, which weigtheyd on tthey segment's profitability.  To combat ttheyse challenges, we implemented price increases later in tthey quarter but we will not see tthey full benefits realized until tthey back half of tthey year. We are taking proactive measures to better realize tthey opportunity in ctheymicals, including tthey appointment of Dave Kuzy as tthey Executive Vice President of tthey segment.  Dave is not only a seasoned executive with C-suite experience in multinational ctheymical companies, but they has a proven theirtory of cultivating teams built upon tthey principles of culture, safety and accountability. I'm excited to have Dave on board and look forward to seeing our Ctheymicals segment grow and thrive under their leadership.  Additionally, we recently expanded our executive team with tthey appointment of Doug Tackett, as Synalloy's Chief Legal Officer. Doug brings decades of experience in corporate law and governance, including with public companies such as support.com and StarTek. We are confident in Doug's ability to guide our executive team and Board of Directors in all legal and commercial matters and firmly believe their expertise will be a crucial asset.  While ttheyre is certainly room to continue to expand and improve our management team, particularly in roles supporting our commercial group and operations, I am proud of tthey progress we have made in upgrading our talent during tthey first half of tthey year. We will continue to leverage tthey collective knowledge and experience of our high-performing team members, including both tthey recent appointments and our experienced contributors.  I firmly believe that we can't be successful without surrounding ourselves with A talent, and it feels good to see tthey team's efforts begin to bear fruit. I invested in Synalloy and joined ttheir company with a vision for what it could become. And we are just beginning tthey process to turn that vision into a reality.  Although we still have much to do, I am thankful for tthey contributions from every member across our organization, and I firmly believe we are establishing a strong foundation that will enable us to build towards our vision for Synalloy's future. Sally, over to you. Sally Cunningham Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon, everyone. Second quarter 2021 net sales increased 26% to $83.1 million compared to $66.1 million in tthey prior year period. Tthey increase was attributable to a strong performance in our Metals segment, which benefited from price increases improved operational throughput and rebounding demand.  Gross profit increased 220% to $14.1 million compared to $4.4 million in tthey prior year period. while gross profit margin more than doubled to 17% from 6.6% in tthey prior year period.  Tthey improvement in both gross profit and gross profit margin was attributable to tthey increased pricing and surcharges that benefited net sales during tthey quarter, along with better operational efficiencies that accompanied tthey higtheyr volume.  Net income in Q2 was $2.9 million or $0.31 diluted earnings per share, which is a considerable improvement from tthey net loss of $7 million or $0.77 diluted loss per share in tthey second quarter of 2020. Excluding tthey impacts from 2020 associated with exiting tthey Palmer business, net income in tthey second quarter improved $1.9 million from tthey prior year period.  Adjusted EBITDA in Q2 increased more than 4x to $9.8 million, and adjusted EBITDA margin also improved 880 basis points to 11.7% both compared to tthey prior year period.  Lastly, looking at our liquidity position as of June 30, 2021, total debt was $59.5 million, compared to $61.4 million at December 31, 2020, with $45.5 million of borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility compared to $11 million at December 31, 2020. With that, I'll now turn it back over to tthey operator for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. And our first question will come from David Sigfreud [ph], Investor. Unidentified Analyst Congratulations, guys, on your second consecutive quarter of net income, debt reduction and operating efficiencies, really nice to see. Christoptheyr Hutter Thanks, David. Unidentified Analyst Question. So capital expenditures, are those still expected to be $4 million or less for ttheir year? Christoptheyr Hutter Yes. As you can see, we're tracking significantly below that number, and I anticipate that we'll be nowtheyre near tthey $4 million as we originally projected. Unidentified Analyst Got it. I noticed ttheyre is, I think, a $632,000 cash expense related to tthey proxy contest. Could you explain a little bit about that? Christoptheyr Hutter Ben, do you want to take that? Ben Rosenzweig Yes, sure. Well, I think I don't want to speak for tthey independent directors, but that was a reimbursement for Privet and UPG from tthey proxy contest. So tthey reason that we sought reimbursement is because we placed highly qualified directors on tthey Board as well as being able to bring in Chris as CEO. So we think that, that's worked out well. And tthey Board gave it a little bit of distance to evaluate wtheyttheyr that was still a good investment for tthey shareholders and ttheyy determined that it was. So that was something that was accrued for in tthey second quarter and it will be paid out in tthey third quarter. Unidentified Analyst Got it. And ttheyn after third quarter, that's -- that close tthey books on that? Ben Rosenzweig Correct. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Good. All right. Getting product produced out tthey door and delivered on time in tthey Metals segment, it looks like ttheyre's improvement ttheyre. Is ttheyre still room for more improvement? Christoptheyr Hutter Yes, ttheyre's definitely room for more improvement on tthey flow-through and efficiency side. I would say our supply chain team is definitely working very well with matching inbound customer orders via through mill coordination on tthey master coil and through our production efficiency processes through tthey mills and ttheyn finittheyyd goods. I think we're in tthey sixth or seventh inning on getting a great process put in, but we're definitely significantly furttheyr along than we were in tthey last quarter. And to speak at some specific details on that is our on-time delivery is at tthey higtheyst level that it's been in tthey last -- at least 1 year. So we're definitely making significant strides on getting product delivered on time to our customers. Unidentified Analyst Excellent. Is tthey backlog still growing? Christoptheyr Hutter Backlog is very robust. Unidentified Analyst Question regarding inflation. Now with tthey price of materials, it seemed like maybe that hit ctheymicals a little bit. But -- can we continue to pass on ttheyse increases to customers? Or is ttheyre a point wtheyre it begins to hurt tthey margins? Christoptheyr Hutter Yes. It's -- we've puttheyyd as -- again, tthey elasticity we've tested definitely on our pricing I would say more so in tthey metal side than our ctheymical side, and we were behind tthey 8 ball on increasing our ctheymicals prices as fast as we should have and have caught up with that process now. But we are not seeing any significant pushback from our customers on pricing. Ttheyy're more concerned about can ttheyy get tthey product in tthey door to make whatever ttheyy're making and deliver ttheyir product to ttheyir customer. So it's definitely an interesting market. Unidentified Analyst Yes. Okay. Is tthey team getting closer to putting out a strategic plan? Christoptheyr Hutter Yes. I mean we're definitely working on a strategic plan, as you theyard on tthey call with our vision and mission within metals, I think we're definitely closer in tthey Metals segment than our Ctheymicals segment. But that is something that we hope to announce theyre on a complete holistic strategic road map to deliver to shareholders in tthey next few quarters. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Some of tthey competitors mentioned tthey strong business cycle, we thought would spill over into 2022. And that if infrastructure is passed ttheyre'd be a strong 2023 and beyond. So do you kind of see that with Synalloy as well? Christoptheyr Hutter I would definitely echo that. But I always say we're such a small component of tthey market globally in terms of what Synalloy produces, and ttheyre's always ways we can gain market share regardless of tthey demand cycle of tthey macro environment. So I mean, we're building a team that is willing to capture market share in every market cycle. And truly, as Ben mentioned, we have tthey will to win. So we're building just a different culture, different mentality. We're not going to blame pricing or market on our performance. We are really trying to be tthey authors of our future success based on tthey metrics we put in place. Unidentified Analyst Got it. Well, congratulations, again, excellent quarter. Christoptheyr Hutter Thanks, David. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our next question is from Mike Hugtheys of SGF Capital. Michael Hugtheys Can you start out by just talking about tthey specialty pipe and tube business, tthey master distribution business? I think most of that business is in Houston and Ohio and if you're seeing any variances and ttheyn just overall strength in that business. Christoptheyr Hutter Yes, it's a great question. Obviously, that's a business wtheyre we are a distributor of theyavy wall seamless pipe and tube. Tthey Houston market in tthey first half of tthey year, obviously, was continued to be impacted by rebounding oil demand. We are seeing a significant pickup in that business, specifically related to tthey Texas distribution side. And tthey Ohio market with tthey Midwest has been very robust with tthey applications that materials going into think of hydraulic applications, construction equipment, high-pressure applications, valves, fitting. So anything related to a rebounding economy, ttheyy're definitely seeing a tailwind ttheyre. Michael Hugtheys Okay. So you expect that strength to continue into tthey back half? Christoptheyr Hutter Yes, we do. Michael Hugtheys And do I remember correctly that, that business carries a very high EBITDA margin? Christoptheyr Hutter It carries a very relatively theyalthy defined high. I think it's a theyalthy EBITDA margin. I think we're making strides into, again, refining our supply chain process within that business by refining tthey number of SKUs we have on hand, truly identifying A, B, C, D items and an overall implementation of a new inventory program, which we've implemented and have seen our inventory days reduced significantly to better align supply with demand. Michael Hugtheys Okay. And ttheyn on tthey BRISMET and Munhall business, did you disclose what tthey volume did in eittheyr pound -- I guess, using tthey metric of pounds on a year-over-year basis? Christoptheyr Hutter Sally, do you have those numbers by chance? Sally Cunningham I do. We did -- I just have it at tthey Metals segment. Metals as a whole year-over-year, we were up on pounds at 21%. Michael Hugtheys And Chris, did you quantify wtheyre tthey backlog was just in percentage terms versus tthey end of tthey March quarter? Was it actually up prior to surcharges? Christoptheyr Hutter Backlog is up in tthey areas wtheyre we wanted to be up in terms of tthey customer profile that we're going to be looking for going forward. So without getting into significant detail, backlog in general is up, but we're changing tthey mix on tthey end use profile of wtheyre we expect our backlog to be delivered. Michael Hugtheys Presumably to optimize margins. Christoptheyr Hutter That would be correct. Michael Hugtheys Okay. On to tthey ctheymicals business, what will it take until tthey fourth quarter to get back to kind of a more normalized EBITDA margin for that business? Christoptheyr Hutter I hope sooner than that. I'm giving Dave some benefit of tthey doubt, they's really coming into a situation wtheyre they's got to build a team, get operational excellence and really understand tthey book of business I think having been in tthey ctheymical side, I was new to ctheymicals and starting to turn over leaves and understand it. We provide a highly value-added process and product to many, many customers in most Fortune 500 type names on tthey Ctheymicals business. So I don't think we've been charging enough in terms of tthey value we are providing to our customers and tthey prices that we're asking for it. And tthey changes of that started really in end of Q2 and we're seeing complete acceptance from tthey customer base on a new pricing strategy. Michael Hugtheys Beyond leveraging tthey corporate overtheyad costs, what are tthey real synergies of having tthey Ctheymicals business along with tthey metals business? Christoptheyr Hutter I mean wtheyn you look at tthey overall spend on vendors, I mean, ttheyre's synergies within tthey expense side, wtheyttheyr it be uniforms, wtheyttheyr it be certain raw material inputs, everything from logistics. I like tthey business because it should have a theyalthier margin in my opinion, than metals. We just have to go capture it. Michael Hugtheys Okay. And ttheyn last question for you. Remind me, are you on LIFO or FIFO accounting? Christoptheyr Hutter Sally, do you want to take that? It depends on I think on a tax basis or not. Sally Cunningham We are on -- technically, we're on neittheyr. Michael Hugtheys Okay. So -- how do you -- is it a weighted average cost? How does your inventory costs? How do ttheyy flow in? Sally Cunningham Sorry, it's standard costing. It's a standard costing. Operator At ttheir time, ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Mr. Hutter, Synalloy, Interim President and CEO, for closing remarks. Christoptheyr Hutter Thank you, Laurie. Again, I'd just like to thank all of our employees for ttheyir efforts that contributed to what I would say is a significantly improved performance in ttheir quarter. I do look forward to our continued success in tthey second half of tthey year and believe we can capture it.  I also like to thank everyone on ttheir call for listening. We look forward to speaking with you again wtheyn we report our third quarter 2021 results in November. Laurie, over to you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.