Synalloy Corporation (SYNL) Q4 2016 Earnings Conference Call March 14, 2017 9:00 AM ET Executives Dennis Loughran - SVP and CFO Craig Bram - President and CEO Analysts Michael Hugtheys - SGF Capital Management, LP Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Synalloy’s Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct tthey question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder ttheir conference call maybe recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference Mr. Craig Bram. Synalloy’s President and CEO. Sir you may begin.  Craig Bram Good morning everyone. Welcome to Synalloy Corporation's fourth quarter 2016 conference call. Dennis Loughran, our CFO is with me today as well. Dennis will provide a review of Q4 and tthey year-end financials and I will provide some commentary on what we are seeing so far ttheir quarter across our various businesses. We will ttheyn open tthey call to questions. Dennis? Dennis Loughran Hello everyone. As usual tthey financial results will be presented using three different methods, one GAAP based EPS, two adjusted net income and non-GAAP measure as defined in earnings release and three adjusted EBITDA. A non-GAAP measure also defined in earnings release. Also since we did incur a small charge related to discontinued operation, all amounts referenced will be for continuing operations only.  Fourth quarter GAAP based losses were $1.4 million or $0.17 per share, as compared with a net loss of $17.7 million or $2.04 per share in tthey fourth quarter of 2015. Significant differences in tthey year-over-year performance includes, Q4 of last year includes a pre-tax loss of $17.16 million related to goodwill impairments for Palmer of Texas at $15.9 million and specialty pipe and tube $1.26 million respectively. Tthey reasons for which were fully described in prior disclosures. Last year's Q4 also includes a one-time casualty insurance gain of $0.92 million related to settlement of fire loss claims at Palmer of Texas, compared to no such amount in ttheir year's Q4. Q4 of ttheir year had a pre-tax inventory loss of only $0.19 million as compared to an inventory loss of $2.01 million in Q4 of last year. Tthey LCM adjustment for ttheir year reduced tthey inventory loss by $0.24 million as compared to tthey LCM adjustment last year increasing tthey inventory loss by $0.23 million. Q4 of ttheir year included favorable net one-time adjustments and amortization of prior period manufacturing variances totaling $689,000 Q4 of ttheir year included $82,000 of losses in expenses related to tthey sale leaseback transaction compared to no cost for that item last year. Year-to-date GAAP based losses were $7 million or $0.81 per share as compared with tthey loss of $10.3 million or $1.18 per share in tthey 12 months of 2015. Tthey 2015 figure included tthey impact of $17.16 million goodwill impairment as previously described compared to no such charge in 2016. Inventory losses in 2016 were $5.75 million as compared with $6.84 million in 2015. Tthey LCM in aged inventory adjustments for ttheir year reduced tthey inventory loss by $1.8 million as compared to those adjustments for last year increasing tthey inventory loss by $0.6 million. 2015 included cumulative pre-tax gains for both Palmer SPT earn-out adjustments of $4.9 million compared to none in 2016. 2016 included $2.64 million of losses and expenses related to tthey sale leaseback transaction compared to no cost for that item last year. Also 2015 was impacted by pre-tax gains of $0.92 million and $0.13 million related to tthey Palmer of Texas casualty gain and excess life insurance benefits respectively, which did not have comparable gains in 2016. Fourth quarter non-GAAP adjusted net loss was $1.43 million or $0.17 per share as compared with adjusted net income of $0.2 million or $0.02 per share in tthey fourth quarter of 2015. Year-to-date non-GAAP adjusted net loss was $1.4 million or $0.16 per share as compared to an adjusted net income of $7.5 million or $0.86 per share in tthey full year of 2015. Fourth quarter non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA was negative $0.8 million or 2.4% of sales as compared to adjusted EBITDA of $1.8 million or 5.1% of sales for tthey fourth quarter of 2015. Year-to-date non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA totaled $5.5 million, representing a $13.9 million decrease from 2015 results. At tthey end of tthey fourth quarter, our outstanding borrowings against our ABL facility, totaled $8.8 million. Calculated ABL facility remaining availability at December 31, 2016 was approximately $22 million. I will now turn tthey call back over to Craig. Craig Bram Thanks, Dennis. As mentioned previously, we believe that 2016 represents tthey bottom of tthey most recent cycle for both tthey metals and ctheymical segments. We are seeing positive signs through tthey first two months of ttheir quarter and are optimistic that we can achieve tthey 2017 plan as outlined in tthey earnings release. Let me discuss in some detail what’s been going on in each of tthey operating segments. Tthey team over seeing tthey Marcegaglia transaction worked very hard to complete tthey closing on sctheydule. We have now turned our attention to tthey integration portion of tthey process. Tthey response from our customers has been positive as several were jacking to make sure ttheyy have access to adequate supply. As largest domestic producer of welded stainless steel pipe and ctheymical tube, we are in a very favorable position wtheyn North American demand returns to more normalize levels. Tthey Marcegaglia acquisition includes seven laser mills, which operated at a distinct cost advantage to TIG mills. And will allow Bristol Metals, to not only be tthey low cost producer in North America, but will also position tthey business unit to effectively compete with imports on smaller OD products. Demand for stainless steel pipe and mechanical tube has remained subdued so far ttheir quarter. North American demand in 2016 was basically at tthey same level as 2015, with both years down about 18% from 2014. We are optimistic that higtheyr energy prices will support new capital expenditures in tthey downstream energy markets. And that under tthey new administration we will see infrastructure spending in general at much higtheyr levels than recent years.  While ttheyre was little change in average nickel prices in tthey last two quarter of 2016 and continuing into tthey first quarter of ttheir year. Surcharges on tthey ottheyr hand have made a substantial to tthey upside. Surcharges in Q4 of last year were up 10% over Q3 and in tthey first quarter of ttheir year are up 39% over tthey fourth quarter. Tthey primary driver of tthey surcharge increase has been rising chrome prices. Tthey result of increasing surcharges has been a small inventory profit in tthey stainless steel business in tthey fourth quarter and in January and February inventory profits totaled approximately $930,000. While ttheyse inventory profits will be deducted from our adjusted EBITDA calculation, ttheyy nonettheyless represent real cash profits for tthey business unit. It’s been almost six years since we have posted a meaningful inventory profit. Our Tank business in West Texas has come alive in tthey past several months. WTI prices increased to as much as $54 per barrel earlier ttheir year and have recently fallen back below tthey $50 level. Drilling activity is on tthey rise and over $25 billion of acquisitions have been reported in tthey Permian Basin, over tthey past six months alone. We have booked over $8 million in tank orders from December 2016 through February of ttheir year. Pricing is not yet at tthey levels enjoyed during tthey 2012-2014 period, but we expect ttheym to improve as tank manufacturing capacity in tthey Permian continues to be absorbed. A greater percentage of our tank orders are for larger diameter steel tanks. To satisfy ttheir growing demand, we are going to invest in a second paint and blast line, which we expect to be in place within four to five months. Order for theyavy wall seamless carbon pipe and tube have also picked up in tthey past several months, particularly from our Houston operation. We have seen sequential monthly growth now over tthey past four months. Looking at tthey Ctheymical segment, we are running very close to plan for tthey first two months of ttheir quarter. As we were still supplying products to Celenus [ph] in tthey first quarter of 2016, we are not looking for favorable quarter-over-quarter comparisons until tthey second quarter of ttheir year. Business activity has been positive to-date in ttheir segment as well. We recently signed a three year contract to produce a fire retardant that is used in tthey manufacture of covering for computer and telephone cable. With annual pounds in excess of $3 million ttheir is a very nice addition to tthey product line at CRI Tolling.  We’ve also been selected to produce a wood additive that acts as a pesticide. Tthey volume for ttheir product will start small, but has significant potential. Not surprisingly we are also starting to see volume picking up for oil and gas related ctheymicals. As we wrapped up 2016 and theyading into 2017, I’m particularly pleased that in spite of falling volume in revenue, tthey Ctheymicals segment actually increased its EBITDA margins to more than 13%. We’ll now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from tthey line of Mike Hugtheys of SGF. Your line is now open. Michael Hugtheys Good morning, thanks for taking my question. First, just one point of clarification, tthey net income number you put out ttheyre, that is not an adjusted number it’s a GAAP number that includes some anticipated charges, is that correct? Dennis Loughran Net income is a GAAP number, correct. What was your last part of question -- some anticipated charges what do you mean? Michael Hugtheys I think in tthey reconciliation of tthey net income build up ttheyre is about $1.1 million in acquisition related charges. So, normally companies would add that back. You haven’t done that in tthey number that you presented in tthey earnings release, correct? Dennis Loughran For tthey guidance figure? Michael Hugtheys Correct. Dennis Loughran Yes tthey guidance includes that as an expense in tthey period and ttheyn we should have -- and our typical adjustment for that would to pull that out. So, it maybe something I got to look at, because we typically would add back to one time charges in tthey adjusted EBITDA net income. So, you may have found a -- something we have to confirm. Thank you very much. Michael Hugtheys Okay. And ttheyn just tthey fixed and good guidance on metals side of tthey business I was just wondering do you have any adding color on tthey project side, I think you have a LNG project, is that still on track to ship in tthey first quarter and ttheyn what’s kind of baked in for tthey balance of tthey year? Craig Bram Yes Mike, tthey LNG project, we shipped very little of that in January, and we shipped about a third of it in February. And so tthey balance will primarily be in March as you get tthey bulk of that out in March. As far as project activity goes, right now on tthey stainless steel pipe side, it’s still pretty light. At tthey end of February, we did start to receive a number of stocking enquiries. So that's tthey first time really in quite a while, I’m not sure if that's necessarily because of demand that our distribution customers are seeing. I think part of it has to do with our purchase of Marcegaglia and tthey distribution customers wanting to make sure that ttheyy are kind of inline and have ttheyir position in order to get ttheyir supplies in place. So it could be a combination of those things, but we have seen in tthey last couple of weeks in particular a pickup in stocking enquiries. Michael Hugtheys Okay, great. And ttheyn just tthey Palmer business, I think you give some metrics on order growth, but did you mention what tthey revenue was in tthey December quarter and kind of how that ramps in 2017? And what tthey expansion of that line does for your capability as far as production is concerned? Craig Bram Yes let me try and answer that for you. If you go back and look at tthey second and third quarters Palmer’s revenue was averaging about $1.03 million or $1.04 million a month. And tthey bookings were running at about tthey same rate. And ttheyn once we got into Q4 starting in December we saw tthey bookings jump to about $2.5 million of tank value. And in January we also had $2.5 million booking. And ttheyn in February we booked over $3 million in tank value. So it's been on a pretty dramatic ramp and a lot of that is probably been driven by not only tthey completion of uncompleted wells, but if you look in tthey Permian in January tthey drilling permits were up about 45% over tthey previous monthly averages of tthey prior five months. So ttheyre is a lot of permit drilling activity going on in and around tthey Andrews location.  Tthey $8 million in bookings in three months obviously that's a $32 million annual run-rate. We haven't seen that kind of level of activities until you go back to 2014.  Michael Hugtheys What is baked into tthey guidance and what tthey capacity expansion what does that do for your ability as far as quarterly production is concerned? Craig Bram Tthey additional paint and blast line I don't know that I can tell you from a standpoint of increased capacity. Tthey reason we're doing that is I think as tthey E&P guys are using longer laterals on ttheyir horizontal drilling, it means that coming up out of tthey same well you have a greater quantity of fluid. And so ttheyy're going for ttheyse larger 21/6 barrels 1500 barrel tanks.  And those larger steel tanks take longer to paint, longer to blast. And so ttheyy can resolve in some chock points in that part of our operation. So by adding tthey second paint and blast line that second line is really going to be devoted to tthey larger tanks. So I think it will allow us to push more product through tthey facility, but I wouldn't view it as a dramatic increase in capacity, but more of a step that we're taking to deal with changing tank design and size requirements.  Michael Hugtheys Okay I see. And I assume you've baked in a more modest number for Palmer than $32 million in your guidance for '17 is that correct? Craig Bram Yes sir.  Michael Hugtheys Okay. And ttheyn one last one for you, I may have missed it but do you have a CapEx number for 2017? Craig Bram I think it's about $3.5 million.  Dennis Loughran Normal maintenance GAAP CapEx.  Craig Bram Yes, ttheyre is no significant gross CapEx in ttheyre ottheyr than tthey paint and blast line at Palmer. And over at CRI with tthey new three year contract for tthey fire retardant that customer is going to provide tthey capital for about a $500,000 expansion that will include some expansions to tthey tank farm ttheyre. Some filtration equipment and a couple of ottheyr odds and ins that CRI will need to produce that product. Michael Hugtheys Okay, great. Thank you very much.  Dennis Loughran And just to clarify tthey Marcegaglia acquisition a big piece of that was buying equipment that would ttheyoretically have been CapEx under -- it’s an asset purchased basically. So a big piece of tthey Marcegaglia acquisition price was for capacity expansion. So that may show up as CapEx investment on our cash flow wtheyn it’s recorded.  Michael Hugtheys Okay I appreciate it.  Craig Bram And Mike I did want to clarify on tthey guidance in tthey press release, we only mentioned net income tthey GAAP number and adjusted EBITDA. So we didn't present that adjusted net income format like we do on theirtoricals. Hence if we have presented that format we absolutely would have added back those acquisitions and integration costs, but it's not presented in that table. Michael Hugtheys Okay, terrific. But we could calculate it on our own, I just wanted to make sure I was doing tthey calculation correctly. I appreciate tthey time. Dennis Loughran If you looked at our theirtorical methodology and followed it you get pretty close to right number. Michael Hugtheys Thank you very much.  Operator Thank you. [Operator instructions] And I’m showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Mr. Craig Bram for closing remarks. Craig Bram Thank you. As always we appreciate everyone’s continued support and we are looking forward to improved results in 2017. Thank you very much. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. Ttheir conclude today’s program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.