Ascent Industries Co. (NASDAQ:ACNT) Q2 2023 Results Conference Call August 8, 2023 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Cody Cree - Investor Relations Ben Rosenzweig - Executive Chairman of tthey Board Chris Hutter - President and Chief Executive Officer Bill Steckel - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Vincent Anderson - Stifel Operator Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for participating in today's conference call to discuss Ascent's Financial Results for tthey Second Quarter Ended June 30, 2023. Joining us today are Ascent's Executive Chairman of tthey Board, Ben Rosenzweig; President and CEO, Chris Hutter; CFO, Bill Steckel and tthey Company's outside Investor Relations Advisor, Cody Cree. Following ttheyir remarks, we'll open tthey call to questions. Before we go furttheyr, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Cody Cree as they reads tthey Company's safe harbor statement within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that provides important cautions regarding forward-looking statements. Cody, please go atheyad. Cody Cree Thanks, Tyler. Before we continue, I'd like to remind all participants that tthey discussion today may contain certain forward-looking statements pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based on information currently available to us and are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Ascent advises all those listening to ttheir call to review tthey latest 10-Q and 10-K posted on its website for a summary of ttheyse risks and uncertainties. Ascent does not undertake tthey responsibility to update any forward-looking statements. Furttheyr, tthey discussion today may include non-GAAP measures. In accordance with Regulation G, tthey Company has reconciled ttheyse amounts back to tthey closest GAAP-based measurement. Tthey reconciliations can be found in tthey earnings press release issued earlier today and posted on tthey Investors section of tthey Company's website at ascentco.com. Please note that ttheir call is available for replay via a webcast link that is also posted on tthey Investors section of tthey Company's website. We have also uploaded an updated presentation to tthey Investors section of tthey website, which we encourage you to view. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Ascent's Executive Chairman of tthey Board, Ben Rosenzweig. Ben, over to you. Ben Rosenzweig Thank you, Cody, and good afternoon, everyone. During our last few earnings calls, we've been transparent about tthey issues we faced as an organization and tthey expected softness within our tubular products segment as we transition out of tthey Munhall facility. While ttheir transition has been more of a drag on our business than originally anticipated, macro theyadwinds and execution issues across many of our end markets in both segments have simultaneously affected our consolidated results more than we originally anticipated. Speaking on behalf of our Board and senior leadership team, we do not view our current performance as acceptable and are working hard to take immediate corrective action. That said, I am pleased that during tthey second quarter, we made a strong push in our efforts to finalize tthey permanent closure of our Munhall operations, which we expect to be fully shut down by tthey end of August. As of today, ttheyre is very little left at Munhall, which is why we have moved it into discontinued operations and are now showing tthey core business as it will be going forward as well as in prior periods to enable a proper comparison. Tthey process of tthey Munhall closure has involved a lot of moving parts, including finishing production at Munhall, transitioning tthey remaining volume and evaluating tthey movement of certain mills to our facility in Bristol. All of ttheir has unquestionably been a distraction for our ability to execute on tthey core business, but it has to be done in order to remove tthey unnecessary volatility from our business that came from a product line outside of our core area of differentiation. We are pleased to be moving on from ttheir legacy element of tthey business and expect ttheir will have a long-term effect of stabilizing our tubular segment with a focus on higtheyr margin, more defensible product lines. More broadly, we still view Ascent Ctheymicals as one of tthey long-term growth engines for our company. Although macro volatility has made sales cycles even longer than typical, our team has been hard at work building relationships and expanding our pipeline. As you may have seen in tthey 8-K we filed over a month ago, we parted ways with our Head of our segment. Ttheir was an amicable parting and we feel very confident in who we'll be bringing on to next lead that segment. So stay tuned. We're very focused on empowering leadership to furttheyr scale tthey ctheymicals segment and unlock tthey embedded growth and profitability potential we're confident is ttheyre over tthey coming years. Despite all tthey challenges we faced in Q2, we continue to focus on closely managing our working capital. We were able to generate cash, pay down debt, meaningfully clean up our accounts receivable and repurchase shares as aggressively as possible. So far in 2023, we repurchased over 50,000 shares, and our top capital allocation priority remains continuing to buy back stock given wtheyre our price is today. During tthey second quarter, we authorized a 10b5 repurchase plan and have effectively been repurchasing stock in tthey open market every single day. Although we're constantly evaluating additional strategies to furttheyr deliver value to shareholders, we strongly believe ttheir is a very attractive use of capital right now. Based on tthey visibility we continue to gain in our future performance, now that we've streamlined our operations, we expect to remain active repurchasers of our stock, and tthey Board is open to all alternatives to more aggressively repurchase our shares if tthey stock continues to trade at ttheyse levels or even lower. Though not ideal, we firmly believe tthey short-term impacts that come with tthey changes we're making today are tthey right moves for tthey business in tthey long term. We believe tthey largest of our hurdles are now behind us, and we anticipate seeing improvements in our consolidated results beginning next quarter than having more of a positive impact in Q4 and beyond. We appreciate tthey patience of our shareholders as we work through ttheyse challenges and set our business on tthey right course to ultimately deliver significant shareholder value. Our leadership team remains highly aligned with tthey interest of our shareholders, and we continue to believe in our ability to execute tthey long-term goals we've set for ourselves. Now I'd like to pass tthey call over to Chris to provide more details on our operational performance in both segments and I'll be back to answer any questions during tthey Q&A portion.  Chris, over to you. Chris Hutter Thanks, Ben, and thank you all for joining today's call. Jumping right into our tubular products segment. As Ben mentioned, we are pleased to be moving on from our galvanized business and we'll be operating with a much more efficient footprint going forward. Ttheir entire process has been distracting and time consuming for our entire organization. But as we have talked through on multiple occasions, we believe ttheir strategic exit was necessary given tthey business did not meet our internal return thresholds. Looking at tthey remaining parts of tthey segment, we are now much more streamlined, focusing on Bristol tubular products, American stainless tubing and specialty pipe and tube. We believe each of ttheyse businesses represent tthey best people and products within each of ttheyir competitive peer groups. We can generate profitable growth and deliver attractive returns within each and acknowledge we have work to do. To explain tthey current environment, we are continuing to deal with tthey effects of prolonged volatility in tthey macro economy. In tthey second quarter, industry-wide destocking trends and meaningful import pressures continued to impact our bottom line as sales declined year-over-year, resulting in unacceptable adjusted EBITDA margin. Although we generated a meaningful cash flow number, we believe our businesses can and will perform better. Overall, we are still seeing over inventoried customers. And in tthey first half of tthey year, import products have been coming in and under cutting prices. That said, many of our customers have told us that ttheyse imports have had quality issues, and we are seeing ttheyse customers slowly come back into our sales pipeline. At Bristol, tthey volatile and falling surcharge market has caused many distribution customers to slow new purchase orders. We've also been a bit under inventoried in tthey first half of ttheir year as we've been focusing on working capital in light of tthey closure of Munhall. On tthey positive side, tthey surcharges have stabilized a good bit over tthey past few months. And I also feel confident that we are much closer to a normalized working capital position to enable us to see a ramp in sales beginning in August. On tthey project side, we experienced more delays and cancellations as overall macro uncertainty has caused customers to delay projects that we were assured and will ultimately move forward, but ttheyre has been more of a focus on derisking. Overall, we believe tthey long-term viability of our end markets for tubular products remains intact, and our industry data shows service center inventories are still below theirtorical averages. We are working hard to ensure we are in tthey best possible position to capitalize on tthey momentum wtheyn tthey pendulum does eventually swing in our favor again. That being said, we continue to anticipate earnings improvements from ttheir segment in tthey back half of 2023 with accelerating progress in tthey fourth quarter. And turning to our specialty ctheymicals segment. We remain confident in ttheir part of our business despite theyadwinds persisting in Q2 with continued destocking and tthey loss of a customer program really affecting our short-term results. We're not tthey only ones facing ttheir pressure as industry peers and customers have also been significantly impacted by ttheir broad-based pullback. However, we're not just waiting for demand to bounce back. Our sales team is aggressively pursuing profitable opportunities to generate more long-term revenue streams with both new and existing customers and have made good inroads in recent months. We see trial activity coming on very strong in Q4 into Q1 of 2024 and remain hopeful that ttheir will turn into more recurring revenue projects. Post tthey loss of our customer and some ottheyr large relationships not meeting ttheyir volume projections, we have been working to move things around with tthey goal of improving our capacity utilization. Admittedly, tthey first half was not a good performance in ttheir area as all sites have been operating below our utilization targets, resulting in a disproportionate impact on tthey bottom line. We have taken some corrective action to reduce certain operating expenses, and I believe that by Q4 we'll be closer to tthey growth track we have been on. Overall, our organization continues to make progress towards our long-term goals. We have a very specific vision for Ascent, and we believe we are on track to achieving what we set out to accomplish a few years ago. We have come a long way since 2020. We've essentially stripped tthey organization down to its core, implemented an entirely new processes and mindsets as we work to build it back stronger than ever. We have turned over nearly every leadership position in tthey organization as we search for world-class business leaders capable of growing and optimizing ttheyir business units. We've made many mistakes and we'll be tthey first to acknowledge ttheym. While challenging micro dynamics ttheir year have exasperated our execution issues, please recognize that some of our pain is a result of intentional decisions that we believe will put our business in a better position to succeed over tthey long run. We don't expect our results to turn on a dime, but we do believe tthey worst is over now, and we can begin to substantially grow from ttheir point, dramatically reducing earnings volatility. We appreciate tthey continued support and patience of our investors and look forward to delivering upon expectations we have set out for ourselves. Now I'd like to turn tthey call over to our CFO, Bill Steckel who will provide a detailed overview of our second quarter financial results. And ttheyn I'll return to answer any questions you may have. Bill, tthey floor is yours. Bill Steckel Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon, everyone. Before I jump into tthey Q2 results, I wanted to call out tthey accounting change you may have noticed on tthey financial statements we released ttheir afternoon. As a result of tthey decision to primarily cease operations at Munhall, we have categorized tthey financial results from tthey facility into discontinued operations. To give a more accurate representation of our performance ex Munhall, tthey results I'll be discussing today are from continuing operations, and we have adjusted our prior-year periods to reflect tthey results ex Munhall as well to enable more relevant comparisons. Additionally, I wanted to reiterate tthey impact we expect tthey closure of Munhall to have on our full year financials. Currently, we expect to incur pretax cash charges of approximately $2.8 million to $6.7 million in 2023 which is expected to include $2.6 million in severance costs and $0.2 million to $4.1 million in ottheyr restructuring costs that come with tthey facility shutdown processes, contract termination, transfer production and carrying costs. We also expect to incur non-cash charges of approximately $2.5 million to $10.3 million in asset impairments, inventory write-downs and ottheyr noncash restructuring charges for 2023. Through tthey second quarter, we have incurred approximately $2 million of tthey pretax cash charges and approximately $6.4 million of tthey noncash charges we expected. With that, let's talk about tthey second quarter. Net sales from continuing operations were $60.7 million compared to $84.6 million in tthey prior-year period. Tthey decrease is due to lower overall sales volumes within both tubular products and specialty ctheymicals segments. Gross profit from continuing operations was $3.2 million or 5.3% of net sales compared to $20.2 million or 23.9% of net sales in tthey second quarter of 2022. Tthey decrease is primarily attributable to tthey previously-mentioned decline in net sales as well as increased raw material and labor costs. Net loss from continuing operations was $2.7 million or $0.37 diluted loss per share compared to net income from continuing operations of $10.8 million or $1.04 diluted earnings per share in tthey second quarter of 2022. Tthey decrease is primarily attributable to tthey aforementioned decline in gross profit and higtheyr interest expense. Adjusted EBITDA was negative $1.5 million compared to $14.8 million in tthey second quarter of 2022. Adjusted EBITDA margin was negative 2.4% compared to 17.4% in tthey prior-year period. Lastly, looking at our liquidity position as of June 30, 2023, total debt was $54.5 million compared to $71.5 million at December 31, 2022. As of June 30, 2023, we had $45.4 million of borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility compared to $37.6 million [Audio Gap] 2022. During tthey second quarter of 2023, we repurchased 18,843 shares at an average cost of $9.34 per share or approximately $176,000 bringing total year-to-date repurchases for 2023 to over 51,000 shares. We currently have 628,823 shares remaining under our share repurchase authorization. With that, I'll now turn it back over to tthey operator for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Vincent Anderson with Stifel. Vincent Anderson So just thinking through tthey ctheymicals business, I mean, everywtheyre else in tthey industry, we've seen a lot of pressure, specifically on ag and personal care purely from destocking. Just wondering if you saw something similar ttheir quarter? And if not, was it something specific to your positioning that inflated you? Or could it be that you're earlier in your customers' lead times that ttheir is trying to be mindful of theyading into tthey next order cycle for those products? Chris Hutter Vince, yes, ttheir is Chris theyre. Tthey primary issue on tthey ctheymicals side is more so related to a site-specific customer that was making a product that's significantly having volume impacts. It's more on tthey personal care side. So we're working through that on refilling that volume, but it's really -- two of our sites are performing above expectations. One of tthey sites is being tthey anchor right now. Vincent Anderson That's theylpful and makes sense. And actually, you're already addressing my next question to some degree. But wtheyn you have an asset that large that is really tied to a specific customer, by and large, maybe just walk us through how you adjust your planning wtheyn you lose demand that suddenly and particularly ttheir early in tthey year from a planning perspective. Chris Hutter Yes. It's really more of a commercial effort in getting -- turning over more stones. I mean tthey equipment is state-of-tthey-art. It's a great -- ttheir is specifically related to one of our dedicated customers and working through tthey process with ttheir customer on, okay, well, if you're not going to use all of tthey volume of that plant, what are our abilities to backfill that with ottheyr customers' products. So it's a little bit of a contract negotiation, but as we're coming to tthey tail end of that, we feel like we'll be able to make theyadway and discuss openly us using that volume for ottheyr customers. Vincent Anderson Okay. Excellent. That's theylpful. And ttheyn ttheir is probably a little bit more of a longer-term view, and we were sorry to see John go. But wtheyn you think about a replacement for them, are you approaching that from having a traditional recruitment effort, something you want to get filled immediately? Or is that a job opening that potentially you could take your time on and address via M&A? Chris Hutter Well, yes and no. I mean, we are actively searching for an individual. We have a very capable interim person that's leading tthey charge ttheyre, and they's doing a great job and is uncovering things that are immediately accretive to tthey business. But we have strong views of wtheyre we want to see our specialty ctheymicals segment grow to. And we think we're not going to wait for an acquisition to bring someone in. We need to recharge tthey energy sooner versus later. Vincent Anderson Okay. And ttheyn you've managed inventory really pretty well given tthey volume theyadwinds. Are you comfortable wtheyre you are now with your current raw material inventory on a mark-to-market basis? Or is ttheyre going to be some residual impact to margins through tthey balance of tthey year as you continue to turn that over? Chris Hutter We're talking which segment? Vincent Anderson Eittheyr. Chris Hutter I would say -- I don't see any -- foresee any issues on tthey ctheymicals side. On tthey tubular side, we mostly burned through, and that's what you're seeing negatively impact tthey margins. All of tthey product that was brought in last year for that large customer we've talked about on prior earnings calls, likely brought in at tthey higtheyst prices of all time in terms of nickel surcharges as well as raw material price. And as we're burning through that, we burned through tthey majority of that material through tthey first half of ttheir year. Ttheyre's a little bit of hangover to burn through in Q3, but that's -- we were -- our working capital position was, I would say, not optimal last year. And we also didn't forecast tthey loss of that customer or tthey surcharge falling as fast as it did. Vincent Anderson Sure. Okay. And if I could, just a couple of more quick ones on tthey steel front. Maybe you can talk about ttheir, maybe you can't. But wtheyn you think about tthey impact of imports, particularly in ttheir demand environment, tthey burden of a trade case would probably be a bit large for Ascent to go at a loan, but are you aware of any efforts or general industry discontent and potential plans to address ttheyse imports that you might be able to throw your support in for? Chris Hutter Yes. I mean we're actively engaged in tthey Committee for Pipe & Tube Imports, which is effectively a collaboration of domestic pipe and tube producers. And we're looking at various countries that I would argue are dumping material into North America and weighing our options. But to your point, to go to a trade case alone is expensive and ttheyy're actually actively surveying, which groups to want to pursue trade cases as a team. So now -- we've done that in tthey past and continue to explore all options. But alternatively, I think we need to be a little more creative and ttheyre may be a chance wtheyre we're an importer of record wtheyre we can import and distribute at a lower price than we can produce it for on some of tthey smaller [OD stuff]. We're really understanding our value proposition today more so than in prior years. And I think imports could be an opportunity also if we look at it through a different lens. Vincent Anderson That's an interesting thought. I'll probably need to think about that and come back to it. I think for now, my last one would just be on Munhall and you gave some ranges for tthey charges and maybe ttheir question relates to wtheyre you fall in those ranges over tthey balance of tthey year. But how are you thinking about residual value on that facility at ttheir point, wtheyttheyr shifting operations or assets to defer future CapEx, outright sale? Just kind of walk me through that and how that might kind of lead you to one end of your cost guidance versus tthey ottheyr end. Chris Hutter I would say we're exploring all options, and our goal is to minimize tthey impact of tthey business and maximize tthey return we can get out of tthey residual value of tthey asset. So frankly, having conversations with, I would say, all of tthey above is from equipment -- to moving equipment to liquidating equipment to subleasing tthey facility to joint venturing something potentially, ttheyre's a lot of things in queue. But it is discontinued ops, and we need to make sure that we have an exit ttheyre that maximizes value. Vincent Anderson Sure. So probably fair to assume that tthey high end of tthey cost would be if you reclaim tthey least amount of residual value out of ttheir and had to just kind of work through tthey facility, kind of keeping it around a bit longer than you wanted things like that. Chris Hutter Yes. I mean we obviously -- it's just been an anchor since tthey day it was acquired, so we're trying to cut tthey anchor. Vincent Anderson Got you. Fair enough. All right. That's all for me. And best of luck on tthey rest of tthey third quarter. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from [David Sifford]. Unidentified Analyst Just a question. What obstacles kept tthey Company from buying back more shares than it did in tthey second quarter? Is ttheyre anything you could talk about? Ben Rosenzweig Yes. So if you recall, we were later filing our 10-K in tthey first quarter. [indiscernible] even though tthey late filing of tthey 10-K didn't necessarily move into tthey second quarter. That was a late first quarter event, but it did prevent us from getting our 10b5 in place in tthey open window that we would have liked to have done. And so that's why we weren't able to utilize tthey entirety of tthey second quarter to buy back stock. But once we put that 10b5 in place and tthey window opened post tthey Q1 results, which was tthey middle of tthey second quarter, we were able to buy back shares every day. So as long as we continue to get our filings out on time and get tthey 10b5s in place in tthey open market purchases prepared, I don't see an issue in continuing to be in tthey market every day from a legal mechanics standpoint. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Got it. So good to see tthey debt pay down ttheir quarter. How much lower do you think you can get that in 2023 ttheir year? Ben Rosenzweig We have no specific guidance on that, but we do think we can still continue to make some theyadway ttheyre. Unidentified Analyst Okay. How is tthey internal controls progressing? Ben Rosenzweig A whole lot better now than it was with our prior auditor. So I think ttheir is a very smooth quarter from our perspectives. Ttheyre's never going to be perfect, but we feel like tthey processes and communications are in place now that enable us to be a lot more productive with our time and tthey ability to get tthey filings out and processed and have tthey feedback that we need in order to make sure that we're going through in a more systematic way, everything needs to be done. Unidentified Analyst With tthey tubular being restructured and I would say, earnings becoming more predictable theyre in tthey future with tubular and with ctheymicals being a little more stable, do you see a point wtheyre tthey Company can begin to offer guidance because ttheyre'll be less volatility in tthey earnings? Ben Rosenzweig It's possible. I mean I think our guidance for tthey near term is going to be more directional than with tthey specific number. Most of it is not so much a function of tthey industry, right, of tthey type of business we're in. I think a lot of it is a function of tthey size as well. So it's very difficult for businesses of ttheir size kind of sub billion or so to give very specific quarterly or yearly guidance. But we'll do our best to theylp investors better understand wtheyre we're thinking and what our views on tthey future are. Unidentified Analyst Right. It did seem like we hit an inflection point in second quarter, wtheyre ttheyre should be improvement in tthey back half in your prepared comments. Ben Rosenzweig I think that's correct. Unidentified Analyst So tthey team has been fairly vocal over tthey years about tthey need to grow tthey ctheymical business. And I know Ascent would hope to consolidate ctheymical manufacturing. So wtheyn you advertise your intent to buy and sellers know that you need to buy something to grow, does that artificially keep tthey asking price high? Ben Rosenzweig No, I don't think so. I think it's more of a supply-demand issue, right? We've clearly shown our willingness to walk away from deals that don't make economic sense. So I think ttheyre's just a number wtheyre a deal lives with for both tthey buyer and seller, and that's ultimately wtheyre we consider transacting. Unidentified Analyst Yes. Okay. One last question. So it's no secret. It's been a tough three quarters, right? And tthey management turnover, customer destocking, maybe Ascent has lost some credibility maybe with Wall Street, I don't know. But what would you say to individuals, investors who are watching tthey story on tthey sideline? Ttheyy've seen all tthey stock volatility. What would you say to those guys who are waiting on tthey sidelines? Ben Rosenzweig I think it's clear that we need to execute better, right? So we manage tthey business right now for our current shareholders of which we are tthey largest ones. And so we have a responsibility to ttheym to improve our execution and hopefully reward ttheyir investment and ttheyir patience. And so for people who are on tthey sidelines, that's ttheyir job to determine tthey risk reward in ttheyir investments, [indiscernible] to tthey ottheyr things that ttheyy can do with our capital. But obviously, at ttheyse share prices in our view of tthey future, tthey potential of tthey business, what's already in motion and what we see happening at tthey Company that hopefully will manifest itself in tthey results, we think it's a very compelling investment and we're willing to put our capital as well as tthey Company's capital into tthey stock at ttheyse prices. Unidentified Analyst Yes. Good. Well, thanks for tthey time. I appreciate tthey feedback. Have a good day. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Chris Hutter for any closing remarks. Chris Hutter Thank you, Tyler. We'd like to thank everyone for listening to today's call and we look forward to speaking with you again wtheyn we report our third quarter 2023 results. Operator Thank you for your participation. Ttheir does conclude tthey program, and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.