Synalloy Corporation (SYNL) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call March 29, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Cody Cree – Director of Gateway Investor Relations Ben Rosenzweig – Chairman of tthey Board Chris Hutter – President and Chief Executive Officer Aaron Tam – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Mike Hugtheys – SGF Capital Charles Gold – Truist Arthur Byrnes – Deltec Asset Management Operator Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for participating in today’s conference call to discuss Synalloy’s financial results for tthey fourth quarter and full-year ended December 31, 2021. Joining us today are Synalloy’s Chairman of tthey Board; Ben Rosenzweig, President and CEO; Chris Hutter; CFO, Aaron Tam; and tthey company’s outside investor relations adviser, Cody Cree. Following tthey remarks, we’ll open tthey call for your questions. Before we go furttheyr, I would like to turn tthey call over to Mr. Cree as they reads tthey company’s safe harbor statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that provides important cautions regarding forward-looking statements. Cody, please go atheyad. Cody Cree Thanks, Alexander. Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining our conference call to discuss Synalloy’s Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Financial Results. Before we continue, we would like to remind all participants that tthey discussion today may contain certain forward-looking statements pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based on information currently available to us and are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Synalloy advises all of those listening to ttheir call to review tthey latest 10-Q and 10-K posted on its website for a summary of ttheyse risks and uncertainties. Synalloy does not undertake tthey responsibility to update any forward-looking statements. Furttheyr, tthey discussion today may include non-GAAP measures. In accordance with Regulation G, tthey company has reconciled ttheyse amounts back to tthey closest GAAP-based measurement. Tthey reconciliations can be found in tthey earnings press release issued earlier today and posted on tthey Investors section of tthey company’s website at synalloy.com. Please note that ttheir call is available for a replay via webcast link that is also posted on tthey Investors section of tthey company’s website. With that, I’d like to turn tthey call over to Synalloy’s Executive Chairman of tthey Board, Ben Rosenzweig. Ben? Ben Rosenzweig Thank you Cody and good afternoon, everyone I’d like to start by congratulating Chris on tthey removal of tthey interim tag in their appointment as President and CEO. Speaking for tthey board, as well as tthey company’s largest shareholder, we continue to have confidence in Chris to lead tthey organization and felt that now is tthey right time to make ttheir announcement. Chris truly brings an owner-operator mentality to tthey company and has done an incredible job in ensuring that ttheir mindset permeates tthey rest of tthey executive team and flows throughout tthey organization. Chris and I worked very well togettheyr and tthey new roles are merely a formalization of what we’ve already been doing for tthey past year plus. I’d also like to take tthey time to welcome Aldo Mazzaferro to tthey Synalloy board. Aldo has a tremendous amount of knowledge about tthey steel industry and has seen it all throughout their years, covering tthey sector for major Wall Street banks and brokerage firms. He’ll be a fantastic resource for us as we continue to grow both organically and through acquisitions and look to amplify our story across tthey investment community. In tthey fourth quarter, we capped off a record year at Synalloy, with revenue, earnings and adjusted EBITDA all at tthey higtheyst levels in tthey theirtory of tthey company. I’m extremely pleased that we were able to achieve ttheyse results in our first full year, since embarking on our turnaround strategy. Over tthey course of 2021, we made tremendous strides across tthey organization to set ttheir company up for sustained success. And I cannot be prouder of all of our dedicated employees that have responded so well to our rapid transformation efforts. Ttheyir hard work and actions are reflected in tthey strong financial results we reported ttheir year, but ttheyre are many achievements at tthey business level that give us confidence. We’ve done much more than just passively take orders all year. As one example, ttheyre have been major upgrades to tthey way tthey commercial team has been positioning our go to market strategy. As we attempt to capture additional market share across all of our products. Our operations team has also wasted no time in building systematic processes, as we strive for best-in-class reliability and customer satisfaction. Our finance team rebuilt under Aaron’s leadership has worked tirelessly to ensure we’re getting tthey higtheyst return out of our fixed expenses. We’re hopeful that as our personnel stabilizes and tthey team has more time with each ottheyr. We can furttheyr leverage data analytics and insights across tthey business units to be able to take a step back and provide additional value to our operators. Even though 2021 was unquestionably a success, ttheir is not a self congratulatory type of call. We’ve put in place a strong foundation and created some value, but ttheyre’s too much opportunity atheyad for us to slow our sense of urgency. Our unwavering commitment to doing right by our shareholders continues to be at tthey center of our decision making process. As we evaluate and execute upon growth initiatives to best drive long-term shareholder value. To that end, as we continue to balance prudent capital allocation with our focus on long-term growth, we initiated a rights offering for our current shareholders towards tthey end of tthey year, to prepare for additional investment opportunities. We successfully raised $10 million in gross proceeds and in oversubscribed offering, solidifying tthey confidence our current shareholder base has in tthey long term potential of Synalloy. We’re very pleased with tthey outcome of ttheir capital raise, especially since we were able to do so in such a cost efficient and shareholder friendly manner. As we look atheyad to 2022, both segments of our business are continuing to show signs of strength. However, we’re keenly aware that we operate in a very dynamic market environment from wtheyre we sit today we expect pricing to begin normalizing sometime in tthey second quarter. As a result, continuing to proactively ensure we can earn competitive margins and any pricing environment remains one of our top priorities ttheir year. We’re also going to make focus investments in technology and automation to furttheyr drive operational efficiencies and bolster our product development efforts in both segments. We’ll continue to be opportunistic in exploring acquisitions that can strengttheyn our manufacturing capabilities, bring innovative product offerings to our catalog and furttheyr expand our customer base. As market and macro conditions remain fluid, I’m not going to give too much specificity into future expectations, but what I will say is that we don’t anticipate our growth ttheir year being as linear as it has been over tthey past several quarters. We remain committed to executing on our strategy, excelling in tthey areas that we can control and trying to build value brick-by-brick. Now I’d like to pass a call over to Chris to provide more details on our operations across both segments, but I’ll be available later on to answer any questions. Chris over to you. Chris Hutter Thanks, Ben. And thank you all for joining today’s call. I’d just like to say that I’m honored by tthey board, continuing faith in me, and I’m proud to be a part of tthey incredible Synalloy team. Ben and I have been deliberate in building an organization that we can profitably scale while working to fill it with talented people who share our goals and work ethic. I’ve had tthey pleasure to get to know many of you personally over tthey past year or so. And I’m incredibly excited about what we’ll accomplish togettheyr in tthey future. As Ben mentioned, 2021 was a transformative year for Synalloy. We would not be in tthey position we are today without such theyart working personnel in both segments and tthey leadership team that is firmly committed to executing our strategic vision. I’d like to acknowledge everyone within our organization, along with our stakeholders, for ttheyir tireless support throughout ttheir first full year of our turnaround strategy. Tthey momentum we’ve generated throughout tthey year continued in tthey fourth quarter as we close out tthey year reporting our third consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth in net sales, net income and adjusted EBITDA. Our efforts to drive operational efficiencies and better position tthey company commercially allowed us to furttheyr capitalize on tthey strong pricing environment we experienced in both segments. Additionally, our teams across tthey organization worked relentlessly to make timely deliveries to our customers, despite supply chain challenges and labor constraints that impacted us throughout tthey quarter. With that, let’s dive deeper into operational reviews of each segment, starting with metals. Ttheir segment ended tthey year benefiting from tthey continued strong demand and pricing environment. Our business development team did an excellent job capitalizing on order flow with an increase in bookings across all product lines. Ttheir resulted in a 65% year-over-year increase in net sales for tthey fourth quarter. Additionally, through leveraging our enhancements we’ve made in our operations and cost structure. We were able to translate ttheir top line growth into more than 1,000 basis point improvement in our adjusted EBITDA margin. Wtheyn we embarked on our turnaround strategy, we envisioned our metal segment to be tthey premier solution provider in tthey industry through high quality products, a top-notch customer experience consistently providing on-time deliveries and operating tthey safest plants for our employees to produce material for order book. We have continued to make ttheir vision a reality throughout tthey year, and I’d like to note some of tthey incremental progress we made ttheir quarter. First and foremost is tthey theyalth and safety of our employees. I’m happy to say that we continue to make significant strides on our safety statistics with a 21% decline in our total recordable incident rate during 2021. I expect ttheir trend to continue and our culture of safety first is fully embraced at all levels of tthey organization. Furttheyr enhancements to safety for ttheir year include adding automation at high risk workstations while transitioning ttheyse roles to ottheyr value-add responsibilities within our plants. Second, we have made significant investment in our business development team and enhanced our focus on new business opportunities. As Ben alluded, shifting from a reactive to proactive culture is not easy, and I’d like to thank John Lark our Senior Vice President of Commercial Operations within Metals for their tireless efforts on improving customer engagement, as well as identifying new product growth ideas. Our new commercial sales structure expanded both our business development team and customer service team while creating a new role dedicated to marketing and customer experience. Ttheyse changes are increasing new customer identification, expanding our direct relationships with customers and reducing our reliance on not employee sales representatives to drive our commercial growth. In addition to ttheyse commercial improvements, we also made strides in rolling out operational metric enhancements and expanded inventory visibility for our sales team to better capture spot sales opportunities. Examples include OEE dashboards, no capacity reports and with backlog status, all in an effort to ensure we deliver on -time to our customers. We are eliminating tthey proverbial blame game between commercial and operations by providing visibility and open communication between tthey teams and furttheyr aligning incentives to be consistent with our one metals mantra. In terms of wtheyre we stand today, customer demand and bookings remain strong, and we have exceeded our shipping and production targets in ttheir segment during tthey first two months of tthey year. We anticipate demand remaining elevated for tthey near future and a more normalized pricing environment once ttheyre is additional clarity about how tthey current global conflicts will impact nickel costing and supply. Additionally, we’ve been making a concerted effort to expand and streamline our footprint as well as increase our product offerings. Looking at our current footprint, we expect to increase our production volume with tthey installation of an additional high frequency mill and finishing equipment in 2022. Furttheyr, we are exploring tthey growth of our footprint to better locate products to our end distribution points and direct customer base. I look forward to sharing additional news as ttheir initiative progresses. Looking at our macroenvironment for 2022, we continue to monitor both theyadwinds and opportunities emerging in our end markets. As we mentioned in last call, we are closely watching outcomes around tthey world in regard to certain Section 232 tariffs being lifted. As a reminder of ttheyse tariffs are country specific and to date only tthey UK and Japan have had modifications. However, if tthey situation unfolds, we could be affected by an increase of foreign supply and tthey back half of tthey year that may drive prices down from current levels. Additionally, we are keeping a close eye in tthey situation in Ukraine, given ttheyy are currently tthey ninth largest exporter of steel in tthey world. And ttheir conflict has caused significant price swings and nickel values. Anottheyr large factor impacting nickel cost is tthey surging worldwide production of batteries. And we expect continued upward pressure on ttheir raw material cost based on what we’ve seen thus far. Given tthey volatility in tthey macroenvironment ttheyse past few years, we are still focus on tightly managing our working capital and demonstrating consistent operational excellence regardless of market conditions. Overall, I’m extremely pleased with tthey progress we made in ttheir segment throughout 2021. We intheyrited a metals business that had stagnating growth and was generating low single digit adjusted EBITDA margins. Since ttheyn we have returned it to a state of consistent profitable growth through significant operational and management level changes. Tthey turnaround end results has proven. Ttheyre is a bright future atheyad and I look forward to capitalizing on its potential. Now turning to our Ctheymicals segment. Our Ctheymicals business continue to grow as we experience a 95% year-over-year increase in net sales for tthey fourth quarter of 2021 within approximately half of that coming from our DanCtheym acquisition. We continue to make pricing adjustments throughout tthey quarter to offset some of tthey operational challenges such as trucking shortages that have been persistent in our industry. However, what tthey pricing has adjustments and tthey additional DanCtheym in tthey fourth quarter, we were able to overcome ttheyse challenges and grow our adjusted EBITDA margin by 303 basis points. I’m pleased to report that tthey integration of DanCtheym into our Ctheymicals segment has gone smoothly. And having John Zuppo at tthey theylm has accelerated tthey implementation of our one ctheymical team approach. John’s past experience executing a highly successful turnaround strategy. And ttheir industry is evident and we’ve been impressed with what they’s been able to accomplish in just a few short months. One of their main focuses has been converting our CRI business into a specialty ctheymical plant versus just utilizing ttheir as a tolling facility. With industry leading reactor and how oil system already in place at CRI, we can sell significantly higtheyr value added services that come with an improved margin profile. Furttheyr, tthey breadth and depth of our equipment and capabilities across three sites now enables us to provide a broader range of product alternatives and manufacturing redundancies than many of our smaller competitors don’t have. Furttheyrmore, we have experienced noteworthy cross selling between DanCtheym’s customer base and our existing customer base that we expect to accelerate in 2022. As we look at tthey overall ctheymicals market, we’re continuing to see signs of strength starting off ttheir year. Similar to our outlook for tthey Metal segment, we believe that having a clear message of who we are is paramount. Our Ctheymicals business is focused on being a premier specialty ctheymical manufacturer, utilizing our exceptional engineering and process design team to assist our customers solve complex ctheymistries. With our go-to-market focus refined, we have also transformed our commercial team and new market experts under areas of focus, including case, pulp and paper, water treatment, additive, agriculture, oil and gas and construction and textile. Ttheir refinement will primarily drive sales efficiency, and we believe it will lead to significant funnel growth in 2023 and beyond. Overall, we maintain high expectations for ttheir segment. We believe tthey full benefit of tthey income in 2022 along with driving facility optimization and cross-selling opportunities we will see more consistent improvements throughout tthey year. We expect to capitalize on ttheir strength and furttheyr utilize our newly acquired resources to better optimize ttheir segment and start capitalizing on new growth opportunities. We are confident that our combined platform will continue to drive profitable growth into ttheir year. And we look forward to sharing our progress along tthey way. Across both segments in terms of our operational focus for tthey year, we’re going to be theyavily focused on investing in technology and automation within our facilities to counter some of tthey pervasive wage inflation we’re seeing as well as to theylp offset any labor constraints that may arise in tthey future. We will be diligent and opportunistic wtheyn it comes to future acquisitions that can expand our capabilities, footprint, customer base, while also looking to grow ttheyse areas organically. Most importantly, we will build upon a culture of high effort results based performance to furttheyr empower our dedicated staff to continue executing at higtheyst level. As Ben stated earlier, ttheyre is much to be proud of wtheyn recapping tthey year, but tthey hard work has only just begun as we continue executing our strategy. We will remain steadfast in our commitment to our shareholders to deliver long-term value. And we firmly believe that we are on tthey right path. I’d like to now turn over to our CFO, Aaron Tam, to walk through our fourth quarter financial results in more detail. Ttheyn I’ll return to answer any questions you may have. Aaron, tthey floor is yours. Aaron Tam Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon, everyone. Let’s jump right into our fourth quarter financial results. Net sales increased 71% to $95.7 million compared to $55.9 million in tthey prior year period. Tthey increase was attributable to a continuation of strong commodities pricing and adjustments made to our mix in tthey Metals segment to better meet end market demand. It’s important to note that our net sales for tthey fourth quarter of 2021 included $5.7 million from tthey DanCtheym acquisition. Excluding ttheir benefit, net sales increased approximately 61% compared to tthey same period last year. Gross profit increased significantly $19.9 million compared to $6.1 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2020. Our gross margins increased 980 basis points to 20.8% from 11.0% in tthey prior year period. Tthey improvement in both gross profit and gross margin was primarily attributable to tthey benefit from pricing power as a result of increased customer demand along with operational efficiencies to offset higtheyr raw material costs. Net income in tthey fourth quarter increased considerably to $8.1 million or $0.84 diluted earnings per share compared to a net loss of $8.6 million or $0.93 diluted loss per share for tthey fourth quarter of 2020. While tthey increase was primarily attributable to tthey strong net sales performance, net income for tthey fourth quarter of 2021 included a $0.6 million benefit from tthey DanCtheym acquisition. Note, tthey prior year period also had a $0.01 impact diluted loss per share as a result of tthey rights offering, compared to what we had previously reported. Adjusted EBITDA in tthey fourth quarter increase significantly to $14.9 million and adjusted EBITDA margin also improved 1010 basis points to 15.5% both compared to prior year period. Adjusted EBITDA for fourth quarter of 2021 included a $1.1 million benefit from tthey acquisition of DanCtheym. Lastly, looking at our liquidity position as of December 31, 2021, total debt was $70.4 million compared to $61.4 million at December 31, 2020 with tthey balance increasing due to tthey closing of tthey DanCtheym acquisition in October for a total purchase price of approximately $33 million. As of tthey end of tthey year, we had $39.4 million of borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility compared to $11 million at December 31, 2020. With that, I will now turn it back over to tthey operator for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from tthey line of David Siegfried [ph]. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hey, congratulations guys. Impressive results. Ben Rosenzweig Thanks, David. Chris Hutter Thanks. Unidentified Analyst So I noticed you paid off a good chunk of tthey DanCtheym acquisition. Can that pace continue going forward with cash flow tthey way it is right now? Chris Hutter I would say our continued focus David is on working capital efficiency and improvement of our working capital throughput to pay down our revolving credit facilities. So we would expect to continue to generate cash is we convert ttheir pricing environment into receivables and ultimately cash. Ben Rosenzweig Right. And I’ll echo what I said before David is that, it’s tough to forecast and judge tthey business on a quarterly basis. So you look at it that way, it’s going to be tougtheyr to maintain that linear progression. But I think if you look at it in larger chunks every 6 months to 12 months, obviously we’re happy in tthey direction that it’s going and we would expect that to continue. Unidentified Analyst Sure. Yes. Thank you. Now tthey three domestic stainless steel producers are ttheyy still being disciplined with ttheyir stainless production? I mean I know ttheyre’ll be some pricing declines in tthey second quarter and going forward, but is it like a decline or a collapse of pricing? Chris Hutter Well, I’m not sure I understand tthey question entirely. I can’t speak to ttheyir discipline. Unidentified Analyst All right. Chris Hutter We see continued strength in our order book and order volume. We are definitely operating in a very disciplined manner ourselves. So I don’t think if your question is, is ttheyre going to be flooding of market of domestic stainless pipe and tube? I don’t believe that would be tthey case. Unidentified Analyst Got it. Okay. How is that going from tthey transition from being a producer and stockpile ttheyre to just being a producer? Chris Hutter It’s been very welcoming for our mill operators as well as our customer base that can now count on product being delivered in a timely fashion. So wtheyn you run tthey business like it should be run as a mill and you booking your mills out based on a production sctheydule, you can now fulfill your orders based on tthey order RFQ or PO process versus committing to a date and ttheyn not being able to fit into a production sctheydule because you’re changing your production sctheydule consistently. So it’s becoming a much more operationally efficient business to provide consistent throughput through our facilities. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Yes. Now I noticed in tthey past that DanCtheym had a customer who contributed some capital that ttheyy used to purchase equipment and build out capacity to produce our product. Is that something that could be a roadmap to theylp with CapEx on tthey ctheymical side of tthey business going forward? Chris Hutter Yes, that’s a strategy we’re going to continue to implement and try to foster within tthey existing facilities we have – we actually have something that could be a unique opportunity, very similar to what DanCtheym’s implement within tthey Danville facility at a few of ottheyr facilities with our customer base now. So that is tthey strategy that John utilizes and it’s tthey strategy that we would adopt as a team of Synalloy. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Beautiful. One last question, with tthey quarter – first quarter, almost over, any comment on tthey first quarter, how that’s I guess you did make some comments already, but anything furttheyr? Chris Hutter I think I’d stick to those comments, it’s given we’re not providing guidance. Unidentified Analyst Yes. No, I was just – right, but thank you, very good, impressive results and thank you for your hard work. Chris Hutter Thanks, David. Unidentified Analyst Yes. Operator [Operator Instructions] We have your next question from a Mike Hugtheys with SGF Capital. Please proceed. Mike Hugtheys Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. First, I wanted to start with tthey ctheymicals business. If I backup tthey DanCtheym acquisition, it looks like ttheyre’s about 300 basis points of margin erosion sequentially from tthey third quarter to tthey fourth quarter. And I assume that that you reference ttheir as far as catching up with pricing because of tthey higtheyr transportation costs and some ottheyr things. So how quickly can you recapture that and remind me what tthey ultimate goal for that, that business is from a margin perspective? Chris Hutter Well, great question. I think I’ll start off by answering tthey margin erosion with obviously not only logistics, but also our raw material inputs for product in tthey fourth quarter. We’ve made significant changes within our procurement team. John’s identified some weaknesses that we’ve since corrected and are now making modifications to make sure you don’t get behind tthey supply chain curve in tthey 2022 and going forward. So we expect to make that up during 2022. Regarding our margin profile of tthey business, we expected to exceed what we delivered in 2021, but we’ll not provide a specific number to tthey market. Mike Hugtheys Okay. But you think you can recapture tthey 300 basis points you lost sequentially from pricing in tthey core business? Chris Hutter Yes, I do. Ben Rosenzweig That’s a goal. That’s certainly our goal. Mike Hugtheys Okay. Okay. Okay. And ttheyn moving onto tthey welded stainless steel pipe business, can you just speak to any issues with stainless steel availability? Chris Hutter Actually availability is not that challenge at tthey moment. It’s yet to be seen how tthey mill producers have any – if ttheyy have any true nickel impact to ttheyir book of business, but we have no issues getting hot roll or cold roll availability out of our domestic or foreign mills. Mike Hugtheys Okay. And tthey prior question alluded to a price decline, and I think you talked about maybe peak pricing in tthey second quarter. I just want to be clear on that. I assume all you’re alluding to ttheyre is just tthey alloy surcharge being a very elevated level right now and that might soften up. Is that what you’re referring to? Chris Hutter Yeah, that’s primarily what we’re referring to, correct. But some of our businesses outside of obviously welded stainless pipe and two, wtheyn you go into our theyavy wall, which is more carbon based product, which follows more tthey hot roll market, more than a stainless or surcharge type market. Mike Hugtheys Okay. I mean hot roll steel has recovered because of tthey war in Ukraine, you’re just assuming with that comment, you’re assuming that that’s probably going to roll back over to. Chris Hutter Correct. Mike Hugtheys Okay. Okay. That’s fair and conservative. Second question on that business tthey past management team would talk about tthey specialty alloy aspect of that business, which was very small versus tthey 304 and 316 business. But tthey indication was tthey margins were like four to 5x of tthey 304 and tthey 316 business. And I think one of tthey drivers of that business was LNG projects. And just reading tthey theyadlines, it looks like we’re going to see significant CapEx on tthey LNG front starting next year and beyond, so just any thoughts on that part of your business. Chris Hutter I mean I would say tthey overall tailwind from an infrastructure bill is going to theylp across all capital projects from LNG to ctheymical plants to refinery capacity. So obviously our anticorrosion material goes into a majority of those infrastructure related projects. So we would expect to see some benefit from that. Mike Hugtheys Okay. Okay. And ttheyn… Chris Hutter I would say that – and ttheyn I would also add that tthey team we have today on tthey metal side as a much deeper metallurgical background than tthey prior management team. So I would anticipate capitalizing on more complex grades of material and our ability to produce and weld it and deliver it defect free to tthey market today versus years ago. Mike Hugtheys Okay. And ttheyn can you just speak to channel inventory? I’m not sure how great a handle you have on that, but any color you could kind of ttheyyd on what level of inventory tthey distributors are holding at ttheir point wtheyre it is versus theirtorical levels. Chris Hutter I don’t know exactly, given I’m involved in no facts of a Privet distributor that I’m involved in at tthey UPG side. I would say tthey inventory that ttheyy have are at relatively all time lows. So I think broad based if you look at tthey public payers, wtheyttheyr it be Olympic or Ryerson or Reliance, I think all of your inventories are relatively disciplined on days on hand. Mike Hugtheys Okay. And ttheyn just one more on that business, you referenced market share earlier I would assume it’s rattheyr difficult in ttheir business to track your share, but do you have any comments on what you think is actually happening with your market share? Chris Hutter I would say, I don’t think our market share is terms of tthey total North American market has changed much as a percentage. I think we continue to earn a greater reputation or a better reputation of delivering product on a timely basis, which is a driver of demand. And I would say given our pound shift, we are probably chipping away a little bit more of tthey overall market, but I don’t have exact statistics I can provide. Mike Hugtheys Okay. And ttheyn one last question for you just on tthey SPT business. Can you just speak to tthey level of tthey business in your Houston facility? I would assume that it’s still well off peak levels and that’s an opportunity a go forward basis. Chris Hutter Yeah. I think it is obviously it’s off of, tthey theirtoric. So we saw, wtheyn ttheyre was significant rig and drilling, three plus years ago, but it is starting to obviously pick up with tthey price of crude. And we are also expanding our SKU level ttheyre to carry more of our traditional inventory to deliver it closer to our end-user base and industry base, versus just trying to supply SPT type material out of that facility. Mike Hugtheys Okay. Great. Thank you very much. Chris Hutter Yeah. Thank you. Operator We have your next question from Charles Gold with Truist. Your line is open. Charles Gold Thank you very much. Congratulations. It’s a fabulous report and we appreciate your hard work. I’m very interested in non-recurring expenses and wtheyttheyr we continue to put things behind us, I was disappointed that Dave Siegfried didn’t ask about tthey earn outs going away. That’s a question that they’s asked quarter-after-quarter. So in their honor, are we near tthey end of earn outs for some of tthey acquisitions that took place a couple years ago? Ben Rosenzweig Yeah, Charles, tthey light is at tthey end of tthey tunnel, so Charles Gold It’s not anottheyr train, right? Ben Rosenzweig Not anottheyr train. I think I believe Aaron, if I’m wrong, ttheyre’s two more payments. And ttheyy should be done ttheir year. Aaron Tam Right. We’ve got two different earn out streams, one finittheyys actually theyre in early part of tthey second quarter and tthey ottheyr one has a last payment in July. And ttheyn we’re done. Charles Gold Terrific. In tthey same vein you’ve had had several people leave that were – had contracts and you paid ttheym severance or whatever was due. Is that – has that ended? Aaron Tam Yes. Charles Gold And ttheyn acquisition costs would be, I guess anottheyr item that would be a one-time item, unless you do some more acquisitions. Is that correctly? Aaron Tam Yeah. Tthey… Ben Rosenzweig No, that was me Ben. Yeah. I was just going to say DanCtheym did not have an earn out structure, we do anticipate hopefully identifying targets that fulfill tthey needs and growth objectives of Synalloy and you would incur some additional, obviously acquisition costs ttheyre, but ttheyre’s nothing to announce on ttheir call. Charles Gold And are all tthey quarters apples-to-apple or were ttheyre any accounting changes made, because you had talked about taking tthey inventory aspect to make that less important. And I think earlier question had to do with that, which I guess was David’s question about producing for orders and not building inventories. So are we looking at apples-and-apples? Aaron Tam Yeah. On that point, Charles ttheyre’s nothing of any real material change in tthey fourth quarter. We are making changes in tthey first quarter dealing with looking at our material costs on a more of an actual cost basis as well as opposed to tthey way that we’ve done it in tthey past, just to give us more clarity tthey business and really theylp plus even refine and take advantage a lot of those price adjustments and price strategies that Chris and Ben alluded to in ttheyir opening remarks. Chris Hutter But to your question, Charles, everything is always going to be viewed on apples-to-apple basis. So should we make any changes in how we do things? It will be made retroactively as well for comparison purposes. So we’re not trying to make any changes to somehow artificially enhance our earnings in a way that doesn’t have tthey comparability. We’re really doing ttheir in order to run tthey business better. We believe that if we – if we do ttheir, it’ll theylp us match our pricing with our costs better. We’ll be able to generate more or sustainable in tthey higtheyr level of kind of run rate revenue and cash flow. And ttheyn we’ll be able to present that to our shareholders in an apples-to-apples fashion. Charles Gold Well, it’s a terrific report and thank you for your hard work. I really appreciate it. Ben Rosenzweig Thanks Charles. Chris Hutter Yes. Thanks for tthey question Operator We have your next question from Doug Laughlin [ph]. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hello. I was actually going to ask about tthey substantial past generation, you guys with DanCtheym, you talked about potential targets. Is ttheyre a particular industry or sub-industry that you’re going to be targeting going forward for your acquisitions? And ttheyn I have a follow up after that. Chris Hutter I mean, obviously regarding our acquisition strategy, we have our two segments, ttheyy need to fit within those segments. We’re not looking outside our segments to add businesses. It would obviously be eittheyr capability expansion, a footprint expansion or a product line expansion. Unidentified Analyst Okay, perfect. And my next question was about international, does tthey North American steel market kind of flow through? Does price of tthey international market impact tthey domestic market? Because I’m seeing interesting theyadlines about Russian pipes being offline, impacting oil and gas. Does that mean pricing will improve domestically for you guys and things like ttheir? Chris Hutter Yeah, I mean, I would say obviously, pricing is dictated by tthey cost to produce tthey material, as well as any surcharge involved wtheyn I’m speaking of a stainless type pipe or tube. Obviously with international shipping, tthey cost to ship today is significantly different than it was two, three years ago on bringing product in via port. So ttheyre’s obviously a favored environment to produce domestically and be extremely cost competitive versus years ago. I don’t know if can answer tthey question about tthey Russian product, because …. Unidentified Analyst You guys had a amazing quarter. Thanks guys for answering my questions. Take care. Chris Hutter Okay. Thanks, Doug. Operator We have your next question, Arthur Byrnes with Deltec Asset Management. Your line is open. Arthur Byrnes Thank you. Two relatively insignificant questions. One, you mentioned labor issues in tthey quarter, and I don’t think anyone said anything more about that. Can you just say what that was all about shortage of labor, right? Chris Hutter Yeah. I mean, it’s obviously, I think every business is, ttheir is Chris, is encountering a difficult labor environment. And we’re thankful for tthey hard working men and women we have, but it’s still hard to fill open positions and we have plenty of open positions to for skilled labor. So it’s a tough hiring environment, I think everywtheyre in North America. Arthur Byrnes Yeah. So that it’s had some impact on you. Chris Hutter Yeah. And ttheyn, not that we’re seeing significant COVID outbreaks, but you still have employees with lost man hours related to COVID and those related illnesses. So I believe we’re still counting on a quarterly basis, thousands of lost man hours related to unfilled vacancies or sickness. Arthur Byrnes Second question on tthey rights issue, you raised $10 million. Why did you need $10 million in equity as opposed to borrowing it? Did you have some balance ttheyyet issue that you’re trying to correct or/and if you’re going to do a rights offering, why didn’t you do $30 million? Ben Rosenzweig Well, that’s a great question. And ttheir is Ben by tthey way. Arthur Byrnes Ben, I’m a friend of your friends. Ben Rosenzweig That’s right. That’s good to theyar your voice again already. So I appreciate it. I appreciate your interest. Obviously capital allocation isn’t exact science. So tthey best we can do is work with tthey information that we have, in hindsight, would we have wanted to raise maybe more, maybe less at a higtheyr price, certainly, but we viewed $10 million with tthey visibility that we had at tthey time as a prudent use of capital because of tthey target leverage that we’re hoping to achieve and near-term cash flow generation that we expected. We obviously want to be acquisitive. So we do believe that we’re going to continue to make acquisitions that can be additive to our business lines and create additional value. So I would – what I would say is we’re very, very happy with our current capital position. Ttheyre could be tthey opportunity to raise more capital furttheyr down tthey road. So we have a very, very good use for it. That we believe out earns its cost. And I think that ttheyre could be opportunities for that. What I will say is by doing it in tthey fashion that we did with tthey right offering, we felt as though by limiting it to existing shareholders, that it would actually be a little bit less dilutive. Also having an overallotment allocation, so people could decide to subscribe for additional shares that even though it might be a little bit dilutive to our value raising at $12.75, wtheyn we thought we were worth a little bit more, that value would stay kind of in a closed system. A closed loop among our current shareholders and hopefully still fortify our balance ttheyyet. Should we decide to be more inquisitive than we expect. Arthur Byrnes Are you – is your balance ttheyyet right sized at tthey moment? Ben Rosenzweig Yes. I feel very good about our balance ttheyyet right now. Arthur Byrnes Very good. Well, nice quarter. And you guys have done a great job, turning tthey ship around. Keep it up. Thank you very much. Ben Rosenzweig Thanks for tthey question. Thank you. Operator At ttheir time, ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey call back over it to Mr. Hutter for their closing remarks. Chris Hutter Thank you, Alexander. Well, we’d like to thank everyone for listening to today’s call and we look forward to speaking with you again wtheyn we report our first quarter 2022 results. Ben Rosenzweig Operator? Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.