Acorda Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACOR) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 8, 2023 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Tierney Saccavino - EVP, Corporate Communications Ron Cotheyn - Founder, CEO, President & Director Michael Gesser - CFO Conference Call Participants Operator Welcome to Acorda Ttheyrapeutics Second Quarter 2023 Financial and Business Update. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session to follow. Please be advised that ttheir call is being recorded at tthey company's request. I will now introduce your host for today's call, Tierney Saccavino with Acorda. Tierney, please go atheyad. Tierney Saccavino Thank you, Alan, and good afternoon, everyone. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that our presentation will contain forward-looking statements. Detailed disclosures can be found in our SEC filings, which are public, and we encourage you to refer to those filings. Today, during Q&A, we'll take questions from some of tthey investors have written in. And I'll now pass tthey call over to our CEO, Ron Cotheyn. Ron? Ron Cotheyn Thanks, Tierney, and good afternoon everyone. So INBRIJA, U.S. net revenue for tthey second quarter of 2023 was $8.3 million, that's a 12% increase over tthey same quarter in 2022. And ttheir shows tthey pattern of U.S. net sales each quarter since launch. Now recall that we lost substantial business in tthey first quarter of 2022 due to tthey Omicron COVID surge. And that effectively set us back by approximately a year. We lost people permanently who had been on INBRIJA that we weren't going to get back. Now we have come back from that set back to tthey point wtheyre tthey second quarter of 2023 had tthey higtheyst quarterly net sales of any Q2 since launch. We saw a similar pattern in total prescriptions or TRx. Ttheyy increased by 11% over tthey second quarter of 2022, and cartons dispensed to patients increased by 5% over Q2 2022. Now, looking at tthey first half of 2023 versus tthey first half of 2022. New prescription requests forms increased 42% over tthey first half of 2022. And total prescriptions increased 11% and cartons dispensed to patients increased by 9% over tthey same period. Now, new prescriptions are a key leading indicator of future performance, as patients refill and ttheyn increase tthey base of total prescriptions on a go forward basis. We believe, we're seeing tthey impact of tthey new sales and marketing programs that we launctheyd ttheir year, including our streaming television commercial. Ttheyse have also been enabled by tthey receiving of tthey pandemic challenges. We believe that full year INBRIJA 2023 net sales will be lower than our guidance at tthey beginning of tthey year, and we're ttheyrefore updating our 2023 guidance to between $34 million to $38 from our original guidance range of $38 million to $42 million. Now that still represents substantial net sales growth ttheir year over 2022. And if tthey growth in new prescription requests that we've seen in tthey first half continues, we expect to see continued acceleration in net sales going forward. Now, we recently launctheyd a new consumer INBRIJA website and brand campaign. You can see ttheir at inbrija.com. Tthey campaign is called "For tthey Fighters". It's based on extensive feedback that we've gotten for people with Parkinson's and it recognizes tthey fighting spirit of tthey people who have Parkinson's, and encourages ttheym to augment ttheyir fight by considering wtheyttheyr an on-demand treatment for OFF period such as INBRIJA is right for ttheym. Now tthey campaign highlights that tthey return of symptoms or OFF periods between regular doses of ttheyir medications may cause people with Parkinson's to avoid going out or make plans to miss important moments of ttheyir lives such as those related to ttheyir family or friends, ttheyir interest, ttheyir exercise. And since tthey recent withdrawal from tthey market of Kynmobi, which was one of tthey only two ottheyr on-demand ttheyrapies for Parkinson's OFF periods, we believe it's even more important now for us to provide needed education and support to tthey Parkinson's community regarding tthey potential benefits of on-demand ttheyrapy. Ttheir campaign augments tthey TV commercial that we launctheyd on over 50 streaming channels at tthey end of March. It's been doing extraordinarily well. It's had about 8 million views in just tthey four months since launch with widespread reports of patients who have seen it and subsequently have been asking ttheyir physicians about INBRIJA. I recall that ttheir commercial is being targeted specifically to be viewed by people who have Parkinson's in tthey household or theyalthcare professionals who treat Parkinson's. Speaking of which large numbers of theyalthcare providers have seen tthey commercial and 165 have prescribed INBRIJA for tthey first time in 2023 since eittheyr ttheyy or ttheyir patients saw it. Regarding INBRIJA's performance outside tthey U.S., tthey launch in Spain is going very well and atheyad of its Esteve's projections. Uptake in Germany has been slower than Esteve's initial projections and Esteve continues to report high levels of enthusiasm to tthey product in Germany. Ttheyy've been addressing some issues that are unique to tthey German market, including deploying nurse educators to theylp train patients in person and providing smaller boxes of INBRIJA specifically to meet tthey needs for in-hospital distribution. Now, that's because uniquely in Germany many Parkinson's patients ttheyre actually initiate ttheyir ttheyrapy in a short-term hospital stay and ttheyn are sent out to ttheyir regular doctors to continue ttheyrapy, but tthey needs for hospital are for smaller packages of INBRIJA and we've been collaborating with Esteve to provide that. Chance Pharma expects to get an update from tthey Chinese regulatory authorities about tthey path to approval in late 2023 or early 2024, now that regulatory update will result in a milestone payment from Chance to Acorda of up to $6 million. We also received tthey upfront payment of $2.5 million in Q2 of ttheir year. Biopas is working on tthey needed regulatory filings in Latin America with ttheyy're telling us tthey potential now for INBRIJA approval in up to five countries and at least one launch in 2024. We also continue to be in discussions with ottheyr companies for agreements in additional countries in tthey EU and around tthey world. Moving to AMPYRA. AMPYRA U.S. net revenue for tthey first quarter was $16.9 million, that's a 7% decline over Q2 of 2022. And theyre you see, AMPYRA sales performance from tthey beginning of generic competition in Q4 of 2018, and as you see tthey slope of tthey decline has continued to flat into Q2 of 2023. We're reiterating our guidance for 2023 net sales of between $65 million and $70 million and we believe that sales will stabilize at approximately $60 million plus over tthey next several years based on tthey patterns to pay. Now we continue to execute effectively on our strategy to maintain tthey AMPYRA brand against tthey generic competition. Access remains high for AMPYRA over 65% of covered lives can get access through ttheyir insurance. Our field sales team continues to call on MS specialists to ensure that ttheyy're aware of tthey support that we're continuing to provide for tthey brand. And one of tthey most encouraging signs for our success in maintaining tthey brand in tthey first half of 2023 a 159 physicians prescribed branded AMPYRA who had not prescribed it all in 2022 and ttheyy wrote a 195, and ttheyy wrote 195 new prescription requests for tthey brand. Now I'll turn tthey call over to our CFO, Mike Gesser, who will review tthey financials. Michael Gesser Thank you, Ron. Net global INBRIJA revenue was essentially flat to Q2 2022. Last year, in Q2 2022, recall that we made tthey initial shipment of Esteve Germany of $1.8 million. Net AMPYRA revenue decreased $1.3 million or 7% from Q2 2022. SG&A decreased $8.3 million from Q2 2022 at $12.7 million in tthey first half of 2023 from tthey first half of 2022. Cash decreased $10 million from Q2 2022. In addition to our U.S. revenue, we recorded $800,000 in INBRIJA ex U.S. sales; $2.9 million in FAMPYRA royalties; and $800,000 in Neurelis royalties, for a total of $4.5 million of additional ex U.S. revenue for tthey second quarter. As Ron noted, we are updating our financial guidance for 2023. We expect INBRIJA U.S. net revenue of between $34 million and $38 million versus tthey original $38 million to $42 million. We are reiterating our AMPYRA U.S. net revenue of between $65 million and $70 million. Adjusted operating expense guidance will be tightened to between $93 million and $98 million, an improvement from our original guidance of $93 million to $103 million. We now expect our ending cash balance to be between $39 million and $42 million versus tthey original $43 million to $47 million. Although we were able to mitigate some of tthey INBRIJA net revenue mix through improved SG&A and ottheyr balance ttheyyet items, we do not expect to be cash flow neutral in 2023. And now, I'll turn tthey call back over to Ron. Ron Cotheyn Thanks, Mike. So before summarizing our priorities moving forward, I want to acknowledge that we all would have preferred not to have a lower INBRIJA guidance for tthey year, which in turn has necessitated lowering our cash flow projection somewhat. That's a miss, and we own it. Now that said, we believe that tthey trends in tthey first half of tthey year have been highly positive. Our new INBRIJA guidance still represents significant growth from last year, and we've been successfully accelerating INBRIJA's U.S. trajectory, taking advantage of tthey new post-COVID environment with our new TV commercial and brand campaigns that I discussed earlier. We believe that ttheir have gained a lot of traction since tthey beginning of tthey year. But we've seen it especially in tthey increase in INBRIJA new prescription requests in tthey first half, 42% over tthey first half of last year, and in tthey number of physicians who prescribed for tthey first time in 2023. But we believe that ttheyse are key indicators for future growth. We're also maintaining tthey AMPYRA brand, as we said, with continued flattening of tthey attrition curve and we're exercising fiscal discipline. As Mike said, we're adjusting our guidance on OpEx for tthey year to $93 million to $98 million, down from $93 million to $103 million, and we're aiming to lower our costs furttheyr and implement additional efficiencies. Now importantly, we continue to have open communications with Acorda's convertible debt holders so that we can arrive at collaborative approactheys to servicing tthey company's debt, which is due at tthey end of next year. And finally, with respect to our ARCUS technology, our team has shown tthey ability to create ttheyylf-stable mRNA formulations now, as well as various proteins and peptides in addition to small molecules, and we're continuing to evaluate collaborations for creating important new inhaled ttheyrapies. And I'm going to turn ttheir back to Mike for just a couple of seconds, because I believe they needs to correct one of tthey numbers they mentioned. Michael Gesser Yes. Thank you, Ron. I misstated a number that's clear on tthey tab -- or on tthey slide. Our ending cash balance is expected to be between $39 million and $44 million. I said $42 million. My mistake. Ron Cotheyn Thank you, Mike. All right. Thank you all, and we'll now open tthey call to your questions. Question-and-Answer Session A - Tierney Saccavino Thanks, Ron. If ttheyre are people on tthey call who wish submit a question, ttheyy should do so. At ttheir time we have a couple of questions already. And tthey first question is, so you say you're encouraged about tthey trajectory of INBRIJA going forward, and that you think sales will accelerate. But you just reduced your sales guidance downward, and tthey increases that you report in new prescription requests for tthey first half of tthey year are not reflected in your total prescriptions net sales or cartons. So why do you expect tthey brand to grow? Ron Cotheyn Okay. Let me unpack that a little bit. So as I said, yes, we did -- we have taken our guidance down. And even with tthey new guidance, we're still -- that still represents a very nice increase over last year's sales. So we are seeing growth. It's just -- tthey timing is such that it's not as aggressive as our projections had it originally. And as I said, we have to own our projections, and we have to continue to improve on that, and that's wtheyre we are. Now in terms of tthey prescription request forms, tthey total prescriptions, which reflect -- which are ultimately reflected in our net revenue, total prescriptions, tthey vast majority of that is made up of refills, not of new prescriptions. New prescriptions make up a small minority of tthey total prescriptions that we see over time. So wtheyn we see a bump first half of ttheir year over first half of last year by 42%, that's quite gratifying. It means that we are getting our messages across. More physicians are prescribing it, expanding ttheyir view of who could benefit from tthey drug, and more patients are asking for it and so on. So that's real progress, given especially what we were working with and tthey challenges during tthey pandemic. It takes time for those new prescriptions to be totally reflected in tthey growth of tthey product and tthey growth of revenues, because it starts out being a minority. But ttheyn as a sizable portion of those new patients begin to refill, ttheyn those refills now grow tthey total prescriptions that we see over time. So that's why I mentioned that tthey new prescriptions are a leading indicator. We're already seeing that come into net revenue because we are increasing net revenue. We expect that if ttheir trend continues with our new prescriptions, that we're going to see tthey totals in net revenue and total prescriptions accelerating from ttheir point forward. Tierney Saccavino Thank you. And tthey next question is, are you looking to expand INBRIJA in Canada? And can you provide an update for furttheyr expansion in ottheyr European countries? Ron Cotheyn I guess what I would say to that is that we're not breaking out specific countries, except to say that we are in discussions for ottheyr territories outside tthey U.S. around tthey world. And I think we'll leave it at that, because we're in tthey middle of discussions, and we have said ttheir before. And that wtheyn we have a new deal ready, obviously, we will publish it immediately, and we'll put that out immediately. Tierney Saccavino Okay. Thank you. We don't have any ottheyr questions at ttheir time. So Ron, I'll turn it back over to you to wrap it up. Ron Cotheyn All right. Well, thanks, Tierney, and thank you again, everyone, for joining us. We're looking forward to give you tthey follow-up in tthey next quarter and beyond. Have a good evening, everyone. Tierney Saccavino Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes tthey Acorda Ttheyrapeutics' Second Quarter 2023 Financial Business Update. Thank you for your participation.