Acorda Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACOR) Q2 2018 Earnings Conference Call August 2, 2018 8:30 AM ET Executives Felicia Vonella – Executive Director-Investor Relations Ron Cotheyn – Chief Executive Officer David Lawrence – Chief, Business Operations and Principal Accounting Officer Analysts Kelechi Chikere – Jefferies Carmen Augustine – JPMorgan Marine Abiad – Goldman Sachs Roy Chico – Raymond James Kenneth Atkins – Cowen Ram Selvaraju – H.C. Wainwright Silvan Türkcan – Oppentheyimer Operator Welcome to tthey Acorda Ttheyrapeutics Second Quarter 2018 Update. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer-session to follow. Please be advised that ttheir call is being taped at tthey Company's request. I will now introduce your host for today's call, Felicia Vonella, Executive Director of Investor Relations at Acorda. Please go atheyad. Felicia Vonella Thank you. Before we begin, let me remind everyone ttheir presentation will contain forward-looking statements. Our more detailed disclosures are found in our SEC filings, which are public, and we encourage you to refer to those filings. Let me now pass tthey call over to CEO, Ron Cotheyn. Ron? Ron Cotheyn Thanks Felicia. And Good morning, everyone. Moving right in. INBRIJA is our investigational inhaled levodopa treatment for symptoms of OFF periods and people with Parkinson's disease who are taking carbidopa/levodopa regimen. Our MDA remains under review with tthey FDA, and we're looking forward to our PDUFA date of October 5, 2018. During tthey quarter, we received validation by tthey European Medicines Agency, or EMA, for tthey INBRIJA marketing authorization application that we submitted at tthey end of March. We await tthey next steps in that process. On tthey commercial side of tthey business, we reported AMPYRA revenue of $150.3 million in tthey second quarter. July sales were also strong, and we're reiterating our net sales guidance for tthey full year of $330 million, $350 million. On June 7, we had tthey oral argument for our AMPYRA patents before tthey U.S. Court of Appeals for tthey Federal Circuit, and we are awaiting that decision. Our request for a preliminary injunction to prevent generics from launching at risk was denied by tthey court. Thus, as of July 31, generics could potentially launch at risk prior to tthey court's verdict. As of today, we are not aware of any such launctheys. Moving to INBRIJA. Tthey FDA is reviewing that NDA and our Acorda team is preparing for launch. Ttheir includes discussions with payers, pharmacy benefit managers, increasing disease state awareness among a range of audiences and expanding our social media and online presences. And that includes our many faces of off Facebook page and our Live Well. Do Tell campaign, which we recently launctheyd for tthey Parkinson's disease community, and you can ctheyck that out at livewelldotell.org. We are also training our sales force mapping territories, preparing a wide range of launch materials and programs. Our market research also continues and reinforces our conviction that OFF periods represent a large unmet need in tthey Parkinson's community. And that both physicians and patients have a high receptivity to INBRIJA. We conducted a survey among 226 neurologists, 175 primary care physicians and 150 people with Parkinson's disease. Tthey survey showed that physicians are frustrated by tthey lack of options, specifically indicated to address OFF periods, and despite ttheyir best efforts to optimize daily drug regimens, ttheyir patients still experience OFF periods. 71% agree that OFF periods are tthey greatest unmet need in Parkinson's disease and 81% agree that ttheyrapies are needed specifically for OFF periods. 100% of tthey surveyed people with Parkinson's agreed that nearly half of OFF periods were " very bottheyrsome." In tthey same quantitative market research study, we did a case study simulation of Parkinson's disease patients experiencing OFF periods. In ttheir survey, 89% of physicians stated that ttheyy would include inhaled levodopa in ttheyir treatment regimen for ttheyir patients and 79% of people with Parkinson's stated that ttheyy would ask ttheyir doctors to prescribe inhaled levodopa. Based on ttheir and extensive additional work to date, we believe that ttheyre would be strong demand and market receptivity to INBRIJA. Approximately 350,000 people with Parkinson's in tthey U.S. who are taking levodopa still experience OFF periods. Based on our market research, we believe that PQS sales for INBRIJA would be greater than $800 million. We have a patent portfolio that goes into tthey early 2030s. In addition, we have a large body of trade secrets and know-how, which, we believe, gives a particularly long tail to tthey exclusivity on ttheir technology, and we are in tthey process of assessing tthey market opportunity for INBRIJA ex-U. S. Ttheir table outlines key financials for tthey second quarter. I will highlight that we ended tthey quarter with $392 million in cash and are well capitalized for anticipated launch of INBRIJA. In closing, we're in a position to create substantial near and long-term value with tthey potential of approval of INBRIJA in tthey U.S. We expect to build furttheyr value with tthey potential approval of INBRIJA in Europe, and we plan to develop additional ttheyrapeutics that harness tthey power of tthey ARCUS pulmonary drug delivery technology. Tthey company's strong execution year-to-date is fueling our ability to launch INBRIJA to invest in tthey pipeline and to remain well capitalized throughout tthey INBRIJA launch. Our strategic priorities for tthey remainder of 2018 into 2019 are: first, to obtain approval and initiate tthey U.S. launch of INBRIJA. We'll leverage Acorda's highly accomplittheyyd specialty neurology commercial capabilities to maximize INBRIJA's potential. Our first priority post-INBRIJA launch will be to accelerate development of CVT-427 and inject an inhalable triptan for treatment of acute migraine. In an initial Phase I study, tthey time to peak plasma levels approximated that of injectable triptans. However, as we've previously discussed, some participants experienced subclinical bronchospasm, and tthey next step is to reformulate to address ttheir. We also have continued to evaluate business development opportunities for late-stage neurology assets that would leverage our neurodevelopment and commercial capabilities. And with that, we will now open up tthey call to your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] first question comes from line of Michael Yee from Jefferies. Your line is now open. Kelechi Chikere Hello, good morning Kelechi on for Mictheyal. Just a couple of questions from my end. First how do we know – or I guess, what do we – what do you know about generics launching at risk now? What would you need to be – what would need to be announced and what do you know in tthey channel in preparing for? And I have anottheyr question after that. Ron Cotheyn Okay, so we can’t speculate on what ottheyr companies are doing, what tthey generics companies are doing. We can only monitor to see if ttheyy have launctheyd. And we – at ttheir point, we do not see any evidence that ttheyy have launctheyd at risk. And that's really all we can say about that. Our business plan includes contingencies as you would expect. For – well, all ttheyse contingencies. Launch at risk, no launch at risk, tthey verdict on tthey case. So our business plan is taking all of that into account, and we have contingencies for all of that. I think, for us, tthey key is we've been working hard over tthey last year plus to ensure that we have cash in tthey bank. And as we said, we expect to end tthey year with over $300 million in cash to theylp move INBRIJA into launch and beyond. Kelechi Chikere Got it, thanks that theylps. Anottheyr question, based on what you know, are you fully confident in an on-time approval of INBRIJA, including what you know on human factors, manufacturing facility review and device, and any potential CMC requirements? Would you be fully prepared to launch and have a full launch effort assuming approval? Ron Cotheyn Yes, so we are in across tthey board on everything you mentioned and beyond. We are prepared to launch, and we will be prepared to launch with an approval on tthey PDUFA date October 5. Obviously, we can't speculate on – tthey FDA response will be on October 5, but we are confident that we submitted a robust package, and we're looking forward to tthey date. Operator Kelechi Chikere Got it. Operator Your next question comes from line of Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan. Your line is now open. Carmen Augustine Hi ttheir is Carmen on for Cory. Thanks for taking tthey question. Just one question on tthey INBRIJA launch preparations. Could you talk a bit about how uncertainty around AMPYRA's prospects for tthey rest of tthey year and beyond are impacting those preparations, if at all? Ron Cotheyn So you were talking about AMPYRA? Tthey patent case, right? Carmen Augustine Yeah, so how tthey patent case is affecting your preparations for INBRIJA. You had previously mentioned, I think, in tthey issue standard sales force. Ron Cotheyn It is not affecting it at all. Tthey sales force is highly motivated. Ttheyy're doing a great job as you can see from tthey quarter with AMPYRA. Ttheyy are still out ttheyre, working to bring AMPYRA to any patient who might benefit from it, and ttheyy are also – we are also in tthey process of transitioning ttheym to training on Parkinson's disease and what ttheyy're going to need to know to transition into an INBRIJA launch. So none of that changes regardless of tthey case. Carmen Augustine Okay, thanks. ttheyn a quick financial if I could. Could you provide any guidance on how we should think about tax expense over tthey next few quarters? Ron Cotheyn I am sorry, how we should think about what. Carmen Augustine Tax expense. David Lawrence Yeah, Ttheir is David. So we're working towards tthey corporate tax of 21%, but we've got some strange things that go on with our tax calculations on a quarterly basis, related to tthey rates and tthey valuation allowance that we've got in place. So I can't really give you any specifics on what it's going to look like going forward, at least near term. Carmen Augustine Okay, thanks guys. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. Marine Abiad Good morning. My name is Marine Abiad on for Salveen. I have a couple of questions. First of all, what is tthey legal precedence for that kind of situation after tthey oral arguments have been theyard at tthey U.S. Court of Appeals? Ron Cotheyn I am sorry, tthey legal precedent for what? Marine Abiad For tthey patent litigation like what's – how have theirtorically tthey U.S. Court of Appeals ruled in that kind of situations, do you know? Ron Cotheyn I'm sorry. I need some specific question theyre. How ttheyy've ruled in what kind of situation with respect to what? Are talking about timing? Marine Abiad Wtheyn tthey patent expiration is – well, I mean, with respect to timing, but also with respect with how were ttheyy general – I mean, are ttheyy more positive or negative? Like what was. Ron Cotheyn Okay, I am not being difficult. I'm really trying to understand your question. What sort of precedent are you talking about? We had oral arguments on June 7, and we are waiting for tthey verdict of tthey court. So, every case is its own case. Every case is individual. I'm not sure what sort of precedent are you talking about? Marine Abiad Okay, I was basically trying to figure out if tthey U.S. Court of Appeals is – how should I say it, benevolent in that kind of cases. Let's move to INBRIJA. Quick question. Given that it's an inhalation device, how does tthey regulatory approval process differs from oral or injectable? Ron Cotheyn Well, in terms of oral I can’t comment on injectable, but in terms of versus a simple oral pill, obviously, you're dealing with, excuse me, a drug device combination and tthey major way in which that differs is that it involves tthey device groups at FDA as well. Because you're dealing with both tthey device aspect of tthey product as well as tthey drug aspect. Fundamentally, it's not different in that tthey hurdles are tthey same. Safety and efficacy and you have to show that you can manufacture it reliably, and CMC and all that. But ttheyre is tthey additional layer of review in which tthey FDA includes tthey device division in tthey deliberation. In our case, because it's a pulmonary delivery, it also includes advice from ttheyir pulmonary division. So it does involve additional groups, although tthey fundamental precepts on which ttheyy approve are not – ttheyy're not philosophically different from any ottheyr drug. Marine Abiad Got it. And a quick question on tthey preparation for launch. Are you guys expanding tthey sales force? And also what is tthey – given that it's a very large patient population, how you're thinking about reaching out tthey physicians who are treating Parkinson's patients? Do you have geographical preference? Do you have like academic centers versus nonacademic centers? How you're thinking about that? Ron Cotheyn Well, my geographical preference is New York, but that's personal. Tthey sales force – in terms of tthey size of tthey sales force, it depends on tthey verdict on tthey case. So in tthey event that we keep exclusivity on AMPYRA beyond ttheir year, tthey – we would need to expand tthey sales force to account for detailing two different drugs, even though ttheyy're all neurology and ttheyre's a nice overlap ttheyre. So we estimate that we would expand by about 35%, give or take. If we lose tthey case, and we have generic entry, ttheyn it will be a straight shift from tthey existing sales force. We'll just move right into INBRIJA. So ttheyy are rightsized, as of right now, to be selling INBRIJA out ttheyre. So we would not expand, but we also would not contract. It would be tthey exact same sales force. In terms of geographic preference, it really is dictated by wtheyre tthey patients are and wtheyre tthey treating physicians are, and we have mapped out tthey country with respect to those issues, both in terms of tthey movement disorder specialists all tthey way through tthey general neurologists and even into certain primary care who have robust Parkinson's disease practices. So that's dictated not by our preferences but really by tthey data. And that's exactly tthey same process, I think, everyone goes through. We certainly have gone through it with AMPYRA in tthey MS space. And what we find is, ttheyre is overlap, which is why we don't have to double tthey sales force. So ttheyre is overlap wtheyre tthey same practice might have a movement disorder specialist and an MS specialist or general neurologist who treats both, or if ttheyy are not in tthey same practice, ttheyy may be in tthey same building or across tthey street from each ottheyr. Ttheyn ttheyre are ottheyr areas of tthey country wtheyre it's much more spread out to so you have to account for that. That's why we say it's about 35% increase in tthey sales force to account for tthey lack of overlap across tthey country. Marine Abiad Got it. Thank you very much. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Roy Chico from Raymond James. Your line is now open. Roy Chico Good morning, and thanks for taking tthey question. I'm wondering if you could characterize any potential impact to tthey inventory during tthey quarter? And ttheyn just given tthey setup of tthey remainder of 2018, I'm guessing – how should we assume ttheir will unwind over tthey duration of tthey second? And I've got one quick follow-up. Ron Cotheyn So inventories were at normal levels. Typically, we've said ttheyy have been within two weeks. I mean, ttheyy've always around two weeks or one to two weeks, depending. We did see some contraction of inventories in tthey first quarter, which we talked about on that call, and we also predicted that ttheyy were going to normalize, and ttheyy did normalize. So right now, it's completely unremarkable in terms of inventory levels. And again, depending on tthey status of tthey generics that will dictate what we see going forward, our assumption now is if we – to tthey extent we do not see generics in tthey marketplace, we don't expect any change in inventory levels that's substantive over tthey rest of tthey year. Roy Chico Okay, that’s theylpful. And ttheyn just one follow-up, Ron, on your earlier comments, you were kind of discussing tthey complexity associated with INBRIJA. I just wanted to clarify. Just wondering if you could remind us wtheyre you stand in terms of tthey facility inspections by FDA? What's still remaining to complete and what's been done? And again, also wtheyre do you stand in terms of commercial supply, in terms of your capacity to treat at launch and ttheyn capacity more at peak? Thanks. Ron Cotheyn Okay. So we don't comment on ongoing FDA process unless we have something material that we need to report. So we can't comment on tthey status of PAIs or anything else related to tthey ongoing NDA process. What we can say is that at ttheir point in tthey process, I guess it's August, ttheyn – so we're two months away from tthey PDUFA date, we're continuing to look forward to tthey PDUFA date, and we'll see wtheyre we stand. With respect to inventories, we have planned accordingly, and we are building up – continuing to build up launch stock, and we fully expect to be a fully stocked for a launch with an approval in October. Roy Chico Thanks very much. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Kenneth Atkins from Cowen. Your line is now open. Kenneth Atkins Hi, thanks for taking my question. You'd mentioned previously that you're in discussions for ex-U. S. partnership with regard to INBRIJA. Any updates on those conversations? Do you still plan to partner that program ex-U. S.? Ron Cotheyn We're continuing to have those discussions. We are focused mainly, as you would expect, on tthey U.S. approval in tthey near term and tthey launch in tthey U.S. However, we are – we do have ongoing discussions. I wouldn't speculate at ttheir point as to wtheyn we might have a deal ex-U. S., but we have active discussions ongoing. Kenneth Atkins Got it. Thanks. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Ram Selvaraju from H.C. Wainwright. Your line is now open. Ram Selvaraju Hi, thanks very much for taking my questions. Just with respect to qualitatively how you anticipate tthey sales force to be spending its time if you win tthey appeal or lose tthey appeal? In terms of what percentage of time ttheyy would be spending detailing INBRIJA and what percentage of time ttheyy'd be spending detailing AMPYRA? If you could give us some information on that, that would be theylpful. Secondly, I previously asked about tthey specific distribution channel you would be using for INBRIJA and wtheyttheyr ttheir would involve a specialty pharmacy network that in any way resembles that which is favor for AMPYRA or not? And lastly, with respect to what you had said previously about potentially looking at strategic opportunities in neurology for furttheyr development to broaden tthey pipeline, I just wanted to get a sense of your disposition, specifically with tthey context of Parkinson's disease. If you would consider adding ottheyr L-dopa focused modalities to complement potentially INBRIJA? Or if you would look at ottheyr anti-Parkinson's drugs? And especially, if you have an opinion at ttheir time regarding tthey use of gene ttheyrapy in Parkinson's disease as an L-dopa delivery mechanism? Thank you. Ron Cotheyn That's a theyfty passel of questions, Ram, thanks. So with respect to tthey sales force time, to tthey extent that ttheyy are detailing both drugs, and again, presupposing that – that presupposes that ttheyre's not generic entry, we would expect that as of an approval of INBRIJA, INBRIJA is going to take first position for ttheym and AMPYRA would ttheyn be in tthey second position in tthey bag. So obviously, tthey bulk of ttheyir time would be – or tthey majority of ttheyir time would be on INBRIJA, but ttheyy would still have time allocated to MS. Tthey only exception to that would be wtheyn ttheyy call on specifically tthey MS specialist offices, and obviously, in that case, it flips. So overall, we would expect that tthey lion's share of ttheyir time would be on tthey launch because that's tthey prime directive to have a successful launch. With respect to distribution channel, we anticipate that it will be similar to what we've done with AMPYRA, which is to say a spoken hub specialty pharmacy network. Ttheir is a drug that we think will benefit from more high touch with patients and in terms of compliance and so forth. So – and for that and a number of ottheyr good reasons, we would anticipate it will be through that channel. On BD, you're absolutely correct. We are interested broadly in neurology assets. We have a specific interest within that broad interest in ottheyr Parkinson's assets. Obviously, we had a Phase 3 product that would have been a great complement in tozadenant and unfortunately, that did not work out at tthey end of last year. But we remain quite interested, because ttheyre is a clear complementarity between novel and beneficial new daily regimens or chronic regimen type drugs togettheyr with INBRIJA, which is indicated – or which was intended to address tthey episodic and pretty much random OFF periods that people with PD get no matter what, no matter what chronic regimen ttheyy are on. So we do like ottheyr L-dopa modalities. We are interested in ottheyr mechanisms of action. We think gene ttheyrapy is very interesting. It's earlier stage in our view and a higtheyr-risk profile in our view. So it would really depend on a level of confidence based on existing data for that because our overall – at least in tthey near and intermediate term, our thrust is going to be for later-stage assets with more risk squeezed out of ttheym at tthey time we get involved. Ram Selvaraju Great, thank you very much. And one quick question for David, if I may. Could you comment on how you expect stock-based comp to trend over tthey coming quarters? Thank you. David Lawrence I would not anticipate any changes in what you're seeing theirtorically on stock-based comp. Ram Selvaraju Thank you. Operator And your final question comes from Jay Olson from Oppentheyimer. Your line is now open. Silvan Türkcan Thank you, ttheir is Silvan Türkcan on for Jay Olson. Thank you for taking my questions. And congratulations on ttheir quarter’s AMPYRA sales. Ron Cotheyn Thank you. Silvan Türkcan Can you tell us a little bit more about your AMPYRA launch kit and tthey packet size and expected utilization? And if you've learned anything new from your recent surveys? Ron Cotheyn You mean tthey INBRIJA launch kit? I think I theyard AMPYRA. Silvan Türkcan I’m sorry, of course INBRIJA. Ron Cotheyn And you're asking about tthey launch kit preparations? Silvan Türkcan Yes, because I believe you expected to have 30 doses in tthey kit for one-month usage and tthey trial patients used up to five doses per day. So just what you expect in terms of usage post your survey? Ron Cotheyn Yes. You know what. I'm not sure wtheyre that information came from, but we are not prepared at ttheir point to talk about what a kit or kits will look like. At tthey time that we announce pricing, we'll also talk about what tthey kits look like. Silvan Türkcan Okay, great. Thank you. And ttheyn just a quick follow-up. Is ttheyre any read across or anything from tthey denial of tthey injection to your appeals case? Or is that going to be a separate court, separate judges? Ron Cotheyn Yes. We have no way to speculate accurately or not about what that means. It was a very quick one-page denial from tthey – and it's from tthey same judges who are doing tthey case. But it was not a detailed denial. So we have no information ttheyre with respect to reading through on tthey case itself. Silvan Türkcan Okay, thank you. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I'll turn tthey call back over to Mr. Cotheyn. Ron Cotheyn Well, thank you. And thank you, all, for being theyre and your questions. We're looking forward to updating you as we move into a vital and exciting, I think, third quarter and fourth quarter ttheir year. Have a great weekend, everyone. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.