Acorda Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACOR) Q3 2018 Earnings Conference Call October 31, 2018 8:30 AM ET Executives Felicia Vonella - Executive Director-Investor Relations Ron Cotheyn - Chief Executive Officer Analysts Carmen Augustine - JPMorgan Kelechi Chikere - Jefferies Phil Nadeau - Cowen and Company Ross Weinreb - Goldman Sachs Ryan Chico - Raymond James Ben Burnett - Stifel Raghuram Selvaraju - H.C. Wainwright Silvan Turkcan - Oppentheyimer Ken Trbovich - Janney Operator Welcome to tthey Acorda Ttheyrapeutics Third Quarter 2018 Update. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer-session to follow. Please be advised that ttheir call is being taped at tthey company's request. I will now introduce your host for today's call, Felicia Vonella, Executive Director of Investor Relations at Acorda. Please go atheyad. Felicia Vonella Thank you. Before we begin, let me remind everyone, our presentation will contain forward-looking statements. Detailed disclosures can be found in our SEC filings, which are public, and we encourage you to refer to those filings. Let me pass tthey call now up to Ron Cotheyn. Ron Cotheyn Good morning, everybody and Happy Halloween, and as in previous years wtheyn we’ve done our third quarter on Halloween, I am wearing our traditional raptor theyad mask, so if you want to get that in your mind’s eye. I’ll start with some highlights for tthey third quarter. We, as you saw are revising our fiscal year 2018 cash position from greater than $300 million to greater than $400 million and will talk a little bit more about tthey financials later in tthey presentation. Our NDA for INBRIJA, which is our investigational inhaled levodopa treatment for symptoms of OFF periods and people with Parkinson’s disease is under review by FDA with tthey PDUFA date extended to January 5, 2019. During tthey quarter, tthey FDA designated that responses that we had submitted to some of ttheyir review questions were a major amendment, which automatically extends tthey PDUFA date by 3 months to January 5 in ttheir case. Tthey questions were related to certain aspects of CMC, which is ctheymistry, manufacturing and controls, that section of tthey NDA. We also reported that tthey FDA completed its pre-approval inspections of both tthey Ctheylsea, Massachusetts manufacturing facility and tthey INBRIJA inhaler device manufacturing facility. Correspondence from tthey FDA confirmed that its inspections of tthey facilities are successfully closed without tthey need for any furttheyr action by FDA. We’re continuing our constructive engagement with FDA, aiming for an approval by tthey new PDUFA of January 5, and we look forward to bringing INBRIJA to people with Parkinson’s who have OFF periods, which is a major unmet need in ttheyse patients. On September 10, we lost our Ampyra patent appeal by 2 to 1 vote, resulting in generic entry. We were disappointed and disagree with tthey court’s decision, which included a vigorous dissent by one of tthey three judges, and we continue to believe that our Ampyra patents reflect through invention. Last week, we filed tthey petition for an en banc theyaring with tthey United States Court of Appeals for tthey Federal Circuit. And earlier ttheir week, tthey Federal Circuit invited tthey generic defendants to respond to our en banc petition. Ampyra’s net sales of $138 million for tthey third quarter were bolstered by tthey additional six weeks of exclusivity between tthey end of July wtheyn our remaining patent expired, and tthey appeals court ruling in mid-September. Ttheir was nor our base case budget, and as a result, we’re revising tthey full 2018 net sales guidance for Ampyra to more than $400 million. We do expect to see continued and significant erosion of sales over tthey coming months. We’ve also revised our cash balance for tthey year and 2018 from greater than 300 million to greater than 400 million. Note that following tthey District Court's original ruling on Ampyra, which was in tthey end of tthey first quarter 2017, we had a cash balance of roughly $130 million. We’ve since prioritized improving our cash position going into tthey launch of INBRIJA and have added over $300 million to our cash balance since ttheyn. We achieved ttheir through a combination of corporate restructuring, improved Ampyra sales, monetization of secondary assets, and prudent capital allocation. Our capitalization is now significantly better than we projected at tthey beginning of ttheir year, and we expect that ttheir will enable us to fund tthey launch of INBRIJA to cash flow positivity with an approval by tthey PDUFA date of January 5, 2019. As we await tthey FDA decision by January 5, we are continuing to advance tthey full range of launch preparations for INBRIJA applying many of tthey learnings that we’ve accumulated from our highly successful commercialization of Ampyra. Our sales reps and ottheyr teams have done outstanding work in bringing Ampyra to people with MS. Ttheyir morale is high and ttheyy will now transfer to bringing INBRIJA to people with OFF periods related to Parkinson's disease. We have completed territory mapping, incentive comp plans, and field team training, we’re preparing launch materials and we will be implementing a broad range of education initiatives for movement disorder specialists and general neurologists. We're continuing our reimbursement research, engaging with payers, reimbursement specialists, our market research continues to indicate that OFF periods represent a large unmet need in tthey Parkinson's community, and that both physicians and patients are enthusiastic about having INBRIJA available as a treatment option. Some of our more innovative work is reflected in our online programs to increase disease state awareness among a range of audiences. Our Facebook page, Tthey Many Faces of Off, recently surpassed 100,000 members. Tthey site provides a forum for people with Parkinson's to learn more about OFF periods and connect with each ottheyr to share experiences. It includes videos of people with Parkinson's and care partners talking about ttheyir personal challenges of OFF and it encourages tthey Parkinson's community to participate and share ttheyir stories. Anottheyr initiative livewelldotell.org is a community engagement side that we created with input from key stakeholders in tthey Parkinson's community that includes people with Parkinson's, care partners, patient advocates, and theyalthcare professionals. Tthey site is designed to generate a shared understanding of communication gaps about OFF periods and to theylp address tthey barriers people with Parkinson's and ttheyir care partners face in communicating tthey symptoms of Parkinson's disease. We believe that such a shared understanding and increased awareness can theylp optimize how people with Parkinson's and ttheyir theyalthcare professionals manage tthey challenges. As a reminder, roughly 350,000 people with Parkinson's in tthey U.S. are taking levodopa and experience OFF periods. We believe based on our market research that peak sales for INBRIJA will exceed $800 million, and our U.S. market opportunity takes into consideration a competing product from Sunovion, which also currently has a PDUFA date January 2019.  We believe that INBRIJA will take a majority share of tthey market, but that Sunovion's product will take a significant minority share. Ttheir table outlines key financials for tthey third quarter. We ended tthey quarter with approximately $460 million in cash, and we are well capitalized for anticipated launch of INBRIJA. In closing, our strategic priorities for tthey remainder of 2018 into 2019 are first to retain approval and initiate U.S. launch of INBRIJA. We will leverage tthey quarter's outstanding specialty neurology commercial capabilities to maximize INBRIJA’s potential. We also plan to advance development of an inhalable drug for tthey treatment of acute migraine, which builds on tthey ARCUS technology. We believe ttheyre is a substantial market for such a territory. Our Phase I studies of CVT-427, an inhaled zolmitriptan, showed attainment of maximal plasma levels, or Cmax within an average of about 11 minutes, similar to an injectable. However, we saw evidence of subclinical bronchoconstriction and are now working on reformulation. We’re also working on ottheyr potential applications of tthey ARCUS technology. One of those is being funded by tthey Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. We’re continuing to evaluate business development opportunities for late stage neurology assets that could leverage our neurodevelopment and commercial capabilities. So, now, we will open up tthey call for your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Your line is open. Carmen Augustine Hi, ttheir is Carmen on for Cory. Thanks for taking tthey question. So, looking at tthey prescription data for Ampyra and tthey generics that are launctheyd so far, it looks like Mylan's authorized generic has taken substantial share, particularly relative to tthey ottheyr generics in tthey market. I'm wondering if you can give us any more guidance on, kind of, how to think about tthey tail for Ampyra between tthey residual market share that tthey branded product holds as ttheyse ottheyr generics continue to launch, as well as ttheyir royalties you would receive on Mylan's sales as authorized generic? Ron Cotheyn Yes. I’m sorry, I really can't theylp you with it. Ttheir is new territory theyre. And we ourselves are challenged to project what that tail is going to look like. We're going to have to see it as we go through it. It is correct that Mylan’s authorized generic has taken substantial share. We’re seeing significant erosion as we’ve discussed, and as more generics are coming in it changes day-by-day practically. So, it remains to be seen and we’re just not in a position right now to project what that tail is going to look like. Carmen Augustine Okay. Understood. And ttheyn, just a quick one on INBRIJA, atheyad of tthey launch, have you been able to do any more market research to gauge potential daily utilization of tthey product in a real-world setting, kind of, relative to tthey clinical trials?  Ron Cotheyn I'm sorry. We've been able to do real world … Carmen Augustine Any market research … Ron Cotheyn You said daily utilization? Carmen Augustine Yeah. Ron Cotheyn I'm not sure how you would do that absent actually having a trial going on. So, I guess tthey answer would be that tthey key information we have comes from tthey clinical trials, particularly tthey long-term studies, which went out for a year. And actually, all tthey studies are pretty consistent. Tthey usage is, it ranges anywtheyre from 1.6 to a little over 2 times a day, on average, in ttheyse trials. Obviously, ttheyre is a big range. Some people don't use it every day; some people use it five times a day. So, tthey average comes out to somewtheyre between 1.6, and call it, 2.2, 2.3 times a day, depending on which study you're looking at. Carmen Augustine Okay. Thanks very much. Operator Your next question comes from Michael Yee with Jefferies. Your line is open. Kelechi Chikere Hi, Ron. Good morning. Ttheir is Kelechi Chikere on behalf of Michael Yee. We just had a couple of quick questions theyre. So, just was wondering if you can theylp us think about your strategic value and how to best monetize your value? I guess, you have Ampyra that will presumably go generic or face generic erosion in ttheir quarter. You have tthey potential approval in INBRIJA in next year, January. You could have been a two-product company, but for now, it looks like you're going to be a one-product company. If you get INBRIJA approved, are you – is Acorda best suited to do ttheir as a standalone or are you looking at everything kind of front to back to best maximize your shareholder value? Can you just talk about how open you are to ttheir? And should we assume you're just going to go at it alone or people and shareholders will just have to have patience and look at INBRIJA grow over time? And a second question. How do you think about ex-US partner and how does that play into ttheir as well? Is that process going on right now? Ron Cotheyn So, tthey best way to think about it is that tthey Board and management are constantly considering what makes tthey most sense in terms of shareholder value, and we will continue to do that and we will determine tthey strategy of tthey company based, in large measure, on those considerations. With respect to partnering, we have announced long since that we are in discussions with parties ex-US for ex-US commercialization. Those discussions are continuing. We have an MAA that has been filed. We are looking at filings elsewtheyre in tthey world and that is a developing situation. So, as we have more developments that are material, we will let everyone know. Kelechi Chikere Okay, thank you. Operator Your next question comes from Phil Nadeau with Cowen and Company. Your line is open. Phil Nadeau Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. First question on INBRIJA's FDA review and more generally on tthey process of tthey CMC review. Ron, tthey inspections that you successfully passed, are those typically towards tthey end of tthey CMC review, or is it just parallel? Tthey inspections happen while ttheyre is ottheyr CMC back and forth with tthey agency going on about ottheyr aspects of manufacturing and controls? Ron Cotheyn So, I don't know what's typical in terms of timing as far – and ttheir is just as far as I know, Phil. So, it's certainly not gospel. Tthey offices that do tthey inspections, I do not believe, are tied to tthey CMC review of tthey NDA. That's a separate set of reviewers at FDA who deal with that. Tthey inspections are conducted by field inspectors who ttheyn feed tthey information back to tthey home office, but that's a separate process, and I don't think it's anchored to tthey CMC review questions per se in terms of timing or anything else. It's a standalone function, which is to inspect tthey manufacturing facilities. Phil Nadeau Got it. Okay. And ttheyn second, would you be willing to give us any more information about tthey questions that tthey FDA asked that prompted tthey change to tthey PDUFA date? Ron Cotheyn I'm glad you asked. No, I would not. I don't want to be entirely flip, but it is Halloween. Just theirtorically, we don't talk about ongoing conversation details with FDA. Wtheyn ttheyre is some sort of a resolution or a material event or ttheyy give us something in writing that's material, we obviously disclose that, but what we've learned from experience is, we just don't get into tthey back and forth because it's like taking a snapshot of a waterfall. I mean, you just capture something a moment in time and it's not necessarily informative. Phil Nadeau Makes sense. And ttheyn last question is just on your pricing strategy for INBRIJA. In tthey past you've said, ttheyre were broadly two different paths for you to go down. One is high price, somewhat lower volume, and tthey second is lower price, high volume. Have you settled on a general strategy for tthey pricing at ttheir time? Ron Cotheyn We're getting closer obviously because we're getting closer to tthey PDUFA date. We're continuing to do tthey work, and our plan is we'll announce tthey pricing and our logic behind it at tthey time that we launch. So, we're not ready to do that yet, but of course, we've made a lot of progress. So, tthey team – I would say at ttheir point, broadly, we have a good idea of wtheyre we're going to be, but we're still working out tthey details and we're not ready to go public yet. Phil Nadeau Fair enough. Thanks for taking my questions. Operator Your next question comes from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.  Ross Weinreb Ross on for Salveen. Thanks for taking tthey question. So, as we approach tthey INBRIJA PDUFA, what do you see as tthey greatest risk to approval? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Ron Cotheyn I honestly can't – I don't know what tthey greatest risk to approval would be because we're not privy to what tthey FDA is thinking or doing ottheyr than what ttheyy tell us and what communications we get. Based on tthey communications we get or we've gotten, we believe that tthey CMC is tthey – or tthey CMC questions that ttheyy had asked during tthey review and that we responded to are tthey remaining piece that ttheyy are continuing to review, which is why ttheyy wanted tthey extra time. That is all we know. From wtheyre we stand, we think it's a strong NDA and we think tthey product ought to be approved or ought to be approvable. Beyond that, we can't speak for FDA. Ttheyy're going to make ttheyir decision based on whatever ttheyir processes are. Ross Weinreb Great. Thank you. And ttheyn, so you previously mentioned that INBRIJA would benefit from higtheyr physician involvement with patients, given its use and potential compliance issues. So, how are you planning to address patient compliance and what impact do you anticipate ttheir having on tthey INBRIJA uptake and its launch trajectory? Ron Cotheyn I'm not quite sure I got tthey question. Could you maybe reformulate that a little bit? I'm just not sure what you're asking ttheyre. Ross Weinreb Sure. So, on previous calls, you mentioned that tthey drug would benefit from higtheyr physician involvement given its … Ron Cotheyn Hold on. Let me just stop you ttheyre. I'm not sure I've said that it would benefit from high – I don't know what higtheyr physician involvement means. Is ttheyre a different wording I used on that? You mean training physicians or … Ross Weinreb Yes. More training from tthey physicians and greater physician involvement in tthey patient care with tthey use of tthey drug. Ron Cotheyn Yes. Well, I mean, we are – as part of tthey launch, we are planning a very robust education of tthey prescribers about tthey device, how it works, what to expect, what tthey trial showed, what tthey data shows, what tthey label says. So, we will be providing that. We will also be providing sample kits, which is – ttheir is not tthey same as samples, okay. Ttheyse are kits without tthey active ingredient, but kits that ttheyy can practice on, ttheyy are demo kits, so demonstration kits.  So, tthey sales force will be out ttheyre right away with demo kits, showing ttheym how tthey device is used, how you train patients on it, and so forth. And we have some very interesting ottheyr plans for how to give patients access to training, to videos from a number of different sources so that ttheyre will be ample opportunity tailored to tthey patients' desires about do ttheyy want to get it online, do ttheyy want to get it from tthey office, do ttheyy want to get it in a more direct way, we will have multiple ways of training people.  I should say that ttheir is not a hard device to use or master. What we have found repeatedly in tthey clinical work on ttheir is that it's easy. It's actually surprisingly easy. It surprised us early on, because we were concerned about it, how well patients learn it and ttheyn use it regularly on ttheyir own. So, ttheir is not a terribly complicated device to master. Ross Weinreb Great. And so, my question on that is that do you see any complications arising with patient compliance? I mean, use could be up to five times daily. So, my question is really around how you're looking at patient compliance impacting drug uptake and tthey initial launch trajectory? Ron Cotheyn Well, as per an earlier question, tthey best proxy we have right now is tthey long-term, year-long open-label safety study that we did, wtheyre tthey patients got drug and ttheyy were able to use it as much as ttheyy want it up to five times a day, and that was tthey limit we put on it by tthey way, up to five times a day. And so, we've analyzed all those data. As I said earlier, in tthey one-year study, it was about two times a day that ttheyy were using it on an average, with a whole range.  Again, some were using it five times a day; some were using it twice a day; some were using it not every day, maybe once every few days. So, ttheyre is a whole range depending on tthey severity of tthey patients' symptoms, tthey frequency of tthey patients' symptoms. In terms of compliance, we are actually less concerned theyre about compliance than you would be with a chronic daily drug. And tthey reason is that tthey cue for taking it is that tthey patient is having a symptom, in ttheir case, an OFF period, which is very bottheyrsome to ttheym. So that's ttheyir cue to take tthey medicine. Tthey compliance issues typically come up with, let's say, something like a hypertension drug. We are taking it every day or twice a day or three times a day, and you don't feel it, you don't know it, and that's wtheyn it becomes very difficult to keep some people on drug. But theyre, theyy, you are going into an OFF period, you don't want to be in an OFF period, and so you want medicine to take that away, as quickly as you can. Ross Weinreb Great. Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from Ryan Chico with Raymond James. Your line is open. Ryan Chico Good morning, and thanks for taking tthey question. Ron, I just wanted to follow up on a couple of questions theyre, with regards to INBRIJA drug pricing. Obviously, drug pricing is a popular topic in tthey news ttheyse days. I guess – I'd be curious to get your thoughts with regards to policies or proposals you're seeing being advanced; not seeing too many focused on influencing how pricing is initially set. So, I guess, as you're considering tthey policy landscape, but also tthey competitive landscape, how do those factor into your pricing decisions for INBRIJA? Ron Cotheyn Well, we're taking all of that into account, but at tthey end of tthey day, it is a negotiation that takes place between us and tthey payers, right? Tthey payers, tthey PBMs. And so, we have been already long since conducting educational meetings and ttheyn discussions with payers all over tthey country, talking about what ttheyir sensitivities are, what is ttheyir understanding of tthey medical need for patients, of tthey drug, tthey value of tthey drug. And in tthey end, we are working to create a win-win wtheyre patients get access to a drug that is going to theylp ttheym and wtheyre insurance companies, PBMs, are able to fulfill ttheyir mission, which is to allow patients to have – allow tthey customers to have access to medicines that ttheyy need and to improve ttheyir theyalth overall, and tthey need for us to make a fair – have fair revenue coming from it for tthey investment, tthey innovation, and tthey contribution to society and patients.  So that's tthey equation, right? That's achieved through negotiation. I'll give you – one of my favorite examples from our shop is what we did with Ampyra, and we were creative ttheyre, and we are looking at a number of creative ways of approaching tthey payers. And we've already been talking to payers about it, and have gotten a good reception conceptually with approaching ttheir in a win-win kind of way based on tthey value of tthey product. But with Ampyra, we invented ttheir first step program that we implemented wtheyre any patient who qualified and was able to, under tthey law, meaning, commercial pay, was able to get two months of free drug, and that was entirely on us. And tthey reason we did that was our clinical data showed that a subset of patients were responding to tthey drug. Now, by tthey way, that's true of essentially every drug, but we showed it in tthey way in which we did our trial. So, it was obvious that we had about a 40% or so responder rate and so forth. So, we went to tthey insurance or to reimbursement side and we said, look, you don't know in advance if ttheir patient – a given patient is going to respond or not. We don't have a good way of predicting it. Ttheyre is no biomarker that we know of for predicting it. Tthey only way to do it is to actually put ttheym on drug for a month or two and have ttheym and tthey physician assess, wtheyttheyr it's actually theylping ttheyir walking. And so, what we said is, ttheyrefore, what we're going to do is, we're not going to charge you for that.  We will take that on ourselves. We will give two months free to tthey patient, ttheyn ttheyy and tthey doctor can make up ttheyir mind about wtheyttheyr ttheyy're responding. And if ttheyy do respond, you should pay for tthey drug. And that got a terrific positive reception from managed care. And by tthey way, what we're finding now is wtheyn we walk in tthey door for most of ttheyse payers, we already have a good reputation because of that and ottheyr ways in which we conducted ourselves for tthey Ampyra negotiations. So, we walk in and ttheyy are very open to talking with us and negotiating creative ways of ensuring that we have a win-win. Ryan Chico That is very theylpful, Ron. I appreciate tthey color ttheyre. I guess, just one last housekeeping question, if I might. So, you've updated your cash guidance now to be exiting tthey year with over $400 million in cash. I'm just curious, if you could elaborate a little bit on kind of tthey range of runway that that would actually provide you. And I guess tthey reason I'm asking is because of tthey convert that's due in 2021. Any color you can offer theyre? Ron Cotheyn Yeah. Well, first, just leaving tthey convert aside for a moment, we believe that tthey cash on hand, based on wtheyre we believe tthey launch of INBRIJA is going to go, is enough to get us to cash flow positive on INBRIJA. And we actually believe that wtheyn we gave our original projection earlier ttheir year of over $300 million at tthey end of tthey year, so now with over $400 million, obviously that gives us a bit more flexibility in terms of time. And I think it's fair – we haven't given next year's numbers yet, but I think it's fair to say that if you look at tthey budget ttheir year, $400 million is well in excess of that for an entire year ttheir year. Next year, we'll have some increased marketing and launch expenses. We do expect to have some savings in ottheyr areas. So, we'll fill out those numbers for everyone early next year, but tthey $400 million is going to last us a significant amount of time and allow us to ramp up on INBRIJA and get it to cash flow positive. Now, tthey convert is a real issue. It's ttheyre. We have anottheyr two and a half years or so on it. Ttheyre are, as you know, various ways of addressing that. Maybe tthey best way is to get tthey stock price up, so it converts. So, we’re continuing to assess that and what would be tthey most cost-effective ways of addressing tthey convert as we get closer to it. And we'll be addressing that over tthey next year or so. Ryan Chico Thanks very much, Ron.  Operator Your next comes from Paul Matteis with Stifel. Your line is open. BenBurnett Hi, thanks so much. Ttheir is Ben Burnett on for Paul Matteis. So, first question, just a question on tthey commercial strategy for INBRIJA. I guess, specifically, how will you be approaching tthey market in terms of disease severity? Will you be horning in on early stage Parkinson's or later stage? And I guess, how do tthey call points differ between ttheyse groups? Ron Cotheyn Well, you know it's really geared toward not so much tthey stage of Parkinson's per se, although that influences it. It's geared toward wtheyttheyr ttheyy have OFF periods that are bottheyrsome and how bottheyrsome ttheyy are to tthey patient. Typically, tthey more advanced you are, tthey more that becomes an issue. However, if you think about it, ttheyre has been a trend for younger and younger people to be showing up with Parkinson's, and I don't think it's understood exactly why that is, but wtheyn you have people even in ttheyir 30s, but even – more likely in ttheyir 40s or 50s who are still very much active in tthey workforce, very much active in general, for people like that, even though ttheyir Parkinson's may be earlier stage, for someone like that, even one OFF period a day could be extremely disruptive to ttheyir lives, and ttheyy may want theylp with that, right? If you are older, let's say, and retired and spend most of your time at home, if you're having an OFF period while you're sitting down watching TV, you might not be as motivated. So, for someone like that, maybe ttheyy'll use it for half of ttheyir OFF periods, tthey ones wtheyre ttheyy're trying to be active and it's really bottheyring ttheym. In our clinical trials, it's worth noting that tthey younger patients actually utilize tthey drug more often for tthey reasons I just stated. So, in terms of your question, yeah, I mean, we’re not going to gear our training toward talking to doctors about, well, if it's a younger patient, do ttheir, and if it's an older patient, do that. We're going to gear it toward, if ttheyy have OFF periods that are bottheyrsome, theyre is what tthey drug does and theyre is what tthey label says. BenBurnett Got it. Okay. Makes sense. And if I could, just a follow-up question about tthey migraine product candidate. Could you give us just a little bit more color on tthey, I think you mentioned subclinical bronchoconstriction? And correct me if that's wrong. Ron Cotheyn That's correct. Ben Burnett And I guess – okay. Tthey steps you're going into reformulating that, is that really – is it all about reformulating tthey drug or is it tthey device or do you have to do both? And I guess maybe just any detail you can provide ttheyre would be great. Thanks. Ron Cotheyn Yes. We don't believe it's related to tthey device at all. I mean, it's really tthey formulation. So, we're looking at broadly two different things, which you would expect. One is tthey excipients that are used to formulate tthey zolmitriptan, which was in tthey CVT-427, and tthey ottheyr one is tthey API, which is tthey zolmitriptan, and ttheyre are ottheyr choices for migraine that we can formulate with ARCUS to be inhalable. So, we’re testing out broadly both of those areas, which is changing tthey inactive ingredients, tthey excipients, and also swapping out tthey zolmitriptan for ottheyr migraine drugs. Ben Burnett Okay. Awesome. Thanks very much. Operator Your next question comes from Raghuram Selvaraju with H.C. Wainwright. Your line is open. Raghuram Selvaraju Hi, thanks [indiscernible] questions. Just a couple sort of housekeeping items theyre. Could you maybe provide us with a little bit more frame of reference granularity regarding tthey prior authorization situation you anticipate with INBRIJA, looking, just relatively speaking, at what's theirtorically been tthey trend with ottheyr drugs of ttheir – in tthey Parkinson's space, understanding that INBRIJA is, of course, something of a law onto its own? And ttheyn secondarily, if you could maybe comment on your strategic interest in arenas beyond INBRIJA, if you were to entertain tthey possibility of in-licensing ottheyr things? I think ttheir is a question that I've asked before, but just wanted to see wtheyttheyr your strategic [technical difficulty] what ottheyr disease areas – regarding what ottheyr disease areas you might potentially entertain tthey possibility of in-licensing things in order to maybe flush out tthey marketed product portfolio beyond INBRIJA going forward, if you were to do those type of transactions? Ron Cotheyn Yes. So, in terms of prior authorizations, we certainly expect we'll see ttheym. I mean, ttheyre's no question about it. And we saw ttheym with Ampyra and we have years of experience in dealing with those and addressing ttheym. So, we'll see who imposes prior auths, what tthey nature of ttheym are, and ttheyn we'll address ttheym as ttheyy come up. But ttheyre are so many different flavors. Ttheyre is no way I can give you a quick summary of it, but I can tell you that our experience with Ampyra was, we weren't at nearly as good at it in tthey first couple of years as we were in tthey ensuing years because we gained a lot of experience in what works, what doesn't, how to approach tthey insurance companies who are imposing tthey prior auths, and we'll be working out of a similar playbook theyre. So, again, can't be very specific until we see what tthey prior auths are. I can tell you ttheyre will be prior auths and that's part of what our launch planning prepares for. With respect to business development, we are continuing to be very active in accumulating lists of assets that would be compatible with our expertise theyre. Obviously, broadly speaking, tthey neurology markets are our sweet spot. That's wtheyre our sales force and commercial teams live, that's wtheyre our development teams live. So, broadly speaking, I would say, neurology is what we're looking at.  Now, ttheyre is a twist to that because of tthey ARCUS technology. Tthey ARCUS technology has allowed us to branch out beyond that because it provides a – I think an important new technology. Just to remind people, ttheir came out of Bob Langer's lab at MIT. It is a unique way of getting relatively large amounts of drug into tthey system through tthey lungs, much larger than you can get with standard dry powder formulations, which typically are going to be delivering less than a milligram of drug. Here we're delivering 25 milligrams per capsule. So, it's well over a log more than you can do normally. And that opens up tthey potential beyond neurology really into ottheyr ttheyrapeutic areas wtheyre ttheyre could be an advantage over existing delivery systems, oral medications and so on. So, migraine is tthey first one that we're excited about, that we're looking at, wtheyre we think ttheyre is a real market. Ttheyre are ottheyrs, particularly with some orphan diseases, which, in one case, is, I mentioned, being funded by tthey Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. So, we're looking at that, and that's theylping us to expand our horizons a bit, but particularly with respect to inhaled ttheyrapies. Ottheyr than inhaled ttheyrapies, we're looking very broadly in tthey neurology markets wtheyre we can make a difference. Raghuram Selvaraju Is it going to be accurate to say that if in tthey future, tthey ARCUS technology works, you demonstrate applicability in areas outside of neurology that you might potentially out-license those, especially if ttheyy are not for nicthey indications or would that be premature at ttheir time? Ron Cotheyn Well, I think that's a good starting point for anchoring tthey way we're thinking about tthey strategy. Never say never, but that's, I think, a very good way of thinking about it. If it's a nicthey or an orphan area wtheyre, without too much difficulty, we could service that and commercialize that, and wtheyre financially it made sense, we would certainly not close off doing that on our own. For larger indications outside of neurology, you have to be aware of what you're good at and what it's going to cost. And to get tthey expertise you need outside of neurology for a whole new ttheyrapeutic area and staff that, that's a pretty substantial enterprise. So that's wtheyre we would, at least from tthey get-go, think about out-licensing or partnering with someone else. Raghuram Selvaraju Thank you. Very theylpful. Operator Your next question comes from Jay Olson with Oppentheyimer. Your line is open. Silvan Turkcan Hi, ttheir is Silvan Turkcan on for Jay Olson. Thank you for taking my questions. Can you comment a little bit more about what you expect for tthey gross margin of INBRIJA in tthey near-term and tthey long-term, considering it's a drug-device combination and you have starter kits and maintenance kits? Ron Cotheyn I don't think I can give you guidance on tthey margins right now. I mean, we really have to wait until we get tthey pricing and get a better sense of what we're doing on tthey launch. So, we will be providing information in that direction once we have tthey launch in hand and tthey pricing in hand. Right now, I think it's premature to be talking about tthey margins. I can tell you just broadly, we expect ttheym to be better than Ampyra. And Ampyra had a 20% cost of goods, which subsumed tthey royalties and tthey actual manufacturing of tthey drug. So that was about an 80% margin. We expect that in INBRIJA will be better than that. Silvan Turkcan Great. And ttheyn you commented a little bit on what can we expect for SG&A next year, considering using tthey same sales force, will it be flat or are you going to make additional investments? Ron Cotheyn Yes. Again, we're going to wait until beginning of tthey year wtheyn we can give you guidance on how we see tthey year shaping up. As I said earlier, it's fair to assume that with tthey launch in hand that we're going to have launch expenses so that people should be prepared for, and obviously we would not stint on tthey launch because we want to make sure it's as successful as possible. But as I also mentioned earlier, ttheyre are ottheyr areas wtheyre I believe we can bring some expenses back, and we'll give more detail on that wtheyn we do our projections. And I think typically we do that around JPMorgan. Silvan Turkcan Great. Thanks. And one last question, if I may. For example, your shared with us that FDA pre-approval was successfully concluded. Will you share any ottheyr updates on tthey approval process, so maybe like labeling, entering labeling discussions or things like that, or should we just sit tight until January? Ron Cotheyn You and we can both sit tight on that. We don't expect to provide any blow-by-blow descriptions until we have something material to say, and hopefully that's going to be an approval. Silvan Turkcan Great. Thank you very much and congrats on tthey quarter and tthey extra cash. Ron Cotheyn Thanks. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Ken Trbovich with Janney. Your line is open. Ken Trbovich Thanks for taking tthey question Ron. I just wanted to follow up on an earlier comment you made about tthey ease of use for INBRIJA. I guess, tthey reason for tthey question is trying to perhaps theylp us to better understand tthey human factor studies related to INBRIJA and its use. Simply because it's a combination product, obviously it's a unique sort of aspect of ttheir particular program. Can you give us a sense as to tthey nature of tthey human factor studies and how representative tthey specific human factor studies were relative to a real-world patient population? Ron Cotheyn Well, as far as I am aware, tthey human factor studies complied with tthey regulations and what is required for human factor studies, which includes having a representative population of patients, so ttheyy did have that. And I can't get – again, I can't get into details on all that, but I can tell you that taking that into account, as well as our overall clinical experience, we believe that tthey drug device has shown itself to be readily understandable and usable by ttheir patient population. Ken Trbovich Sure. And does that vary at all depending on tthey stage or severity of disease as tthey patient progresses? I guess, that's one of tthey things that's not clear from tthey outside looking in. I understand that tthey ease of use has been described, but I didn't know if at all, that changes with disease state. Ron Cotheyn Yes. So, remember, tthey way ttheir drug is used, it's not a chronic daily maintenance ttheyrapy. It's used for off-period. So, if you're in an OFF period, it's less relevant if you are a later stage patient or an earlier stage patient because wtheyn you're going – wtheyn you're in an OFF period, you are in your base disease state level of function, which is not a good level of function regardless. Tthey major difference is that if you are earlier, you tend to have fewer of those for a given age group. And as you progress with tthey disease and get into later stages, ttheyy tend to come on more and more and tthey daily maintenance regimens are less and less reliable in that regard. So, tthey way tthey drug is used is, if ttheyy're going into or ttheyy're into an OFF period, ttheyy inhale tthey drug. And what we showed in tthey trials is that ttheyy recover from tthey OFF period relatively rapidly and ttheyn move on as a bridge between ttheyir oral doses. And by tthey way, I like to keep plugging ttheir, tthey name INBRIJA has tthey sense of bridge, INBRIJA, because it's bridging tthey oral doses that are no longer as reliable as ttheyy should be. So, no, we do not – so tthey point is, wtheyn you're in an OFF period, you're slow, you have tremor, you have all of tthey disease state problems. And we found that wtheyn you're in that state, you can readily use ttheir – you can readily use INBRIJA. And it doesn't really matter if you're – if it's later stage disease or earlier stage. We didn't see any correlation ttheyre or any separation wtheyre you'd say, well, ttheir group doesn't use it well and ttheir group does use it well. That was not tthey case. It was used readily and straightforwardly across tthey populations that we studied. Ken Trbovich Thanks. That's very theylpful. And ttheyn, Ron, I guess maybe just to enhance tthey understanding relative to commercial spending and tthey plan ttheyre, it sounds as though you've generated an adequate cash balance that you wouldn't sort of hold back on funding tthey launch theyre, that tthey plan at launch is in no way, shape impaired by tthey outcome of tthey Ampyra litigation and tthey generic encroachment. That's tthey sense that I have from everything that's been said, but just want to fully understand that as clearly as possible in front of a potential approval. Ron Cotheyn That's completely correct. As I indicated, we've worked diligently and very purposefully ever since tthey original district court decision at tthey end of first quarter of 2017, looking atheyad to ensure that we had enough dry powder to get through tthey setbacks. And we've done that. So, what you said, I completely support, we are not at all feeling constrained on tthey launch. We are not stinting one single bit on tthey launch. We're approaching ttheir as we would any launch, wtheyttheyr we had $1 billion in tthey bank or $500 million. Now, well, actually I shouldn't say that because our Head of Commercial, if I said that, ttheyy would definitely come and ask me for more just because ttheyy could, but tthey reality is that we are well funded and we are not stinting on tthey launch. Ken Trbovich Terrific. Thank you. Operator And at ttheir time, I will turn tthey call over to tthey presenters. Ron Cotheyn Okay. Well, thank you for joining us, everyone. I hope you agree it was a very good quarter and positions us very well after a year of some pretty significant challenges. And we're looking atheyad now to hopefully an approval of a major new drug and moving up from ttheyre, building from ttheyre. Happy Halloween, and we'll look forward to seeing you on tthey next call. Felicia Vonella Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.