Acorda Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACOR) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call May 6, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Tierney Saccavino - Executive Vice President & Corporate Communications Ron Cotheyn - Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Operator Welcome to Acorda Ttheyrapeutics First Quarter 2021 Financial and Business Update. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session to follow. Please be advised, that ttheir call is being recorded at tthey company's request.  I will now introduce your host for today's call Tierney Saccavino, Executive Vice President, Corporate Communications at Acorda. Please go atheyad.  Tierney Saccavino Thanks, Philip. Good afternoon, everyone. Before we begin, let me remind you that our presentation will contain forward-looking statements. Detailed disclosures can be found in our SEC filings, which are public and we encourage you to refer to those filings.  And I'll now pass tthey call over to our CEO, Ron Cotheyn.  Ron Cotheyn Thanks, Tierney. Welcome everyone. Starting with INBRIJA net revenue for tthey first quarter of 2021 was $5 million, that's a 13% increase over tthey first quarter of 2020. We are pleased to see ttheir increase, despite tthey significant impact of tthey pandemic on tthey INBRIJA launch.  As we've discussed previously, tthey first quarter theirtorically has been lower than tthey preceding fourth quarter and tthey lowest sales quarter of tthey year due to a number of seasonal factors. And as we expected sales increased markedly in March and April into May of 2021 relative to January and February.  AMPYRA net revenue for tthey first quarter was $20.3 million that's about tthey same as in Q1 2020. And that's tthey first time, we've seen stable yearly quarter-over-quarter net sales since AMPYRA went generic in September 2018. We believe that that is due to tthey strategies that we've executed to maintain tthey brand, tthey strength of tthey AMPYRA brand is an important contributor to Acorda's financial stability and to our goal of becoming cash flow neutral on a run rate basis by tthey end of 2022.  Moving to accelerating INBRIJA's trajectory. As a reminder, INBRIJA is Inhaled Levodopa it's indicated to address tthey return of symptoms or off periods that many people with Parkinson's experience in between doses of ttheyir regularly sctheyduled medication.  Despite tthey continuing impact of tthey COVID-19 pandemic, we saw encouraging signs of growth in INBRIJA compared to tthey first quarter of 2020. As I mentioned, we saw a 13% year-over-year increase in net sales. We saw a 5% increase in total prescriptions and very importantly a 25% increase in organic growth over Q1 2020. Organic growth is measured by dispensed cartons, which most accurately reflect demand. Ttheir 25% increase represents an acceleration of tthey approximately 17% organic growth that we saw between Q4 2020 over Q4 2019. I'm sorry. That's right Q4 2020 over Q4 2019.  I'm going to discuss ttheir in more depth on tthey next slide. So recall that INBRIJA is an as-needed ttheyrapy and patients can take it up to a maximum of five times per day, but ttheyy're not required to take it if ttheyy don't feel that ttheyir off periods require it. Overall 44% of all INBRIJA patients are regular users and that's defined as taking an average of at least one dose a day obviously, all tthey way up to 5, but an average of at least one dose a day.  And importantly, of those regular users 70% are still on ttheyrapy a year later. We've also been pleased to see that tthey average consumption for regular users is 2.8 doses per day up from 2.5 doses in April of 2020. In addition to tthey importance of maintaining ttheyse regular users, we're also focused on growing tthey brand by bringing new patients to ttheyrapy and converting ttheym to regular users, which I'll discuss on tthey next slide.  We believe that tthey work we've done since 2020 to increase access to INBRIJA and to improve tthey patient and physician journeys have positioned tthey brand for growth in 2021 and beyond as tthey pandemic subsides. Tthey conversion of written to filled prescriptions increased from about 50% to about 67% in 2020. We believe ttheir resulted from improved access to tthey medication for both commercially insured and Medicare patients.  For commercially insured patients, 96% now have formulary access to INBRIJA without need for medical exception and for Medicare patients 85% have access with no block. Of ttheyse patients may require an additional submission by ttheyir physicians for a medical exception, but ttheyy are ttheyn able to obtain INBRIJA.  We also moved to a single specialty pharmacy in tthey fourth quarter that streamlined and unified tthey experience that patients and theyalthcare professionals have with our customer service hub and tthey specialty pharmacy and it also reduced our costs.  As I mentioned in tthey previous slide, in 2020, we improved our training materials to theylp patients have a better inhalation experience with INBRIJA and we also added nurse educators to work individually with patients to theylp train ttheym both by phone and video. We have received universally positive feedback about ttheyse initiatives from both prescribers and patients and our data support tthey effectiveness of ttheyse enhancements. So tthey nurse educators alone have increased our first refill rate by about 20%.  And in 2020, we also reactheyd out to patients who had eittheyr not filled or not refilled ttheyir INBRIJA prescriptions and we provided ttheym with tthey updated training materials and/or telephone or video training. That resulted in about 1250 patients returning to ttheyrapy to date. So we take those as excellent signs that tthey improvements, tthey enhancements that we added in 2020 are having a real impact and we expect that ttheyy will continue to.  Despite tthey pandemic about 550 new physicians wrote prescriptions for INBRIJA in 2020. Healthcare professionals continue to express enthusiasm for INBRIJA and ttheyy tell us ttheyy expect to increase ttheyir rate of prescribing as patients return to in person office visits and also as ttheyy return to ttheyir previous levels of activity. And ttheyrefore, feel increasing need to address ttheyir off periods. So as tthey pandemic subsides, we expect ttheyse factors to increasingly come into play. Our field sales team returned to making calls in person ttheir past March. And togettheyr with tthey impact of COVID vaccinations and tthey receding pandemic, we have seen progressive increases in new prescriptions in March and April continuing into May of ttheir year versus what we saw in January and February. Moving to AMPYRA. We are very pleased to see stable net sales in Q1 2021 compared to Q1 2020. That's tthey first time that ttheir has happened since AMPYRA went generic in September 2018. In addition, approximately 150 new doctors wrote prescriptions for branded AMPYRA in 2020 and 2021 -- excuse me in 2020. And 2021, we've actually seen progressive month-over-month increases in new prescription forms from January through April. So we believe that performance is due to a variety of factors. First physician and patient brand loyalty. We continue to theyar from both theyalthcare professionals and patients who value tthey support that we've always provided and are continuing to provide for branded AMPYRA. Ttheir includes our first step program that provides tthey initial two months of AMPYRA free to commercially insured patients, co-pay mitigation for commercially insured patients and physician and reimbursement support. And our field sales team continues to call on MS Specialists wtheyre ttheyy have maintained outstanding relationships. So moving to our financials and goals for 2021. We're prioritizing tthey calibration of our OpEx to our revenue and our goal is to be cash flow neutral on a run rate basis by tthey end of 2022. Key elements of ttheir are as follows: first, tthey durability of tthey AMPYRA brand; and tthey growth of INBRIJA as tthey pandemic subsides. We're also engaged in substantive discussions now with multiple parties to enter into commercialization agreements for INBRIJA ex-US. Ttheyse conversations have been revitalized by tthey sale of our manufacturing operations to Catalent, which significantly reduced tthey cost of goods for INBRIJA as well as by tthey favorable decision by tthey GBA in Germany that an early benefit assessment would not be required. Based on tthey current sales trajectory we also believe that tthey double-digit tiered royalties on net sales for FAMPYRA, which Biogen commercializes ex-US will return to Acorda in 2022. In addition, tthey lease on our Ardsley theyadquarters is currently approximately $8 million per year. And based on excess capacity at tthey facility and our increasing focus on a hybrid model of work-from-home and in office, we believe that we can recognize significant savings by making our office presence more efficient. And we will continue to maintain our focus on fiscal discipline and reduce spending wtheyrever possible without impacting tthey INBRIJA launch. So moving to our Q1 financial summary. In addition to tthey INBRIJA and AMPYRA net revenue which I discussed previously, R&D and SG&A costs decreased by 39% and about 17%, respectively compared to tthey same quarter in 2020. Tthey reductions in spending are due to tthey cost reduction initiatives that we implemented and a continuing focus on reductions in non-core spending. A note, that Q1 contains significant onetime expenses that we do not expect to recur during tthey remainder of tthey year. Ttheyse included costs related to tthey Catalent transaction, severance payments related to our restructuring and incentive compensation. A GAAP loss for tthey quarter was higtheyr compared to Q1 2020 and that was due primarily to a $26.5 million derivative gain that was reported in Q1 2020. Non-GAAP net loss for tthey quarter was 4.5% lower compared to Q1 2020. We ended tthey quarter with over $148 million in cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash and ttheir represents an approximately 18% increase compared to tthey same quarter in 2010 due primarily to tthey net cash received from tthey Catalent transaction in February of ttheir year. So as we noted on our Q1 call, we achieved all tthey goals we set for tthey company in 2020 to position a quarter to build long-term value and moving forward, we're focusing on tthey key factors you see theyre. First, continuing to drive INBRIJA's commercial growth. As I noted earlier, we validated tthey training initiatives that we developed in 2020, but substantial increases we saw in both filled prescriptions and return of patients to INBRIJA. In addition, our field team has returned to in-person meetings with prescribers, and we believe that ttheir will also provide a significant opportunity to accelerate adoption of INBRIJA. And while it's still early to project, we are very pleased to have seen prescriptions increase -- new prescriptions increase in March and April into May, which we believe is related to both tthey field force and to tthey receding of tthey pandemic. Tthey sale of our manufacturing operations to Catalent has significantly lowered tthey cost of goods for INBRIJA. And as I indicated, ttheir has reinvigorated our discussions for ex-US partnerships and tthey recent favorable decision by tthey GBA in Germany not to require a benefit assessment has sparked additional interest by potential partners for Germany, which is Europe's largest market. We're also continuing to support tthey AMPYRA franctheire as we've discussed that remains a significant contributor to Acorda's revenue and Q1 -- Q1 2021 sales were about equal to Q1 2020 net sales. We've been pleased to see tthey durability of tthey product to date. We're on track to achieve our 2021 net sales goal of between $75 million to $85 million. We'll also maintain our fiscal discipline. We expect to receive a tax credit from tthey CARES Act ttheir year totaling approximately $5 million to $7 million, and we also plan to address tthey $69 million convertible debt payment that's due in June of ttheir year. Finally, we're also seeking to build on tthey ARCUS technology platform that's now been validated by tthey approval of INBRIJA in tthey US and tthey EU as well as by funding from tthey Gates Foundation for developing a pediatric inhaled surfactant product. We are also seeking collaborations with ottheyr companies for additional potential indications for ARCUS. So that concludes my formal presentation, and we'll now open tthey call for your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from tthey line of Sam. Unidentified Analyst Yes. Hi. Ttheir is Sam. I'm a retail investor with Acorda. So I have a question about note deal in June, I think, Ron you mentioned you are working to address that note. Are you planning to pay out of tthey cash or using shares? Ron Cotheyn Yes. So obviously, tthey Catalent transaction and tthey $74 million that we brought in that upfront on that has shored up tthey balance ttheyyet very well. We are looking at alternatives absent a better alternative. We would have to retire tthey debt in June, and we are still looking at that. Unidentified Analyst Okay. So potentially to finance tthey debt get anottheyr loan or so you are looking at all options? Ron Cotheyn Yes, we are. And again, I just want to say, we're about a month away from tthey due date. So we are prepared to retire tthey debt in June. And -- in tthey time until ttheyn we're continuing to explore options. But if ttheyre are not better alternatives than simply retiring it we would do that. Unidentified Analyst All right. Thank you, Ron. Thank you for your answers, yes. Operator [Operator Instructions] And ttheyre are no questions in queue at ttheir time. Ron Cotheyn All right. Well, thank you everyone for joining us. We are pleased with tthey progress and we look forward to updating you next quarter. Have a great rest of your week. Operator That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Have a great.