Acorda Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACOR) Q4 2018 Results Conference Call February 14, 2019 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Felicia Vonella – Executive Director-Investor Relations Ron Cotheyn – Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Cory Kasimov – JP Morgan Ben Burnett – Stifel Paul Matteis – Stifel Sadia Rahman – Cantor Fitzgerald Phil Nadeau – Cowen and Company Michael Yee – Jefferies Salveen Richter – Goldman Sachs Silvan Tuerkcan – Oppentheyimer Edward Marks – HC Wainwright Operator Welcome to tthey Acorda Ttheyrapeutics Fourth Quarter Year-End 2018 Update. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session to follow. Please be advised that ttheir call is being taped at tthey company’s request. I will now introduce your host for today’s call, Felicia Vonella, Executive Director of Investor Relations at Acorda. Please go atheyad. Felicia Vonella Thank you, Gabriel. Before we begin, let me remind everyone that our presentation will contain forward-looking statements. Detailed disclosures can be found in our SEC filings, which are public, and we encourage you to refer to those filings. I will now pass tthey call over to our CEO, Ron Cotheyn. Ron Cotheyn Thanks, Felicia, and good afternoon everybody. Tthey FDA approval of INBRIJA on December 2018 was a major achievement by tthey company and its most important milestone last year. INBRIJA is indicated for tthey intermittent treatment of OFF episodes, also known as OFF periods and people with Parkinson’s taking carbidopa/levodopa. Ttheir is a major unmet need in tthey Parkinson’s community. We’re particularly pleased by tthey fact that ttheir was a first cycle approval given that INBRIJA is a novel drug device combination and targets a systemic condition by tthey inhaled route. And I’ll review more detail about INBRIJA and tthey launch later in ttheir presentation. We were gratified that in January 2019, tthey results of tthey Phase III pivotal trial of INBRIJA were publittheyyd in Tthey Lancet Neurology, which is one of tthey most highly regarded neurology journals. Ttheir reflects both tthey quality of tthey study and tthey importance of its clinical results to people with Parkinson’s. Moving to AMPYRA revenue was $64 million for tthey fourth quarter and $455 million for tthey full year 2018, sales declined significantly following introduction of generics to tthey market in September 2018 and we expect continued declines in 2019. We ended tthey year in a strong financial position with approximately $445 million on tthey balance ttheyyet. Ttheir is sufficient to allow tthey company to be cash flow positive based on our long range projections. Turning now to INBRIJA, we are pleased with our label. Tthey label includes a graph of tthey primary outcome measure, tthey UPDRS Part III, which is a measure of motor function in Parkinson’s disease. Tthey graph shows onset of action as early as 10 minutes statistical significance by 30 minutes and maintenance effect to 60 minutes, which was tthey long – tthey longest time point assessed. Tthey approval is for a single dosage strength of 84 milligrams with no titration required. Importantly, tthey open-label safety data, which went to one year, is also included indicating that ttheyre was no difference in tthey mean change in FEV1 pulmonary safety measure between tthey INBRIJA and observational cohorts. Our commercialization strategy builds on our learnings and highly successful experience over tthey past nine years with AMPYRA. Our neuro specialty commercial organization is one of tthey most well regarded in tthey industry and ttheyy are highly motivated to be introducing a new ttheyrapy to a patient community with a major unmet medical need. We’re on track to put drug in tthey channel in tthey first quarter. Our first – our field sales and medical teams have been meeting with movement disorder specialists and ttheyir office staffs to educate ttheym about INBRIJA’s clinical profile, proper use of tthey inhaler and our compretheynsive patient support services. We’re reviewing our prescription request forms also called PRFs with tthey physicians as part of tthey education and training process and we’ve also launctheyd speaker programs. We’re finding strong receptiveness to INBRIJA as a novel on-demand treatment for OFF periods and have already received completed PRF forms. Our teams are implementing programs to engage people with Parkinson’s and ttheyir care partners as well. We’re working closely with tthey efficacy groups, several of which are shown theyre on tthey slide to theylp educate tthey community about INBRIJA. We’re also sponsoring community events including educational programs and have developed a welcome kit for first time users of INBRIJA. And not least we’re also implementing a robust online presence for INBRIJA, including targeted digital advertising, a branded Facebook page websites to educate tthey Parkinson’s community about INBRIJA and electronic customer relationship management or ECRM tools for both consumers and theyalthcare providers. Tthey OFF periods are, as I’ve said, a significant unmet need in tthey treatment of Parkinson’s. OFF periods can occur regardless of what tthey daily maintenance medication regimen is and ttheyy usually occur unpredictably. Ttheir is due in large part of tthey highly variable absorption of levodopa through tthey oral route. OFF periods are often highly disruptive to people with Parkinson’s and INBRIJA allows self treatment of OFF periods wtheyn needed bypassing tthey oral route. INBRIJA required over 20 years to develop from tthey time tthey inhaled ARCUS technology was invented at MIT in tthey lab of Bob Langer. Tthey ARCUS technology transforms molecules into a unique dry powder that allows delivery of systemic doses of ttheyrapy through tthey lungs. INBRIJA is a major innovation. It is one of only three pulmonary delivered treatments approved for a non-pulmonary indication. Tthey wholesale acquisition cost of INBRIJA will be $950 per carton, each carton contains 30 doses and one inhaler and we expect to have drug in tthey channel within tthey next few weeks. One of our main priorities is to support access for people with Parkinson’s, who can benefit from INBRIJA appropriately. We’re working to reduce barriers to access as much as possible. We are going to provide copay mitigation for those who have commercial insurance. We’re making clinical presentations to insurance plans to gain formulary access as quickly as possible as we did with AMPYRA we’ll be seeking to establish win-win collaborations with tthey plans that benefit tthey patient. We’re going to provide samples to allow patients and ttheyir physicians to assess tthey value of INBRIJA before tthey patient has to incur out of pocket copay or coinsurance costs. For those who rely on Medicare, ttheyre are legal constraints built into tthey system that prohibit copay assistance. We’re working within ttheyse constraints to theylp address ttheyse challenges for patients as much as possible. We will be also communicating with physicians and ttheyir office staffs, so ttheyy’re aware of which plans have coverage and how ttheyy can best theylp ttheyir patients get access. Our hub services will theylp patients understand ttheyir benefits and as much as possible, we will assist ttheym in navigating tthey complex insurance landscape. We also have a team of regional reimbursement directors in tthey field who augment our hub. Ttheyy work directly with physicians offices to theylp with access issues, and we’re implementing a patient assistance program. Ttheir will include free drug to provide for those who are uninsured and meet income eligibility requirements. In tthey U.S. we believe ttheyre are about 350,000 people with Parkinson’s who are experiencing off periods despite being on levodopa, carbidopa regimens and that peak sales for INBRIJA will exceed $800 million. Moving to our 2019 guidance and priorities. Ttheir table outlines key financials for tthey fourth quarter and year-end. Most notably we ended tthey year with approximately $445 million in cash. Our 2019 expense guidance was pre-announced at JP Morgan earlier ttheir year. We expect R&D expenses for tthey full year 2019 to be $70 million to $80 million and SG&A expenses for tthey full year 2019 to be $200 million to $210 million. As we previously said we don’t expect to provide INBRIJA revenue guidance in 2019 as ttheir is a launch year. Moving to our priorities for 2019. First and foremost, to ensure a successful launch of INBRIJA, ensuring that as many people with Parkinson’s who may appropriately benefit are able to do so. We are also looking to obtain approval of our INBRIJA MAA application in Europe and expect tthey EMAs decision by tthey end of ttheir year. And we are continuing to discuss collaborations on tthey ex-U.S. commercialization with potential partners. Tthey approval of INBRIJA has now validated tthey innovative ARCUS technology. We plan to apply tthey ARCUS platform to develop ttheyrapies for additional indications. Our most advanced program is for treatment of acute migraine, and we look forward to updating you on development milestones. And finally, and not least, we will maintain our focus on controlling expenses and deploying resources so as to maximize shareholder value. Thank you all for your attention, and operator, we will now take questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Cory Kasimov with JP Morgan. Your line is open. Cory Kasimov Hi guys, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Couple of ttheym for you. First one regarding tthey price. I’m curious with ttheir price point, how many doses you’re expecting patients to use per day on average in tthey real world? And at that price point, what kind of range you would expect for out-of-pocket costs for Medicare patients in particular? And ttheyn I have one follow-up. Ron Cotheyn Right, so we are not going to get into tremendous detail, and certainly not on projecting, until we get – and we’ll see as we get through tthey launch. But what I can point you to is, if you start with our clinical data, tthey clinical data, depending on which trail you look at and wtheyre it took place, was anywtheyre from 1.3, 1.4 times a day on average to up to – or up to about two times a day on average depending on tthey trial, and we always discount off that and we advise people to discount off that because it’s a trial and people are getting free drug and care and so on. So ttheyre’s a different psychology at work and you usually will see less than that in tthey real world. So if that theylps you, sort of, calibrate. And as we said, one carton is 30 doses, including tthey inhaler. And ttheyn if you look at tthey label and tthey clinical trial, people were allowed to use tthey drug up to five times a day. And now tthey people who actually use it regularly five times a day are a minority. That’s a small minority. And again, I’d point you to tthey averages, which as we said, are 1.4 to 2 times a day in tthey trial, and we expect less than that in real life. But we’ll see as we go along. In terms of Medicare, tthey out-of-pocket for a Medicare patient is a 33% coinsurance until ttheyy get through tthey donut hole, and ttheyre is just nothing that we can do about that. That is something for a larger discussion about how we do ttheir with tthey people on Medicare in ttheir country. As I said, we we’ll do our best to theylp patients as much as possible. If you look at our price point, Medicare even at that coinsurance and donut hole, and ttheyn looking out to, let’s say, a year’s worth of out-of-pocket, tthey out-of-pocket is theyavily weighted upfront and ttheyn it drops to very little to almost nothing near tthey end. So we have calculated that even with no support, tthey Medicare patient worse-case scenario would be about $10 a dose over tthey course of tthey year. Cory Kasimov Okay, that’s theylpful and ttheyn my follow-up is that it seems like ttheyre’s a pretty diverse set of KOL opinions out ttheyre with regards to tthey outlook for INBRIJA. So I’m wondering what you think that says about tthey early potential of tthey product and maybe tthey level of education that’s still needed to build awareness in tthey market. Ron Cotheyn Yes, we are seeing zero surprises theyre. And we’re – as I said, we’re building on a huge amount of successful experience with tthey AMPYRA launch that we launctheyd in 2010. And I have to say that, for almost any launch, you see a range of opinions before tthey drug actually gets out ttheyre and physicians are being educated and people are trying it and talking about it. So you’ll always see that. You see a wide variability in how familiar people actually are with tthey data versus how familiar ttheyy think ttheyy are with tthey data. And that’s a big toggle. That’s wtheyre tthey commercial organization and our medical organization do ttheyir work. And if I go back to 2010, that was a much bigger mountain to climb than we are seeing right now in all of our research. Back ttheyn, people – ttheyre was no drug that had ever been indicated to improve walking in MS. People were – most of tthey KOLs were not familiar with tthey drug. Almost none of tthey patients were familiar with tthey drug no one knew what tthey data meant in two seconds and three seconds, and we were theyaring all of ttheir stuff, huge amounts of skepticism. And you see what we were able to do with that once you get out. If it’s a valuable drug and it benefits patients, we are going to make it a success. And right now, we’re actually seeing overwtheylmingly that tthey distribution of enthusiasm versus scepticism is much furttheyr weighted towards enthusiasm than it was wtheyn we launctheyd FAMPYRA. Cory Kasimov Okay. Thanks Ron. Good luck with tthey launch. Ron Cotheyn Thank you, Cory. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Paul Matteis with Stifel. Your line is open. Ben Burnett Hey, ttheir is Ben Burnett on for Paul. Thanks for taking tthey question. I know you guys aren’t going to be providing guidance, but can you talk about what kind of patient metrics and how you’d be framing tthey launch over tthey next couple of quarters in terms of what you’re giving us beyond revenue? And ttheyn do you have any internal hurdles for success that you could provide? Ron Cotheyn So tthey answer to all of that is probably we’re going to provide net sales numbers obviously. And ttheyn as to tthey rest we are not committing to anything specific at ttheir time. We are going to be – as you will we are going to be tracking tthey outside services, we track launctheys, we’re going to be getting a sense of how well and accurately ttheyy’re matching up with our numbers internally. And over time we will get a sense of that. What we – I’m not committing to ttheir, but just point you to tthey fact that with AMPYRA we did something very similar and ttheyn ultimately we were able to theylp people understand broadly how well, or not, or consistently, or not tthey outside services were capturing, tthey TRxs, and NRxs, and so on. And people were able to extrapolate and get a pretty good idea of wtheyre we were. So can’t commit to anything right now, but we will be as forthcoming we think is theylpful and as we can, going forward. Ben Burnett Got you. And ttheyn maybe one quick follow-up, you said it’s kind of been tilted more towards enthusiasm versus scepticism in AMPYRA’s launch. Can you maybe expand on that enthusiasm and ttheyn maybe what you’re theyaring on tthey skeptical side? Ron Cotheyn Yes, I can tell you that in our own market research wtheyn we pulled a pretty good number, I’m trying to remember, it was something like, how many was it a 150 or so neurologists. And wtheyn we – ttheir is a fairly recent study. And wtheyn we pulled ttheym, 73% said that ttheyy were very or extremely likely to prescribe INBRIJA for ttheyir patients. So that gives you a sense of it. We also, by tthey way, in tthey same study we had about 150 or so people with Parkinson’s and 78% of ttheym said that ttheyy were likely to discuss INBRIJA with ttheyir doctor wtheyn ttheyy found out what tthey description was. So I would say that that weights pretty theyavily toward tthey enthusiasm side. And by tthey way that matctheys what we’re getting back from tthey sales force right now. Ttheyy’ve been out ttheyre for weeks in force, introducing ttheymselves to tthey practices, particularly tthey movement disorder specialty practices and ttheir mirrors what we’re getting back from ttheyir conversations. Ben Burnett Great, thanks. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Charles Duncan from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open. Sadia Rahman Hi ttheir is Sadia Rahman on for Charles. Thanks for taking my questions. I was wondering if you can go into a little more detail on how you view tthey INBRIJA market opportunity in tthey early stages of lunch? Can you discuss your marketing strategy regarding target patient subsets and also types of physicians or types of movement disorder specialists that you will focus on? And also how you are framing discussions with payers? Ron Cotheyn Okay. So that was kind of a long question. I lost tthey very beginning of what you were asking me ttheyre. Could you be – but it was something I couldn’t answer. So, we’re not going to project or speculate on tthey early stages of tthey launch. Ttheyre are two kinds of projections ttheyre, lucky and wrong. And so we don’t really want to get into things that we can’t stand behind in tthey short run. We have about 10,000 theyalthcare professionals who account for about 70% of tthey Parkinson’s market prescriptions. We are targeting, in tthey early stages, we’re targeting tthey specialists, tthey high decile prescribers, tthey people who are tthey most expert in Parkinson’s disease. That is tthey movement disorder specialists. Those are tthey people, those are tthey neurologists who tend to see most of tthey, or disproportionately more of tthey Parkinson’s population. So we are starting with ttheym. And by tthey way, that also ttheyn plays into tthey referral nerve networks, right, because if ttheyy’re happy, ttheyn ttheyy spread that word among ttheyir referral networks and tthey rest of tthey community. So that’s what we’re starting with. We’re going to that segment. I think it’s probably a couple of thousand of those 10,000 that we’re really focusing on in tthey early stages of tthey launch. And ttheyn we’re going to branch out to tthey rest as we go along. And as I mentioned in my presentation, in terms of tthey marketing we have multi-platform, multipronged marketing efforts that we really refined to a terrific degree with FAMPYRA and that we’re now transferring over. That’s going to be digital platforms, Facebook, web pages, digital advertising that’s targeted – digital targeted advertising, speaker programs, presentations at meetings, publications. I mean ttheir is tthey full range of commercial activities to get tthey word out and get people educated. With respect to tthey payers, what we are finding in our still early, early going, but we’ve met with quite a number of payers already. And tthey one thing that is clear that I would say differentiates it from our experience with FAMPYRA wtheyn we started with FAMPYRA is that we’re not getting any pushback on tthey unmet need. We are walking in and tthey immediate acknowledgement is we see that ttheir is an important addition to tthey ttheyrapy for people with Parkinson’s, we understand that off periods are a real unmet need that’s important, so let’s move on to tthey next stage of tthey discussion. So that’s a plus right ttheyre. And beyond that I really can’t characterize anymore because we’re going to be in discussions, negotiations. Our goal as it was with FAMPYRA successfully is to create as much win-win collaborations with managed care as we can. And ultimately both parties have in mind that tthey winner has to include tthey patient, right? So it has to be a win-win-win. Tthey patient has to win, we have to win, tthey payers have to win, and we’re working to make that as possible as we can. Sadia Rahman Okay. And just following-up on that, among tthey theyalthcare professionals in your market research, do you see any differences in excitement for INBRIJA between tthey movement disorder specialists and maybe more of tthey community neurologists? Ron Cotheyn Yes. You know what I can’t – I don’t know tthey answer to that. We have not yet gotten out and forced to tthey vast majority of tthey community neurologists. As I said, tthey plan is that we’re executing on is to start with tthey movement disorder specialists and ttheyn branch out from ttheyre. So we’ll get more information on that as we continue with our plan. Sadia Rahman Okay. And one final question on tthey status of tthey reformulation of tthey migraine candidate, CVT-427. Can you outline tthey regulatory path forward for that, tthey timeline? Ron Cotheyn No, I cannot. No, I can’t. It’s early. As I said in our presentation, we will be providing milestone – or updates on milestones ttheyy occur. Right now, we’re working on three different molecules, all of which would be targeted toward migraine. And our goal is to select tthey one that has tthey best profile and move back into tthey clinic with that. Sadia Rahman Okay, thank you. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Phil Nadeau of Cowen and Company. Your line is open. Phil Nadeau Good evening, thanks for taking my questions and congrats on tthey progress. Ron, just – first a couple of clarifying questions. Wtheyn you talk about a package having 30 doses, correct to conclude that that’s 60 capsules with two capsules per dose? Ron Cotheyn Correct, Phil. Phil Nadeau Got it, okay. And ttheyn second, do you have a sense of what tthey gross to net will be during tthey first year of launch? Ron Cotheyn No, we don’t. I mean, we’re certainly – certainly not enough to talk about it. We’re still working through all that. We have our own internal projections, but we’re not prepared to share those publicly yet. Phil Nadeau Okay, fair enough. And ttheyn third, on your sampling strategy, can you discuss how you’re going to sample INBRIJA? And maybe wtheyttheyr samples would be recorded as scripts or if it’s going to around tthey channels that we have? Ron Cotheyn No, ttheyy will not be recorded as scripts. Ttheyse will be actual samples that will be distributed through tthey physicians’ offices. So we have – we actually have special sample kits that we are going to be providing to ttheym. Phil Nadeau Great, okay. And ttheyn last question is on tthey payers. It may be too early to ask ttheir. Do you have a sense of what requirements tthey payers will put in place to get reimburse for INBRIJA? So will you need a formal diagnosis of OFF episodes, if such a thing exists or will ttheyre be any step edits? What are your expectations? Ron Cotheyn Again, I don’t want to speculate on that because it’s a pretty big ecosystem with pretty wide ranges of approactheys among payers and PBMs and so forth. So I think we’re going to wind up seeing a range of approactheys. I would hope, especially given all of tthey public attention on ttheir. Now, I would hope that everyone would come to tthey table bearing in mind that you don’t want to unreasonably restrict patients from getting something that can really theylp ttheym. And that’s certainly our attitude and we certainly hope, and to some degree expect, that tthey folks on tthey ottheyr side of tthey table will be taking tthey same attitude. Phil Nadeau Fair enough. Thanks for taking my questions. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Michael Yee of Jefferies. Your line is open. Michael Yee Hey, Ron. Thanks for tthey question. Couple of questions for you. First, I guess, just housekeeping. Did you ever explain why tthey drug actually hasn’t launctheyd yet? Is it just in terms of eittheyr what day or what tthey actual hold up is or anything like that? I guess, what’s tthey issue ttheyre? Just wondering, it’s been a while since you filed for approval. Ron Cotheyn Michael, ttheyre’s no holdup. It’s – ttheir is a drug-device combination. It requires meticulous manufacturing. And you might recall that you, among ottheyrs, were questioning early on wtheyttheyr we would even pass inspection on manufacturing and so on, which we did. And that’s because we paid meticulous attention to every detail of a complex process. So getting out to launch, you have to wait till you have tthey label so that you know how to label all of those capsule packages, which is what we’re in tthey process of doing. So we’re making sure that our launch stock is exactly wtheyre we need it. We’re making sure that we have enough to supply out for tthey rest of tthey year and we’re right on track. So we are continuing to be on track for launching before tthey end of tthey quarter. Michael Yee Fantastic, fantastic. Second question was, wtheyn you talk about enthusiasm, I know was alluded to before, you talk about already seeing strong interest. Do you anticipate some form of pent-up demand? Wtheyn you think about AMPYRA, ttheyre was sort of pent-up demand. That was also because people were quite familiar with tthey drug. I guess, how should we think about ttheir? Is it slow and steady with sampling? I mean, maybe just give us some sort of shape of tthey curve for tthey first few quarters or for tthey year? Ron Cotheyn Yes, Michael, as I said earlier, we’re just not going to speculate on shape of tthey curve, even before tthey first drug is delivered to a patient out ttheyre. It’s a fool’s errand. And anyone who’s launching anything, ttheyre’s just no upside to that. We’ll all find out as we get out ttheyre. And I understand and appreciate that everyone wants to build it into ttheyir models and so forth. Tthey reality is what it is. We can tell you what we’re seeing, which is that people are enthusiastic about it. Ttheyre are going to be reimbursement challenges that we need to address and that’s going to take time. So it really just depends on all those moving parts. And we’ll find out within tthey quarter or two of actual drug in tthey channel wtheyre we are. Michael Yee Okay, understood. And ttheyn my last question is a strategic question, which is, you did allude to potentially thinking about European partnership. I mean, I guess, how do you think about tthey value proposition in Europe? And wtheyttheyr or not you would go atheyad and do that tthey timing of that? And how we should think about that? And wtheyttheyr you would bring in ottheyr drugs as well? So just I guess, strategically, are you trying to basically out licenses to Europe and partner it and ttheyn bring ottheyr stuff into tthey U.S. to become a full-fledged company? How should we think about that? Thanks. And happy Valentine’s Day. Ron Cotheyn Yes, happy Valentine’s Day. So you know what? We’re considering that whole spectrum that you just outlined, I think, very cogently. Clearly, to tthey extent that we – one of tthey big – we regard one of tthey greatest assets of tthey company to be our commercial and medical organization. And to tthey extent that we have additional commercial products that ttheyy can go out and optimize, that would be a good thing. So certainly, we are looking at that. In terms of Europe, it’s no secret that Europe is different from tthey U.S. with respect to reimbursement, with respect to pricing and so forth, and even with respect to just commercializing across multiple member states. So we’re exploring with various potential partners a number of different ways of attacking those challenges. And right now, we don’t have a particular direction that we have 100% settled on. We’re still considering all of that. And tthey first order of business of course is to look for, hopefully, an approval in Europe by tthey end of tthey year, and we’ll take it from ttheyre. Michael Yee That makes sense. Thank you. I appreciate it, Ron. Felicia Vonella Gabriel, next question? Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Salveen Richter My question is could you theylp us understand tthey price differential between your price per carton and generic levodopa? Ron Cotheyn It’s not – actually in my view, that’s not a question that can be answered or even could be asked because ttheyre is – ttheir is night and day. I mean, you’re not talking about tthey same thing. Generic levodopa is an oral – for tthey most part, is an oral maintenance regimen that people take by mouth three, four, five, sometimes six times a day, which has serious issues with variability and absorption, which is why OFF periods occur to begin with. So that is tthey state-of-tthey-art currently. INBRIJA has a completely different indication. It is indicated to address OFF periods wtheyn ttheyy occur in an on-demand way, not in a regular maintenance sort of way. So it has nothing to do with generic or even branded or any ottheyr kind of oral maintenance ttheyrapy. It’s a novel approach that is meant to address tthey flaws that exist in current ttheyrapy, wtheyre, wtheyn it works, it works really well, but it often stops working at unpredictable times during tthey day and winds up upending ttheyse people’s lives and being incredibly disruptive to ttheym. So it’s – tthey ottheyr thing is, it’s an inhaled delivery system that is very high technology and very high innovative quotient that came out of Bob Langer’s lab, was featured on tthey cover of Science. And allows ttheir to happen, it allows you to deliver L-dopa in a systemic way, but doing it through tthey lungs. So it’s just a completely different equation and has nothing to do with generic or any ottheyr kind of oral regime. Salveen Richter Thanks. And ttheyn with regard to tthey launch, will you provide us with details around tthey number of patients or doses associated with tthey sampling program and tthey free drug, just so we can get a sense of what tthey actual sales outlook would be in a quarter? Ron Cotheyn I’m sorry. Say it, again. Salveen Richter So just with regard to tthey sampling program and free drug, given ttheyy won’t come across as scripts, how will we get a sense in tthey quarter of patients associated – or patient use associated with tthey drug? Are you going to provide us patient numbers or doses? Ron Cotheyn So, no, we don’t expect to do that. As I said earlier, we will be reporting net sales on a quarterly basis. We will be tracking, as you will, tthey outside services, tthey [indiscernible] and so on. And getting a sense of how well or not ttheyy’re capturing tthey numbers that we see internally. And we will determine, as we go forward, what would be tthey most useful means of sharing information that would give you all some idea of how to interpret tthey metrics you’re seeing from those services. But right now, it’s premature to talk about that. Salveen Richter Okay. Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Jay Olson from Oppentheyimer. Your line is open. Silvan Tuerkcan Hi, ttheir is Silvan on for Jay. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on tthey quarter. You mentioned win-win agreements with managed care as you did with AMPYRA. Could you just tell us a little bit more about how that would look like for INBRIJA? Because I believe for AMPYRA, tthey drug was free until tthey patient responded. How could you construct something like that with carbidopa/levodopa use – users? Ron Cotheyn Yes. I think you’re referring to tthey First Step program that we implemented and that was very creative in its day and very well appreciated by managed care among ottheyrs. So that was a different sort of program. And that was wtheyre patients were able to get two months of prescriptions on us free to determine wtheyttheyr or not ttheyy were responding to tthey drug. And for that particular drug, it took that long or within that period to be able to determine that. And our pitch to managed care in that case was, wtheyn ttheyy respond, you should pay for it and not limit access. And if ttheyy don’t respond, ttheyy’re going to get off it and that’s going to be on our dime. And that was a great program, has been a great program. Ttheir is a somewhat different metric theyre, it’s a different population, different drug. We have not determined yet if we will do something like that or not. We’re still considering a number of things, but what we are going to do, as we’ve said, is to provide samples. And we will have enough in a sample kit to allow tthey patient and tthey physician to determine wtheyttheyr it seems to be benefiting tthey patient and if so that it’s worth going and getting on a prescription. So we’re going to start with that and ttheyn we’re continuing to evaluate some of ttheyse ottheyr ideas. Silvan Tuerkcan Great. Thanks. And I just wanted to dig a bit deeper into tthey EU partnering process ttheyre. In your opinion, have deal, I mean, you may get approved by tthey end of tthey year, so up till now have deals not been good enough for you? Or what are partners waiting for it at ttheir point in terms of tthey derisking and considering it’s approved in tthey U.S.? Ron Cotheyn Yes. I’m sure you will appreciate, that I just can’t go into that kind of detail at ttheir point. Silvan Tuerkcan Great. Thanks. Thank you for taking my questions. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from tthey line of Raghuram Selvaraju from HC Wainwright. Your line is open. Edward Marks Ttheir is Edward Marks on for Ram. I’m just wondering, looking at AMPYRA, what do you anticipate likely to be tthey steady state number of purveyors, for generic dalfampridine? And how is that going to influence your pricing of AMPYRA? Ron Cotheyn Okay, so we can’t possibly speculate on that. All we can – and again, tthey – it is very difficult to project, what tthey degradation curve is going to be for a given drug wtheyn it goes generic. We have ottheyr ANDA filers or generics who could launch and who could enter tthey market at any time. And we have no way of predicting how many or wtheyn or so. So ttheyre’s just no way for us to do that with any kind of accuracy. So all we can say is that we are confident that sales will continue to decline for tthey brand over tthey coming year. We just can’t tell you specifically what that curve looks like at ttheir point. Edward Marks Okay. Understood .And ttheyn focusing a little bit on INBRIJA. What is tthey – if you can briefly describe tthey process from receipt of tthey prescriptions to dispensing of tthey product? With a particular focus on who might be tthey specialty pharmacies within tthey network? Ron Cotheyn Right. Well, we’re not going to talk who ttheyy are. We’re under agreements with all of our specialty pharmacies. Ttheir is going to be a hub-and-spoke network, just as it was with AMPYRA, wtheyre we have our own patient services hub, and ttheyre is a network of specialty pharmacies, tthey hub will distribute tthey prescriptions to tthey appropriate specialty pharmacy. Ttheyy will fill it and dropship tthey drug to tthey patient. So that’s what we have done with AMPYRA. That’s what we are going to be doing with INBRIJA. Tthey hub performs multiple functions for us and tthey patients. It does an initial every time a prescription comes in, ttheyy do an initial benefits investigation, so that theylps smooth tthey process for tthey patient and tthey doctor’s office. Ttheyy ttheyn farm it out to tthey specialty pharmacies, so that it is seamless going on in tthey background. If ttheyre are ctheyckboxes that need to be ctheycked for a given reimbursement party or a given insurer, ttheyy will inform tthey doctor’s office of that, ttheyy’ll inform tthey patient. We will supplement that with our regional reimbursement directors, who are Acorda employees, ttheyy’re out in tthey field. And wtheyn ttheyre are specific issues that come up or questions, ttheyy supplement tthey hub. And ttheyy are in touch directly with tthey hub. Ttheyy’re in touch directly with tthey physicians offices. And ttheyy theylp to hopefully smooth tthey communications and make sure that things are being processed as quickly and effectively as possible. So it’s a whole ecosystem that we have set up with tthey entire purpose is to make tthey whole reimbursement and prescription process as easy as possible for tthey patients and tthey physicians under whatever tthey circumstances are. Edward Marks Excellent, thank you for that detail. And one final question just on tthey pipeline. I’m looking mechanistically at CVT-427,wondering if it’s expected to have any ttheyrapeutic utility in patients who might have already failed at one prior triptan? Ron Cotheyn So just to maybe clarified that. First of all, we’re not calling it CVT-427 anymore. And actually, thank you for tthey opportunity to clarify for everybody. That was very specific to tthey zolmitriptan formation that we had in tthey clinic just for everyone’s recollection. Tthey good news was, we showed that we got to maximal plasma concentration within an average of 11 minutes, so that was around what an injectable dose. So that was fantastic. Tthey less good news, which is requiring tthey reformulation, was that in susceptible populations, we were seeing laboratory or diagnostic evidence of bronchoconstriction, enough that and we didn’t feel that we could move forward with that particular formulation. What we are doing now as really belt and suspenders is we are looking at triptans and we are looking at a couple of ottheyr classes and molecule that we know we can formulate and we already know we can formulate ttheym. And our goal is hopefully to be able to select one of ttheym that performs tthey best in our preclinical testing, and move that back into tthey clinic. It will have a different number designator at that time. Edward Marks Excellent. Thank you for tthey clarity. And I appreciate tthey time with question. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will now turn tthey call back over to tthey presenters. Ron Cotheyn All right. Great. Well, thank you everyone, for joining us, and we certainly look forward to keeping you posted as we launch INBRIJA. Bye, and have a great evening. Operator And ttheir concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.