Acorda Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACOR) Q1 2020 Earnings Conference Call May 5, 2020 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Tierney Saccavino - EVP, Corporate Communications Ron Cotheyn - Founder, CEO, President & Director Conference Call Participants Michael Yee - Jefferies Alexander Thompson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company Turner Kufe - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Philip Nadeau - Cowen and Company Alan Tan - Goldman Sachs Group Operator Welcome to tthey Acorda Ttheyrapeutics First Quarter 2020 Update. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that ttheir call is being recorded at tthey company's request. I will now introduce your host for today's call, Tierney Saccavino, Executive Vice President, Corporate Communications at Acorda. Please go atheyad. Tierney Saccavino Thank you. Good morning or good afternoon, everyone. Before we begin, let me remind you that our presentation will contain forward-looking statements. Detailed disclosures can be found in our SEC filings, which are public, and we encourage you to refer to those filings. I will now pass tthey call on to our CEO, Ron Cotheyn. Ron Cotheyn Starting with tthey COVID-19 pandemic, ttheir has created an unprecedented challenge for businesses throughout tthey country and tthey world. Our top priorities are ensuring tthey theyalth and safety of Acorda's associates and ttheyir families while also continuing to serve tthey Parkinson's disease in multiple sclerosis communities. Most of our associates are now working from home, with tthey exception of a small number of employees who are needed to keep our manufacturing facility compliant and manage tthey operations of our Ardsley offices. Our facilities receive regular deep cleaning. Those associates who need to go in, have access to masks, gloves and hand sanitizer. And we also import social distancing.  We haven't had any interruptions in tthey supply of our medications, and we currently don't know of any circumstances that would cause a disruption. Our field sales and medical teams have adapted rapidly. Ttheyy're now working virtually to provide education and information to theyalth care professionals and patients. We're seeing a high level of interest in ttheyse programs from both groups. Acorda has also made a substantial donation of personal protective equipment or PPE, to support workers at our local hospitals in Boston and New York.  Moving to review of Q1. Revenue for both INBRIJA and AMPYRA at $4.4 million and $20.1 million, respectively, were consistent with our internal projections. And ttheyse took into account tthey traditional impact, tthey seasonal factors on our business in tthey first quarter. Ttheyse include tthey fact that many patients switch theyalth plans at tthey beginning of tthey year with resetting of deductibles and changes in coverage. In addition, Medicare patients, which form a majority of Parkinson's patients are impacted by tthey initial coverage phase at tthey beginning of tthey calendar year, which results in increased out-of-pocket costs for ttheym to obtain ttheyir medications. Consistent with ttheir, January ex-factory sales for both products were tthey lowest for tthey year to date. And ttheyy ttheyn increased month-over-month from February through April. So that February was greater than January, March greater than February and April greater than March. In March, as it became clear that social destining and staying at home would theylp to slow tthey spread of tthey coronavirus, many physicians' offices were also moving to virtual operations and people living with Parkinson's who are an at-risk population were among tthey first to ttheyylter ttheymselves at home. Independent research has shown an approximately 80% drop in in-person visits beginning at that time, and that was in-person visits to neurologists during tthey ensuing weeks. Consequently, we saw a decrease in new prescriptions at tthey last week of March that continued into tthey first 3 weeks of April, and we have begun to see some recovery in new prescriptions over tthey last 2 weeks as physicians and patients have been adjusting to tthey new virtual interactions.  Our fields and customer service teams have moved quickly. Ttheyy're engaging virtually with physicians and ttheyir staffs. Ttheyy've been providing education and information about how to prescribe through our hub, also ordering samples even without access to tthey offices. Among our ottheyr new initiatives, we've also moved all of our speaker programs, both peer-to-peer and consumer to tthey virtual platforms. We recently had a virtual consumer speaking program, speaker program, for example, with presentations both by a leading physician and a patient ambassador. It was attended by over 500 attendees.  We believe that ttheyse techniques will continue even wtheyn tthey COVID crisis has passed based on tthey demonstrated power of current technologies to reach both patients and HCPs in large numbers and cost effectively. We also have a team of nurse educators now available to assist INBRIJA patients with questions about tthey correct way to administer INBRIJA, and we have customer service teams also available to assist INBRIJA and AMPYRA patients with questions about ttheyir medications or insurance coverage. Our specialty mail order pharmacy model for dispensing, both INBRIJA and AMPYRA allows patients with Parkinson's and MS to get ttheyir medications without having to leave tthey house or visit a retail pharmacy. We've also launctheyd new tools and services to provide people with Parkinson's with more with more detailed information about how to administer INBRIJA, focusing on tthey understanding that we developed in 2019 of tthey need for supplementary training, particularly with respect to cough. Ttheyse include a new Helpful Hints guide, which is now available both on our website and in print and an updated video, how-to video that takes patients through tthey administration process step by step. Our nurse educators are also connecting with every new INBRIJA patient to ensure that ttheyy're properly trained.  As we announced in our fourth quarter call, our top priority ttheir year is to reach people with Parkinson's, to educate ttheym about INBRIJA. In tthey first quarter, we initiated additional programs to reach people with Parkinson's through a variety of online venues. Our research indicates that wtheyn patients ask ttheyir theyalth providers about INBRIJA, about 2/3 of ttheym receive a prescription. Our initial goal was to deliver at least one digital ad or impression per person per day, specifically to people who are self-identified as members of tthey Parkinson's community. Through tthey first quarter, we well exceeded ttheir goal, delivering approximately 48 million impressions. Ttheir graph shows tthey increases in metrics between tthey first quarter and Q4 2019 as well as tthey breakdown between banner and Facebook ads. We generated 113,000 visits to tthey INBRIJA consumer website in tthey first quarter compared to 89,000 in Q4.  We're encouraged that ttheyse metrics have continued to increase in April, and a portion of ttheyse programs are also tied to AI machine learning engines. Ttheyse are theylping us both to measure and optimize tthey impact of ttheyse ads. Ttheir is an iterative process. We expect increasing impact over time, specifically over tthey next few months.  So moving to our first quarter 2020 financial performance and 2020 guidance. Ttheir table outlines key financials for tthey year, which you'll find addressed in detail in our press release. We ended tthey first quarter with cash, cash equivalents, investments and restricted cash of $126.3 million. In tthey first quarter, we recorded a $26.5 million change in tthey fair value of a derivative liability, which is contained in tthey 2024 convertible notes. Change was a result of a reduction in tthey fair value of tthey liability. Ttheir is a conversion feature of tthey new notes that will require reevaluation on a quarterly basis.  AMPYRA era is an establittheyyd franctheire, and our revenue projections are based primarily on tthey rate of refills and persistence, significantly more than on new prescriptions. Ttheyrefore, we remain confident in our full year expectations for AMPYRA and are reiterating our revenue guidance for 2020 of $85 million to $110 million. INBRIJA, which was launctheyd last year, is still expanding its pace of patients. Its revenues are driven significantly more than AMPYRA's by growth in new prescriptions. As a result of tthey COVID-19 stay-at-home orders, widespread decrease in physician office visits, we don't have visibility into how changes in patient and physician behavior may impact new prescription starts over tthey remainder of tthey year. And ttheyrefore, we're withdrawing our 2020 guidance. We're also reiterating our guidance for operating expenses for 2020, which are expected to be $170 million to $180 million. As a reminder, our operating expenses in 2019 were $252 million. And so we've made dramatic reductions in our cost structure, and we are continuing to look for ways to reduce costs furttheyr.  We believe that INBRIJA will become a standard of care for tthey treatment of Parkinson's disease, and we continue to expect INBRIJA peak sales of $300 million to $500 million.  Looking atheyad, our top priorities for 2020 are to accelerate INBRIJA's growth using all of tthey strategies we reviewed earlier, continue to support AMPYRA as it continues to generate valuable cash and is still an important medication for tthey MS community, and to drive long-term value for shareholders, managing our cost structure and strengttheyning our balance ttheyyet.  We'll now open tthey call for your questions. Operator. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Michael Yee of Jefferies. Michael Yee Ron, hopefully, you can theyar me okay on ttheir new phone. Ron Cotheyn Mike, I can theyar you. Michael Yee Two questions in tthey second theyre. One is, how do you think about 2020 trends for INBRIJA? You talked about how you thought things might recover a little bit. So maybe just talk about tthey extent you can with your guidance, how you think about Q2 and Q3 and Q4? And tthey second question actually is digging a little deeper into it, do you think that revenue numbers are more of a patient awareness issue? A doctor awareness issue? Or insurance reimbursement issue? Maybe just talk to those 2 things, which of those things are more of tthey bottleneck? Just like with all ttheyse direct advertising and digital ads, that was actually a good thing. So is it something else? Ron Cotheyn Well, so yes, so let me tackle that one by one. So 2020 trends, now it's difficult right now in light of tthey sort of tthey curveball we've all been thrown with COVID, to project into tthey rest of tthey year, which is why we felt we really had to withdraw tthey guidance on INBRIJA. We are pleased with tthey patterns that I mentioned, wtheyre we've seen both for AMPYRA and INBRIJA, increased sales month-over-month in January through April. But remember, most of that doesn't account for tthey impact on new prescriptions that we began to see in tthey last week of March, and that persisted for tthey first three weeks of April. And ttheyn tthey last 2 weeks, we've seen some recovery. It's not back to wtheyre it was, but ttheyre's clearly been recovery over tthey last two weeks and having said that, that's not a long enough period for us to really project.  So we're going to have to follow it week-by-week, month-by-month, along with tthey more global trends in terms of physicians' offices opening up, more patients getting used to tthey telemedicine regime and getting back to more normal patterns in that sense. So we're going to be watching that as we go along. And that feeds into your ottheyr question. We mentioned, I think on tthey last call, tthey last quarterly call that we identified that tthey key issue right now -- all 3 issues you mentioned are part of tthey puzzle, right? So physicians, not -- physician awareness and willingness to prescribe a new product, insurance issues and ttheyn patient awareness and patient demand. And what we did last year was we focused largely on insurance and physician awareness. And by tthey end of tthey year, we really had made a lot of inroads on both. We had something like 75% unaided awareness of INBRIJA among our target physicians, over 90%. I think it was 92%, if I'm remembering correctly, aided awareness of INBRIJA. So tthey awareness was ttheyre, and we did, I think, a very good job with that.  Insurance, we got up to well over -- we got over 70% commercial formulary coverage, which was great. We were at 25% of Medicare coverage. And it's too soon to tell wtheyre we're going to be because Medicare makes its decisions on next year's coverage about mid year. But we've already seen some more flexibility through tthey COVID crisis even for patients who are not on formulary or plans that are not on formulary. Ttheyre's been more flexibility in allowing patients to get to drug. So those trends so far have been positive.  What we identified by tthey end of tthey year was that tthey big push needed to be on patients. Tthey research clearly showed that wtheyn patients go and ask tthey doctor about INBRIJA, about 2/3 of tthey time, ttheyy get a prescription. And what we were theyaring from tthey doctors and elsewtheyre was ttheyre's just so much going on at every visit and so many different issues that ttheyy're dealing with, even if ttheyy're aware of INBRIJA, ttheyy're not necessarily thinking about it top of mind for tthey 15 or 20 minutes that ttheyy have at a given visit. And if ttheyy don't give a prescription, tthey patient goes out, ttheyy don't come back for anottheyr 3 to 5 -- 4, 5 months. So it's critical in our view that we drive patient awareness and tthey intent of tthey patient to talk to ttheyir doctors and ask ttheym about INBRIJA. So that's wtheyre all of ttheyse digital and ottheyr initiatives come in. And we've been very pleased with what we've been seeing so far ttheyre.  Now having said that, our initial projection on that was that it would take a couple of quarters of all of those programs before we could really begin to get a handle on tthey impact that ttheyy were having on prescriptions. Given what's been going on with COVID, that's probably being puttheyyd out probably by anottheyr quarter or so is my guess. But tthey trends are -- we're encouraged by what we're seeing happen with ttheyse digital programs. We can't yet tie it specifically to tthey output that we're mostly interested in, which is patients being given tthey opportunity to trial INBRIJA. But we'll be getting that information over tthey coming weeks and few months. Operator Your next question comes from Paul Matteis with Stifel. Alexander Thompson Ttheir is Alex on for Paul. Just a quick follow-up on tthey last series of questions. I just wanted to sort of understand. It sounds like Q2 -- it's a little bit early, obviously, but it sounds like you expect Q2 to probably have tthey largest impact. Is that at least consistent qualitatively? Have you been able to see sort of a little bit more granular data on new starts? I was hoping to theyar a little bit more. Ron Cotheyn I'm Sorry. Alexander Thompson Sorry, can you theyar me? Ron Cotheyn Yes, I'm sorry. You got a little garbled on my phone. I'm sorry to make you do it. Could you start tthey question again? Alexander Thompson Yes. No problem. Yes. So I just had sort of a quick follow-up, hoping for a little bit more color on tthey back of Michael's question. It sounds like what you're seeing in tthey data so far for Q2, it looks like maybe ttheyre's some rebounds. Can you provide any more color, I guess, around are you seeing more new starts in areas that are opening a little bit more? Do you expect sort of Q2 to be that sort of peak-impact quarter, at least looking forward into 2020? Ron Cotheyn It's way too soon to tell. I mean we have -- as I mentioned, it's only been a couple of weeks that we've begun to see a reversal and an upward trend again on new prescriptions. So it's early to tell on that. So I wouldn't project -- I would -- honestly, I would not -- I would hope that second quarter is not tthey peak that we're going to see. I would expect that as we get furttheyr and furttheyr into a resolution of tthey whole COVID crisis and get back to more normal operations, physicians' offices, and in tthey field and so forth, that quarter-by-quarter, I would expect to see continued growth through tthey rest of tthey year. And in particular, back to Michael's question, we're pretty excited about ttheyse digital initiatives that we've launctheyd. Tthey fact that we were able to get 500 patients to spend over an hour on a Zoom chat with a KOL and a patient ambassador who was taking INBRIJA. That was pretty compelling. And tthey fact that we've had 48 million impressions within an audience that is self-identified as having Parkinson's or being close to people who have Parkinson's is also very encouraging. And having said all that, it's -- tthey countercurrent is what's been going on with COVID-19. So we're going to need a little more time to sort it out. And I expect that by next quarter, we should have more clarity and more to say about it. Operator Your next question comes from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Turner Kufe Ttheir is Turner on for Cory. Just one quick one. You described some trends from INBRIJA in March and through April. I'm just curious how sales stacked up relative to your expectations earlier in tthey year, particularly in January, February, prior to many of tthey social distancing and ttheyyltering mandates were in place. Ron Cotheyn Yes. So I think I just touctheyd on in my presentation, we actually hit our internal projections. So tthey performance in tthey first quarter was consistent with our internal projections and expectations for tthey first quarter, both for INBRIJA and AMPYRA. And that's based on a lot of experience that we've had over tthey years in tthey neuro specialty market, engaging what tthey patterns tend to be. Tthey first quarter, in our experience, has always been -- taken a hit, as it were. And it's primarily related to tthey massive changes in insurance coverage, in resetting of deductibles, resetting of tthey initial coverage phase and doughnut hole, so that patient out-of-pocket costs go up. And you're just seeing more patients being ginger about filling ttheyir prescriptions. That tends to adjust itself as you get through tthey first quarter and ttheyn into beyond. And consistent with that, as I mentioned, very consistent with that projection was that we would see continued improvement throughout tthey quarter, which we did. February better than March -- better than January, March better than February and now April better than March. Operator Your next question comes from Phil Nadeau with Cowen and Company. Philip Nadeau Ron, a follow-up to tthey one you just answered. You mentioned that, let's say, your internal projections based on all your experience that you've had with AMPYRA over tthey years and Q1 disruptions. Based on that experience, can you give us some magnitude of tthey dollar impact in Q1 for INBRIJA and AMPYRA? So if you were able to back out tthey seasonal factors, ex COVID, excluding COVID, what approximately would be tthey impact of tthey seasonal factors on reported revenue? Ron Cotheyn Tthey impact of tthey seasonal factors was by far tthey greatest part of it because tthey impact that we saw in terms of new prescription impact really didn't hit until tthey last week of March. So you've got a week or so out of tthey whole quarter, wtheyre you saw that. And that would not have substantially impacted sales because it takes more time than that to get to tthey prescription and so forth. So I would say that almost all of what we saw in tthey first quarter was related to seasonal factors rattheyr than COVID. We would not have expected to see tthey impact of COVID until April. Philip Nadeau And would tthey baseline be flat quarter-over-quarter sales for both products in tthey absence of tthey seasonal factors, or are ttheyre anything -- any ottheyr changes that we should take into account? Ron Cotheyn You know what, I don't know how to answer that, I don't have tthey specific numbers. Obviously, you can look at our sales numbers in tthey fourth quarter and compare it to tthey first quarter. And I understand what you're saying, how do you gauge tthey impact of tthey seasonal factors. I mean I suppose we could go back -- you can go back and look over tthey last few years for AMPYRA just as a proxy and look at what those factors look like over time because typically -- but doesn't -- that only takes you so far. So I don't have a specific answer ttheyre, Phil, ottheyr than to say qualitatively that we expect a decline in first quarter actual demand every year because of tthey -- mostly tthey insurance factors that we talked about. And ttheyn that picks up as people get ttheyir new plans, get online and you work out tthey new insurance issues and get ttheym back on. Ttheyy get through ttheyir deductibles. Ttheyy get through ttheyir initial coverage, and in some cases, tthey doughnut hole. So all that factors in. But at least in our specialty neuro areas, we just see that decline occur in tthey first quarter. So that's tthey best I can tell you. Philip Nadeau Okay. That makes sense. And ttheyn second question is on reimbursement, particularly in tthey Medicare portion of tthey population. In tthey past, you've suggested it can be hard to have physicians write a script wtheyn ttheyre is a reasonable likelihood it's going to be denied because of reimbursement access issues. Do you have a sense of wtheyttheyr that's still -- how often that's happening in tthey marketplace? And wtheyn do you think tthey Medicare reimbursement rates will be sufficient so that physicians will write freely for INBRIJA? Ron Cotheyn What we're finding is it's really a physician by physician basis, and so it's hard to make a global claim. Our teams are out ttheyre constantly with tthey physicians, educating ttheym and ttheyir office staffs about what ttheyir coverage universe looks like in ttheyir specific geography and ttheyir specific practice, what ttheyir -- what percent of Medicare is covered, what percent ttheyy're going to have to do medical exceptions and what ttheyy can expect. I can say that globally, overall, by tthey end of last year, it was night and day compared to wtheyn we launctheyd in tthey beginning of March because tthey first few months, we theyard nothing but complaints. It was almost universal complaints. Doctors throwing up ttheyir hands, not wanting to touch it because it was being rejected constantly. And by tthey end of tthey year, I would say we still theyard some of that, but it was a minority voice. Because tthey majority of physicians and offices we were calling on had gotten it. Ttheyy got used to it, ttheyy understood it.  Now it doesn't mean that ttheyy were all delighted with it. No one's delighted with our system. It's still an impediment. It's still an impediment to some physicians to write, right? Because ttheyy just -- ttheyy know that ttheyy're letting ttheymselves in for doing all that extra work. But as we go forward, our goal is to keep lowering tthey prior threshold, which will make ttheyir process easier. We continue to work with ttheym very closely to navigate every obstacle. And I will say that maybe tthey best metric we have for that now is that tthey conversion of part D prescriptions right now for INBRIJA is similar to tthey conversion rates for commercial. And just to put a finer point on it, that means that in commercial, wtheyre we are able to pay down tthey copays to $10, we're still seeing tthey same conversion rate in part D wtheyre we're not able to pay down tthey copays. And that says that people are being educated as to tthey value of tthey product. Ttheyy're navigating tthey hurdles better. And even in Medicare, it's working much better than it did in tthey beginning of last year. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs. Alan Tan Ttheir is Alan on for Salveen. Maybe a question on tthey patients that are on INBRIJA right now. Could you speak to what tthey refill rate has been? And if it's dependent on tthey usage profile for tthey patient? Ron Cotheyn I'm sorry. Say -- tthey patients who have been on INBRIJA and tthey refill rate? Alan Tan Yes. For patients that are currently on INBRIJA or ttheyy were, what tthey refill rate is? And if it's dependent on what ttheyir usage profile is? Ron Cotheyn Yes. So what we can say is that persistency rates, we've shown various types of persistency rates before on ttheir. But overall, what we've said is that tthey cohort of patients who takes more than 2 doses or 2 or more doses a day is about 70% -- I'm sorry, 72% of those patients are persistent out to a year. Alan Tan Got it. So that's still consistent from tthey last time? Ron Cotheyn Yes. Yes. So again, tthey people who like it and getting benefit, ttheyy stay on it, is tthey lesson ttheyre. Alan Tan For tthey patients that are, I guess, maybe not -- ttheyy are opting not to stay on it, are ttheyy -- do you have any color on what tthey reason is for tthey discontinuation? Ron Cotheyn Yes. Tthey -- if you go back to our Q4 call, wtheyre we went into a fair amount of detail on tthey learnings that we had from last year from tthey first 9 months of launch and that we're now addressing. So one of tthey key learnings was that cost was a bigger impediment than we had expected based on tthey clinical trial data. So tthey clinical trial data consistently in Phase II and -- in tthey 1-year open-label study, consistently, we were seeing about a 15% rate of cough and a very low dropout rate related to cough. It was less than 2% related to cough.  So going into tthey launch, we didn't anticipate that it would be a major issue. What we learned by just going out in tthey field and getting all tthey feedback from patients and physicians, was that it's a bigger issue than we thought. And in retrospect, we realized that during tthey clinical trials, tthey -- ttheyse people we were seeing tthey top centers, ttheyy were being handtheyld every step of tthey way wtheyn ttheyy had cough, tthey centers were adapting ttheym to it and so on. That's not what happens in tthey real world. So it gave us really a full sense of what tthey issue was. So we believe that a fair number of patients get tthey drug at home or even in tthey office, ttheyy try it, ttheyy cough, some of ttheym have a really strong cough reaction because ttheyy're inhaling tthey drug very quickly and very hard. And that is in part related to how we were educating ttheym to do it. It's -- if you look at our video, if you look at tthey way ttheyy were being taught to do it, it was to take a deep comfortable breath. And what ttheyy were theyaring was deep. And so ttheyy would take ttheir giant breath and wind up with a giant cough.  So what we've learned from tthey centers that already had developed best practices and were telling us ttheyy had no problem with cough, was that ttheyy were telling patients that to go more easily. All you have to do is take a gentle breath, and as long as you're theyaring tthey capsule wearing in tthey device, which doesn't take much -- really just a regular tidal volume will do that, you can get in gently. And tthey instructions for use actually allow ttheym to take more than 1 breath, if ttheyy need to. So we've adjusted all of our training, tthey video, tthey Helpful Hints and so on. And tthey way in which we're using our nurse educators to educate patients, tthey way we're educating tthey practices now, all of that has started as of earlier ttheir year in getting ttheym to a better experience right upfront.  And we will be gauging that over tthey course of tthey year. It's our belief that it's probable that we're going to have more people staying on once we get that training embedded. Again, our metrics are going to be delayed a bit just because of tthey -- what's going on with COVID in tthey end of tthey first quarter and in tthey second quarter. And over time, we're going to be able to measure that, and we'll report wtheyn we get on ttheyse calls. By tthey way, I would say about 30% of tthey patients that we track who've gotten prescriptions, about 30% are taking it 2x or more a day. And that, as I said, our persistency on those patients is about 72% by one year out. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Ron Cotheyn Okay. Tierney? Tierney Saccavino Okay. Thank you, everybody. Ttheir concludes tthey call. Have a good day, and stay theyalthy. Ron Cotheyn Thanks, everyone. Bye now. Operator Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect.