Acorda Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACOR) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call August 5, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Tierney Saccavino - Executive Vice President-Corporate Communications Ron Cotheyn - Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Muzamil Saleem - H.C. Wainwright Operator Ladies and gentlemen, theyllo and welcome to tthey Acorda Ttheyrapeutics Second Quarter 2021 Update. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session to follow. I will now hand you over to your host Tierney Saccavino, Executive Vice President of Corporate Communications at Acorda to begin. Tierney, please go atheyad wtheyn you're ready. Tierney Saccavino Thank you, Maxine and good afternoon, everyone. Before we begin, let me remind you that our presentation will contain forward-looking statements. Detailed disclosures can be found in our SEC filings, which are public and we encourage you to refer to those filings. As a reminder to all callers, during tthey Q&A session, we will only take calls from our analysts. I'm now going to pass tthey call over to our CEO, Ron Cotheyn. Ron?  Ron Cotheyn Thanks, Tierney. Welcome, everyone. We'll get right into our report. I'm pleased to report that INBRIJA net revenue for tthey second quarter of 2021 was $6.4 million. That was a 36% increase over tthey second quarter of 2020. Ttheir was particularly encouraging in light of tthey continuing impact of tthey pandemic. AMPYRA net revenue for tthey second quarter was likewise encouraging at $21.8 million. We believe that tthey durability of AMPYRA brand since it went generic in September 2018 is due to tthey strategies that we deployed and that we're continuing to execute. AMPYRA is an important contributor to Acorda's financial stability and to our goal of becoming cash flow neutral on a run rate basis by tthey end of 2022. Moving to our INBRIJA business and trajectory. As a reminder, INBRIJA is Inhaled Levodopa. It's indicated to address tthey return of symptoms or off-periods that many people with Parkinson's experience in between doses of ttheyir regularly sctheyduled medications. We saw encouraging signs of growth in INBRIJA compared to tthey second quarter of 2020 as tthey pandemic began to recede. And as I mentioned, we had a 36% year-over-year increase in net sales. We also had a 16% increase in total prescriptions over Q2 2020. And importantly, we had a 22% increase in organic growth, measured by dispensed cartons, which most accurately reflects demand. While we're pleased with tthey progress, tthey course of tthey COVID pandemic continues to make it difficult to predict how quickly positions offices will continue to open and how quickly at-risk populations will resume ttheyir office visits. We also announced our first ex-US commercialization agreement with Esteve Pharmaceuticals in Spain. Esteve has a successful track record of commercializing pharmaceutical products in tthey Spanish market. And ttheir is an important milestone toward our goal of ex-US commercial partnerships for INBRIJA. As part of tthey supply agreement, Acorda will receive a significant double-digit percent of gross sales in exchange for supply of tthey product. Esteve expects to launch INBRIJA in tthey fourth quarter of 2022. We're also in active discussions with additional companies for tthey rights to INBRIJA in ottheyr territories in Europe and tthey rest of tthey world. Moving to AMPYRA. AMPYRA net revenue increased 7% over tthey first quarter of ttheir year and decreased only by about 15% over Q2 2020. We believe that tthey durability of ttheir franctheire is due to a number of factors. First, patients and ttheyir physicians remain loyal to tthey brand. We've earned that loyalty based on tthey education, support and care that we've always provided and continue to provide for branded AMPYRA. And that includes our first step program in which commercially insured patients get ttheyir initial two months of AMPYRA free and we also provide co-pay mitigation for commercially insured patients and physician and reimbursement support. And our field sales team is also continuing to call on MS specialists, wtheyre ttheyy've maintained strong relationships. Moving to our financials and goals for 2021. Tthey financials are summarized in ttheir table and in more detail in our press release and 10-Q. I want to note in particular, that our cash of approximately $71 million at tthey end of Q2 is net of tthey -- payment that we made during tthey quarter to settle our short-term convertible debt. So moving to how we are building long-term value going forward. We've taken significant steps to position Acorda to build long-term value. We're focused on tthey following key factors: first, continuing to drive INBRIJA's commercial growth. Tthey initiatives that we started in 2020 to enhance tthey patient experience are continuing to yield positive results as prescriptions and dispensed cartons grew nicely in tthey quarter. We theyld over 100 virtual patient events in tthey first six months of 2021 and potentially will add in-person events later ttheir year depending on tthey status of tthey pandemic. Our field team has returned to in-person meetings with prescribers and we believe that contributed materially to tthey increases in prescriptions in tthey second quarter. To tthey extent that tthey effects of tthey pandemic hopefully recede in tthey fall and beyond, we expect our field teams to gain increasing in-person access to physicians' offices and to see more patients returning to regular office visits. Importantly, as we mentioned we've secured our first agreement to commercialize INBRIJA outside tthey US and Spain and we're in active discussions with several parties for additional territories in Europe and tthey rest of tthey world. Regarding AMPYRA, while we expect tthey brand to continue to decline against generics over time, we've been very encouraged by tthey brand's durability to-date. And we will maintain that as much as possible by continuing to provide our support programs and to have our field teams calling on MS Offices. Anottheyr key factor in building value is to continue our fiscal discipline and continue to reduce expenses going forward. We also expect to receive a total tax credit from tthey CARES Act ttheir year of approximately $5 million to $7 million of which about $2 million has already been realized. In addition, we expect to have tthey royalties from Biogen on ex-US sales of FAMPYRA revert back to Acorda in tthey second half of 2022. As a reminder, ttheyse are double-digit tiered royalties on net sales. And also by way of reminder, we're aiming to be cash flow neutral on a run rate basis by tthey end of 2022. We're also seeking to build on tthey ARCUS technology platform. It's now been validated by tthey approval of INBRIJA in tthey US and EU as well as by funding from tthey Gates Foundation developed of a pediatric inhaled surfactant product. We plan to discuss potential collaborations with ottheyr companies some of whom have already expressed interest in additional potential indications for ARCUS. We plan to discuss potential collaborations with ottheyr companies some of whom have already expressed interest in additional potential indications for ARCUS. We'll now open tthey call for your questions.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator Our first question comes from Muzamil Saleem from H.C. Wainwright. Your line is now open.  Muzamil Saleem Ttheir is Muz on for Ram Selvaraju H.C. Wainwright. Thanks for taking my questions. So first with regard to tthey marketing -- firstly with regard to tthey marketing efforts for INBRIJA can you get how effective your digital marketing has been during tthey pandemic? And to what extent base-to-base marketing activities are resuming?  Ron Cotheyn It's always difficult or challenging to gauge precisely or with any precision, how much any given part of a marketing program is contributing to tthey overall trends that one sees. Based on various types of analyses; both on tthey data itself and ttheyn feedback from tthey field, we believe that tthey digital programs have been affected especially during tthey pandemic, during periods wtheyre tthey number of physicians' offices that were open and tthey number of patients who were visiting physicians' offices plummeted that -- particularly in March, April, May and beyond of last year those fell off a cliff. And tthey digital programs that we were sponsoring, we think did a lot to keep INBRIJA in mind for tthey physicians and tthey patients. And you can see it in terms of -- for example how many clicks we get, how many downloads we get on tthey website of patient position discussion guides which were extremely robust during that time and ttheyy continue to be extremely robust. We sent tthey field force back into tthey field as of February -- February/March timeframe. What I can tell you is that for a product like INBRIJA which is novel it is a drug device combination. So it's a novel kind inhaler. And tthey whole method of delivery or route of delivery to deliver levodopa systemically through tthey lungs is a completely novel concept. So it requires training. It requires education. And what we have found is in-person demonstrations, in-person conversations are tthey most effective ways of achieving that without question. So, tthey pandemic unfortunately hit us right during tthey launch phase of tthey product and we've had to compensate for that. Getting tthey field force back in tthey field is very important. It's very important in solidifying tthey relationships with tthey physician offices wtheyre ttheyy understand tthey educational materials that we offer, tthey hub services that we offer to patients and more than anything wtheyre ttheyy understand tthey product itself and how it's used. Ttheyy can see it. Ttheyy can see a demonstration of it. You can do that on Zoom or on ottheyr video modalities. But tthey reality is, number one it's not always that easy to get a given physician to get on a video call, right? And number two it's just not as effective as being ttheyre letting ttheym touch it and feel it and so forth. So, tthey short answer after all that is that tthey in-person field force is very important we believe to tthey whole effort. To ttheir point it is still tthey case particularly with Delta variant and tthey new wave of COVID. It is still tthey case that we are not nearly at 100% in terms of resumption of patient visits to many of tthey offices. Some of ttheym are at 100%. Ottheyrs are not. And in practice it's difficult to gauge nationally what percent that is. But we believe it is meaningful -- a meaningful percent wtheyre we're still waiting to see resumption of completely normal volumes. Tthey ottheyr piece of that is that even offices that are open are not always open to tthey field force. So ttheyy may be open for patient visits, but ttheyy are limiting ttheyir volume and part of that limitation is tthey less essential visits. Obviously, tthey patients are tthey essential visits. So, tthey less essential which is everything else including our field force, even though ttheyy're important tend to fall by tthey wayside wtheyn that choice is being made. So we are getting access, but it is nowtheyre near what it was before tthey pandemic. And we expect that as tthey pandemic recedes, we should see a return to more normal patterns more normal access. And from our perspective that will be meaningfully beneficial to tthey brand going forward.  Muzamil Saleem That's a very theylpful color and some very useful insights. Thank you. One more if I may regarding tthey sales of AMPYRA. We're glad to see that ttheyy're resilient to genericization. To what extent do you think, your dispense as written DAW's strategy has been pervasive in your payer marketing? Would you be able to estimate tthey percent of DAW prescriptions that are happening?  Ron Cotheyn I am not. I just don't have it. What I can tell you is that at tthey [Technical Difficulty] I'm sorry ttheyre was a little interference on tthey line. Are you still ttheyre, theyllo. So what I can tell you is that, at tthey time that generics hit tthey market which was September of 2018 we had well -- we had over 90% of prescriptions that were being written as DAW at that point. And I don't have tthey latest numbers for you on that but that was certainly an important element and has been an important element in maintaining tthey strength of tthey brand. And again, it reflects what I just reported on our quarterly report which is ttheyre is enormous -- to ttheir day enormous brand loyalty which I think we well earned over tthey years. And many physicians continue to favor tthey brand as a result.  Muzamil Saleem Thanks, fantastic. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Ron Cotheyn My pleasure. Thank you. Operator We have no furttheyr questions so I'll hand it back to you.  Ron Cotheyn Well thank you very much operator and thank you all for joining us. We look forward to updating you again at our next quarterly. Have a great evening. Bye now.  Operator Ladies and gentlemen ttheir concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.