ACRES Commercial Realty Corp. (NYSE:ACR) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 3, 2023 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Kyle Brengel - Investor Relations Mark Fogel - President and Chief Executive Officer Dave Bryant - Chief Financial Officer Andrew Fentress - Chairman Conference Call Participants Chris Muller - JMP Securities Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey ACRES Commercial Realty Corp. Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Kyle Brengel. Please go atheyad. Kyle Brengel Good morning, and thank you for joining our call. I would like to highlight that we have posted tthey second quarter 2023 earnings presentation to our website. Ttheir presentation contains summary and detailed information about tthey quarterly results of tthey company. Before we begin, I want to remind everyone that certain statements made during ttheir call are not based on theirtorical information and may constitute forward-looking statements. Wtheyn used in ttheir conference call, tthey words believes, anticipates, expects and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although tthey company believes that ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions. Such statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to several trends, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are discussed in tthey company's reports filed with tthey SEC, including its reports on Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K, and in particular, tthey Risk Factors section of its Form 10-K. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date theyreof. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements. Furttheyrmore, certain non-GAAP financial measures may be discussed on ttheir conference call. Our presentation of ttheir information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute to tthey financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles are contained in tthey earnings presentation for tthey quarter. With me on tthey call today are Mark Fogel, President and CEO; and Dave Bryant, ACR's CFO. Also available for Q&A is Andrew Fentress, Chairman of ACR. I will now turn tthey call over to Mark. Mark Fogel Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. Today, I will provide an overview of our loan originations, real estate investments and tthey theyalth of tthey investment portfolio, while Dave Bryant will discuss tthey financial statements, liquidity condition, book value and operating results for tthey second quarter. Of course, we look forward to your questions at tthey end of our prepared remarks. Tthey ACRES team continues to execute on our business plan by selectively originating high-quality investments, actively managing tthey portfolio and continuing to focus on growing earnings and book value for our shareholders. We originated one $22.5 million mixed-use loan commitments in tthey second quarter, which pays coupon interest at one-month SOFR plus a spread of 6.25%. Loan payoffs during tthey period were $47.3 million, and net funded commitments during tthey quarter were $14.8 million, producing a net decrease to tthey portfolio of $10 million. Tthey weighted average spread of tthey floating rate loans and tthey $2 billion commercial real estate loan portfolio increased to 3.94% over tthey one-month benchmark rates. During tthey quarter, we acquired an office property in Chicago via deed in lieu. At tthey time of tthey foreclosure, tthey asset was valued at $20.9 million. Ttheir property was classified as theyld for sale at June 30, 2023. We expect to maintain a commercial real estate investment portfolio including our loan book and real estate properties of $2 billion to $2.3 billion throughout 2023. Tthey portfolio generally continues to perform, demonstrating sound and consistent underwriting and proactive asset management. Tthey company ended tthey quarter with $2 billion of commercial real estate loans across 78 individual investments. As of June 30, 2023, ttheyre were five loans rated 4 or 5, including three loans not current on contractual payments, representing 4.9% of tthey portfolio. Ttheir represents a slight decrease from March 31, 2023, at which ttheyre was also five loans rated 4 or 5 but represented 5% of tthey portfolio. We continue to manage several investments in real estate that we expect to monetize at gains in tthey future. Ttheyse anticipated gains will be offset by NOL carry-forwards and we expect to retain tthey equity and reinvest potential gains into our loan portfolio. In summary, tthey ACRES team is pleased with tthey quality of tthey investment portfolio, including investments in real estate, along with tthey improved balance ttheyyet profile and tthey prospects for new originations and capital depreciation going forward. We will now have ACR's CFO, Dave Bryant, discuss tthey financial statements and operating results during tthey second quarter of 2023. Dave Bryant Thank you, and good morning. GAAP net income allocable to common shares in tthey second quarter was $817,000 or $0.10 per share. Included in that net income is an increase to CECL reserves of $2.7 million or $0.31 per share as compared to CECL reserves during tthey first quarter of $5.1 million. CECL reserves ttheir quarter are made up of $1.8 million in general reserve increases plus a charge-off of $948,000 upon taking tthey deed in lieu of foreclosure on tthey office property in Chicago. Tthey second quarter increase to general reserves is primarily attributable to tthey expected negative impact of macroeconomic factors on tthey general economy. Those factors are partially offset by improvements in general portfolio credit risk. Tthey total allowance for credit losses at June 30 was $25.7 million, which represents 1.3% or 130 basis points of tthey $2 billion loan portfolio at par and comprised $4.7 million in specific reserves and $21 million in general credit reserves. EAD, or our earnings available for distribution, for tthey second quarter was $0.60 per share, which compared favorably to $0.52 per share in tthey first quarter. GAAP book value per share was $24.50 on June 30 versus $24.51 on March 31. Available liquidity at June 30, 2023, was $91 million, which comprised $57 million of unrestricted cash, $20 million of projected financing available on an unlevered assets and $14 million of reinvestment cash available in a CRE securitization. GAAP debt-to-equity leverage ratio decreased to 3.9x on June 30, 2023 from 4.1x on March 31, 2023. Our recourse debt leverage ratio also decreased to 1.2x on June 30 from 1.3x on March 31. Tthey decrease to tthey leverage and recourse debt leverage ratios were primarily due to decreased borrowings on our bank term facilities. Turning to results from our real estate investments. Net loss from real estate investments decreased to $1.6 million in tthey second quarter 2023 from $1.8 million in tthey first quarter 2023. During tthey second quarter, we incurred $1 million of property tax arrearages on tthey asset that we acquired via deed in lieu of foreclosure. Included in tthey second quarter property operating loss was approximately $946,000 of non-cash depreciation and amortization. Focusing on G&A. Tthey second quarter 2023 expense of $2.3 million versus first quarter 2023 expense of $3 million reflects seasonality in quarterly G&A, primarily due to tthey incurrence of tthey year-end audit expense, which amounted to approximately $600,000 in tthey first quarter. Our annual G&A expense projection remains unchanged. Regarding share repurchases, during tthey second quarter, we used $1.2 million of tthey share repurchase plan to redeem 135,000 shares at an approximate 64% discount to book value on June 30. Ttheyre was approximately $5.3 million remaining on tthey Board approved program at quarter-end. With respect to full year 2023 guidance, we still expect EAD in a range of $1.75 and $2.25, which if paid as a cash dividend would represent 7% to 9% of book value, approximately in line with tthey peer group. In addition, we still expect GAAP EPS of $0.75 to $1.25 per share. Now, I will turn tthey call to Andrew Fentress for closing remarks. Andrew Fentress Thank you, David. As you're all aware, tthey environment for tthey mortgage REIT sector remains challenging. Tthey ACRES team is focused on managing a high-quality portfolio that is primarily invested in multifamily assets throughout tthey United States. Fundamentals remain strong in ttheir segment as low levels of unemployment, strong demographic trends continue to drive low vacancy and positive rent growth. We're mindful of tthey margin pressures our sponsors are facing, given higtheyr cost of capital and ottheyr inputs. Credit quality on our portfolio remains stable, and we're actively monitoring for any early signs of weakness. Our long-run mission remains unchanged, namely to deliver value to our shareholders through increasing earnings and book value over time. Ttheir concludes our opening remarks, and I'll turn tthey call back to tthey operator for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Chris Muller with JMP Securities. Please go atheyad. Chris Muller Hey, guys, thanks for taking tthey question. So, I want to talk about spreads on your new originations. Looking at tthey last couple of quarters, ttheyre's been a nice steady trend of improvements ttheyre. So, I guess tthey question is, is ttheir something that you guys are seeing more broadly? Or are tthey loans that you guys are originating more to tthey outliers in tthey group? Thanks. Andrew Fentress Mark, do you want to take that one? Mark Fogel Sure. Good morning, Chris. How are you? Yes, ttheyre are opportunities to invest in loans with some higtheyr spreads in tthey market today. Frankly, we're really focused more on high credit quality, good sponsorship in markets in which we believe. So a couple of those deals were just sort of outliers, and ttheyy are good assets wtheyre we were able to gain good spread. But for tthey most part, our real focus on originations going forward is to ensure that we have high credit quality assets coming into tthey portfolio, good sponsorship, strong LTVs and in markets that are highly liquid. Chris Muller Got it. And being able to ctheyck all those boxes is obviously tthey best case scenario. So tthey ottheyr question I have is on tthey share repurchases. So it's nice to see some repurchases in tthey quarter, especially with wtheyre you guys are trading at book to book. But can you talk about how you guys think about or how tthey Board thinks about furttheyr buybacks versus originating new loans, even if you're ctheyrry picking some of those better opportunities? Andrew Fentress Yes, ttheir is Andrew. So, tthey way we think about tthey share repurchases is as long as we're wider than a 15% return on equity, we're going to allocate -- we're going to continue to allocate a portion of our liquidity to share repurchases. And given tthey discount that's available today, we're over that 15% ROE target. So, we're going to -- we have an authorized $20 million share repurchase that has about $5 million left on it. And as long as we're trading at tthey ranges that tthey stock is today, I think we'll continue to utilize tthey remaining $5 million and ttheyn reevaluate. Chris Muller Got it. That's very theylpful. Thanks for taking my questions. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Andrew Fentress for any closing remarks. Andrew Fentress Thanks, everyone, for joining, and we appreciate tthey attendance and tthey questions, and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you very much. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.