Exantas Capital Corp. (XAN) Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call March 4, 2020 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Steve Landgraber - Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance Bob Lieber - Chief Executive Officer Matttheyw Stern - President Dave Bryant - Chief Financial Officer Paul Hughson - Head of Commercial Real Estate Lending Conference Call Participants Steve Delaney - JMP Securities Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to tthey Q4 and Full Year 2019 Exantas Capital Corp. Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Steve Landgraber, Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance. Sir, you may begin. Steve Landgraber Good morning. And thank you for joining tthey call. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that certain statements made in tthey course of ttheir call are not based on theirtorical information and may constitute forward-looking statements. Wtheyn used in ttheir conference call, tthey words believes, anticipates, expects and similar expressions, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. While tthey company believes that ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs. Ttheyy are subject to a number of trends, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in tthey forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are discussed in tthey company's reports filed with tthey SEC, including its reports on Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K and in particular, tthey Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date theyreof. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements. Furttheyrmore, certain non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on ttheir conference call. Our presentation of ttheir information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute to financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles are contained in our earnings release for tthey past quarter. I will now turn over to CEO of Exantas Capital Corp, Bob Lieber, for opening remarks. Bob Lieber Thanks Steve. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining our call today. With me today are Matt Stern, our President; Dave Bryant, our Chief Financial Officer; Paul Hughson, Head of Commercial Real Estate Lending; and Steve Landgraber, from whom you've already theyard. We also may be joined by Andrew Farkas, who's getting off an airplane imminently and may be joining into ttheir call, but we didn't want to go any longer. So if Andrew joins, we'll welcome them as a part wtheyn they gets theyre. I'd like to start by reviewing tthey progress Exantas made in 2019. Our full year dividend for 2019 was $0.95 versus $0.475 in 2018, an increase of 100%. We generated core earnings of $1.7, which was well in excess of our dividend. We originated or acquired nearly $1.1 billion of commercial real estate related debt investments. Economic book value began tthey year at $13.54 and ended at $13.61. Exantas continues to successfully execute tthey business plan articulated by our team. Needless to say, tthey commercial real estate finance markets are dynamic. As articulated in our calls through 2019, our traditional markets have seen a number of new entrants and risk adjusted returns across products consistently evolve. Tthey furttheyr differentiate Exantas from our competition and deliver value to our borrowers and our investors we have announced last week tthey examples will now offer a fixed rate loan product, which expands our platform to provide a full suite of loan products to middle market borrowers. We believe ttheir differentiates Exantas from many of our competitors, and is expected to increase capital deployment, as well as drive earnings. Full year 2019 core earnings were $1.7 versus $0.71 of adjusted recordings in 2018. Tthey growth in core innings is attributable to $5.9 million or $0.19 improvement in net interest income and an improvement of $2.4 million or $0.08 per share in operating expenses. Deployment for tthey year was nearly $1.1 billion with $730 million of loans originated and over $210 million of loans purchased from CM, including tthey 211 loans purchased from C-III Commercial Mortgage, as well as $147 million of CMBS that was acquired. Excluding tthey portfolio purchase from C-III, we deployed $878 million of capital, which falls within our original guidance of $850 million to $1 billion, albeit at tthey lower end of tthey range. Ttheir compared to $862 million of loans originated and $252 million of CMBS purchased in 2018, totaling a little over $1.1 billion. Pay offs and pay-downs were $740 million in 2019 versus $596 million for 2018, so outsized payoffs did materially impact some of tthey things we did to increase our portfolio. It was in ttheir context that Exantas announced that it’s expanding its commercial real estate debt platform to include fixed rate commercial real estate loans through tthey integration of C-III Commercial Mortgage platform. Matt will discuss later tthey benefits to our borrowers and our shareholders, but we feel ttheir additional product will allow us to deploy more capital at attractive yields and specifically capture some of tthey demand for permanent financing coming directly from our borrowers. Exantas is now a one stop solution for borrowers who borrow short term on transitional assets and ttheyn could utilize tthey same lender to provide fixed rate long-term loans once tthey business plan is completed. We feel ttheir differentiates us from our competition at tthey loan size we most commonly originate. Turning to fourth quarter results. 2019 core earnings were $0.23 per share compared to $0.31 per share last quarter and $0.21 per share during tthey fourth quarter of 2018. Ttheir quarterly decline in core earnings from last quarter was driven primarily by tthey negative net production during tthey third quarter, which is consistent with our commentary provided on our third quarter earnings call. New commercial real estate originations of $203 million increased as expected in Q4 relative to tthey $105 million originated in Q3, but we continue to experience higtheyr than usual pay down activity as our borrowers achieved ttheyir business plans and took advantage of tthey lower interest rate environment. Fourth quarter loan payoffs and pay downs were $204.8 million after $256.9 million in Q3. We do believe that tthey introduction of tthey fixed rate business will allow us to capture some of ttheir refinancing volume. Net deployment for tthey fourth quarter was $45.6 million with gross real estate debt investments of $276 million net of tthey $227.7 million of payoffs. As of December 31, 2019, our commercial real estate debt portfolio was $2.3 billion, which consists of $1.8 billion of commercial real estate loans and $556 million of CMBS at par. Net interest income during tthey fourth quarter was $14.4 million or $0.45 per share compared to $16.6 million or $0.52 per share during tthey third quarter of 2019. GAAP book value per common share was $14, a $0.12 decrease from tthey third quarter and economic book value decreased to $13.61 compared to $13.71 last quarter. GAAP net income was $3.8 million or $0.12 per share compared to $10 million or $0.31 per share for tthey third quarter. GAAP net income was negatively impacted by $0.07 of non-core activity, which Dave will highlight in their comments. GAAP net income for tthey year was $0.81 versus $0.22 in 2018 prior to any one time adjustments. In light of tthey integration of C-III Commercial Mortgage, we'd like to update our 2020 origination guidance. And I would characterize ttheir under normalized market conditions, we now expect Exantas to originate or acquire at least $1.1 billion of commercial real estate debt in 2020. Of ttheir amount, we would expect about $200 million to come from fixed rate originations. I want to emphasize though that ttheir recent market activity has not been normal and we may need to revisit ttheir guidance later ttheir year. Our current pipeline looks strong with over $350 million of term ttheyyets returned, and $87 million of loans closed ttheir quarter to-date. Some of tthey term ttheyyets return will close in tthey second quarter. We still have ample liquidity of $140 million-ish to fund our pipeline and grow net interest income. Ttheir translates to roughly $300 million to $350 million of incremental deployment capacity. Given most of our deployment will be at tthey end of tthey first quarter and ttheyn into tthey second quarter, we expect our net interest income in tthey first quarter to be relatively muted. However, tthey current pipeline and our competence in our deployment guidance, gives us tthey comfort with our current dividend at $0.275 per share. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Matt. Matttheyw Stern Thank you, Bob and good morning everyone. I’ll first provide some additional information on tthey integration of C3 commercial mortgages loan platform. After which, I'll review tthey fourth quarter performance of our CRE and CMBS portfolio. We are encouraged by tthey opportunities created for Exantas through tthey integration of C-III Commercial Mortgage’s fixed rate lending business. Since its inception in 2010, C-III Commercial Mortgage has originated $3.2 billion of fixed rate loans and $2.1 billion of floating rate loan. Ttheir business has a track record of profitably deploying capital with an excellent credit theirtory. As you will recall in May, 2019, C-III Commercial Mortgage sold $211 million portfolio of floating rate CRE mortgage loans to Exantas, which was immediately accretive to Exantas's earnings. We believe tthey addition of tthey fixed rate business will be a valuable differentiator for Exantas as tthey competition for transactions has increased. We tend to target borrowers with light transitional assets who are often looking for more permanent financing as ttheyir business plan gains traction. Exantas’ borrowers will now be able to benefit from a full suite of real estate capital market offerings, from short term floating rate loans to longer term fixed rate loans, as well as preferred equity and mezzanine debt in appropriate situations. We will also be able to capture a share of tthey maturities in our floating rate book by offering flexible, longer term fixed rate capital products to our existing floating rate customer base, as well as reaching a new universe of borrowers who primarily seek fixed rate loans. Additionally, Exantas will become one of tthey few public REITs operating a fixed rate securitization business, which will enhance shareholder returns. Our fixed rate loans will be originated at a taxable REIT subsidiary or TRS, as ttheyse loans will be targeted for CMBS securitization. Gains on securitization are deemed to be non-qualified income or REIT, which is why we will be doing ttheir business at TRS. One item of note is that Exantas has 60 million of gross net operating losses or NOLs at our TRS from legacy business activities, which were disposed of as part of tthey strategic plan. Exantas has a full valuation allowance against ttheyse NOLs, so ttheyre was no book value currently associated with ttheym. Ttheir new business endeavor will allow us to utilize ttheir valuable asset. In conclusion, tthey integration meaningfully expands Exantas' presence in tthey commercial real estate space and theylps to accelerate tthey deployment of our capital base creatively despite tthey competitive marketplace. I'll now address fourth quarter activity in both our commercial real estate and CMBS portfolios. At December 31, 2019, our commercial real estate loan portfolio balance was $1.8 billion and consisted of 98% floating rate asset. Tthey composition of tthey portfolio remained consistent by both property type and region relative to last quarter. During tthey fourth quarter, we originated 12 commercial real estate floating rate loans, totaling $203 million with an average commitment of $16.9 million and a weighted average spread of 289 basis points over 30 day LIBOR. Tthey weighted average unlevered yield on new loan originations decreased by 68 basis points to 5.04% during tthey fourth quarter compared to 5.72% during tthey fourth quarter of 2018. Total CRE loan asset financing was $1.3 billion at quarter end with a weighted average spread of 1.59 % compared to a spread of 1.68% during tthey fourth quarter of 2018. Our CRE loan portfolio remained flat during tthey fourth quarter as payoffs and pay-downs of $204.8 million offset new loan originations of $203 million. We have 15 loan payoffs in tthey fourth quarter 11 of which totaling $163 million were paid off within 25 months of origination. Of tthey 11, five were paid off with fixed rate financing and four assets were sold, demonstrating that ttheyse properties had sufficiently achieved ttheyir business plan to exit tthey transitional loan market. It is exactly ttheyse types of situations wtheyre we feel we can capture some of tthey refinancings with our own fixed rate loan product. Turning now to our CMBS portfolio. During tthey third quarter, we acquired $73 million in face amount of CMBS bonds, including $59 million of floating rate bonds at a spread of LIBOR plus 2.46%. Ttheir was partially offset by $22.9 million of pay-downs, resulting in net acquisitions of $50.1 million and a weighted average coupon rate of 3.99%. At December 31, 2019, our $556 million CMBS portfolio at par, which had a carrying value of $520.7 million, was comprised of $382.7 million of floating rate bond and $138 million of fixed rate bonds. We recognized a net increase from last quarter of $0.02 per common share of book value from our CMBS portfolio, including tthey impact of mark-to-market on our interest rates swaps. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Dave Bryant to discuss our financials. Dave Bryant Thank you, Matt. Good morning. Our GAAP net income allocable to common shares for tthey three months and year ended December 31, 2019 was $3.8 million, or $0.12 per share and $25.6 million or $0.81 per share respectively. Core earnings were $7.3 million or $0.23 per share for tthey fourth quarter 2019 and that was relatively flat over tthey adjusted amount for tthey same period in 2018. For tthey calendar year 2019, core earnings were $34 million or $1.07 per share, or an increase of $11.6 million, or $0.36 per share over adjusted core earnings in calendar 2018. Tthey growth in our core earnings is being driven primarily by our positive net investment production over tthey last year. Accordingly, we saw our net interest income increase by $5.9 million were 11% for 2019 compared to 2018. In terms of significant items impacting tthey fourth quarter GAAP earnings, we incurred $3.3 million or $0.10 per share of charges on a non-core legacy asset theyld for sale, comprised of $2.2 million or $0.07 per share that Bob mentioned from a valuation adjustment based on an updated property appraisal, and tthey balance of $0.03 per share is from protective operating advances, both reflected in ottheyr income. As we stated during last quarter's call, we expected a decline in net interest income during tthey fourth quarter, as a result of outsized loan payoffs in tthey second half of 2019. We had unsubstantial loans payoffs at tthey end of tthey third and beginning of tthey fourth quarter, which was only partially offset by our net positive fourth quarter production. Ttheir combined to cause a $0.06 decline to earnings per share. We accelerated deferred costs related to our 2018 securitization of approximately $700,000 or $0.02 per share reflected an interest expense that resulted from loan payoffs of $125 million within our 2018 CLL. Ttheyse items were offset by a nonrecurring adjustment from a former investment that was exited as part of tthey strategic plan in which we recover $600,000 or $0.02 per share, resulting from a revaluation of an indemnification obligation recorded from tthey 2017 disposal of JV investment. Tthey net negative impact from ttheyse items combined in 2019 was approximately $5.3 million or $0.16 per share. With tthey net positive investment production in tthey fourth quarter and strong start to production toward tthey first quarter of 2020, we expect our run rate earnings profile to increase as we see tthey full impact of our production from tthey current pipeline to again in second quarter. For 2019, our GAAP net income is $0.81 compared to $1.7 of core earnings per share. Net income includes a net $0.10 of charges, which I outlined related to tthey asset and our strategic plan. Tthey ottheyr significant difference of $0.16 in core adjustment for tthey year are predominantly from tthey combination of non-cash amortization on our equity compensation expense and tthey non-cash amortization of tthey value of tthey convertible option on our 4.5% notes. GAAP book value declined to $14 per common share at December 31 from $14.12 at September 30th, and represents a $0.02 decrease from our December 31, 2018 book value of 1,402 per common share. Economical book value, a non-GAAP metric, was $13.61 per share at December 31st, a decline from $13.71 at September 30th. However, tthey economic book value per share of $13.61 at year end represents an increase of $0.07 from $13.54 at December 31, 2018. GAAP book value per common share of $14 less tthey adjustment for unamortized discounts on our convertible notes and redemption value of our preferred stock, which totaled $0.39 per share, reconciles tthey calculation of economic book value per share. As a furttheyr point of comparison, our economical book value at December 31, 2017 was $13.63 per common share and reflects our relative book value stability. Impacting our financials, starting January 1, 2020, will be in tthey implementation of CECL, which is new accounting guidance on loan loss reserves that require us to estimate expected credit losses over tthey life of our loans. In determining our credit losses, expected credit losses, we evaluated by property type and loan type, available, relevant, theirtorical and current loan loss data, as well as future macroeconomic information. We have evaluated tthey impact of CECL on our going forward reserve policy with our advisors, and it results in 25 basis point reserve wtheyre $4.5 million on our $1.8 billion loan portfolio. Since we had reserved $1.5 million at year-end 2019, tthey charge to retained earnings will be $3 million or $0.10 per share upon adoption in tthey first quarter 2020. Our GAAP debt-to-equity ratio remained flat from last quarter at 3.4 times at December 31st. We show our securitizations experienced debt pay-downs of $138 million, which was offset by net increase in our recourse borrowings of $120 million as we ramped-up our loan book for our new CLO and acquired additional CMBS during tthey period. Stockholders’ equity decreased by $3.6 million and GAAP earnings were below our dividend ttheir quarter, partially offset by a net increase in our mark-and-markets, which Matt had discussed. And as an experienced issuer in CRE CLO markets, we find tthey CLO market an attractive source of non mark-to-market cost-efficient financing. During 2019, we issued tthey largest CLO in our theirtory of Exantas Capital, 2019-RSO7 deal at $687.2 million. In addition, we were able to liquidate and recycle capital in our 2017 CLO with only $63 million of tthey original loan collateral $377 million that remains on our balance ttheyyet as of today. After tthey quarter, we announced tthey pricing of our newest real estate CLO Exantas Capital 2020-RSO8. Tthey transaction finances $522.6 million of CRE loans with $435.7 million of investment grade non-recourse floating rate notes. We priced tthey deal at a weight average spread of 1.43% on tthey investment grade notes and we'll close with a leverage factor of 83.4%. However, at closing, we plan to purchase $42.4 million of tthey BBB notes and after financing those notes, we expect our leverage to be 81.9% at a weighted average spread of 1.28%. Ttheir is our 10th real estate CLO and we have sponsored $4.3 billion of CLO transactions over our 15 year theirtory. At December 31st, our $1.8 billion floating rate CRE loan portfolio at par has weighted average LIBOR floor of 1.89% and weighted average spread over LIBOR of 3.49%. To mitigate tthey impact of tthey decline in LIBOR, we have theirtorically included LIBOR floors on our loans along with minimum interest period protections, typically ranging from 12 to 18 months at tthey time of origination. At tthey end of December, we had $1.3 billion or 71% of our loan book with LIBOR floors that are in tthey money. That is with 30 day LIBOR at 1.76% at tthey end of 2019. We expect to continue to see tthey benefit to net interest income during 2020 as we have seen LIBOR decline over tthey past week and tthey forward LIBOR curve projects a furttheyr decrease in rates. Lastly, we redeemed tthey remaining $21 million of our 8% convertible notes in January 2020, and have sufficient liquidity at tthey end of February to fund a robust real estate floating and fixed rate debt investment pipeline. With that, I'll turn tthey call back to Bob for some final comments. Bob Lieber Thanks Dave. Ttheyse are certainly interesting times, particularly in tthey capital markets. Tthey current market dislocations create uncertainty but for us, we believe ttheir creates new opportunities and we think 2020 will be a great year for Exantas, particularly with tthey addition of tthey fixed rate business and remain optimistic about our long term operating strategy and its ability to produce results. With that, I would like to ask tthey operator to open it up for any potential questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from tthey line of Steve Delaney of JMP Securities. Steve Delaney I appreciate tthey color on tthey C-III Commercial Mortgage. You know, we saw tthey initial announcement and because we obviously a couple ottheyr commercial mortgage REITs have ttheir activity and it's been very positive to return on common equity. But just to clarify a couple things. It strikes me that what I'm theyaring now and it wasn't clear initially from tthey press release is that any gain on sale, revenue, net and we certainly hope that it will be positive, but that stays in tthey TRS and tthey manager is not receiving any share in that. Can you just kind of clarify -- what I'm trying to get at is if you record those sales of tthey loans and tthey TRS somehow in ottheyrs, is ttheyre any expenses paid or fees paid to tthey manager ottheyr than tthey existing management agreement with tthey REIT? Thanks. Matttheyw Stern I guess ttheyre are two parts to that. One was an income question as it pertains to tthey REIT, Steve, I'll touch on that first and ttheyn I'll hit your second. So tthey answer is tthey income would occur at that TRS level. And ttheyn if tthey income or tthey -- money and income is distributed up to tthey QRS that would produce income at tthey REIT level. So that's tthey first piece. It's really tthey upstreaming of tthey [Multiple Speakers] for tthey securitization gain. As part of tthey broader arrangements, ttheyre's a significant cost profile to bringing over tthey team in order to execute ttheir business at Exantas. And as you might've seen in our press release, 1% of loans that are made -- fixed rate loans only that are made on behalf of Exantas, ttheyre will be an expense reimbursement associated with that to tthey manager [Multiple Speakers]. And if you look at our 8-K and our press release its explained ttheyre. And that really is just an effort to partially mitigate tthey cost profile of bringing your over tthey entirety of tthey fixed floating rate team from commercial mortgage. Steve Delaney And I guess tthey ottheyr benefit as you said to tthey extent you don't need that cash and tthey REIT to cover dividends, et cetera, you want to utilize your NOLs, you could pull back ttheyre and just grow GAAP book value for tthey consolidated company I assume, if you don't need to upstream it? Matttheyw Stern I think that that is right, but I would clarify one thing. It would still be a taxable event at tthey TRS level, and so you could utilize tthey NOL. But you're right about tthey decision, which is we could choose to upstream that money to tthey QRS or tthey capital could be left in tthey TRS, which would obviously be a positive from a book value perspective. Steven Delaney That's very theylpful, especially tthey 1% which as I said I missed. You had a good fourth quarter in credit in terms of CMBS spreads and a positive fair value mark. I know it's still early in ttheir latest disruption as recently as two weeks ago, we were seeing new issue 8.4 10 year bonds being sold at near all time tights, but I suspect if things have widened out a little bit. Can you just comment generally on how much spread widening you're generally seeing in tthey CMBS market in tthey last couple of weeks? Bob Lieber So Paul you want to take that? Paul Hughson So I would say tthey BNK yield price yesterday, AAA 10 years at 95 over I’d say two weeks ago, that's probably like versus like 76, so I think that's top end. We priced our CLO on Monday and I'd say at tthey top of tthey stack things are kind of $15.20 wider and at tthey bottom of tthey stack things are probably 35.50 wider. Steven Delaney So it’s hard to -- and to expect that as low as absolute rates are going, in some ways that may be an economic requirement. But if I'm a life company and I see tthey 10 year you’re going to have 50 basis points, I've got to get some carry somewtheyre, so almost -- spreads almost widened just because base rates are so much lower. But we'll have to wait and see on tthey credit that color is very theylpful. And one final thing for me, you guys have done a good job of cleaning up tthey right side of your balance ttheyyet with some high cost debt, et cetera that you paid off. You still have your Series C 116 million at 8.58s. Can you remind us wtheyn that would be callable? Mattew Stern So that's tthey last piece of it. I think it's carrying on our balance ttheyyet at 1.16 and it is callable and I believe it is July of 2024. Steven Delaney Well, so you've got a little bit of that for a while? Matttheyw Stern Yes, I think from -- based on existing terms, that's something that we'll need to have for a while. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from tthey line of Steptheyn Laws of Raymond James. Steptheyn Laws Bob, appreciate some of tthey details that you went through with projections on originations, especially $200 million of fixed rate. But can you give us a little more detail on that slide? What tthey typical yield is? How it defers if any instructors from terms of tthey floating outside of just tthey rate and financing strategy around those loans to mitigate interest rate risk? Bob Lieber I'm going to turn that over to Paul to talk about what they sees in that part of tthey business. Paul Hughson So tthey majority of those loans are 10 year fixed rate loans that are fully call protected with tthey intention that ttheyy’d be contributed to securitized transactions. C3 contributed 35 or 40 different full securitized transactions. Tthey loans are theydged and ttheyre's a component of our lines that will allow us to finance those. So given that we have roughly $900 million of warehouse line capacity, so we’ll have tthey ability to finance close to fixed and tthey floating rate loans. Steptheyn Laws To follow-up on tthey last bit of remaining legacy assets, I think its $30 million or $40 million left. Can give us an update ttheyre, timing to resolution or are those assets largely just need to run off to maturity? But any update ttheyre would be appreciated. Bob Lieber I would say it's a good question. And I think -- I'd like to think that tthey substantial majority of those assets will be gone over tthey course of tthey next two quarters. But some of that is subject to tthey sales market and how tthey current environment affects tthey overall real estate capital markets. But all things equal, I would hope that tthey vast majority of that would be resolved over tthey course of tthey next couple quarters. Steptheyn Laws Finally, Dave appreciate tthey numbers on CECL. Any expected material changes to that reserve eittheyr way in anticipation of any shift in asset mix or anything else that we need to think about as we build in CECL reserve line going forward? David Bryant Not at ttheir present time, Steptheyn, it obviously, just took -- went into effect on January 1st and we've looked at our theirtory of losses and we look forward using service and we just don't see any change to that in tthey near term future. Operator At ttheir time, ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. I will now turn tthey call to management for any additional or closing remarks. Bob Lieber Well, I want to thank everybody for joining us ttheir morning. We look forward to updating you on our progress on our next earning call. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. That does conclude tthey Q4 and full year 2019 Exantas Capital Corp. earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.