Start Time: 08:30 January 1, 0000 8:57 AM ET Resource Capital Corporation (RSO) Q1 2018 Earnings Conference Call May 04, 2018, 08:30 AM ET Executives Andrew Farkas - Chairman Bob Lieber - CEO Matt Stern - President Dave Bryant - CFO Paul Hughson - EVP Commercial Real Estate Lending Business Analysts Steve DeLaney - JMP Securities Benjamin Zucker - BTIG Operator Good morning and thank you for joining tthey Resource Capital Corporation Earnings Conference Call for tthey First Quarter ended March 31, 2018. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that certain statements made in tthey course of ttheir call are not based on theirtorical information and may constitute forward-looking statements. Wtheyn used in ttheir conference call, tthey words believes, anticipates, expects, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although tthey company believes that ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of trends, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in tthey forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are discussed in tthey company's report filed with tthey SEC, including its report on forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K, and in particular, tthey Risk Factor section of our Form 10-K. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date theyreof. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements. Furttheyrmore, certain non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on ttheir conference call. Our presentation of ttheir information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute to tthey financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable measures prepared in accordance with tthey generally accepted accounting principles can be accessed through our filings with tthey SEC at www.sec.gov. I would now turn it over to tthey Chairman of RSO, Andrew Farkas for opening remarks. Andrew Farkas Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Bob Lieber, our CEO; Matt Stern, our President; Dave Bryant, CFO; Paul Hughson, Head of Commercial Real Estate Lending; and Andy Karr, who is Head of Investor Relations. Wtheyn we took over management at Resource Capital Corp. in 2016, we embarked on a strategic plan, to reposition tthey business into commercial real estate investment vehicle capable of producing sustainable core earnings and delivering long-term shareholder value. While ttheir process has required some difficult measures, I’m pleased to report that 18 months later, tthey strategic plan is substantially complete. We are now down to only $63 million of tthey original $480 million of non-core assets we wanted to sell. Of tthey remaining 63 million, 57 million are legacy commercial real estate loans. Having resolved over $50 billion of similar loans in tthey past eight years through C-III special servicing business, we believe tthey best course of action with ttheyse legacy loans is to take tthey necessary time to work ttheym out to achieve maximum proceeds for our investors. With tthey strategic plan now largely complete and increased visibility into earnings, we expect to increase tthey company’s quarterly dividend to $0.10 per share in tthey second quarter. Ttheir is a 100% increase in our quarterly common dividend since tthey inception of ttheir strategic plan. We expect future dividend policy to be informed by tthey company’s improving core earnings profile. We continue to leverage C-III’s expertise in commercial real estate credit to refocus tthey company’s investment portfolio. In tthey last 18 months, nearly $800 million of transitional commercial real estate loans have been originated, which is a significant achievement, considering that Resource Capital Corp.’s pipeline came to an absolute halt before we acquired its manager in September 2016. Over $265 million of CMBS investments by face amount were acquired including higtheyr yielding subordinate tranctheys which are now new investments for tthey company. We’ve also taken meaningful measures to improve tthey company’s capitalization structure by issuing $144 million of 4.5% convertible notes as well as regaining a portion of tthey 6% and 8% convertible notes. Also, we fully redeemed $165 million of tthey Series A and B preferred shares. Ttheyse efforts have all been accretive to common shareholders and position us to grow core earnings going forward. Tthey path to core earnings growth from theyre is clear; identifying opportunities for quality, risk adjusted returns by leveraging C-III’s platform to invest in a broad array of commercial real estate credit investments. We anticipate that successfully delivering such high core earnings should provide tthey corresponding common dividend growth in tthey future. Now that we have transformed tthey company into a credit REIT we outlined 18 months ago, we feel it is tthey appropriate time to rebrand ourselves. So effective May 25, 2018, tthey company’s name will change to Exantas Capital Corporation. Exantas is Greek for sextant which is a navigational instrument that measures tthey angular distance between two visible objects. Tthey use of a sextant directly relates to our efforts to safely navigate tthey company back to sustainable earnings and an attractive dividend by leveraging tthey manager’s platform and network. Tthey company’s common stock and its Series C preferred stock will continue to be listed on tthey New York Stock Exchange. And effective May 29, 2018, we’ll begin trading under tthey ticker symbol XAN and XAN PrC, respectively. I’m very proud of tthey progress we have made to achieve to-date and as we turn to our next chapter, I look forward to reporting tthey success of Exantas Capital in future calls. I believe that we have fulfilled all tthey promises that we made to shareholders assuming tthey role of manager and I’m very pleased to see tthey progress we are making. And with that, I’ll turn ttheir over to our CEO, Bob Lieber. Bob Lieber Thank you, Andrew, and good morning, everybody. As Andrew mentioned, tthey focus of tthey company is now shifting from tthey execution of our strategic plan to growing core earnings. Adjusted core earnings turned positive ttheir quarter for tthey first time since we announced tthey strategic plan back in September 2016 to $0.03 a share in tthey first quarter of 2018, adjusting for charges related to tthey redemption of our Series B preferred shares and settlement of legacy litigation. While executing tthey strategic plan over tthey past year, adjusted core earnings have trended from negative $0.10 in tthey second quarter of 2017 to a negative $0.09 in tthey third quarter of 2017 and a negative $0.01 in tthey fourth quarter of 2017, and as I said $0.03 positive in tthey first quarter of 2018. So tthey trend line is good. Ttheir trend in tthey underlying business is causing tthey earnings power of tthey company to accelerate and our near-term earnings outlook supported an anticipated increase in tthey second quarter dividend. As we move forward, any furttheyr dividend adjustments will generally be informed by core earnings and as core earnings visibility improves, we will continue to discuss dividend policy with our Board. As we previously discussed, tthey completion of tthey preferred stock repurchase will increase core earnings by $0.11 per quarter which will be fully realized for tthey first time beginning in tthey second quarter of 2018. We originated 146 million of CRE loans in tthey first quarter of 2018. We succeeded loan payoffs for a net deployment of $92 million. We expect ttheir positive deployment to continue to theylp increase tthey earnings power of tthey CRE loan book starting in tthey second quarter. Additionally, we acquired 44 million of CMBS ttheir quarter for net deployment of $41 million. As we look forward, tthey net deployment will be tthey primary driver of our core earnings in tthey quarters atheyad and we are pleased with our aggregate net deployment of 133 million for ttheir quarter. Matt will walk through tthey specifics of ttheir deployment. But to reiterate, ttheyse developments are sufficient enough for us to justify tthey anticipated increased dividend guidance for tthey second quarter. Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet. Book value declined to $13.92 per share at tthey end of tthey first quarter of 2018 as compared to $14.46 per share at tthey end of 2017. Ttheir reduction in book value was driven by three events. As we mentioned on our last call, we took a $0.24 impairment associated with tthey redemption of tthey remaining preferred B shares. We also took a $0.14 mark associated with tthey legacy CRE loan included in tthey strategic plan and $0.08 associated with tthey vesting of restricted stock which includes $0.02 of accelerated stock vesting related to tthey departure of several employees. Tthey company has transformed now that we have substantially divested tthey legacy non-core assets. As we move forward, we feel it’s important to rebrand our identity and put a new face on tthey company which reflects a new chapter of ttheir credit REIT under our team’s management. Our objective with ttheir rebranding effort is for borrowers, issuers, tthey market and counterparties to recognize tthey new direction of our company and our management team who have a deep relationship in tthey commercial real estate market. As we move forward, we intend to be more proactive and visible in our communications with tthey market by attending industry conferences and interfacing more frequently with tthey research community. To kickoff Exantas in our rebranding efforts, we will be launching a new Web site, creating a new investor deck and meeting with sell-side equity research analysts in tthey next coming weeks. With that, I’d like to turn tthey call over to Matt Stern. Matt? Matt Stern Thank you, Bob, and good morning, everyone. I’d like to begin by taking a closer look at tthey origination and investment activity that Andrew and Bob alluded to earlier. In tthey first quarter of 2018, we closed on 146 million of transitional CRE loan commitments with a weighted average spread of 394 basis points over a 30-day LIBOR. At March 31, 2018, our commercial real estate loan portfolio is comprised of 1.4 billion of floating rate self-originated home loans. As a floating rate lender and like many of our competitors, our earnings benefit from increases in short-term interest rates. Our CRE loan origination team continues to see improved deal flow and despite a competitive market, we are optimistic that tthey recent growth in our origination volume should continue and that 2018 guidance provided on our last earnings call can be achieved. Turning to our CMBS portfolio. We acquired 44 million in face amount of CMBS bonds during tthey first quarter of 2018. Among ottheyr investments, ttheyse investments included tranctheys of a Freddie Mac K-Series transaction and a single asset, single borrower deal with a strong sponsor in an attractive asset class. One of C-III’s core competencies is underwriting real estate credit and identifying good risk adjusted returns throughout tthey capital stack of CMBS trusts. We believe CMBS investments provide attractive risk adjusted yields while adding meaningful diversification and duration to tthey company’s portfolio. While we anticipate transitional commercial real estate loans will continue to be substantial majority of tthey asset base for Exantas Capital, we continue to explore investment opportunities that can deliver sustainable and predictable earnings streams and enhance value for our shareholders. We believe it to be prudent for an open end, stable income-oriented investment vehicle such as Exantas Capital to supplement its loan portfolio with some longer duration investments that enhance ROE and provide visibility into earnings duration and stability. As discussed on prior calls, CMBS provides such duration as well as diversification to tthey rest of our portfolio. We are evaluating ottheyr attractive opportunities for Exantas Capital, including net lease investments which also meet ttheyse criteria and have certain favorable tax attributes. Turning to tthey strategic plan. We have approximately 63 million of strategic plan assets remaining, of which 57 million relate to legacy CRE loans. Finally, on our last call, we discussed our progress in reducing tthey company’s cost of capital by nearly 130 basis points in September 2016. We have continued to make progress on that front by improving tthey terms of our asset level financing through renew warehouse facility and pursuing more favorable and market rate terms with our existing lenders. Using C-III’s platform and advanced network of real estate professionals, we continue to evaluate and source investment opportunities for Exantas, while improving tthey company’s cost of capital. We appreciate your patience and continued interest as we transform tthey company and look forward to updating you on our progress in tthey quarters to come. With that, I’d like to turn it over to Dave Bryant to discuss our financials. Dave Bryant Thank you, Matt, and good morning. Our GAAP net loss allocable to common shares for tthey three months ended March 31st was 12.6 million or $0.40 per share. Our net loss for tthey first quarter includes tthey following significant items. A net loss of 7.5 million on tthey redemption of our remaining Series B preferred stock which represents tthey difference between tthey redemption value and tthey carrying value of tthey preferred stock we redeemed. A 4.5 million decline in tthey fair value of a CRE loan which is included in tthey strategic plan. And a net loss of 700,000 from non-core assets included in tthey strategic plan. Ttheyse non-recurring and/or non-core adjustments totaled 12.7 million or $0.41 per share. Our core earnings for tthey three months ended March 31, 2018 was a loss of 8.6 million or $0.28 per share. Our net loss for tthey first quarter includes tthey following significant and nonrecurring items. Tthey after-mentioned net loss of 7.5 million or $0.24 per share on tthey completed redemption of our Series B preferred stock and a net loss of 2.2 million or $0.07 per share from tthey pending settlement of a lawsuit which was accrued in 2017. Wtheyn we adjust core earnings for ttheyse nonrecurring items that total $0.31, our adjusted core earnings per share are $0.03 per share for tthey first quarter of 2018, up from adjusted core of a minus $0.01 per share in tthey fourth quarter of 2017. We expect our core earnings run rate to increase with additional equity deployed in our core commercial real estate credit investment platform and we will see incremental savings of $0.08 per share in tthey second quarter wtheyn we realize tthey full impact of our preferred share redemptions. As a reminder, tthey full impact of tthey preferred share redemptions equates to an annual savings of $0.44 or $0.11 per quarter. Tthey decline in our GAAP book value for share to $13.92 at March 31 from $14.46 at December 31 can be attributed to tthey following; net loss of $0.40 per share which again includes nonrecurring items of $0.41 per share plus a net decrease of $0.08 from tthey dilution of vested restricted stock of which $0.02 relates to accelerated stock vesting, a common dividend payout of $0.05 per share and a net reduction to mark-to-market adjustments of $0.01. We expect our total assets to ratably increase as we finalize tthey execution of tthey strategic plan and deploy tthey remaining proceeds in new commercial real estate credit investments with a market standard use of leverage. Our equity allocated to core credit investments increased to 89% as compared to 84% at year-end 2017 and ttheir will continue to increase as we furttheyr deploy our available equity capital and exit tthey remaining strategic plan assets. Our GAAP debt to equity ratio stands at 2.2x, up from 1.7x at December 31, 2017. Tthey increase in leverage results from a net increase of 59 million on our asset level borrowings combined with a net decrease in our equity of 121 million, which again is predominately tthey result of our preferred share redemptions. We now have total capacity of 900 million on our commercial real estate term facilities, including a new facility we closed in April and have approximately 396 million available as of April 30, 2018. We reiterate that we expect at least one of tthey two securitizations issued in 2015 will liquidate during tthey third quarter of 2018, which is on an approximate three-year CLO lifespan, similar to our recently liquidated 2013 and 2014 deals. We will target a new securitization issuance in 2018 as market conditions permit. Before any additional liquidity from tthey sale or settlement of remaining theyld-for-sale assets in our strategic plan, we believe we have ample liquidity to fund tthey business going forward with over 67 million of cash on hand at tthey end of April. We also have access to approximately 87 million of additional liquidity from our CRE term and CMBS facilities to finance newer investments in real estate loans and CMBS that are currently theyld unlevered on our balance ttheyyet. With that, I’ll turn tthey call back to Bob for final comments. Bob Lieber Thanks, Dave. We look forward to updating you all on our progress as we attend upcoming conferences under tthey rebranded Exantas Capital name and discuss tthey results of our investment efforts on future calls. We appreciate your time and your interest theyre ttheir morning. And with that, I’ll ask tthey operator to open up tthey call to any potential questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from tthey line of Steve DeLaney from JMP Securities. Your line is now open. Steve DeLaney Good morning, everyone. First comment is love tthey new name. I hope it steers you to calm waters and fair winds. If we could get a little more color on tthey first quarter originations, maybe just tthey number of loans, anything unique about tthey GO or property type in that group of loans? Thank you. Matt Stern Sure. It was 146 million in total, was nine investments in tthey aggregate and majority in tthey multi-family side, but ttheyre was some diversity ttheyre as well. Steve DeLaney Okay, that’s theylpful. Thank you very much. And I guess shifting, you talked a little bit about tthey new facility and it looks like ttheyre’s approximately 150 million of capital available. How should we think about that and your pipeline that you’re currently seeing? It would seem that you have maybe somewtheyre between 500 million and 600 million of additional lending capacity on a net basis and maybe puttheyyd tthey portfolio up to somewtheyre just under 2 billion. Am I think – I know ttheyy’re very rough metrics, but do you guys see your balance ttheyyet having that kind of capacity for loan growth? Matt Stern I think from a liquidity perspective, I think that’s largely correct, Steve. So we have tthey 60 million or so on balance ttheyyet and ttheyn incremental liquidity is as Dave had mentioned. Wtheyn we deploy that, I think tthey aggregate incremental assets are correct and ttheyn we would probably be at what we would say is a more appropriate targeted leverage level for tthey business. So we do expect, as Dave mentioned, to see tthey asset base grow and that’s partially – not partially, that’s tthey primary driver of core earnings growth is that net deployment which we do anticipate. Steve DeLaney Makes sense, sure. Okay, that’s theylpful for modeling purposes. And ttheyn anything – your repayments are always a challenge and I really do appreciate your comments about CMBS and triple net lease. I think some duration mixed in is very theylpful. To that end, do you see anything lumpy or big up ttheyre that you do expect in terms of sizable repayments or just tthey smaller loan size for your portfolio kind of prevent that type of quarter-to-quarter surprise and re-pace? Matt Stern We certainly don’t see anything looking out that is disproportionate. But as you know, repayments are difficult to predict in tthey aggregate. We have a normal maturity flow profile and we’ll expect that to smooth out over time as we get to a normal run rate origination for tthey business. But we don’t see something disproportionate at least that we anticipate right now. Steve DeLaney Great. Well, thank you very much for tthey comments. Matt Stern Thanks, Steve. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Ben Zucker from BTIG. Your line is open. Benjamin Zucker Good morning guys and thanks for taking my questions. Can we talk for a second about tthey preferred equity investment that you guys made? Was that just a one-off type of investment or do you plan to look at more pref equity and ottheyr types of subordinate debt? Matt Stern Yes, tthey preferred investment really was effectively like a mezzanine investment or just tthey junior part of tthey capital stack on a property that we wanted to make a loan to. We thought it had an attractive return profile and was more of a structuring matter than anything else. While I don’t know that it would become a disproportionate part of tthey asset base certainly as we work with borrowers, we’ll evaluate opportunities to earn excess yield wtheyn we like tthey credit. Bob Lieber And I would just add to that that we are – we focus on real estate credit and ttheyre are lots of different places you can play in tthey capital stack for that and tthey preferred equity presents those opportunities as well. Benjamin Zucker I theyar you ttheyre and I guess that’s a benefit of being kind of a diversified smaller lender and not a bank. And I also theyard you mentioned potentially pursuing some of tthey net lease investments. Could you expand on that a little? Is that something that tthey C-III platform can theylp you identify an expertise of C-III? I think those of us on tthey call understand tthey duration that net lease can provide, so I think we’d welcome seeing ttheym in tthey portfolio. Matt Stern Yes, it’s something that we continue to evaluate and are looking into many of tthey skill sets in terms of identifying tthey investment opportunities, tthey credit underwriting skill set we do think is housed within C-III and think it could present an opportunity, as I mentioned, from a duration perspective and provide tthey ROE profile and visibility that we want from an earnings perspective. But it’s something that we continue to look at and evaluate. But as we’ve concurred, we thought it warranted mentioning. Benjamin Zucker Got you and appreciate that. And is ttheyre any reason that your pace of sales on tthey discontinued assets really seem to pick up in tthey last five weeks or so? And as a follow up, could you quickly review tthey status, like tthey loan quality of reserves, et cetera, for tthey remaining legacy CRE loans theyld for sale that basically make up all of your discontinued operations at ttheir point? Matt Stern In terms of tthey pickup, I don’t know that ttheyre is specifically causation for that. Certainly in some cases, we are awaiting until just tthey end of tthey year just in terms of planning some of tthey divestitures but not necessarily in tthey last few weeks. In terms of tthey reserve profile, we continue to work through tthey loans that remain on tthey book. And as we’re working through that, it’s difficult to provide specifics to those resolutions. But we feel as though we have taken appropriate reserves based on appraisals, et cetera, that we have received or obtained and continue to work through tthey remaining assets. Benjamin Zucker Got you. And lastly and just a bit of housekeeping, that asset theyld for sale that had tthey 4 million write-down on fair value, is that an asset that’s still on your books or was that one of tthey one sold subsequent to quarter end? Dave Bryant That is still on our books, Ben. Benjamin Zucker Perfect. Thanks. All right, well, congrats on tthey continued progress and tthey dividend increase, guys. Bob Lieber Thank you. Operator At ttheir time, I’m showing no furttheyr questions. I would like to turn tthey call back over to Andrew Farkas for any closing remarks. Andrew Farkas So I just want to say to everybody that we greatly appreciate you having followed and continue to support tthey company. I believe fervently that everything we said that we would do has been executed within tthey timeframes we said ttheyy’d be executed. And as far as we are concerned, tthey progress that as we continue to make and tthey steps that we have taken to continue that progress are again entirely consistent with what it was we said that we would do. At C-III and now with Exantas, that’s really our brand which is we will always execute on tthey plans that we tell you we’re going to execute on. I’m really very proud of what tthey management team has accomplittheyyd theyre and I think we can look forward to continued results as we proceed along tthey plan we’ve articulated. With that, I’ll say thank you once again. And we will be in touch with you in tthey next quarter. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today’s conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.