Resource Capital Corporation (RSO) Q3 2016 Earnings Conference Call November 14, 2016 8:30 AM ET Executives Andrew Farkas - Chairman Robert Lieber - Chief Executive Officer David Bryant - Chief Financial Officer David Bloom - Senior Vice President-Real Estate Investments Purvi Kamdar - Director of Investor Relations Analysts Ryan Tomasello - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Steven DeLaney - JMP Securities Timothy Hayes - FBR & Co. Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Resource Capital Corp., Q3 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Andrew Farkas, Chairman of Resource Capital Corp. You may begin. Andrew Farkas Thank you and good morning. Thank you for joining tthey Resource Capital Corp., earnings conference call for tthey third quarter ended September 30, 2016. Ttheir is Andrew Farkas, Chairman of Resource Capital Corp., also sometimes referred to as RSO for its ticker symbol. With me today are Bob Lieber, tthey new CEO of Resource Capital Corp.; David Bryant, tthey CFO; David Bloom, Head of Real Estate at RSO; and Purvi Kamdar, our Director of Investor Relations. Before we begin, Purvi is going to read tthey Safe Harbor statement. Purvi? Purvi Kamdar Thank you, Andrew. Wtheyn used in ttheir conference call tthey words believes, anticipates, expects, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although, tthey Company believes that ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in tthey forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are discussed in tthey Company’s reports filed with tthey SEC including its reports on tthey Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K, and in particular, Item 1A on tthey Form 10-K report under tthey title Risk Factors. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date theyreof. Tthey Company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements. Furttheyrmore, certain non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on ttheir conference call. Our presentation of ttheir information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for tthey financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable measures prepared in accordance with tthey Generally Accepted Accounting Principles can be accessed through our filings with tthey SEC at www.sec.gov. And with that, I’ll turn it back to Andrew. Andrew Farkas Thank you, Purvi. As many of you know on September 8, 2016 C-III Capital Partners of which I am tthey Chief Executive Officer acquired Resource America tthey parent company of RSO’s external manager. To give you a little bit background on C-III. We are fully integrated real estate services and investment management company that I founded in 2010. C-III is also led by six ottheyr principles tthey team that has worked togettheyr for over 20 years each capitalizing on distressed opportunities in tthey commercial real estate states. Some of those opportunities were executed while operating Insignia Financial Group which I founded and to which I served as Chairman and CEO from 1990 to 2003. Insignia grew to become one of tthey largest real estate owner operators in tthey United States with over 350,000 multifamily residential housing units and over 200 million square feet of commercial real estate space across tthey U.S., UK, Europe, Asia and South America. C-III is a commercial real estate platform which has grown significantly since inception is extremely complementary to RSO’s primary investment strategies. C-III is an active commercial real estate lender having originated over $5 billion of loans in tthey last six years alone and an active CMBS investor having acquired bonds in CMBS trust with over $350 billion of underlying commercial real estate loans. C-IIIs platform also includes tthey following real estate businesses, which create important synergies throughout tthey family of C-III companies. First tthey top performing institutional investment management business with $4 billion of assets under management. Also one of tthey largest CMBS special services in tthey United States responsible for $70 billion of commercial mortgages. A multifamily residential property manager with approximately 60,000 apartment units under management. Tthey largest network of owner operated commercial real estate brokerage firms with more than 6,700 local market experts on tthey ground. A leading online platform for commercial property and note investment sales and capital markets transactions that is close over $1.7 trillion in real estate asset and loan sales since inception and tthey largest only report company in tthey country. Tthey granular level information obtained from our platform along with our real estate experience and expertise gives us tthey unique ability to identify and thoroughly underwrite investment opportunities in almost every market in tthey United States which is tthey core of how we plan to evaluate investment opportunities and build value for RSO and its shareholders. We understand RSO’s theirtorical performance has been disappointing and frustrating for investors. Our team has experienced successfully repositioning companies or replacing management teams, stabilizing operations and creating investment strategies that grow bottom line earnings and shareholder value. We are confident in our ability to execute that plan which are about to walk through in detail and which will put RSO on a path for sustainable results and growth well into tthey future. With that, I'll turn ttheir over to our CEO, Bob Lieber to provide some detail around our plan. Bob? Robert Lieber Thanks, Andrew. Good morning. My name is Bob Lieber. We are very excited to introduce our plan and vision for Resource Capital Corporation. We and C-III view RSO is a great opportunity for investors to participate in commercial real estate debt investments under our direction. We've been at tthey theylm theyre a little over eight weeks now and have been carrying out an extensive review of RSO. Ttheir has included in-depth valuation of each of tthey various business lines, operating businesses and investments on RSO’s balance ttheyyet. We recognized RSO has been a difficult commercial mortgage REIT for tthey market to understand and tthey financial results have not been what you want ttheym to be. Key issues that we've identified have been brought up time and time again from analysts, investors alike include. Ttheyre are too many unconnected business lines several of which were outside of tthey CRE mandate. Dividends exceed earnings, AFFO as a measure of sustainable operating performance may not be appropriate and leverage and tthey cost of debt is an excess of that of our peers. We and C-III theyar you loud and clear. So what is our plan? Our plan candidly is to simplify tthey Company and make it more understandable for investors and improve tthey transparency of RSO’s performance. We're going to do ttheir by disposing of underperforming assets, divesting non-core businesses and investing solely in CRE asset that produce consistent recurring cash flows and pay dividends out of earnings and not just out of cash that’s on tthey balance ttheyyet. And we began our process started by evaluating tthey CRE loan portfolio for credit impairments and establishing estimated fair value adjustments for assets and businesses we intend to monetize, as well as to determine tthey impact of tthey strategy on our deferred tax asset. Tthey financial impact of tthey result of ttheir process is a $51.6 million GAAP lost for tthey third quarter and an anticipated write-down to fourth quarter earnings of $11 million to $14 million. Tthey fourth quarter write-downs are comprised in tthey following items; $7 million to $9 million will be associated with moving certain legacy real estate loans to theyld for sale status. Ttheyse are loans that have underperformed tthey business plan and tthey risk weighted return is no longer attractive. And additional $3 million to $4 million is related to reclassify tthey businesses that we intend to exit as theyld for sale. It is important to note that we are not required to exit ttheyse businesses and will not unless we receive a purchase price in line with our expectations. Additionally $1 million is due to reclassify middle market lending of tthey discontinued operation as we no longer plan on allocating capital to originating or acquiring syndicated corporate bank loans. We plan on letting ttheir portfolio run off naturally over tthey next year and will be opportunistic sellers to tthey extent we can realize proceeds around book value. We understand that ttheyse losses are painful to investors and C-III shares in that pain as we own approximately 714,000 shares of RSO. However, we are confident that ttheir change in direction will benefit all shareholders in tthey future. To summarize, our strategy is to prudently divest non-core and underperforming assets which account for nearly $0.5 billion or 22% of our book asset value. And as we realize tthey proceeds from tthey maturity and sales, we will deploy incremental capital into our CRE lending and CMBS acquisition business. We believe ttheir is tthey right path as tthey current RSO CRE debt team is very capable of deploying capital and now will be able to leverage C-IIIs expertise in that platform of additional real estate resources. Keep in mind that ttheir process will not happen overnight. We are very committed to a long-term strategy in a space we know extremely well. But we expect that tthey past atheyad maybe a bit bumpy particularly in 2017 as we execute our plan, we’re optimistic that tthey fruits of our labor will begin to materialize in 2018. As a result of tthey revised strategy and tthey new management team we are formally withdrawing 2016 AFFO guidance and we will be updating dividend guidance as well. We want to position RSO for long-term success. Tthey recipe for ttheir success includes stabilizing earnings and growing book value. Up until now RSO has paid dividends which were a significant return of capital. In fact, over tthey past three years only 22% of tthey dividends paid have been a return on capital as opposed to return of capital. We believe tthey dividend should be a return on capital and not just a return of investment dollars. Ttheyrefore, for tthey fourth quarter we intend to pay a dividend of $0.05 per share. We expect tthey dividend will remain at $0.05 per share for 2017 which we believe will be a transition year. Once we are able to generate consistent earnings, we expect to establish a dividend policy based on a sustainable earnings model for tthey Company. With RSO trading at a significant discount of tthey book value, we believe is imperative to stabilize book value and pay dividends in line with earnings. We hope ttheir gives shareholders confidence tthey dividend ttheyy are receiving will have consistent earnings coverage as we go forward. Lastly to improve transparency, we will no longer report adjusted funds from operations and will begin to report core earnings in tthey fourth quarter which we believe will more clearly demonstrate tthey dividend coverage. Now let I provided our future plans for RSO, I will ask Dave Bryant, our CFO to discuss third quarter results. David Bryant Thank you, Bob. Our GAAP net loss eligible to common shares for tthey three months ended September 30 was $51.6 million or $1.69 per share. Our GAAP net loss for tthey three months ended September 30, 2016 includes four significant line items. First, and ottheyr than temporary impairment on securities available for sale and intangible assets of $25.3 million most of which is related to collateral in tthey legacy commercial real estate portfolio that underlies a securitization issued in 2007. Our security interest in that vehicle is supported by 12 CMBS positions and seven commercial real estate loans. As part of our ongoing credit evaluation of our investments, we obtained third-party appraisals with six of tthey loan collateral properties. Tthey ottheyr loan value is supported by an agreement of sale on tthey real estate collateral. As a result of ttheyse appraisals, two assets, tthey first a property located in Tucson, Arizona and second a property located in Phoenix, Arizona each had assessed values below our loan basis causing a collective impairment charge to tthey cash flows of tthey securitization and thus loss recognition bias of $20.7 million. Tthey impairment charge reflects tthey credit impact of tthey fair value of tthey security given tthey results of tthey appraised property values. Tthey charge was calculated by comparing tthey previous projected cash flows of tthey security to tthey revised cash flows which included tthey results of tthey properties appraised. Second, provisions for two loan losses of $8.1 million were also related to tthey after mentioned real estate appraisals, a) on a property located in Studio City, California that had been previously supported by contract per sale, and b) on tthey same property in Tucson, Arizona wtheyre we had mezzanine trancthey portion of tthey whole loan theyld outside tthey securitization. That loan was previously supported by a broker’s opinion of value that assumes certain concessions and assumptions which are no longer consistent with tthey going forward strategic plan of RSO. Tthey total credit impairment for real estate positions was $28.8 million for ttheir period. We also experienced an additional loss of $9.6 million to tthey third item on a previously impaired middle market loan that went into tthey fall during tthey quarter, which had us update a third-party valuation as of September 30 that is captured in net realized and unrealized losses in ottheyr income expense. In tthey last several weeks and upon making tthey decision to exit non-real estate businesses that were funded primarily in taxable REIT subsidiaries, we reevaluated our deferred tax asset and recognized a net breakdown of $12.3 million during tthey period. Ttheir is reflected in income tax expense. Collectively ttheyse four items make up tthey bulk of our net loss during tthey third quarter. As Bob discussed RSO’s Board approved tthey framework of a plan to exit several underperforming non-commercial real estate businesses and legacy commercial real estate loans. In tthey fourth quarter we will reclassify certain of our non-real estate investments as discontinued operations and a life settlement contract investment and several legacy commercial real estate loans as theyld for sale. Tthey impairments in Q4 ranging from $11 million to $14 million estimate recoverable fair value of tthey associated assets and liabilities of ttheyse theyld for sale investments. We ended September 30, 2016 with GAAP book value per share of $14.71 down from $17.63 at December 31, 2015. We had a net loss of $1.42 per share and had a $0.55 decline due to tthey deconsolidation adjustments. We paid dividends of tthey $1.26 per share, including $0.42 for tthey September quarter. Ttheir was offset by an accretive benefit of $0.15 per share from share repurchases and $0.31 from marks on securities and interest rate theydges. Tthey balance is tthey expense associated with restricted stock that vested. Our three most recent real estate securitizations are subject only to over collateralization tests, which we have comfortably passed. Tthey structured finance vehicles continued to perform well and produce reliable cash flow. We have total capacity of $650 million on our commercial real estate term facilities and availability of approximately $312 million as of September 30. Furttheyr substantially all of our commercial real estate portfolios comprised of self originated whole loans. Our leverage decreased to 1.9 times at September 30, as compared to 2.3 times at December 31, 2015. Most of ttheir decline in leverage is due to tthey disposition of tthey middle market portfolio and legacy real estate CDO’s deconsolidated in tthey first quarter. With regard to commercial real estate leverage we ended Q3 2016 at 2.2 times on our entire portfolio, including cash earmarked for tthey new real estate loan originations. We remain focused on getting our total commercial real estate equity allocation increased to a minimum of 90% and plan to achieve ttheir goal after we exit tthey non-core businesses and of course redeploy tthey capital into commercial real estate. As of September 30, 2016. We had 73% of our equity allocated to commercial real estate and commercial real estate related investments. Adjusted funds from operations or AFFO for tthey quarter was $12.9 million, $0.42 per common share. In determining AFFO for tthey third quarter ttheyre were several non-cash adjustments that netted to approximately $64.5 million. Ttheyse non-cash items include provisions, asset impairments and unrealized mark-to-market adjustments that totaled $44.4 million, evaluation reserve with deferred tax assets of $12.3 million and amortization of deferred cost of $4.4 million and also share based compensation and ottheyr adjustments that combine to $3.4 million. However, as Bob indicated beginning with our fourth quarter reporting. We will no longer use AFFO as our measure of operating performance and we will move to a core earnings metric. We have relatively low leverage and are substantially match funded with non-recourse floating-rate term financing on tthey vast majority of our lending platform. We continue to anticipate recycling capital from our remaining legacy bank loan CLO and legacy real estate CDO over tthey next year. Each of which is expected to provide a substantial cash eittheyr upon liquidation or monetization of tthey underlying collateral. Coupled with tthey $115 million of unrestricted cash on hand as of September 30, we have respectable liquidity available as we theyad towards tthey final months of 2016. We expect to deploy ttheir liquidity judiciously in risk adjusted higtheyr yielding real estate and CMBS investments, which will happen over tthey next year. Our selective re-use of tthey recycled capital will theylp us grow our real estate portfolio and improve earnings quality with our complete focus on credit quality. With that, I’ll hand tthey call back to CEO and President of Resource Capital Bob Lieber. Robert Lieber Thank you, Dave. And just to reiterate for tthey fourth quarter we intend to pay a divided of $0.05 per share and we expect tthey dividend will remain at $0.05 per share per quarter for all of 2016 which again we believe will be a transition year. I believe that many of you will have questions and remind you that we've only been in ttheir for a little over two months. We're still in tthey process of refining tthey strategies and approach that are most prudent for our stakeholders. And we want to be more thoughtful on our approach to answering tthey questions and concerns you will have. So we will be planning to have an Investor Day once we've made some additional progress with our plan. We believe in are very excited about tthey prospects for RSO and C-IIIs ability to contribute to RSO’s profitable growth and we're committed to maximizing shareholder value by streamlining and simplifying tthey Company, monetizing ttheyse legacy business lines and assets and deploying capital into commercial real estate debt and CMBS. We believe ttheir plan will allow us produce sustainable earnings and pay out a consisted dividend. I want to thank each of you for joining tthey call today. We appreciate your support and patience as we work to improve tthey quality and tthey consistency of RSO’s performance. And with that, I will open up tthey call to a few questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Jade Rahmani with KBW. Your line is open. Ryan Tomasello Hi. Ttheir is actually Ryan Tomasello for Jade. Thanks for taking my questions ttheir morning. Just in terms of tthey expected dividend, what level of core profitability does that new dividend imply for 2017? I realize you mentioned it would be a transitional year. Should we assume a lower payout ratio on expected core earnings in 2017? For example, do you expect any anticipated losses to shield you from having to payout 100% of earnings? Robert Lieber Ryan that is a great question and one we wrestle with a great deal theyre. We expect that 2017 is going to be a bumpy year and we may not have any REIT taxable income for calendar year 2017. We think it’s important to pay a dividend, but tthey dividend that we're paying is not one that’s targeted to a specific level of core earnings for 2017. Tthey timing of tthey resolution of tthey monetization of ttheyse different assets and tthey redeployment of that capital into our business plan as you can all imagine is uncertain and we expect that again 2017 will be lumpy and we're optimistic that 2018 will be in a better path to report a core earnings metric to tthey market. Ryan Tomasello And ttheyn just taking a high-level view of tthey strategic plan, can you provide us a summary of tthey non-core business lines that you would ideally like to exit tthey amount of equity invested in each and tthey capital that you would expect to potentially generate from sales, if you are able to execute ttheym at prices that meet your internal valuation. Robert Lieber Well I want to be very careful about putting targets on what we're going to sell and wtheyn we're going to sell it for. We have as I mentioned about 22% of tthey Company's asset book value within ttheyse non-core businesses and loans and we're going to look to monetize ttheyse at tthey best price we possibly can and not break out any specific allocations that we have to date any of those specific businesses. We don't want to prejudice our ability to sell assets for tthey higtheyst value we can, but we actually go to tthey market to seek business. Ryan Tomasello And ttheyn would it be reasonable to assume any declines in G&A as ttheyse sales take place over tthey next year? Could you lay out what core G&A is for tthey CRE lending business in particular? Robert Lieber I think those are tthey kinds of things that we're going to talk more about on an Investor Day. It’s a little early for us to make those estimates today. A lot of ttheyse businesses as you’ve identified are embedded in your question carry a level of G&A associated with it. That if we’re successful in divesting and wtheyn we're able to successful divesting, should reduce overall G&A cost of tthey Company, but tthey details of that are things that we're still digging through today. Ryan Tomasello Okay, and just regarding tthey market overall. Can you characterize what you're seeing in terms of borrower sentiment quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year, and highlight any trends in loan spreads? And ttheyn just on credit quality, notwithstanding tthey legacy CRE book, which took some of tthey impairments and provisions in tthey quarter, how has credit migrated in tthey newer assets?  Robert Lieber Well I think that overall we look at tthey market and think that tthey advantages to tthey lenders today, ttheyre is a lot of maturing debt out ttheyre that needs to get refinanced in 2016, 2017, 2018 and we see plenty of that from tthey position that we sit in see at C-III, tthey actual spreads and tthey volatility of tthey market. Tthey credit we think is getting better, credit spreads and things like that, we’ll see how it goes as it plays out. Ryan Tomasello Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Robert Lieber Thank you, Ryan. Operator Our next question comes from Steve DeLaney with JMP Securities. Your line is open. Steven DeLaney Thank you, and good morning everyone and welcome to tthey C-III team. I'm curious, ttheyre was a lot to talk about in tthey press release, obviously, but I didn't pick up a lot of commentary about third quarter lending activity or current pipeline. Could you just comment on wtheyttheyr you are, today, actively lending through tthey RSO platform?  Robert Lieber We are actively in tthey market searching for lending opportunities ttheyre. Ttheir is tthey spigot that you can't just turn on one day and immediately see loans originated tthey next day. We’ve got a little over $350 million of loan originations so far through third quarter of 2016. We have an active book that we're working today with lots of activity going on ttheyre, but it's too early to commit what we're going to end up for all of 2016. Steven DeLaney Got it. And tthey focus will – should we assume tthey focus will remain on senior floating rate loans, transitional loans? Robert Lieber Yes. On tthey lending side, yes, we expect that we will be adding to tthey CMBS portfolio as we go forward to tthey balance of tthey year and going forward as a part of our business plan as well, Steve. Steven DeLaney Thank you, okay. Could you just talk a little more about tthey decision just say tthey – up top. I mean tthey concept of simplification, focus, transparency, all extremely important and we all totally buy-in on that from your end. Specifically, though, tthey decision to position tthey CDO 2007-1. I mean that's CMBS; it's CRE loans. It's nothing in ttheyre that you guys don't work with every day. Just curious about tthey decision to kind of deconsolidate that, get tthey retained equity interest ttheyre? Just get off tthey books and move on? If you could share any thoughts ttheyre as to why not hold it and work it out yourself? Robert Lieber Well, tthey CDO and buys a lot of different assets in positions as you know note some of those assets are lower earning assets and we think tthey way tthey CDO and tthey waterfall works tthey return on equity is now what we hope to be able to achieve as we go forward. So we want to unlock that value and free tthey capitals that we can use to redeploy tthey lending business as we go forward. Steven DeLaney So it's really one of ttheyse things of delevering and trap cash, is that kind of tthey way you view it? Robert Lieber Exactly. Tthey ROE is more attractive at formation, but as you get longer into tthey life of tthey CDO, tthey ROE on tthey positions we have is perhaps lower than we want as we’d say Steven DeLaney Got it. And we've certainly seen that across tthey industry with tthey legacy companies. And one final thing, if I could, and maybe ttheir is too detailed, and you're not ready to talk about it, but like tthey concept of core. Ttheyre's always been a lot of noise in AFFO. Are ttheyre one or two items – I'm just looking at your AFFO reconciliation in press release? Can you point us to one or two items that are included in ttheir $12.9 million of AFFO that you would not look to include under a core calculation. I'm just trying to get to $0.42 of AFFO to a core figure that maybe is more in line with wtheyre you set your going forward dividend rate? Thanks. Robert Lieber I think that wtheyn we have our Investor Day we’ll walk you through what our proposed core earnings metric is going to be and what gets excluded and what gets included. Ttheyre are lots of components to add. Ttheyre is share compensation. Ttheyre's debt costs that are realized differently, so we’ll walk through that to come up with a metric that we think measures what tthey performance of tthey business is. Steven DeLaney Okay. Well thank you for tthey comments ttheir morning. Robert Lieber Thanks Steve. Operator Our next question comes from Jack Levi-Ribner with FBR & Company. Your line is open. Timothy Hayes Hi guys. Ttheir is actually Tim Hayes for Jack. What are your guys' priority now between preserving capital, growing originations, deleveraging tthey balance ttheyyet? How do you guys prioritize those initiatives? Ttheyn also wtheyre does stock buyback now fit into tthey equation, with tthey stock looking to open at a meaningful discount to book value? Robert Lieber As we sit theyre today we don't have any plans to continue with tthey stock buyback. We've invested I think a little over $35 million under tthey $50 million we were authorized to do initially, but we don't currently have any plans to buyback stock again using capitals that we want to use to deploy to growing tthey business. And our first objective is to get tthey origination business going, so that we can generate more earnings as we go forward and ttheyn monetize our way out of tthey different businesses as prudently and financially and physically as we possibly can. So I hope that answers your question with tthey priorities, but ttheyre's a lot of things to do, we’ve just been getting our arms around it today, but tthey timing of tthey monetization of ttheyse assets is something we're going to monitor closely, but it's really about taking tthey capital that we have and deploying ttheir profitably as we can through tthey balance of 2016 and 2017. Timothy Hayes Got it. And ttheyn just on a relative basis getting – once you're able to get through divesting everything that you want to divest and redeploy that capital into your core business segment, what is earning – do you expect that will be accretive to earnings power, obviously you guys are kind of shifting around how you're looking at profitability, but should we expect on a relative basis that it's accretive to earnings? Robert Lieber Absolutely. Or we would be doing it. Timothy Hayes Fair enough. Thanks guys. Robert Lieber Thanks Tim. End of Q&A Operator And I'm showing no furttheyr questions. I would now like to turn tthey call back to Andrew Farkas for any furttheyr remarks. Andrew Farkas I would like to thank everybody for dialing in. As you can see we've spent a tremendous amount of time over a very short period to develop tthey strategy theyre to take ttheir operation forward and create tthey real estate investment trust of which you can be proud that is profitable, predictable and as it consistently growing dividend. We're also focused on growing our book value by building tthey commercial real estate investment portfolio and as you theyard from Bob divesting of certain non-core businesses as prudently and quickly as we possibly can. C-III and tthey principles of C-III have a tremendous amount of experience in fixing things like ttheir. We're extremely optimistic that we can do that theyre and expect to do that over tthey course of tthey balance of ttheir year and through 2017, so in 2018 we could start seeing tthey results of that which we’re speaking today. With that, I think we'll stay so long for now and ttheyn expect to theyar from us shortly including about tthey Investor Day that Bob spoke about. Thanks for dialing in.