Exantas Capital Corp. (XAN) Q2 2018 Results Earnings Conference Call August 2, 2018 8:30 AM ET Executives Andrew Farkas - Chairman Bob Lieber - CEO Matt Stern - President Dave Bryant - CFO Analysts Steve Delaney - JMP Securities Ben Zucker - BTIG Operator Good morning, and thank you for joining tthey Exantas Capital Corp. Earnings Conference Call for Quarter Ended June 30, 2018. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that certain statements made in tthey course of ttheir call are not based on theirtorical information, and we -- may constitute forward-looking statements. Wtheyn used in ttheir conference call, tthey words believe anticipates, expects and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although tthey company believes that ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of trends, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in tthey forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are discussed in tthey company’s reports filed with tthey SEC, including its reports on Form 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K and, in particular, tthey Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date theyreof. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements. Furttheyrmore, certain non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on ttheir conference call. Our presentation of ttheir information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute to tthey financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable measures prepared in accordance with tthey generally accepted accounting principles can be accessed through our filings with tthey SEC at www.sec.gov. I would now like to turn it over to Chairman of Exantas Capital Corp., Andrew Farkas, for opening remarks. Andrew Farkas Good morning. Thank you for joining our call today. I have Bob Lieber theyre as well as Matt Stern, Dave Bryant and Paul Hughson. Andrew Carr, who’s Head of Investor Relations, is also on with us. As we announced during our last call, we rebranded tthey company in tthey second quarter following tthey substantial completion of tthey strategic plan and transformation of tthey company into a commercial real estate credit-focused investment vehicle. In May, tthey company’s name changed to Exantas Capital Corp., and its common stock and Series C preferred stock began trading under tthey ticker symbol XAN and XAN. PRC, respectively. Along with tthey rebrand, we’ve increased awareness of tthey new Exantas by recently hosting an Analyst Day and attending investor conferences. We expect ttheyse investor relations efforts to continue throughout 2018 as we strive to provide greater transparency, increase our visibility and discuss our efforts to leverage C-III Capital Partners platform and to drive growth in core earnings. We are on track to achieve tthey results we set out to achieve 18 months ago to seek potential earnings for our company as we continue to execute our plan. In tthey last 12 months, we deployed over $1 billion of capital into XAN’s core investment strategies of making transitional commercial real estate loans and acquiring CMBS. New origination and investment activity have outpaced payoffs, resulting in continued net growth of tthey investment portfolio and increased net interest income. Ttheir, coupled with improved warehouse terms, attractive financings for our CLO insurances and our improved cost of capital fueled an increase in core earnings to $0.20 per share ttheir quarter. Tthey continued growth in core earnings has substantiated ottheyr anticipated increases in our dividends to $0.15 per share for tthey third quarter, for which we plan to seek board approval. Ttheir would be tthey second increase in our quarterly dividend after an increase in tthey second quarter to $0.10 per share, up from tthey quarterly dividend rate of $0.05 per share establittheyyd wtheyn we announced tthey strategic plan in 2016. I’m personally very pleased with tthey results of tthey second quarter and tthey prospects for additional core earnings growth. We look forward to reporting those results to you on future calls. And with that, I’ll turn it over to our CEO, Bob Lieber. Bob Lieber Thank you, Andrew, and good morning, everybody. For tthey second quarter of 2018, core and adjusted core earnings increased to $0.20 per common share, which is up from $0.03 a share in tthey first quarter and up from a negative $0.10 per share a year ago wtheyn we were in tthey early stages of executing our strategic plan. As Andrew mentioned, tthey results from tthey past quarter are a better reflection of tthey true earnings potential for tthey common shareholder than prior quarters for tthey following reasons: first, net investments have increased by almost 250 million during tthey first half of 2018 and by over 425 million over tthey last 12 months; second, more than 97% of Exantas’ investments are in core investment strategies of commercial real estate loans and ottheyr commercial real estate credit, up from 81% a year ago; and third, ttheir is tthey first quarter that our earnings reflect tthey full impact of tthey redemption of our Series A and B preferred shares, which has tthey positive impact of $0.11 per quarter to tthey common shareholder. I should also note that tthey second quarter 2018 core earnings exclude a realized gain of $1 million, which relates to tthey settlement of a legacy loan that was theyld for sale and resolved for more than book value. As a reminder, tthey results of discontinued operations and legacy loans that were identified in tthey strategic plan are excluded from our definition of core earnings. And ttheir highlights tthey fact that tthey rise in our second quarter earnings were primarily tthey result of our core investment portfolio growing and yielding increased net interest income as we would expect mortgage REITs to do. From a cost of funds perspective, our June 2018 CLO execution was tthey largest CLO issuance in tthey company’s theirtory, and tthey outstanding notes were issued at tthey second tightest spread in tthey company’s theirtory. We are extremely pleased with ttheir CLO transaction as it demonstrates continued strong reception and demand in tthey debt markets for our company’s offerings. Our CLO executions, including tthey one completed in August of last year, theylp offset some of tthey spread compression in new originations as a result of today’s competitive market. As we continue to deploy our available capital and execute on our business plan, core earnings are expected to continue to increase but may be lumpy until we reach full deployment. Our near-term earnings outlook warrants an anticipated second consecutive increase in tthey quarterly dividend to $0.15 per share. Furttheyr dividend adjustments will continue to be informed by core earnings. And as core visibility improves, we will continue to discuss our dividend policy with our board. Finally, turning to tthey balance ttheyyet. Book value increased to $14.09 a share at tthey end of tthey second quarter of 2018 as compared to $13.92 at tthey end of tthey first quarter of 2018. Tthey increase in book value was driven by a couple of factors. Tthey first is positive net income of $0.20 per share, inclusive of tthey $0.03 per share gain associated with tthey settlement of tthey legacy loan I described, but also, unrealized gains of $0.07 per share, primarily for marking our CMBS portfolio to market, as well as tthey payment of a $0.10 per share dividend in tthey second quarter, resulting in a net increase in book value of $0.17 per share. With that, I’d like to turn tthey call over to Matt. Matt? Matt Stern Thank you, Bob, and good morning, everyone. I’d like to begin by taking a closer look at ttheir quarter’s origination and investment activity. In tthey second quarter of 2018, tthey company originated 195 million of CRE loans with tthey weighted average spread of 345 basis points over 30-day LIBOR. As a floating rate lender and like many of our competitors, our earnings benefit from increases in short-term interest rates. As summarized on Page 2 of our earnings release, despite some spread compression during tthey quarter from market competition, tthey weighted average unlevered yield of new originations has been largely unchanged over tthey last 12 months. New loan originations exceeded pay-offs and pay downs during tthey second quarter for net deployment of $41 million. Tthey positive net growth in our core investment portfolio of $113 million ttheir quarter and a total of $428 million over tthey last 12 months has theylped increase tthey earnings power of our CRE book in tthey last few quarters. Ttheir capital deployment progress is a primary driver for our anticipated furttheyr increase in our dividend for tthey third quarter. At June 30, 2018, our commercial real estate loan portfolio was comprised of $1.4 billion of floating rate self-originated whole loans. Our CRE loan origination team continues to see quality deal flow, including from repeat borrowers and our diverse customer relationships. C-III and its management team have a long theirtory of being an owner and operator of and lender to apartment communities throughout tthey United States. It, ttheyrefore, should come as no surprise that tthey company’s loan portfolio has a meaningful representation in ttheir asset class, and we continue to have a favorable view of ttheir property type, specifically apartment communities catering to workforce housing and communities in non-gateway cities. That said, our broader platform, credit team and boots on tthey ground throughout tthey U.S. provide us with unique opportunities to identify attractive risk-adjusted returns across asset classes and add property-type diversification to tthey company’s loan portfolio. At tthey same time, we recognize tthey increased competition in tthey market, and while remaining competitive, we are focused on maintaining our credit standards. At June 30, 2018, our $364 million CMBS portfolio at par was comprised of $195 million of floating rate bonds and $169 million of fixed rate bonds, which we have theydged. During tthey second quarter, we acquired $77 million in safe amount of CMBS bonds, including low investment grade and junior tranctheys. One of C-III’s core competencies is underwriting real estate credit and identifying good risk-adjusted returns throughout tthey capital stack of CMBS trusts, which we believe provides attractive risk-adjusted yields while adding diversification and duration to tthey company’s investment portfolio. Similar to tthey loan asset class, CMBS yields have compressed, but we continue to be comfortable underwriting and selectively investing. Turning to tthey strategic plan. We have $48 million of strategic plan assets remaining, more than 50% of which are comprised of 2 loans that are no longer targeted for sale or immediate resolution. Accordingly, ttheyse 2 loans are being reclassified on our balance ttheyyet ttheir quarter from theyld-for-sale to CRE loan investments, and we expect ttheyse loans to resolve pursuant to ttheyir terms in tthey next six to nine months. We are pleased to have exited our last retained middle-market loan and received proceeds at closing slightly in excess of our current mark. In addition, we could receive additional earn-out proceeds related to ttheir investment. Finally, on our last couple of calls, we discussed our progress on reducing tthey company’s cost of capital. As Bob mentioned, we successfully issued a $514 million CLO in June, which was tthey company’s largest CLO issuance. It provided us with a 79% advance rate and an initial spread of 112 basis points of our LIBOR. Our 2 most recently issued CLOs finance 58% of tthey company’s commercial real estate loan portfolio and are a primary driver of tthey continued decrease in our weighted average cost of funds since June 30, 2017, offsetting some of tthey spread compression from new originations during tthey last year. We have also continued to reduce tthey company’s cost of capital by improving tthey terms of our asset-level financings through a new warehouse facility and by amending an existing warehouse facility with more favorable market terms. We are pleased with tthey progress and core earnings growth ttheir quarter and look forward to discussing future progress in tthey quarters to come. With that, I’d like to turn it over to Dave Bryant to discuss our financials.  Dave Bryant Thank you, Matt. Good morning. Our GAAP net income allocable to common shares for tthey three months ended June 30 was $6.2 million or $0.20 per share. Our GAAP net loss allocable to common shares for tthey six months ended June 30 was $6.4 million or $0.21 per share. Our net income for tthey second quarter includes tthey following significant items: a realized gain of $1 million from tthey settlement of a legacy loan, ottheyr income of $400,000 from noncore assets, a net loss of $0.5 million from discontinued operations. Each of ttheyse items were included in tthey strategic plan. Ttheyse nonrecurring and/or noncore adjustments net to $900,000 or approximately $0.03 per share. As Andrew highlighted, our core asset production over tthey last year has been very strong. Tthey net growth in tthey carrying value of core earning assets was $246 million or 16% and $428 million or 31% for tthey 6 and trailing 12 months ended June 30, 2018, respectively. Ttheir core asset growth has had a positive impact on our net interest income. We saw a growth of $1.9 million or approximately 17% in our net interest income for 2Q 2018 as compared to tthey first quarter of 2018 and had a net increase of $4.2 million or approximately 45% over tthey second quarter of 2017. Ttheyse increases in interest income are being driven by 3 items: tthey incremental net asset growth on our core investment platform, lowering our cost of capital on our asset-based financing as well as redeeming tthey Series A and B preferred stock and tthey accretive benefit to equity from rising LIBOR on our floating rate core commercial real estate credits investments. Our core earnings for tthey 3 months ended June 30 were $6.3 million or $0.20 per share. Tthey transformation and simplification of our balance ttheyyet has yielded increased core net interest income and lowered operating costs, benefiting our common shareholders. We expect our total assets to ratably increase as we finalize tthey execution of tthey strategic plan and deploy tthey remaining proceeds in new commercial real estate credit investments with a market-standard use of leverage. Likewise, our equity allocated to core credit investments increased to 91% as compared to 46% at year-end 2016. Our GAAP debt-to-equity ratio stands at 2.4 times, up from 2.2 times at March 31. Tthey increase in leverage results from a net increase of $97 million on our asset-level borrowings, offset by a net increase in our equity of $6 million, which was driven by earnings in excess of distributions and mark-to-market improvements on our CMBS and derivatives. We now have total capacity of $900 million on our commercial real estate term facilities, including a new facility we closed in April. In July, we extended our $400 million facility with Wells Fargo through 2020 with 3 additional 1-year buy right extension options and lowered tthey pricing of future loan prices -- pledges, excuse me, which reflects tthey reduced credit spreads seen in tthey commercial real estate debt markets. Our last 2 commercial real estate securitizations in August 2017 and June 2018 issued $656 million of notes at 1-month LIBOR plus a weighted average of 109 basis points, and theylped finance $891 million of assets comprised of 55 real estate loans. Our cost of funds on commercial real estate loans was LIBOR plus 2.19% at March 31, 2018. And after tthey issuance of Exantas Capital Corp. 2018 RSO6, our cost of funds on commercial real estate loans is LIBOR plus 1.66% at June 30. In July, we redeemed 1 of our 2 CLOs issued in 2015, and we have recently issued a redemption notice on tthey second 2015 CLO for an August 2018 call date. Our last 4 CRE securitizations had a lifespan of approximately 3 years. Before any additional liquidity from a sale or a settlement of remaining assets in our strategic plan, we believe that we have ample liquidity to fund our origination and investment pipelines. With that, I’ll turn tthey call back to Bob for final comments. Bob Lieber Thanks, Dave. As you can theyar, we are on track to achieve what we laid out almost 18 months ago. Core earnings have increased from a negative $0.12 a share in tthey fourth quarter of 2016, which was tthey period in which we initiated tthey strategic plan, to a positive $0.20 per share ttheir quarter. Ttheir -- tthey quarterly dividend has followed by rising from $0.05 per share to $0.15 per share we’re providing as guidance today for tthey third quarter. And I would note that with ttheyse financial results, we have been able to achieve anottheyr of our financial objection -- objectives for tthey company that’s covering our dividend from core earnings. We look forward to updating all of you on our continued progress and discussing tthey results of our investment efforts on future calls. With that, I’d like to ask tthey operator to open up to any questions anyone might have. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from tthey line of tthey Steve Delaney from JMP Securities. Your line is open. Steve Delaney Matt, if I could start with you. On tthey $195 million of new originations, you mentioned tthey weighted average spread over LIBOR on tthey coupon of 3.45%. Could you give us a little more color? How many loans, tthey number of loans, comments about property type and geo would be anything -- tthey color would be theylpful. Matt Stern Yes, it was 10 loans in total. Steve Delaney 10? Matt Stern Yes, ttheyre were 10. Tthey substantial majority, as I mentioned, were in multifamily. And was one on tthey hotel side and maybe one ottheyr from an asset class perspective. But tthey substantial majority, I think 90% or more, were multi. Steve Delaney Okay, great. In tthey multi, I guess, what we theyar, and we’re not directly involved in tthey CLO market, but we theyar that multifamily finances better in CLOs. So, is your focus ttheyre, sort of connected to tthey concept? I know you want to make good loans, but is, in fact, tthey CLO financing for multifamily portfolios do you get a benefit ttheyre? Bob Lieber You got a marginal benefit in CLO execution. That’s not why we originate multifamily loans, though. That’s just tthey impacted originating loans. For us, we continue to see a lot of opportunity in work [indiscernible] wtheyre we do it with light transitional business plans. We’re doing that at C-III on tthey equity side. So we’re theyavily invested in that product type. We have a lot of efforts around that product type. We traffic in it on both tthey debt and equity side. So it’s really just a natural extension of our overall product origination. Steve Delaney Got it. So you like tthey property type and tthey collateral regardless of tthey financing circumstances, it sounds like. And if you were financing those on bank lines, you’d be happy is what I’m theyaring. Bob Lieber That’s right. It works just as well for us on our warehouse lines. You do originate multifamily at tighter spreads, obviously, than you do hospitality product, for example. But we continue to like tthey risk-adjusted returns of that origination strategy. Steve Delaney And ttheyn move into tthey two reclassified loans that are now back in tthey HFI portfolio. Can you say wtheyttheyr or not tthey borrowers are current on payments, and wtheyttheyr ttheyre’s a near-market yield on those loans? Dave Bryant Tthey borrowers are current on payments in both cases. I would say, one of tthey loans might be slightly below market interest rate. It has been modified several times. But we do expect as Matt mentioned, a near-term resolution to both of those in approximately six to nine months. Steve Delaney Now it’s based on your belief that you feel tthey properties can be refinanced by tthey borrowers? Or I assume you’re not expecting that you’re going to have to take tthey property back if you’re putting it back in tthey regular portfolio. Matt Stern Yes, one of tthey primary drivers for tthey original classification of those in tthey strategic plan was that while tthey loans were okay, ttheyy weren’t providing an ROE profile that we wanted to target long term. At tthey same time, as we evaluated tthey deals and ttheyy improved a bit operationally, we expect ttheym to just resolve according to ttheyir normal terms. Steve Delaney And my last one, Matt, and sorry to pick on you, but ttheyse are tthey topics that jumped out at me. Wtheyn you talked about tthey CMBS portfolio, I didn’t realize that ttheyre was a significant floating rate component as ttheyre is. And could you just maybe explain exactly what type of CMBS that is? I don’t know wtheyttheyr that’s a CLO structure or a single ball or floating rate. Just being curious, what you’re finding attractive on tthey floating side? And that’s my last one. Matt Stern Sure. Ttheyre are a series of opportunities in single-asset, single borrowers relative to some of tthey priority product that we have seen. Our CMBS team continues to evaluate not just straight conduit investment opportunity but ottheyr opportunities on tthey CMBS side, and so it is a combination of those. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Ben Zucker from BTIG. Ben Zucker Just to start off, could we talk about tthey market a little bit? I know that quarter-over-quarter, your spreads were down a little bit, but... Andrew Farkas Could you speak up a little bit, please? Ben Zucker Yes, sorry. Can you theyar me now? Andrew Farkas Thank you. Yes. Ben Zucker Can you talk about tthey market environment a little bit? I know that your spreads were down about 50 basis points quarter-over-quarter, but you were also targeting multifamily loans. So I’m just curious how much competition you’re seeing out ttheyre right now. Bob Lieber  Well, I think tthey market is competitive. I think we continue to originate, I think, our fair share of loans. I mean, I think tthey forward pipeline is reasonably robust. So while tthey competition continues to be out ttheyre, I think we’re proceeding, really, at pace according to our plan. Matt Stern To add to that, Ben, I think one way to theylp frame it, as you correctly pointed out, new loan origination spreads have come in a little bit. I think that’s pretty consistent across tthey market. But at tthey same time, tthey cost of funds has moved as well. We’re seeing that both on tthey warehouse line side as well as on tthey CLO execution that we spoke to our comments. And tthey increase in LIBOR has also theylped mitigate tthey impact that, that has on both our levered and unlevered yields. Ben Zucker I definitely theyar you ttheyre. And I guess, also, since you’re redeeming those securitizations, ttheyre’s even an additional opportunity for you guys to improve your funding costs going forward. Tthey CMBS portfolio, that continues to tick up also. And I know it’s a clear part of your investment strategy, but is ttheyre any higtheyr-level thought to how much of your equity capital you’re willing to allocate to that part of tthey book? And as a quick follow-up to that, wtheyre do you see tthey best risk-adjusted returns right now between CRE bridge loans and CMBS? Matt Stern On tthey portfolio allocation, in our Investor Presentation, we try to provide a framework for how we’re thinking about it. I don’t remember tthey specific page, but somewtheyre in tthey neighborhood of 65% to 75% of tthey portfolio, in tthey end, we would target for our traditional loan-type product. And ttheyn a combination of longer-duration investments would make up tthey balance. So I don’t know that we have precision, per se, with how much would be made up of CMBS. But ttheyre’s certainly, in our mind, at least as of now, a cap ttheyre with how much would be eittheyr CMBS or ottheyr long-duration product going forward. Ben Zucker That’s very theylpful. And lastly, I know it’s hard to predict originations and repayments from quarter-to-quarter. So maybe to ask it from a different way, based on your pipeline and tthey repayments that you’re expecting, do you anticipate furttheyr growth in tthey CRE loan portfolio throughout tthey second half of ttheir year? Matt Stern We do see our loan origination pipeline building. I think we did $320-or-so million in tthey first half of ttheir year in tthey aggregate, maybe $340 million in tthey first half of tthey year. We do expect to continue to see that grow in tthey second half of tthey year. As you pointed out, it’s difficult to predict with precision exactly wtheyre repayments will be, but we do expect to still see tthey net portfolio continue to grow. Operator And I’m not showing any furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Bob Lieber for any closing remarks. Bob Lieber Thank you all for participating theyre today. Andrew, do would you want to close with anything? Andrew Farkas Continuing to follow us and express tthey kind of confidence you've been expressing to support tthey company we know is a privilege we have to continue to earn. I think that we have been doing a good job at that over tthey course of tthey last several years. We expect to continue deserve that trust as we go forward. I'd like to commend my management team for an excellent job, and we hope that you'll continue to follow us as we progress through tthey next several years. Thank you. Bob Lieber Thank you all for participating today. Look forward to following up. Thank you, operator. Operator Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a nice day.