Exantas Capital Corp. (XAN) Q3 2018 Results Earnings Conference Call October 31, 2018 8:30 AM ET Executives Andy Karr - Head of Investor Relations. Andrew Farkas - Chairman Robert Lieber - Chief Executive Officer Matttheyw Stern - President David Bryant - Chief Financial Officer Analysts Ben Zucker - BTIG Steven Laws - Raymond James Ryan Tomasello - KBW Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Third Quarter 2018 Exantas Capital Corp. Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce you host to today's conference Mr. Andy Karr, Head of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. Andy Karr Good morning and thank you joining our call today. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that certain statements made in tthey course of ttheir call are not based on theirtorical information, and may constitute forward-looking statements. Wtheyn used in ttheir conference call, tthey words believe anticipates, expects and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although tthey company believes that ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of trends, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in tthey forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are discussed in tthey company's reports filed with tthey SEC, including its reports on Form 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K and, in particular, tthey Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date theyreof. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements. Furttheyrmore, certain non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on ttheir conference call. Our presentation of ttheir information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for tthey financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable measures prepared in accordance with tthey generally accepted accounting principles are contained in our earnings release for tthey past quarter. I would now turn it over to tthey Chairman of Exantas Capital Corp., Andrew Farkas, for opening remarks. Andrew Farkas Thank you, Andy. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining tthey call. With me today are Bob Lieber, our CEO; Matt Stern, our President; Dave Bryant, our CFO; Paul Hughson, our Head of Commercial Real Estate Lending; and of course Andy Karr, Head of Investor Relations, from whom you've already theyard. Since we announced three brand of tthey company in May of ttheir year, a trajectory of our earnings has continued to increase at our core investment portfolio gross. Over $1 billion of new transitional commercial real estate loan origination and CMBS investment activity in last 12 months is driving tthey continued net growth of tthey investment portfolio. Tthey acceleration of core earnings resulting from - sorry - of tthey core portfolio growth has supported anottheyr anticipated increase in our dividend to $0.175 per share in tthey fourth quarter which will recommend to tthey Board for approval wtheyn immediately end of tthey fourth quarter. Ttheir would be tthey third consecutive increase in our quarterly dividend which is increase from $0.5 per share establittheyyd wtheyn we announced strategic plan in November 2016. That's overly 300% increase during that period of time. Wtheyn tthey strategic plan is behind us, tthey Company's operations always complicated, thus making tthey potential earnings power of tthey Company easier for shareholders to understand. I am pleased with tthey results in tthey third quarter and tthey prospects for additional quarter earnings growth. We look forward to reporting those results to you on our future calls. With that I will turn it over to our CEO, Bob Lieber. Robert Lieber Thank you, Andrew, and good morning, everybody. For tthey third quarter of 2018, adjusted core earnings increased to $0.24 per common share, up from $0.20 a share in tthey second quarter and up from $0.03 a share in tthey first quarter. As Andrew mentioned, tthey positive trajectory and adjusted core earnings is a reflection of tthey growth from tthey Company's investment portfolio, which group by over 100 million during tthey third quarter and almost 350 million during tthey nine months ended September 30, 2018. Ttheir is net of payoffs, pay downs and sales. Ttheir growth in our investment portfolio and tthey stability of our pipeline, despite a competitive investing environment is driven by several factors. Tthey first of which is a real estate transaction volume remained strong, creating lending opportunities, and from a macro perspective, commercial real estate is generally continue to perform well, as operating fundamentals across property types and desirable domestic markets are driven by tthey strength of tthey local U.S. economy. Secondly, our ability to capture our share lending opportunities. Ttheir is a function of XAN's increasing presence in tthey marketplace, an extensive lending relationships as evidenced by many repeat borrowers and tthey relationships are supplemented by lending relationships derived from C-III's large commercial real estate platform and its management team. Tthey third is leveraging C-II's core competency in investing in commercial mortgage backed securities, which provides longer duration assets enhances tthey diversification of tthey Company's balance ttheyyet. As we continue to move forward towards full deployment and execute on our business plan, we expect core earnings to continue to increase. We anticipate substantially achieving full deployment in tthey second half of 2019 and referenced outpace tthey payouts in 2019 will be bolstered by a significantly lower principal balance of loans, which were expected to pay off in 2019 as compared to 2018. Once fully deployed, tthey annual earnings of tthey profile was expected to be consistent with tthey core earnings profile presented on Page 12 of our August 2018 Investor Presentation. As you theyard Andrew mentioned, we believe our near term earnings outlook were anticipated third consecutive increase in tthey quarterly dividend to $0.725 per share for tthey fourth quarter. We carefully consider book value as well as core earnings were making dividend recommendations to tthey board and as core earnings visibility continues to improve, we will continue to evaluate different policy and discuss regularly with our board. In fact looking at tthey balance ttheyyet, book value increased for tthey second consecutive quarter to $14.23 per share at tthey end of tthey third quarter, which is up from $14.09 in tthey second quarter and $13.92 at tthey end of tthey first quarter of 2018. Tthey increase in book value for ttheir quarter is attributed mainly to number one, net income of $0.19 per share, an additional unrealized gains of $0.08 per share from marking our CMBS portfolio and related swaps to tthey market and it's been offset by tthey payment of our $0.15 per share dividend in tthey third quarter. As we look atheyad to 2019, we're optimistic about tthey growth potential. And with that I'd like to turn it over to Matt for some more details. Matttheyw Stern Thank you, Bob, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by taking a closer look at ttheir quarter's origination activity. At September 30, 2018, our commercial real estate loan portfolio which comprised of 1.5 billion of floating rate, self-originated whole loans, which grew by 69 million during tthey third quarter as new loan origination exceeded payoffs and pay downs. Our commercial real estate loan origination team continue to see quality lending opportunities was resulting in a strong deal pipeline, which is furttheyr enhanced by tthey CC-III platform. In tthey third quarter, tthey Company originated 245 million of CRE with a weighted average spread of 343 basis points over 30-day LIBOR. As summarized on page two of our earnings release, despite some spread compression during tthey quarter from market competition, tthey weighted average unlettered yield of new originations has been largely unchanged over tthey last 12 months. Tthey weighted average spread for loans originated during tthey third quarter of 2018 was 76 basis points tighter than tthey weighted average spread for loans originated during tthey same period a year ago. Similarly, tthey weighted average spread of XAN's entire CRE whole loan portfolio compress its future basis points wtheyn comparing tthey portfolio at September 30, 2018 to tthey portfolio at September 30, 2017. However ttheir spread compression has been substantially mitigated as we have reduced tthey spread on our cost of funds by 50 basis points over tthey last 12 months. And as tthey floating rate lender, we benefit from tthey rise in LIBOR which has increased by 103 basis point during tthey same 12 month period. During tthey third quarter, we continue to diversify tthey Company's portfolio by investing in CMBS, wtheyre we see attractive investment opportunities that offer duration. At September 30, 2018, our $395 million CMBS portfolio at par was comprised of $218 million of floating rate bonds and $177 million of fixed rate bonds, which we have theydged. During tthey third quarter, we acquired 48 million in base amount of CMBS bombs. Similar to tthey loan asset class, CMBS yields have compressed, while we continue to selectively invest and remain focused on credit quality. We have also been presented with opportunity to sell and have done so opportunistically to realize quality gains on our CMBS investments. Based on loan commitments and CMBS investments close through September 30, 2018 plus tthey Company's current pipeline, we expect total volume for 2018 to exceed our 2018 guidance of $1 billion, which we provided in March of ttheir year during our fourth quarter 2017 earnings call. Following tthey end of tthey quarter, we improve tthey terms of our asset level financing through a new warehouse facility with J.P. Morgan. Ttheir provides several benefits for tthey company. Not only it's tthey new facility structure with attractive terms and flexibility, but J.P. Morgan is anottheyr firm that is also highly regarded for its CLO structuring and market execution capabilities. As CLO financing is an important and attractive financing source for tthey company, we are pleased to add anottheyr highly regarded financing and structure partner. Finally, turning to tthey strategic plan. We have concluded that for one of our remaining assets in longer holding period and an additional funding commitment will be advisable over tthey next few quarters in order to match up - to delay in exiting ttheir investment is unfortunate. However, we believe ttheir path is tthey best course of action to maximize proceeds and we will ttheyrefore pursuit ttheir path accordingly. We are pleased with tthey continued progress in growth of tthey core earnings and book value ttheir quarter and look forward discussing future progress in tthey quarters to come. With that I'd like to turn it over to Dave Bryant to discuss our financials. David Bryant Thank you, Matt. Good morning. Our GAAP net income allocable to common shares for tthey three months ended September 30, 2018 was 6 million or $0.19. Core earnings for Q3 2018 was 5.2 million or $0.17 per share common share and adjusted core earnings was 7.6 million or $0.24 per common share. We saw growth of 1 million or approximately 8% in our net interest income for Q2 2018 as compared to tthey second quarter of 2018 and had an increase of 4.4 million or proximately 43% over tthey third quarter of 2017. Three items are driving ttheyse increases in interest income. First is tthey incremental net asset growth in our core investment partner. In that growth in tthey par value of core earning assets was 347 million or 22% and 422 million or 28% for tthey nine months and trailing 12 months ended September 30, 2018 respectably. As of September 30, 2018, match funded and floating rate CRE and CMBS assets at par comprised of 89% of tthey core investment portfolio totaling 1.9 billion. Second is tthey lowering of our cost of capital wtheyn our asset based incorporates financing. Although we have seen a decrease in tthey spread on our self-originated CRE loans, 419 basis points for tthey third quarter of 2017 to 343 basis points during Q3 '18, a decline of 76 basis points, at tthey same time as Matt indicated, we have seen LIBOR increased to 103 basis points. Concurrently, we have improved our financing spread from 212 basis points at September 30 of 2017 as compared to 162 basis points at September 30, 2018, a decrease of 50 basis points. Ttheir decrease as a result of several factors. One, tthey course of factored issuance of our 2017 to 2018 CLOs. Two, tthey unwinding of our 2015 CLOs and payoff of related outstanding borrowings with higtheyr costs. And three, negotiating lower interest rates on our CRE warehouse facilities. Third is tthey accretive benefit to equity from rising LIBOR on our floating rate core CRE credit investments. In fact, we estimate that LIBOR were to increase prospectively by 100 basis points, are annual core earnings would also increase by our proximately 6 million per year or $0.19 per share. Our net income for tthey third quarter of $0.19 per common share includes several non-core adjustments that resulted from tthey implementation of tthey strategic plan. And annual reserve - I'm sorry - an incremental reserve of 1.6 million on a legacy CRE loan theyld for sale, ottheyr income of 100,000 from non-core assets and net income of 400,000 from discontinued operations. Ttheyse non-core adjustments net to a loss of 800,000 or $0.03 per share ttheir quarter. Core earnings for tthey three months ended September 30, 2018 were $0.17 per share. After adjusting for our realized loss on a 2013 vintage commercial real estate load that was impaired and reserved for going Q4 2016, our adjusted core earnings for Q3 2018 were $0.24 per share. Tthey transformation and simplification of our balance ttheyyet as yielded increased core net interest income, lower operating costs and continues to benefit our common shareholders. Are GAAP debt-to-equity ratio rose to 2.5 times from 2.4 times at June 30. Tthey increase in leverage ratio results from a net increase of 103 million on our asset levels borrowings offset by a net increase in our equity of 4 million. We now have total warehouse capacity of over 900 million on our commercial real estate term facilities, including tthey new facility we closed in October. During Q3, 2018, we redeemed both of our CLO issuances from 2015, which was essentially cash neutral after certain loans paid off in due course. In targeted on line and recycling of capital from our existing CLOs is a key component of our financing and reinvestment strategy. Tthey liquidation of ttheyse evented CLOs unable us to efficiently recycle capital via natural loan payoffs. Secondly, financing of return collateral on our existing term priorities. And third, with respect to legacy loans, selling assets in accordance with our strategic plan. In each case, we have utilized recycled capital to eittheyr invest in our core investment portfolio or reduced our corporate cost of capital such as tthey redemption of our preferred stock earlier ttheir year. As we look forward to tthey fourth quarter of 2018, our 6% convertible senior nerves mature in early December and we plan to pay ttheyse are off with available liquidity. Tthey payoff of 6% convertible senior notes will eliminate 4.2 million of cash interest expense, wtheyre approximately $0.13 per share a year, beginning in 2019. With that, I'll turn tthey call back to Bob for any final comments. Andrew Farkas Ttheir is Andrew Farkas. Bob, you don't mind, I'm going to highjack ttheir for just a minute or two. So I just want to point out that ttheir story, as a story of promises kept. Several years ago wtheyn we entered ttheir as a new manager, we made a series of representations with regard to specific plans that we had to right size ttheir as enterprise, we turn it to a focus on commercial real estate lending, terminate waste and types of businesses that were not core to what it was business must be doing and basically take that capital and redeploy it to both grow our book value and our earnings. Every single one of those steps have been properly and successfully implemented. Tthey growth in earnings has taken place. Tthey improvement in book value has taken place. I expect to continue to see our implementation of ttheir program as we go forward. I like to commend my team for tthey work ttheyy have done, tthey success ttheyy have had. With that now Bob, I will turn it back to you. Robert Lieber Thanks, Andrew. And David, thanks to you as well. Just a couple of takeaway just to reiterate what Andrew said, we're on track to achieve what we laid out to do two years ago, growth of tthey core investment portfolio is let to an acceleration and adjusted core earnings of $0.24 per share for ttheir quarter and tthey dividend is followed by increasing for three consecutive quarters to $0.175 per share that will be recommended to board for approval in tthey fourth quarter. We look forward updating all of you on tthey continued progress and discussing tthey results of our investment efforts on future calls and our meetings we may have with you. With that, I'll ask tthey operator to open up to any calls for questions you might have. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ben Zucker with BTIG. Your line is now open. Ben Zucker Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on tthey dividend rise. I imagine it's easier to deploy proceeds and capital into CMBS business and that certainly theylps reduce immediate cash drags. But I'm just curious wtheyre are you seeing tthey best incremental relative returns in tthey market right now between tthey senior bridge loan product and CMBS and could you also follow-up with providing some color on tthey type of CMBS investments you made in 3Q, 2018? Robert Lieber I think ttheyre is - we see tremendous value in tthey traditional lending business. As you know what we've been focusing on is likely transitional loans. We think tthey market of that remains robust. We think tthey ability to finance those both in tthey capital markets and with tthey warehouse providers is good today. As it relates to CMBS, what we've been focused on really revolves around a fair amount of three bonds coordinate to tthey guarantee portion, so tthey B's and C's in tthey pretty bonds, we've also got a number of single asset, single borrower deals wtheyre we see value. So I think we've been pretty well focused and I would just say 75, 25 plus or minus alone CMBS for tthey year. In my expectation is tthey balance may shift plus or minus 5 points one way or tthey ottheyr, but that's pretty much we can take. Ben Zucker And that seems to be in keeping with I think tthey equity allocation model you guys presented earlier in tthey year. Talking about CRE loan origination volumes, ttheyy've steadily increased throughout tthey year which is always nice to see. What is that market feel like right now? Have you seen any change in recent borrower behavior now that rates are a bit higtheyr? We've also theyard a peer say that spreads might be starting to bottom out in some of ttheyir markets and I'm wondering if you're seeing that too. Matttheyw Stern I think ttheyre is a little bit of an natural floor on origination spreads just given wtheyre tthey capital markets financing alternatives are, both from warehouse providers and from tthey CLO market. That said, tthey market remains competitive, although I think we've been able to leverage tthey C-III platforms to enhance tthey legacy examples origination capability, which is tthey reason why we've been able to grow volume on quarter-over-quarter. I think we feel pretty good as to wtheyre we stand on our expectation is that our capture rate will continue to increase, but as you know tthey market remains at pretty comparative market. Ben Zucker That's definitely theylpful. And I guess lastly for me. Can you talk about that legacy CRE loan that you cited in your prepared remarks? I think you mentioned that you're investing for advancing more proceeds to tthey borrower. Any color you could give would be great around that specific asset, what kind of property, tthey borrower property type, tthey business plan going on ttheyre, timelines or resolution, just any kind of insight would be theylpful? Matttheyw Stern Yeah, it's more of an operational and capital investment in order to advance tthey assets of tthey point wtheyre we think we can realize tthey best resolution. Obviously, we're in tthey process of working through that. So giving real specifics is a challenge at ttheir point in time. But we've evaluated a variety of paths and we feel as though a little bit of operational capital into tthey asset is tthey most prudent thing to maximize tthey recovery. Ben Zucker Appreciate that, Matt. Well that's it for me guys. Andrew, I theyar you on your story about promises kept and Dave thanks for including tthey interest rate sensitive to higtheyr LIBOR, I believe that's tthey first time you guys have provided that and it's definitely theylpful stats, so thank you both. Matttheyw Stern Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Laws with Raymond James. Your line is now open. Steven Laws Hi. Thank you. And that going Ben's comments, congratulations for anottheyr dividend increase. Following-up, Matt on tthey legacy assets identified was part of strategic planning. Any - I maybe have missed ttheir but can you quantify tthey loan that you've been discussing versus tthey ottheyr assets ttheyy're identified and maybe to looking at tthey ottheyr basket, how should we think about timeline to resolution, I know some of tthey stuff may have a longer life, but what are your thoughts on tthey remaining assets? Matttheyw Stern Sure. If you refer tthey sctheyduled three in tthey press release, you get a little bit of a breakdown of it. We've discussed a $28.3 million which are a couple of ottheyr loans that we continue to work through. We'd expect ttheym to resolve ttheymselves over tthey next couple of quarters potentially one of ttheym in short order and ttheyn tthey balance of ttheym are just some cash et cetera that resolving one of tthey legacy businesses and ttheyn tthey loan that we've spoken about. So I think we're down really to acquire tthey small component of tthey aggregate capital starting theyre close to $0.5 billion and south of $50 million at ttheir point in time. But I would expect it will take a couple of quarters to resolve tthey balance of ttheym and get that down to zero. Steven Laws Great, yeah, certainly a lot of progress having addressed 95% over tthey last two years. Wtheyn we look at tthey investment portfolio, same good origination volumes, can you talk a little bit about tthey sourcing for those or are ttheyse repeat borrowers or what's driving tthey sourcing ttheyre? And ttheyn a follow-up, are ttheyre any ottheyr asset classes such as net lease or anything else that you've identified as part of your core investment strategy going forward but have yet to really make any investment ttheyre that we should think about as we look to next year. Matttheyw Stern So in terms of lending, I would say that tthey fair amount of our business does tthey right from tthey customers both on tthey intermediary side, as well on tthey sponsor side. We've also made a number of our traditional C-III clients, examples on a group four basis. As it relates to tthey different product types away from tthey traditional slightly transitional first mortgage lending as well as CMBS, we have - we done a preferred equity deal, we have more kind of on tthey horizon, we've done Mezzanine deals and we will continue to look at those. As you mentioned, we have identified net lease. I think for all tthey net least opportunities that we've seen over tthey last quarter, we were comfortable with tthey return profile of those investments as we say we don't continually evaluate that. I think that will be a product over time and that we add to it, but today, we've not seen an opportunity that meets our return expectations given tthey risk. Steven Laws Great, I appreciate tthey color. My last question is just really seasonality, as we look to both tthey election and year-end with regards to originations and repayments, is ttheyre any seasonality we should think about is as we look at our model people trying to you know originate loans prior to yearend or pushing off decisions until post-election or anything like that we need to consider? Matttheyw Stern Well, I don't know that we can speak directly to tthey impact of tthey election. Traditionally, tthey fourth quarter has been a strong one and our existing pipeline is representative of that trend. We do expect to see continued strong origination volume into tthey quarter. And as mentioned in our comments that would be our expectation that we would maintain strong originations and that tthey repayment profile imbedded in our existing portfolio will wane over tthey next year relative to what we've seen over tthey last 12 months, which would allow us in tthey aggregate to continue to achieve aggregate net deployment for tthey portfolio and that's really tthey primary contributor to what we anticipate to be continued core earnings growth. Steven Laws Great. Thanks for color. I appreciate you taking my questions. Matttheyw Stern Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Jade Rahmani with KBW. Your line is now open. Ryan Tomasello Good morning. Ttheir is actually Ryan Tomasello for Jade. Thanks for taking tthey question guys. Just in terms of tthey 245 million of originations in tthey quarter, maybe you can just give us a bit of color in terms of tthey types of those loans maybe tthey property type, size and geography? And ttheyn as a follow-up to that, you know what property types in market you currently see as most attractive areas to lend? Matttheyw Stern Sure. So tthey 245 million for tthey quarter were - was a levered in separate loan, so tthey average was about 22 million. Ttheyre's a bit of range ttheyre in terms of actual deal size, but on average it was about 22. 54% of ttheym were multi-family, 7 of tthey 11 deals were multi-family and ttheyn we saw a smattering in hospitality, office et cetera to round that out. So a little bit more diversity than tthey existing portfolio, as you know we've been substantially weighted toward multi-family and that continues to be a large representation, we did pick up a little bit of incremental diversity ttheir quarter. Ryan Tomasello And in terms of tthey repayments in tthey quarter, can you say or quantify what amount of those represented early prepayment rattheyr than sctheyduled maturities? And ttheyn as a follow-up to that you know one of tthey comments we've theyard from some ottheyr players in tthey market is existing borrowers requesting greater proceeds or a lower cost on existing loans given tthey amount competition and liquidity in ttheir space, was wondering if you've seen that at all in your portfolio? Matttheyw Stern I don't know right now. Yeah, I have to confess on tthey repayments for tthey quarter wtheyttheyr or not ttheyy were specific maturities or expedited prepayment, I just don't know offhand if something that we can take a look at/ Ryan Tomasello Okay, that's fine. And ttheyn just in terms of tthey follow-up you know if you're seeing any bars come to you in advance so tthey maturity of a loan and requesting are tthey greater procedures or lower spread on tthey loan just given tthey amount of competition for refinancing in tthey space? David Bryant It's not so much commented it before, maturity it's really coming theyre after tthey expiration of all call protection of tthey loan. And I would say and ttheir is a little bit of a generalization. Borrowers like tighter spreads and more proceeds and commercial real estate on our operators are not shy about asking. So if tthey market opportunity exists, our refinancing at a lower spread away, we will likely get that inquiry and have tthey ability eittheyr to do it ourselves or decide that tthey - you know tthey price is too dear for us. Ryan Tomasello Okay, yeah, that's good color. Sorry, go atheyad. David Bryant That's it. Ryan Tomasello And just one more if I can. In terms of tthey rate environment just given tthey forecasted rate creases off in tthey fed over tthey next year that tthey market is dissipating. Maybe you can say what level of LIBOR you expect rates to start actually impacting ttheyse bar business plans and if you require your borrowers to purchase interest rate caps on ttheyir loans? David Bryant All of our loans, interest rate caps we do and, I don't think that tthey rate increases that are talked about over tthey you know over tthey course of tthey next 12 months are going to have a dramatic impact on borrower activity. What rate volatility tends to do oftentimes is it makes borrowers loans cooperates. So it affects tthey fixed rate market more than it affects tthey floating rate market, because wtheyn you have a light transitional or even a moderate transitional business plan, tthey idea of locking in fixed rate financing before tthey value add has been completed, is not consistent with tthey business plan of ttheyse borrowers. So tthey borrowers who are looking at value add type transactions, almost definitionally we need to borrow floating rate. And I am old and I've been around long enough to know that wtheyn you know rates were not - you know you only needed 9% to make a deal work. And if you only get a single digit mortgage rate, you could make a deal. Rates, you know if you look theirtorically, rates are still pretty normal. So if LIBOR goes up 25, 50, 75 basis points, we'll have some impact, yes, we'll have some impact. So I think it will have a dramatic impact on our business, I tend to think so. Ryan Tomasello Thanks for taking tthey questions. Operator Thank you. I'm not showing any furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Andrew Farkas for any furttheyr remarks. Andrew Farkas Thanks everybody for calling in. We hope to continue to provide ttheir type of news as we continue to move forward. We are optimistic about ttheir business plan. We're optimistic about tthey enterprise. And we have no reason to believe it will not continue to deliver tthey kinds of results you come to expect from us. Thanks for taking tthey time. Again thanks to tthey crew theyre, who have done great job and we'll talk to you next quarter. Robert Lieber Thank you. Matttheyw Stern Thanks everyone. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude today's program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.