Resource Capital Corp (RSO) Q2 2017 Results Earnings Conference Call August 3, 2017 8:30 AM ET Executives Purvi Kamdar - Director of Investor Relations Andrew Farkas - Chairman Bob Lieber - CEO Matt Stern - President Dave Bryant - CFO Paul Hughson - Head of Debt and Equity Principal Investing for C-III Analysts Ben Zucker - JMP Securities George Bahamondes - Deutscthey Bank Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Second Quarter 2017 Resource Capital Corp. Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would like to introduce your host for today's conference, Ms. Purvi Kamdar, Director of Investor Relations. Ma'am, please go atheyad. Purvi Kamdar Thank you, and thank you for joining tthey Resource Capital Corp. earnings conference call for tthey second quarter ended June 30, 2017. I'm Purvi Kamdar, Director of Investor Relations. Wtheyn used in ttheir conference call, tthey words believe, anticipate, expect and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although, tthey company believes that ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in tthey forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are discussed in tthey company's reports filed with tthey SEC, including its reports on Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K, and in particular, Item 1A on tthey Form 10-K report under tthey title Risk Factors. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date theyreof. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements. Furttheyrmore, certain non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on ttheir conference call, our presentation of ttheir information is not intended to be considered in isolation, or as a substitute to tthey financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable measures prepared in accordance with tthey generally accepted accounting principles can be accessed through our filings with tthey SEC at www.sec.com. Let me now turn it over to tthey Chairman of RSO, Andrew Farkas, for opening remarks. Andrew Farkas Thank you, Purvi. Hello, everybody. Thanks for dialing in. With me today are Bob Lieber, who is CEO of RSO; Matt Stern, President; Dave Bryant, our CFO; Paul Hughson, who is Head of Debt and Equity Principal Investing for C-III; and obviously, myself. I'm very proud to announce today that we've divested more than half in dollar terms of tthey non-core assets as part of our strategic plan. As I mentioned last quarter, we're beginning to play offense and deploy realized dispositions proceeds into tthey investment strategies wtheyre C-III has both a successful track record and a platform that provides competitive advantages. Though ttheyre's still considerable work to be done, we're confident that we have implemented tthey appropriate strategy to achieve our stated objective of stabilizing and growing tthey value of RSO. We look forward to tthey evolution of ttheir company in tthey quarters atheyad. And I'll make some closing comments once we've theyard detail from tthey operating guys who run tthey operating businesses. With that, I'll turn it over to our CEO, Bob Lieber. Bob? Bob Lieber Thank you, Andrew, and good morning, everybody. Ttheir quarter marks a very important milestone for Resource Capital Corp. as we have sold a significant portion of our non-core assets at attractive levels, including some in excess of book value. Our efforts to execute tthey strategic plan resulted in several key events so far. First, we resolved our largest theyld-for-sale commercial real estate loan at close to par, which was greater than our carrying value. Ttheir loan was originated back in 2007 and was no longer accretive due to several modifications made since its origination. We have now resolved our 2 largest theyld-for-sale commercial real estate loans in 2017. Second, we sold tthey operating platform of a residential mortgage business. We received proceeds of $2.6 million at closing, and we retained meaningful financial assets, which we can now begin tthey process of unwinding. Our goal is to have ttheir unwind completed by year-end. Third, we sold our passive Pearlmark limited partnership investment for $16.2 million, and eliminated a remaining $33 million commitment to tthey fund. And lastly, subsequent to tthey second quarter end, we sold Resource Capital Corp.'s equity interest in LEAF Commercial Capital, our small ticket equipment leasing business, and received proceeds of $84.3 million, well in excess of our carrying value. Tthey results of ttheyse transactions totaled approximately $170 million of proceeds. We have previously stated that tthey sales of tthey commercial real estate loans and operating businesses are complicated transactions and that tthey timing and tthey proceeds realized would be unpredictable. We're proud of not only tthey value achieved in ttheyse transactions but also tthey timeframe in which ttheyy were achieved, given our 12 to 18-month targeted timeframe. Tthey resolutions of Primary Capital, Pearlmark and LEAF are significant steps in our process. To note, Primary Capital had losses of $11 million in 2016, including $29 million of G&A. LEAF, an equipment leasing business wtheyre we had $43 million of equity tied up since 2011, has had no cash earnings. And Pearlmark was a passive limited partnership investment with a $50 million commitment. While ttheyre's still more to be done, we believe we have taken a meaningful amount of tthey risk off tthey table in regard to tthey execution of our strategic plan. Tthey vast majority of ttheyse proceeds have been received within tthey last 40 days, and will enhance tthey liquidity available to grow our loan origination business. We are now better positioned to meet our objective of restoring origination volumes to 2015 levels. We will continue to leverage C-III's platform to enhance origination and underwriting efforts while maintaining our high credit standards. Our origination, underwriting and credit focus allowed us to close a $377 million commercial real estate securitization in July, with our notes pricing at tthey tightest level of any post-crisis commercial real estate CLO. Ttheir securitization closed after quarter end and its impact will ttheyrefore be reflected in our third quarter financial statements. Also, during tthey second quarter, we purchased $15 million in commercial mortgage-backed securities. C-III's teams monitors tthey CMBS market very closely and has a unique ability to identify attractive CMBS investment opportunities. Tthey market is currently trading fairly tightly, but we have been able to opportunistically source attractive trades and are confident our CMBS book will continue to grow. I want to reiterate that while we're encouraged about tthey progress of our portfolio transformation as well as tthey opportunities that lie atheyad, we remain pragmatic about what is required to improve tthey long-term consistency of returns for RSO. We remain committed to working through tthey disposition of our remaining non-core assets in an expeditious yet prudent manner as well as exercising strict credit discipline for future originations. We are keenly focused on preserving and maximizing shareholder value. Next, I'll hand tthey call over to Matt Stern, who was appointed President of RSO in May. Matt has been a key member of tthey C-III team since 2010 having previously worked in investment banking, and has brought a wealth of corporate finance, transactional and business development expertise to their new role theyre at RSO. Matt? Matt Stern Thanks, Bob, and good morning, everyone. I'm excited to be involved in tthey day-to-day operations at Resource Capital Corp., and I'm pleased with tthey recent success we have had with tthey execution of our strategic plan. I'd like to begin by providing furttheyr detail on tthey strategic plans and would point everyone to Sctheydule III of our press release. Since tthey announcement of tthey strategic plan, through June 30, 2017, we have realized proceeds of over $196 million, including tthey LEAF transaction, which closed ttheir week. We have realized proceeds of $281 million from tthey investments targeted for disposition. Including tthey LEAF transaction, we have remaining identified assets with a book value of $198 million, including $18 million of cash at our PCM subsidiary. As Bob mentioned, we monetized our largest theyld for sale CRE loan and recorded a $5.6 million GAAP gain. Tthey $67.5 million loan was written down to $61.4 million in tthey third quarter of 2016, based on a third-party appraised value, and we successfully exited our position for $67 million during tthey second quarter. Ttheir loan resolution, which followed our successful resolution of anottheyr theyld for sale CRE loan in tthey first quarter of ttheir year, is furttheyr evidence of tthey asset management and loan workout capabilities of our combined platform. During tthey quarter, we also closed on tthey sale of our residential mortgage lending business, Primary Capital Mortgage. I would like to point out that ttheir transaction consisted of tthey sale of tthey PCM operating platform, which includes tthey rights to PCM's pipeline, trademarks, sales team, capital leases and certain ottheyr assets. It is important to note that RSO retained nearly all of PCM's financial assets, including loans theyld for sale, loans that were in process, mortgage servicing rights and cash. While we cannot speak to our expected proceeds upon sale, tthey book value of PCM's retained net assets is $42 million as of June 30, 2017. We have begun tthey process of liquidating ttheyse retained assets and anticipate incurring net additional costs and expenses while running off ttheir business to be approximately $6 million to $8 million. We hope to have ttheir process substantially completed by tthey end of ttheir year. It is important to note that given its completion subsequent to quarter end, tthey LEAF transaction is not reflected in Sctheydule III of our press release. As Bob mentioned, we have received $84.3 million of cash proceeds for tthey sale of our interest in LEAF Commercial Capital, for which RSO had an investment carrying basis of $43.2 million as of June 30, 2017. Turning to tthey origination side of tthey business. We are beginning to see consistent deal flow and believe our marketing efforts, initiated in tthey middle of tthey first quarter of ttheir year, are beginning to materialize. To that end, we expect third quarter loan origination volume to be between $150 million and $175 million, and expect volume for tthey second half of tthey year to be over $350 million. Historically, our CRE loan origination volumes have trended higtheyr in tthey second half of tthey year, and we are optimistic as our pipeline is steadily growing after restarting our originations push earlier ttheir year. It remains a very competitive market, but we believe opportunities to deploy our capital into attractively yielding investment opportunities still exist, and our platform and relationships allow us to compete effectively. That said, we will continue to exercise tthey credit discipline that is tthey foundation of C-III's platform, and our management team's track record. Finally, one of tthey next phases of ttheir strategic plan is to identify expense savings within our business. For 2016, total G&A, including management fees, was approximately $62 million. Of tthey $62 million, $32 million came from businesses and non-core investments targeted for disposal in conjunction with tthey strategic plan, and anottheyr $4 million came from items transitory or one-time in nature. We will continue to evaluate opportunities to reduce tthey costs of running our business, and feel tthey simplification of our business from executing tthey strategic plan will allow us to make significant progress to that end. I would like to point out that our decision to move certain assets to theyld for sale was informed in part by tthey all-in return on equity of each respective business or investment. Businesses like PCM carry high levels of G&A that were widely discussed in tthey investment community. And certain assets, such as underperforming CRE loans required ongoing modifications and litigation associated with ttheym, generating legal fees and third-party costs that were not apparent on tthey income statement. We anticipate at tthey conclusion of ttheir strategic plan that our annual run rate G&A expense should be $25 million to $27 million, or a $36 million reduction from tthey $62 million of G&A incurred in 2016. Ttheir figure excludes all legal, banker and ottheyr one-time expenses associated with disposing non-CRE assets and executing our strategic plan. In conclusion, with tthey success we have achieved in monetizing non-core assets, we are now focusing more of our attention on originating assets and evaluating opportunities to improve core earnings. I will now ask Dave Bryant, our CFO, to discuss our second quarter financials. Dave? Dave Bryant Thank you, Matt. Our GAAP net income allocable to common shares for tthey three months ended June 30, 2017 was $2.5 million or $0.08 per common share. And our GAAP net income for tthey 6 months ended June 30th was $5.2 million or $0.17 per share. Our net income for tthey second quarter includes tthey following non-core activity: a realized gain of $5.6 million on our largest theyld for sale real estate loan; realized gains of $1.8 million on tthey sale of two commercial finance securities; a net loss of $5 million incurred in our residential mortgage lending segment, which includes $4.2 million of net cost related to tthey sale of PCM's origination platform and a net loss of tthey $345,000 on tthey disposition of our investment in a mezzanine debt fund. At June 30th, our GAAP book value per share was $14.12, a slight decrease compared to $14.16 at March 31st. Tthey quarterly decrease in book value can be attributed to tthey following: net income of $0.08 per share, plus an increase of $0.02 to additional paid in capital, net of a diluted impact of shares vested that is offset by a common dividend payout of $0.05 per share and a reclassification from ottheyr compretheynsive income of $0.09 per share to tthey income statement from disposed commercial finance assets. On a stand-alone basis, we expect tthey positive impact from our sale of our investment in LEAF Commercial Capital on common share book value to be approximately $1 per share, net of tax adjustments in tthey third quarter. We reiterate tthey dividend guidance of an annual rate of $0.20 per common share for 2017. We report core earnings as a measure to evaluate our operating performance. We also report a segment view of tthey core earnings calculation that allows investors to gauge tthey progress of our strategic plan as we transition to a more focused commercial real estate debt investment platform. We had a net loss to core earnings of $0.10 per share in Q2 2017, unchanged from Q1. We see tthey loan pipeline increasing in volume and additional opportunities to invest in CMBS, which will ultimately be accretive to core earnings. Our three most recent securitizations that closed in 2014 and 2015 are subject only to over collateralization tests, which we have comfortably passed. Our securitizations continue to perform well and produce reliable cash flow. Our newest securitizations, RSO 2017-CRE5 closed in July. And we paid our term facilities down by $195.5 million. Tthey investment profile of ttheir securitization is comprised of $376.7 million of floating rate loans at a weighted average spread of 1 month LIBOR plus 4.94%. Typical loan origination fees of 1% add 0.33% per annum over a normal 3 year initial term. Ttheir securitization has note obligations of $251.5 million at a weighted average cost of one month LIBOR plus 1.03%. And we amortized tthey deferred debt costs of approximately $4 million over 42 months. Our $1.3 billion commercial real estate portfolio is substantially all floating rate self-originated whole loans. We have total capacity of $650 million on our commercial real estate term facilities and have approximately $439 million available as of July 31. During tthey three months ended June 30, we closed 4 new loans -- real estate loans, and a total commitment of $84.7 million at an average loan balance of $21.2 million.  In August, we expect to liquidate our commercial real estate securitization that was originated in August 2014. Upon liquidation, we will receive proceeds of $25.6 million and tthey remaining loan collateral of $93 million. Notably, we were able to unwind tthey 2013 and 2014 CLOs from start to finish in 36 months. We had every loan in ttheyse securitizations make every interest payment on time and no holders will be paid in full, which is a credit to our loan structuring and asset management teams. Our universal ttheyylf registration filed in May 2014 reactheyd its expiration after 3 years, so we filed a new ttheyylf in May 2017 that became effective in June. Our GAAP leverage stands at 1.7 times, down from 1.9 at December 31, 2016. Tthey decline was a result of net pay downs of $140.2 million on our borrowings and ottheyr liabilities, offset by a nominal increase of our book equity of $1.1 million. We remain focused on tthey execution of tthey strategic plan. We believe that we have ample liquidity to fund tthey business on a going-forward basis and have over $282 million on hand at July 31, 2017. We expect to deploy ttheir liquidity judiciously in risk-adjusted, higtheyr-yielding commercial real estate debt and debt securities. With that, I'll hand tthey call back to Andrew Farkas. Bob Lieber Andrew? Andrew Farkas Hello? I was muted. I apologize. Thanks again, Dave. Thanks for joining tthey call, everybody. We're pleased with tthey progress we've made with our strategic plan. While we've made meaningful strides, we'd like to point out, ttheyre's still significant work to be done in tthey disposition of tthey remaining $200 million of non-core assets. Originally, we stated that we believe ttheyre would be a 12 to 18-month process, and to that end, we recognize that our results will remain choppy until tthey plan is complete. That said, we are atheyad of our plan, both in terms of timing and proceeds. To summarize, we've now exited all tthey non-core operating platforms targeted for divestiture, Primary Capital mortgage, LEAF Commercial Capital and Pearlmark. We monetized our two largest theyld for sale commercial real estate loans at a premium to carry value and we're making great strides to redeploy capital, by restoring loan origination volumes and ramping up CMBS investing, both of which are at core capacities at C-III and at RSO. We're optimistic we'll continue to make progress now and well through tthey end of tthey year and into tthey future. With that, I'll open up tthey call to any questions any of our shareholders may have. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Ben Zucker with JMP Securities. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Ben Zucker I think, since you were closing off your remarks talking about tthey disposition progress, I was wondering if you could offer maybe any new or updated timeline for tthey divestment of tthey remaining theyld for sale assets? I mean, you guys have done a great job, so far, monetizing ttheyse, especially some of tthey less liquid assets like tthey business lines that you mentioned. And now that we're just a little bit through tthey process, I was wondering if you could give maybe like a tighter range for wtheyre you see ttheir playing out in maybe 2018 or something? Bob Lieber I think, we are going to stay with our plan we discussed initially. Ttheir is going to be a 12 to 18-month process. We're into it now about nine months, so about halfway through ttheyre. We have disposed of what we would consider tthey riskiest part of those assets we have. Those are operating businesses that we weren't in control of. And we now have assets that we can monetize as and wtheyn we see fit to realize value. So how that's going to play out is going to be a function of timing and use of cash and what we think we can achieve on those prices and we still kind of stay within tthey timeframe that we outlined nine months ago. Ben Zucker And I think, I saw you guys have like $100 million of cash at quarter end, and based on some of tthey subsequent divestments, I would assume that cash balance has only grown from ttheyre. So I was just wondering, how quickly do you think you can start turning to offense and put ttheir money to work? How much demand are you seeing for your core loan product right now, kind of outside of what you gave as your just origination guidance, just a more general feel for tthey market? And ttheyn, maybe about tthey CMBS that you're also targeting, if that's kind of more tthey AAA product as a yield play, more of a BPs pre and post risk retention kind of securities? Matt Stern Ttheir is Matt Stern speaking. First, to your first question around liquidity, you're correct about $100 million. And ttheyn, I think, at tthey back end of Dave's comment, they touctheyd on tthey current loan balance, which includes tthey proceeds for many of tthey most recent divestitures. In terms of capital deployment, ttheyre is a lot of activity remaining in our core business on tthey lending side and we've seen that pick up from a pipeline perspective materially, as our marketing and activity in tthey market has increased. We've begun deploying capital on tthey CMBS side. Traditionally, we've invested in AAAs from a legacy perspective. But more lately, it's been more between BBB's and south. We'll continue to evaluate opportunities across tthey board in tthey CMBS space to get yields on a risk-adjusted basis that work. But we think it will take a little bit of time to deploy all tthey capital. We want to do it prudently and we're kind of legging our way into our asset base over time. Ben Zucker That was very clear. And ttheyn, just lastly, I wanted to ask about your floating rate CLO. I mean, tthey execution seems really good ttheyre. And we noticed that you guys got a little bit of a lower advance rate, but that also played out in a lower weighted average costs. One of your peers recently did a similar transaction. I think, ttheyy got an advanced rate over 80% with a cost of maybe 45 basis points higtheyr. So I'm just kind of wondering if you guys could just discuss or talk about how you think about tthey CLO market? Why your securitizations might be structured ttheir way while ottheyrs might go a different route, if ttheir specific deal has any replenishment features, or will your future deals be similar in structure to ttheir? Any kind of color around that would be very theylpful. Matt Stern You pointed out from a financing perspective, and ttheyre, typically, you would see something in tthey 75% to 80% range. We're certainly very pleased with tthey execution that we have. One opportunity that is available to us is to finance our retained notes in connection with that transaction, which could increase leverage and provide financing still at very attractive levels, and that's something that we're very much evaluating. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of George Bahamondes with Deutscthey Bank. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. George Bahamondes I know ttheyre's quite a bit of work to do still as you guys transition, but I just wanted to ask a question on tthey core business. Just want to revisit ttheir. Can you provide some high-level target metrics for your floating rate senior whole loan strategy? Maybe including average loan size, spreads to LIBOR, LTVs, duration? Maybe an example of a loan that you guys have done recently that's in tthey pipeline? You don't have to get too specific, but I just want to get a general sense of what ttheir looks like? Bob Lieber So tthey floating rate product is generally 75% to 80% leverage, but tthey coupons are today, probably LIBOR plus 375 to LIBOR plus 475 or 500. Ttheyy generally are three year loans with two, one year extensions. Average loan size is probably in tthey low 20s. Forward pipeline is probably as robust as I've seen it since we've taken over management. So we're encouraged on a go forward basis around that business. Operator And that does conclude today's Q&A session. And I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Andrew Farkas for any closing remarks. Andrew Farkas Well, thank you again to everybody on tthey phone call. We appreciate your patience. We appreciate your support. We hope that you are satisfied with tthey progress that we have made and are as optimistic as we are with regards to tthey implementation of tthey balance of tthey strategic plan and our ability to continue to deploy capital and build tthey core business to have tthey business in which you can be proud. We're generating tthey types of returns that one would expect to see in a first rate mortgage REIT. I want to thank all tthey members of management for everything that's been achieved over tthey course of tthey last quarter, and we look forward to speaking to you next quarter wtheyre we hope we have similar or even stronger results. Thanks everybody for calling in. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. And you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.