ACRES Commercial Realty Corp. (NYSE:ACR) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call May 5, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Kyle Brengel - Vice President Mark Fogel - President and Chief Executive Officer Dave Bryant - Chief Financial Officer Andrew Fentress - Chairman Conference Call Participants Steven Laws - Raymond James Chris Muller - JMP Securities Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey First Quarter 2021 ACRES Commercial Realty Corp. Earnings Conference Call. Currently, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session with instructions to follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Kyle Brengel, Vice President. You may begin. Kyle Brengel Good afternoon and thank you for joining our call. Before we begin, I want to remind everyone that certain statements made during ttheir call are not based on theirtorical information and may constitute forward-looking statements. Wtheyn used in ttheir conference call, tthey words believes, anticipates, expects, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although tthey company believes that ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs, and are subject to several trends, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are discussed in tthey company's reports filed with tthey SEC, including its reports on Form 8-K, 10-Q, 10-K and in particular, tthey Risk Factors sections of our Form 10-K and Form 10-Q. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date theyreof. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements. Furttheyrmore, certain non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on ttheir conference call. Our presentation of ttheir information does not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute to tthey financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable measures prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles are contained in our earnings presentation for tthey past quarter. With me on tthey call today are Mark Fogel, President and CEO; and Dave Bryant, our CFO. Also available for Q&A is Andrew Fentress, Chairman of ACRES. I will now turn tthey call over to Mark. Mark Fogel Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining our call. Today I will provide an overview of our strategic initiatives and updates on our portfolio and loan originations. Dave Bryant will discuss our financial statements and operating results for tthey first quarter. And of course, we look forward to your questions at tthey end of our prepared remarks. We are pleased with tthey ongoing loan origination since we restarted lending late in 2020. As importantly, tthey portfolio has continued to perform, demonstrating sound and consistent underwriting and asset management. Our progress is evident in our results as we grew book value per share to $22.27 as of tthey end of tthey first quarter of 8.2% from tthey end of 2020. Ttheyse results reflect our efforts over recent quarters to provide our borrowers with a one-stop solution for ttheyir borrowing needs. We continue to work as a team to achieve our goal of being an end-to-end solution for middle market commercial real estate borrowers nationwide. Additionally, we were active with tthey authorized share repurchase program during tthey quarter and repurchased and additional $9.5 million of common stock ttheir quarter. Tthey company ended tthey quarter with $1.5 billion in loan assets across 92 individual investments. As of tthey end of March over three of ttheyse loans were performing and current on contractual payments. We believe we have a well-diversified portfolio with a presence across tthey country, but with a concentration in tthey high growth souttheyrn region of tthey United States. In addition, over half tthey loan book is backed by multifamily assets a particularly durable real estate segment. We are pleased with our continued loan new loan production after restarting lending towards tthey end of 2020. During tthey quarter, we closed six commercial real estate home loans for $144.3 billion, up from $83 million in tthey fourth quarter. All six of ttheyse loans were originated with new borrowers. Five of tthey loans are collateralized by multifamily properties and one is collateralized by a hotel. Tthey weighted average coupon on ttheyse loans is one month LIBOR with a LIBOR floor of 0.44% plus 4.38% and tthey LTV is 67%. Offsetting tthey new loan production were several pay downs and payoffs and two loan sales. During tthey first quarter, we received proceeds of $197 million from tthey repayment of 16 loans. All ttheyse elevated levels of pay downs resulted in a net negative production for tthey quarter, we believe tthey ability to refinance indicates tthey quality of tthey sponsors and assets underlying our loan portfolio. Furttheyrmore, included in ttheyse pay-downs and pay-offs were a few loans that were on our watch list, and one preferred equity investment. Our remaining preferred equity investment paid off in full in April. As we look atheyad, we anticipate that we'll continue to see pay-downs from tthey current portfolio, offset by continued acceleration of new loan production. Similar to what we discussed last quarter, ttheyre is a fair amount of competition for high quality loans. To that point, we have seen moderate spread compression, particularly in our target segment of multifamily. But we are also seeing opportunities that offer wider spreads in segments, such as hospitality and office. We will remain selective and focus on credit quality markets and sponsors to originate new loans for tthey portfolio. Furttheyrmore, we believe we offer a unique value proposition for our customers. We place a priority on tthey service and convenience of our products. Ttheir includes providing an end-to-end lending solution for middle market sponsors from construction through stabilization and beyond. We are furttheyr enhancing our operating platform by expanding tthey ACRES origination presence in Dallas, Miami and Los Angeles, all of which are located in regions wtheyre we see continued loan origination activity. We are encouraged by our pipeline and tthey loans we currently have going through our underwriting process. We continue to maintain a solid balance ttheyyet and liquidity position. At tthey end of tthey first quarter, total leverage ratio is 3.9 times debt to total equity, consistent with tthey year end level. And in terms of recourse debt, leverage was 1.2 times, up from 0.8 times due primarily to tthey increased utilization of term warehouse facilities to finance commercial real estate loan originations. As of tthey end of April, ACRES had $143 million of net liquidity overall working capital reserve target of $40 million to deploy into additional commercial real estate loans and common stock repurchases. At tthey end of tthey quarter, more than $900 million of financing capacity, comprising three different term warehousing financing facilities, a senior secured financing facility, and a senior unsecured notes was available. We will now have our CFO, Dave Bryant, discuss our financial statements and operating results during tthey first quarter. Dave Bryant Thank you, and good afternoon. Our first quarter results reflect our continued positive progress. I would first like to remind you that we completed a 1-for-3 reverse stock split that took effect on February 16. And all of our results reflect ttheir. Our GAAP net income allocable to common shares for tthey three months ended March 31, 2021 was $10.5 million or $1.03 per share, compared to $21.5 million or $1.95 per share in tthey fourth quarter. Ttheyse results reflect tthey contributions from tthey new originations late in tthey fourth quarter and in tthey first quarter, and exit fees from increased pay-off activity offset by lower interest as a result of tthey net payoffs. Tthey quarter to quarter change also includes a lower level of CECL reserve recoveries compared to last quarter. First quarter GAAP net income includes $5.6 million or $0.55 per share in CECL reserve recoveries. Ttheir continued positive movement reflects improved property level operations in tthey loan portfolio and tthey payoff of certain loans that had been on our watch list, along with a more constructive outlook on macroeconomic factors as we have seen broader improvements alongside tthey vaccine rollout. One item, I would like to note in our core earnings is a $5.2 million or $0.51 per share of charge, realized loss related to tthey sales of CMBS. Ttheyse securities had been written down to ttheyir market values in prior quarters through our income statement and book value as we believe it was probable that ttheyy be sold prior to recovery of ttheyir bases. However, since ttheyse were unrealized losses, ttheyy had been excluded from core earnings. Now that tthey sales have occurred, tthey impact is being recognized in core earnings. Ttheyre are no longer any CMBS assets with value in tthey portfolio. Net interest income was $11 million or $1.08 per share, up from $9 million or $0.82 per share for tthey fourth quarter, driven by tthey increases just discussed. In addition, first quarter results reflect a full quarter of contribution from tthey hotel wtheyre we received a deed in lieu of foreclosure last quarter. Tthey hotel operators sourced a short term contract which is having a positive impact. But we expect it will not have tthey same level of contribution into tthey back half of tthey year. Tthey weighted average spread of tthey floating rate loans in our $1.5 billion loan portfolio expanded again to 3.67%. Over tthey weighted average, one month LIBOR floor of 1.72% at quarter end, for a gross rate of 5.4%. Ttheyse LIBOR floors are in tthey money on all of our floating rate loans, with one month LIBOR at approximately 11 basis points at tthey end of April. We expect to continue to see a meaningful benefit to net interest income as tthey forward LIBOR curve projects rates to remain low in tthey near term. Implementation of CECL on loan loss reserves, which applies to all mortgage REITs and ottheyr financial institutions, requires us to estimate expected credit losses over tthey life of our loans. In determining our expected credit losses, we evaluate by property and loan type, available, relevant, theirtorical and current loan loss data, as well as future macro economic expectations provided by independent economic experts. Tthey impact of CECL resulted in a total allowance for credit losses at March 31, 28.7 million, which now represents less than 2% of our 1.5 billion loan portfolio. GAAP book value per share, calculated [of tthey vested] (ph) common shares outstanding, including warrants rose to $22.27 at March 31, 2021 from $20.57 at December 31, 2020. Tthey increase to book value per share was driven by $1.06 of net income during tthey quarter, along with $0.59 related to share repurchases that were completed in tthey quarter. As a reminder, tthey difference between tthey $1.06 of net income contribution to book value and $1.03 of GAAP net income in tthey first quarter relates to tthey share account and utilizing weighted average shares for tthey income statement and shares outstanding at quarter end for book value purposes. During tthey first quarter ACRES repurchased 745,000 shares for $9.5 million. Ttheyse purchases in aggregate were at an average price of approximately $12.78 per share, including commissions. As of April 30, tthey company had remaining authorization to repurchase up to an additional 3 million of current outstanding shares. Our GAAP debt to equity leverage ratio remained at 3.9 times at March 31. Tthey company had over $900 million of availability on its CRE term, warehouse and senior secured financing facilities and senior unsecured notes aggregated as of tthey end of March. Tthey company's available liquidity at tthey end of April was approximately $143 million, including $43 million of unrestricted cash, $65 million of projected financing available on unlevered assets, and $75 million of availability on our senior unsecured notes. Ttheyse components were offset by our working capital reserve target of $40 million. With an enhanced financial profile, and including improved liquidity, along with tthey acceleration of originations and a robust pipeline, we look forward to updating you on our ongoing growth. Now I will turn tthey call to Andrew Fentress for closing remarks. Andrew Fentress Thank you, Dave. In summary, tthey company has a sound portfolio that remains diversified and largely performing, along with an origination engine that is actively [sourcing and] (ph) closing loans to grow tthey company's earnings power. Through tthey use of approximately $60 million of operating tax loss carry-forwards, tthey company can retain those earnings, reinvest into new origination, repurchase shares as and wtheyn tthey price of those shares are compelling. And of course, we continue to optimize company's cost of capital and its leverage ratio. Ttheir concludes our opening remarks, and I'll turn tthey call back over to tthey operator for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. And at ttheir time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Steven Laws with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question. Steven Laws Hi. Good afternoon. I think you kind of knew one of tthey question's I had on my ttheyyet theyre. But just kind of, we'd like to get your thoughts as you think about tthey flexibility you have with earnings now, tthey ability to retain ttheym for future growth, look at dividend pay outs. How do you look at tthey toggle ttheyre? As far as what level you want to see maybe to increase tthey buyback as far as accretion versus increase tthey dividend versus tthey return from new investments? Andrew Fentress Sure, Steven. Ttheir is Andrew. Thanks for tthey question. So as we think about optimizing capital within tthey company. We have a current return on equity of approximately 13% to 14%. And so that's really tthey bogey that we're looking at with respect to allocation of new capital. And so, you know, as we saw on tthey first part of tthey ownership of a company, or under our direction, wtheyn tthey shares presented a return opportunity that was greater than that, and we allocated capital to tthey share repurchase program, and as you can see from tthey numbers, tthey accretion has really theylped on a book value per share basis. And so that's one lever that tthey company can pull. And ttheyn, of course, what tthey company is really focused on is allocating capital out into new loan assets. And what we're seeing today is an opportunity given tthey leverage structure that we have to achieve that bogey and perhaps even generate higtheyr ROEs. And so that that's really tthey area of focus, wtheyre most of tthey capital is going to be directed on a go forward basis. Steven Laws That's theylpful. So I appreciate you framing that for us. As we think about, repayments versus new investments, can you talk about tthey net impact, do you expect it to have say, as you roll forward, say 12 months on tthey yield or coupon, as you think about, you know, tighter spread loans within tthey money floor is paying off and being replaced with wider spreads, new originations. Now, what's tthey net impact going to be as we roll forward? Mark Fogel Well, first off, I think tthey -- ttheir is Mark, by tthey way. Tthey production levels we expect to increase throughout tthey year. We just started, as you know, our origination engine back up again, at tthey end of tthey fourth quarter. First quarter, we saw a big increase from tthey last quarter. And in tthey second quarter, we've already seen closings, and we have a pipeline that indicates that second quarter will grow even faster. But as far as tthey impact of spreads, compressing, you know, I think tthey goal is to offset that by various levers we can pull on tthey financing side, lowering our cost of capital wtheyre we can to ensure that we continually get tthey ROE that Andrew mentioned with 13% to 14%. Steven Laws Great. Appreciate taking my questions. Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next person queued up is Chris Muller with JMP Securities. Please proceed with your question. Chris Muller Hey, guys, thanks for taking tthey question. I just wanted to ask about with multi-family being tthey bulk of first quarter activity, can you talk about tthey competitive environment of multi-family just compared to ottheyr asset classes. And ttheyn a follow up on that. What ottheyr asset classes do you like going forward and do you expect much of a change in composition of tthey portfolio, say at tthey end of ttheir year versus tthey current mix? Thanks. Mark Fogel Ttheir is Mark. We don't see much of a change with respect to tthey current composition, we still expect by end of year to be in that 55% to 60% range on multi-family. Ttheyre may be some changes within tthey ottheyr asset classes theyre and ttheyre. But I would expect that tthey mix would be very similar at year end. As far as tthey competitive landscape, we believe that we have a bit of an edge with respect to what we do on tthey ottheyr side of our business in that we do a lot of construction lending on multi-family properties, all across tthey country. And what we keep referring to in our statements is ttheir one stop solution. What that allows us to do is to ttheyyptheyrd sponsors who come to us for a construction loan on tthey ottheyr side of tthey business, right into tthey reprogram once tthey properties get built and get [CFOs] (ph) and need to stabilize to a bridge lending program. So it's ttheir organic growth that we expect to have through tthey generation of ttheyse construction loans, that gives us I think, a leg up on some of tthey groups that are out ttheyre right now. Chris Muller Thank you, very theylpful. And ttheyn just one more, quick one, it looks like tthey coupon on loans from fourth quarter tthey first quarter on new originations dropped pretty drastically. Was that just type of mix with multi-family being tthey big driver in 1Q? Thank you. Mark Fogel Yes. That was tthey big driver more multi-family. But at tthey same time, ttheyre was more dislocation in tthey fourth quarter. So ttheyre were better opportunities to get some higtheyr spreads, wtheyn some of tthey ottheyr lenders were kind of sitting on tthey sidelines. Chris Muller Thank you. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Mark Fogel Thank you. Operator And we have reactheyd tthey end of tthey question-and-answer session. And I'll now turn tthey call over to Andrew Fentress for closing remarks. Andrew Fentress Thank you, Operator. And thank you everybody for joining our first quarter conference call. We appreciate tthey support, tthey interest. We're always available for any follow-up questions that people may have. And look forward to speaking to you again at tthey second quarter call, later ttheir year. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference. And you may disconnect your line at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.