Exantas Capital Corp. (XAN) Q1 2020 Earnings Conference Call May 8, 2020 8:30 AM ET Company Participants  Steve Landgraber - Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance Andrew Farkas - Chairman Bob Lieber - Chief Executive Officer Matt Stern - President Dave Bryant - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to tthey Q1 2020 Exantas Capital Corp. Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Steve Landgraber, Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance. Sir, you may begin. Steve Landgraber Thank you, operator. Good morning. And thank you for joining our call. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that certain statements made in tthey course of ttheir call are not based on theirtorical information and may constitute forward-looking statements. Wtheyn used in ttheir conference call, tthey words believes, anticipates, expects and similar expressions, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. While tthey company believes that ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs. Ttheyy are subject to a number of trends, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in tthey forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are discussed in tthey company's reports filed with tthey SEC, including its reports on Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K and in particular, tthey Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date theyreof. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements. Furttheyrmore, certain non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on ttheir conference call. Our presentation of ttheir information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute to financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles are contained in our earnings release for tthey past quarter. I will now turn over to Chairman of tthey Exantas Capital Corp, Andrew Farkas, for opening remarks. Andrew Farkas Thanks Steve. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for calling in. With me today are Bob Lieber, our CEO; Matt Stern, our President of Exantas; Dave Bryant, our CFO; Paul Hughson, Head of Commercial Real Estate Lending; and as you theyard from Steve Landgraber, who is our Senior Vice President. Let me begin please by expressing our hope that all of you and your families are theyalthy and safe. All of us Exantas Capital Corp and C3 Capital Partners which is Exantas Capital manager salute our theyalthcare and ottheyr essential workers who are doing and risking so much at ttheir remarkable time. As an organization C3 Capital Partners made a concerted effort to provide charitable financial support to both theyalthcare workers on tthey frontlines and assistance to those in need. Tthey unprecedented fallout from tthey Covid-19 virus embroiled financial markets around tthey world. It has had an acute impact on commercial real estate. Like many of our peers, ttheyse events have had a material impact on our company. We transitioned our entire operations for a remote setting in tthey second week of March. Ttheyre hasn't and continues to be no disruption in our ability to operate and all of our employees are safe. It's been approximately 12 years since our industry experienced a shock of ttheir magnitude. We are rigorously monitoring what is a fluctuating environment to ensure that we remain responsive and adaptable. While ttheir period has been and will continue to be difficult, ttheir particular management team has been through several real estate cycles. I'm confident we will find opportunities wtheyn tthey economy and financial markets stabilize. With tthey uncertainty in our financial markets and in our economy today, our first and foremost goal is to protect tthey franctheire and retain sufficient excess liquidity. We ttheyrefore, did not pay our first quarter dividend on our common and preferred shares. We wanted to do ttheir to maximize tthey liquidity for tthey company. We understand ttheir is uncomfortable for shareholders, but tthey length and depth of ttheir crisis is not yet known. Tthey action of tthey Federal Reserve and US government have certainly stopped tthey freefall, we were experiencing in tthey second half of March. But ttheyre still uncertainty that's originated not from an economic event but from a medical event, one, we really haven't seen in ttheir country in 100 years. We're confident tthey US will recover wtheyn its medical issue is resolved and positions Exantas to recover as well. Ttheyre's a lot that's transpired over tthey course of tthey last 8 to 10 weeks. Actually an extraordinary amount that's transpired over tthey course of last 8 to 10 weeks. All of which have had a material impact on tthey company. Because ttheyre is so much that has transpired, we wanted to ensure that our shareholders had a detailed explanation from tthey company with regards to exactly what happened, how we responded to what happened and how it has theylped to mitigate furttheyr harm to tthey company. Tthey objective of course is to make sure that tthey company emerges strong and solid as we go forward into tthey market and make certain that we have a future for all of our shareholders and for tthey organization. We've done a good job at making sure that that's going to happen. Ttheir call will be a little more detailed than usual so you have all tthey information. With that let me turn ttheir over to our CEO, Bob Lieber. Bob Lieber Thank you, Andrew, and good morning, everybody. As Andrew mentioned that we're going to talk through some of tthey timeline and tthey significant events that have occurred since March 4th. And starting on March 4th on our last earnings call, we provided guidance about deployment for 2020. And at tthey time we noted that such guidance presumed normalized market conditions, but tthey recent market activity had not been normal. We clearly weren't aware of how unfortunately prescient that caveat turned out to be. Tthey week after tthey earnings call, members of senior management and tthey Board were very excited about tthey addition of tthey fixed-rate loan origination capabilities to our product offerings at Exantas and we demonstrated ttheir confidence in our business plan through tthey purchase of equity securities in tthey company. Tthey threat of Covid-19 was not fully known at ttheir time and even while we shut down our New York City office, we were confident our loan and CMBS portfolios, as well as tthey direction of tthey company. On tthey loan side, as you know, we focus on borrowers with like transitional business plans, substantially all of which generates sufficient cash flow during tthey transition. We have no construction loans in our portfolio. We have minimal exposure to New York City. Over 98% of our portfolios and senior secured loans and our portfolios geographically diverse with almost 60% of our loans in multifamily assets. Our CMBS portfolio was a mix of agency FASB and conduits CMBS position selected based on ttheyir strong credit profile as a result of ttheyir sponsorship, tthey asset class and subordination levels. For example, at February 29, 2020, about one third of our portfolio was comprised of tthey Class B bonds from Freddie Mac's floating rate K series securitizations. Ttheyse are pools of loans originated by Freddie Mac from ttheyir approved borrower list and each bond had a 7.5% subordination level within tthey pool to absorb any realized losses. Our feeling was that even if tthey Covid-19 virus spread, our portfolio was relatively insulated and despite tthey potential for short-term disturbances, we thought tthey long-term value dimination was much less likely. It was in ttheir context that we initially funded CMBS margin calls to protect our bond portfolio. Just 12 days after earnings call starting tthey week of March 16, tthey capital markets almost entirely seized up. Tthey weekend of March 21st saw several distress pay due to tthey certain parties needing immediate liquidity with limited bidders in tthey market. Ttheir gave rise to us receiving sizable margin calls tthey following Monday morning and ttheyse margin calls differed materially in prices that we would see in a liquid market never mind what fair value was. Despite our attempts to communicate and resolve ttheyse discrepancies, we received a notice of a default which resulted in one of our bond portfolio is being repriced and effectively sold by tthey lender into a shockingly illiquid market. I'd like to point out that tthey cost of tthey settlement for ttheir default was actually less than tthey margin call, which led to tthey default in tthey loss of our bonds. But in order to protect our balance ttheyyet we decided to exit tthey remainder of our CMBS portfolio with tthey exception of our BP's investment. We felt that an orderly unwinding of ttheyse positions given tthey current market conditions with tthey best path to protect tthey company's liquidity and book value and tthey final sales price took place shortly after tthey quarter ended. Ttheir is why we show a bond balance on our March 31st financials. Matt will discuss in more detail tthey impact of ttheyse CMBS transactions in their comments. On tthey loan side, we completed $208.9 million of originations in tthey first quarter but today have temporarily curtailed our loan origination as it is currently very difficult to accurately underwrite loans. Given ttheir backdrop, we are rescinding our previous guidance of at least $1.1 billion of deployment in 2020 and will revisit providing our expectations for tthey remainder of tthey year on future calls. As of March 31st, GAAP book value for common share is $7.13 compared to $14 per share as of December 31st, 2019. Economic book value per share as of March 31st, 2020 is $6.77 at May 7th; we have $36.7 million of cash. As you would expect management is theyavily focused on asset management and a plan to continue to enhance our liquidity cushion. Ttheyre will be opportunities arrived from ttheir location and we want to maintain tthey optionality to seize ttheym. In our existing investor presentation we have indicated that we generally target a $40 million minimum cash balance in environment wtheyre we are originating loans. Given that we have curtailed our originations, we feel comfortable with our current cash balance and have suspended our common and preferred stock dividends to preserve and build our liquidity. Additionally, we are evaluating potential asset sales and have $91.5 million of unencumbered assets which are potential sources of additional liquidity. Furttheyr, tthey company is actively exploring financing, capital raising and strategic options and has engaged JMP Securities to assist us in that process. To reiterate, we believe tthey current market does create long-term opportunities, but our focus for tthey short term is generating and preserving liquidity through asset sales and financing opportunities until tthey longer-term effects of ttheir global virus on tthey U.S economy stabilizes and shows signs of a renewed economic activity. With that I'd like to turn tthey call over to Matt. Matt? Matt Stern Thank you, Bob and good morning, everyone. As disclosed in our earnings released last night, we sold our entire CMBS portfolio ottheyr than tthey BP's tranctheys we theyld unlevered, which resulted in a $180.3 million loss on sale or $5.69 per common share. Volatility in tthey CMBS markets starting in mid-March led to tthey company funding $59.7 million of CMBS margin calls and following additional sizable CMBS margin call requests. We eventually received notices of default on repurchase facilities as disclosed in our two 8-K filings in late March. While we certainly felt comfortable with tthey CMBS portfolio we had acquired, tthey lack of liquidity in tthey CMBS market during ttheir time led to pricing that was not reflective of underlying value and led to margin calls inconsistent with tthey fair value of our assets. Despite ttheir dynamic, as Bob discussed, we concluded it was necessary to divest our bond portfolio and protect our balance ttheyyet. Tthey company's CMBS repo liabilities were not fully settled until April 2020. So you will note that we have liabilities that remain on tthey March 31st balance ttheyyet of $175.9 million which are offset by tthey fair value of CMBS margin cash posted and retained field notes. As of April 20th, we no longer have any liabilities associated with our CMBS portfolio and all losses associated with tthey disposition of tthey CMBS portfolio have been recognized as of March 31st. As disclosed in our April 22nd, 8-K, all notices of default have been rescinded or withdrawn. Tthey $180.3 million loss on disposition of tthey CMBS portfolio has tthey following components. Tthey size of our CMBS portfolio and retained investment grade CLO notes prior to tthey disposition was $548.8 million at cost financed with $436 million of short-term repurchase agreements, yielding a net investment of $112.8 million before any margin calls and ottheyr deposits. We had $4.8 million of restricted cash deposited prior to tthey crisis and we funded ttheir amount an additional margin calls and repo rolls totaling $59.7 million from mid-March through April that was utilized to pay down our CMBS borrowings as a result of lender based mark-to-market adjustments. We also recognized an additional $3 million of charges related to net settlements with our CMBS lenders and ottheyr adjustments to reflect tthey sale of our CMBS book. As of April 21st, we terminated all of our interest rate swaps associated with our disposed CMBS portfolio and realized an $11.8 million charge to equity as a result of our swapped terminations of which $11.3 million was recognized at March 31st. Tthey remaining $475,000 will impact equity in tthey second quarter. Tthey loss on termination of tthey swaps will amortize into interest expense on tthey income statement over approximately seven years, but will have no furttheyr impact on GAAP book value as tthey loss is already completely reflected in our book value of equity. It is important to note that our interest expense on tthey income statement will ttheyrefore include ttheir non-cash expense going forward. Our only remaining CMBS securities are tthey BP's tranctheys that we acquired in 2017 which remain unlevered. We now carry ttheyse positions at $3.2 million after recording a $5 million unrealized mark-to-market loss ttheir quarter. At March 31, 2020, our commercial real estate loan portfolio balance increase to $1.9 billion. At tthey beginning of April, tthey company had 124 loan assets outstanding. Only two of ttheyse loans did not make a payment in April and one ottheyr paid debt service, but did not fund escrows and reserves. It's important to note that tthey vast majority of our loans are in areas of tthey country less severely impacted by Covid-19 than is tthey New York tri-state area wtheyre many of us live. As Bob mentioned, 60% of our portfolio is multifamily, which we have found theirtorically hold up better in environments such as ttheir. Tthey balance of our portfolio composition has not moved materially from last quarter and a breakdown is provided on sctheydule five of our press release issued last night. We are acutely focused on tthey asset management of our existing CRE loan portfolio. Like every commercial lender today, we are having active discussions with our borrowers. Ttheyse discussions are very fluid due to varying durations of lockdowns or ttheyylter-in-place orders around tthey country. Tthey right path for each of our assets will depend on tthey asset type and region as well as our real estate underwriting.  On March 12, 2020, we are very pleased to have closed Exantas 2020 - A, a CLO financing $522.6 million of CRE loans and we placed $435.7 million of non-recourse floating rate notes. At May 7th, $1.45 billion of our entire $1.9 billion CRE loan portfolio is financed by CLO with $1.1 billion of debt that is non recourse and is not subject to margin call. $352.6 million of our loans are pledged to our three warehouse lenders with $237.8 million of debt currently outstanding. Tthey balance of $91.5 million of assets is comprised of unencumbered assets and future fundings available for purchase in our CLOs are financing on our loan facilities. We also have $297.5 million at face value of equity investments in our CLOs. We have been in continuous dialogue with our CRE loan warehouse lenders since tthey pandemic began. And we are pleased to announce that we have negotiated covenant amendments under our facilities associated with tthey impact of our CMBS portfolio sale activity. Additionally, just ttheir week we have entered into agreements with our two largest warehouse lenders representing over 90% of our $237.8 million of outstanding borrowings, which provide a framework to avoid credit based markdowns for approximately four months. As of today, we have reduced our leverage under our three warehouse lines to 67%, which we believe provides our lenders sufficient comfort and ttheyy have been working productively with us so that we are able to provide our borrowers wtheyre appropriate with adjustments to ttheyir loan terms. We are appreciative of tthey time, effort and productive engagement of our warehouse line lenders through ttheir process. We feel ttheyse arrangements give us tthey appropriate runway to navigate tthey current economic environment and pursue additional liquidity for tthey company going forward. As a management team, we recognize both tthey importance and challenge of delivering real-time information in ttheyse circumstances. We have made a concerted effort during our management of Exantas to build tthey trust and confidence of our shareholders, financing power partners and borrowers. And we will continue to do so as we navigate ttheir environment. With that I'd like to turn tthey call over Dave.  Dave Bryant Thank you, Matt and good morning. Our GAAP net loss allocable to common shares for tthey three months ended March 31st, 2020 was $199.1 million or $6.30 per share. Tthey core earnings loss was $172. 9 million or $5.40 per share for Q1 2020 and adjusted core earnings after adjusting for tthey $180.3 million loss with CMBS dispositions was $7.4 million or $0.23 per share. In terms of significant items impacting Q1 GAAP earnings, we incurred $185.4 million or $5.86 per share of losses. Wtheyn tthey combined impact from tthey sale of our CMBS portfolio that was financed by repurchase agreements and mark-to-market changes on our remaining BP's investment, which of course was not financed. We saw our CECL reserve increased by $16.1 million or $0.51 per share at March 31st, 2020 due to tthey macroeconomic shocks caused by tthey Covid-19 pandemics effect on business conditions. Ttheir adjustment is over and above tthey $4.5 million of CECL reserves already on tthey company's books at tthey time of CECL implementation on January 1st, 2020 and we reported $3.8 million or $0.12 per share of fair value adjustments to our theyld for sale strategic plan asset. Tthey net negative impact from ttheyse items in Q1 2020 was approximately $205.3 million or $6.49 per share. Wtheyn our year-end 2019 call theyld in early March, we reported available liquidity of $139 million as of February 2019. Given that we are now reporting $102 million less at May 7, I wanted to provide a high-level summary of tthey items that impacted liquidity. We had three major uses of liquidity. First, we had significant mark-to-market margin calls of $59.7 million. Second, we reduced tthey balance of our CRE loan warehouse financing facilities by $46.9 million which breaks down as $23.7 million from loan payoffs and $23.2 million from available cash. And third, we closed new loans using anottheyr $14.8 million. Ttheyse uses were offset by net CLO proceeds of $15.3 million and operating cash flow of $4.1 million. Tthey implementation of CECL which is new accounting guidance on our loan loss reserves that applies to all mortgage REITs and our financial institutions requires us to estimate expected credit losses over tthey life of our loans. In determining our expected credit losses, we evaluate it by property type and loan type available, relevant theirtorical and current loan loss data, as well as future macroeconomic expectations. Tthey impact of CECL resulted in a total allowance for credit losses at March 31st of $20.6 million or 1.09% on our $1.9 billion CRE loan portfolio. To reconcile tthey impact as of December 31st, we had reported approximately $1.5 million of allowances against tthey loan portfolio. We had also previously disclosed a $3 million or $0.10 per share adjustment related to tthey initial CECL implementation and retained earnings as of January 1st, 2020. And we recorded an additional $16.1 million or $0.51 per share through income as of March 31st, 2020. Ttheir March 31st edition to our allowance for loan losses resulted primarily from tthey expected impact of Covid-19 on tthey forward macroeconomic forecast that is used for CECL modeling. It is important to note that ttheyse adjustments are non cash reserves. GAAP book value was $7.13 per share at March 31st, 2020 as compared to $14 per share at December 31st, 2020. Economic nook value, a non-GAAP measure was $6.77 per share at March 31st as compared to $13.61 per share at December 31st, 2019. GAAP book value declined by $6.87 per share which consists of $5.69 per share of loss from CMBS portfolio disposition, mark-to-market adjustments from CMBS related interest rate has risen $0.21 per share. Tthey implementation of CECL allowance per loss of which are non-cash reserves of $0.61 per share, a $0.16 per share loss wtheyn tthey unrealized mark-to-market adjustments on our remaining CMBS BP's position and $0.12 per share from tthey valuation adjustment and carrying costs on our theyld for sale assets and ottheyr adjustments that led to a negative $0.08 per share. Economic book value is furttheyr impacted by tthey non-cash discount on our convertible senior notes of $0.23 per share and tthey redemption value of our preferred stock in excess of carrying value of $0.13 per share to arrive at tthey $6.70 per share of economic book value. Our GAAP debt to equity ratio was 4.5x wtheyn we adjust for tthey net impact of tthey payoffs of tthey CMBS repurchase agreements and pay downs on our CRE warehouse loans that happened after quarter end. Our CLOS S provide us financing by allowing for tthey purchase of additional loan fundings from our balance ttheyyet what we refer to as future fundings. Our CLOs were able to purchase $5 million of ttheyse future fundings since year end 2019 and we currently have $8.8 million of balances available to purchase as loans payoff within our CLOs. At March 31st, our $1.9 billion floating rate CRE loan portfolio at par had a weighted average LIBOR floor of 1.91% and a weighted average spread over LIBOR of 3.41%. At tthey end of March, we had $1.8 billion or 96% of our loan book with LIBOR floors that are in tthey money with 30 day LIBOR at approximately 1% at tthey end of tthey period. We expect to continue to see a benefit to net interest income during 2020 as tthey LIBOR floor, tthey forward LIBOR curve project rates to remain low to tthey balance of tthey year. With that I'll turn tthey call back to Bob for some final comments. Bob Lieber And I will turn it to Andrew. Andrew? Andrew Farkas Thank you, Bob. Thanks everybody. So basically about 2.5 months ago or so ttheir company was on a trajectory that was entirely consistent with our stated objective. Over tthey course of tthey last five years, we took Exantas from an organization that was a series of disparate businesses and we converted it into a pure mortgage REIT which was tthey original intention. And earnings from that mortgage REIT continued to increase as tthey dividends over tthey course of tthey last five years or so. And even as recently as 10 weeks ago we had no reason to believe that that would not continue. But took place 10 weeks ago as tthey lockdown commenced and tthey economic crisis commenced in ttheir country, guys at least in tthey theirtory my tenure and my career in tthey industry which spans about three decades, unprecedented. And tthey impact on our company has been profound. Our primary objective has been to ensure tthey company has tthey ability to continue as a going operation and that we are able to continue to aggregate liquidity and to get loans paid off so that tthey company can return to a normal standard of operation. I think it is occurred, has impacted everybody in tthey industry in which we operate. Not that that is any consolation to any of us, but tthey management of ttheir particular organization has been through crisis like ttheyse over and over again. And we do have tthey skill set to theylp and navigate through ttheir as best as humanly possible. We continue to appreciate tthey support. We obviously wish that ttheyse things had not come to pass and we have worked tirelessly to try managing through ttheym. With that I welcome your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]     Operator At ttheir time, ttheyre are no questions. I'd like to turn tthey call back to management. Andrew Farkas And with no furttheyr questions at ttheir point, we thank you for calling in. obviously, we are available to you with you any questions you may have privately on tthey phone. And we hope that everybody continues to stay theyalthy and safe. Thank you.  Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, for participating in today's conference call. We ask that you now disconnect your line.