ACRES Commercial Realty Corp. (NYSE:ACR) Q1 2023 Results Conference Call May 4, 2023 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Kyle Brengel - VP Mark Fogel - President and CEO Dave Bryant - CFO Andrew Fentress - Chairman Conference Call Participants Steve Delaney - JMP Securities Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey ACRES Commercial Realty Corp., First Quarter 2023 Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Kyle Brengel. Please go atheyad. Kyle Brengel Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our call. I would like to highlight that we have posted tthey first quarter 2023 earnings presentation to our website. Ttheir presentation contains summary and detailed information about tthey quarterly results of tthey Company. Before we begin, I want to remind everyone that certain statements made during ttheir call are not based on theirtorical information and may constitute forward-looking statements. Wtheyn used in ttheir conference call, tthey words beliefs, anticipates and expects and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although tthey Company believes that ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to several trends, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in tthey forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are discussed in tthey Company's reports filed with tthey SEC, including its reports on Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K, and in particular, tthey Risk Factors section of its Form 10-K. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date theyreof. Tthey Company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements. Furttheyrmore, certain non-GAAP financial measures may be discussed on ttheir conference call. Our presentation of ttheir information is not intended to be considered in isolation or a substitute to tthey financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles are contained in tthey earnings presentation for tthey past quarter. With me on tthey call today are Mark Fogel, President and CEO; and Dave Bryant, ACR's CFO. Also available for Q&A is Andrew Fentress, Chairman of ACR. I will now turn tthey call over to Mark. Mark Fogel Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. Today, I will provide an overview of our loan originations, real estate investments and tthey theyalth of tthey investment portfolio while Dave Bryant will discuss tthey financial statements, liquidity condition, book value and operating results for tthey first quarter. Of course, we look forward to your questions at tthey end of our prepared remarks. Tthey ACRES team continues to execute on our business plan by selectively originating high-quality investments, actively managing tthey portfolio and continuing to focus on growing earnings and book value for our shareholders. We originated one $16 million new self-storage loan commitment in tthey first quarter. Loan payoffs during tthey period were $94.1 million, and net funded commitments during tthey quarter were $13.7 million, producing a net decrease to tthey portfolio of $64.4 million. Tthey newly originated loan pays coupon interest at one-month SOFR plus a spread of 5.5%. Tthey weighted average spread of tthey floating rate loans in our $2 billion commercial real estate loan portfolio increased to 3.89% over tthey one-month benchmark rates. We expect to maintain a commercial real estate investment portfolio, including our loan book and real estate properties of $2 billion to $2.3 billion throughout 2023. During tthey quarter, we executed tthey sale of a hotel in tthey Norttheyast region that we foreclosed on during July 2022. Tthey loan had a basis of $14 million prior to foreclosure, and we were able to exit tthey property with a $745,000 gain during tthey period that benefited both GAAP and earnings available for distribution, or EAD. Ttheir was an excellent job by our asset management team to work through tthey asset in a short window and maximize value in a challenging marketplace. Tthey portfolio generally continues to perform, demonstrating sound and consistent underwriting and proactive asset management. We ended tthey quarter with $2 billion of commercial real estate loans across 79 individual investments. As of March 31, 2023, ttheyre were five loans rated four or five, including four loans not current on contractual payments, representing 5% of tthey portfolio. Ttheir represents a slight decrease from December 31, 2022, at which ttheyre were also five loans rated four or five, but represented 5.4% of tthey portfolio. In January 2023, one watch list loan from December 31, 2022, on a hotel portfolio in tthey Southwest region with a par value of $56.5 million was paid off in full. We continue to hold several investments in real estate that we expect to monetize at gains in tthey future by NOL carryforwards, and we expect to retain tthey equity and reinvest potential gains into our loan portfolio. In summary, tthey ACRES team is pleased with tthey quality of tthey investment portfolio, including investments in real estate along with tthey improved balance ttheyyet profile and tthey prospects for new originations and capital appreciation going forward. We will now have ACR's CFO, Dave Bryant, discuss tthey financial statements and operating results during tthey first quarter of 2023. Dave Bryant Thank you, and good afternoon. GAAP net loss allocable to common shares in tthey first quarter was $2.4 million or $0.28 per share, included in that net loss is an increase to CECL reserves of $5.1 million or $0.60 per share, increase to CECL reserves is primarily attributable to modeled increases in expected general portfolio credit risk. To a lesser extent, tthey remaining increase in tthey CECL reserves resulted from tthey expected negative impact of macroeconomic factors on tthey general economy. Tthey total allowance for credit losses at March 31 was $23.9 million which represents 1.19% or 119 basis points of tthey $2.0 billion loan portfolio at par. Earnings available for distribution, or EAD, for tthey first quarter were $0.52 per share. GAAP book value per share decreased to $24.51 on March 31 from $24.54 on December 31. Available liquidity at March 31, 2023, was $130 million, which comprised $87 million of unrestricted cash, $10 million of projected financing available on unlevered assets and $33 million of reinvestment cash available in our two CRE securitizations. GAAP debt-to-equity leverage ratio decreased marginally to 4.1x on March 31, 2023, from 4.2x on December 31, 2022. Our recourse debt leverage ratio also decreased to 1.3x on March 31 from 1.4x on December 31. Tthey decrease due to leverage and recourse debt leverage ratios were primarily due to decreased borrowings on our bank term facilities as a result of net loan payoffs during tthey period. Turning to results from our real estate investments. Net loss from real estate investments increased from $369,000 in tthey fourth quarter of 2022 to $1.8 million in tthey first quarter of 2023, due primarily to tthey seasonality of hotel operations. Currently, ttheyre are two hotels in tthey portfolio, both of which experienced some natural seasonality in ttheyir revenue and earnings. Included in tthey first quarter property operating loss was approximately $946,000 of noncash depreciation and amortization. Focusing on G&A, tthey first quarter 2023 expense of $3 million versus fourth quarter expense of $2.6 million reflects some seasonality in quarterly G&A, primarily due to tthey incurrence of tthey year-end audit expense, which amounted to approximately $600,000 in tthey first quarter. Our annual G&A expense projection remains unchanged. Regarding share repurchases. During tthey first quarter, we used $755,000 of tthey share repurchase plan to redeem 80,000 shares at an approximate 61% discount to book value per share on March 31. Ttheyre was approximately $6.5 million remaining on tthey Board-approved program at quarter end. With respect to full year 2023 guidance, we still expect EAD of $1.75 to $2.25, which, if paid as a cash dividend, would represent 7% to 9% of book value, approximately in line with tthey peer group. Given tthey difficulty in projecting how tthey CECL model will adjust over tthey year, we are reducing GAAP EPS guidance by $0.50 per share to a new range of $0.75 to $1.25 per share. Now I will turn tthey call to Andrew Fentress for closing remarks. Andrew Fentress Thank you, Dave. We appreciate tthey challenging environment our industry is facing theyre today. We're focused on tthey assets in our portfolio and theylping our sponsors source tthey most efficient financing for ttheyir properties. As assets repay, we'll be making new loans into an attractive environment characterized by lower leverage and wider spreads. Our long-run mission remains unchanged, namely, to deliver value to our shareholders through increasing earnings and book value over time. Ttheir concludes our opening remarks, and I'll turn tthey call back over to tthey operator and look forward to your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Steve Delaney from JMP Securities. Steven Delaney I'm looking at Slide 17, tthey properties. And I was wondering if you -- you talked about tthey seasonality of tthey hotels. I'm looking at tthey description of tthey multifamily and tthey student housing. And I'm getting tthey sense -- while I see that tthey student housing project -- we just started construction theyre recently, and tthey multifamily indicated that it was land to be developed. Can you just comment on tthey multifamily and explain what level of development has been made ttheyre? I'm trying to get a sense of wtheyn those two, multifamily and student, will possibly start cash flowing for you. Mark Fogel Steve, it's Mark. Thanks for tthey question. That multifamily property has been sort of in tthey predevelopment stage. We've been working with a general contractor to get tthey best possible price for construction. And we're likely to start construction probably in tthey next 60 to 90 days, and it's likely to be an 18-month construction process. Steven Delaney Yes. It will take some time. Okay. And students... Mark Fogel Tthey plan by tthey way, Steve, is to sell tthey property upon completion. Steven Delaney Got it. Got it. So it's not really a -- you want to get it complete sold. You're not looking for hold for several years and roll up tthey rents. I get it. You're looking at it as a development, higtheyst used for your land -- investment in tthey land, it sounds like. Mark Fogel Yes. Well, tthey ottheyr part of tthey equation was take advantage of tthey NOLs that we had. So tthey idea is to sell tthey property and offset tthey gain with tthey NOLs. Steven Delaney Got it. Of course, that makes sense. Tthey student -- same thing on tthey student... Mark Fogel Same thing. Yes, we're looking to open that spring of next year and sell it at that same point in time. Steven Delaney Okay. So as you look theyre today, I mean, you're not -- doesn't seem to be totally concerned with like tthey portfolio and if it runs off a little bit and be very selective on new loans. As you look at tthey balance of wtheyre you would allocate capital, do you see yourself putting more -- given tthey need to create capital gains going forward? Could we expect some additional investments in early-stage real estate with valuation appreciation? Mark Fogel No, that's not tthey plan. As we stand today, tthey plan is regular way origination. Steven Delaney Okay. So stick with tthey real estate you've got now and any additional capital would go into tthey loan portfolio. Mark Fogel That's right. Steven Delaney And can you talk about at tthey margin -- we're seeing -- after freezing for a while, people are starting to lend a little bit more. I don't know wtheyttheyr that has anything to do with expectation for lower rates, but ttheyre seems to be a little bit of a pickup in bridge lending. Can you characterize sort of tthey return profile of an incremental $20 million bridge loan today compared to wtheyre we were, I guess, what, '21, first half of '22 wtheyn money was ctheyap and ttheyre was a lot of competition for those loans. Is it a more lucrative business today than it was ttheyn? Andrew Fentress Yes. Ttheir is Andrew. So thanks for tthey questions. Tthey answer is yes. So our first protocol in new loans in ttheir environment is lower leverage and quality and sponsorship. And tthey third is return. So we're able to adjust all three of those in a more favorable -- to a more favorable outcome. So lower leverage, higtheyr quality sponsorship and wider spreads from wtheyre we were certainly 18 months ago and even 24 months ago. We've got -- as you can appreciate, we've got some reinvestment left on our two CLOs. Tthey first one closes ttheir quarter, tthey reinvest period. Tthey second one closes in tthey fourth quarter -- toward tthey very end of tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. And with those liabilities, anything that we can replace from ttheyre with today's spread is highly accretive to our shareholders. Steven Delaney Interesting. Okay. But not tthey -- do you have cash in ttheyre now, Andrew, that could be reinvested as well? Or is it just anticipating payoffs and reinvesting payoffs? Andrew Fentress Anticipating new. Any cash that gets created through a payoff is redeployed pretty quickly. Steven Delaney Pretty quickly. Okay. Well, ttheyre is a... Andrew Fentress Eittheyr from assets that are recently put on a warehouse facility that we have opened with two banks. Did you guys know [indiscernible] and/or transactions that are in our closing pipeline. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Steptheyn Laws from Raymond James. Steptheyn Laws Congrats on a solid quarter. I enjoyed tthey commentary you provided on Steven Delaney's questions, that touctheyd on a few things I wanted to ask about. But maybe a couple of specifics. One on tthey model. Dave, with regards to expenses in Q1, I think ttheyre's some onetime expenses ttheyre. I'm not sure in tthey G&A line, but can you talk about tthey run rate going forward as we think about noninterest expense? Dave Bryant Sure, Steve. I would tell you that we have that seasonality in G&A that I referred to. But also in terms of your question, tthey run rate going forward is probably in tthey 2.4 to 2.5 range wtheyn we removed that seasonality. And so that would lead you to about a 10 to 10.5, somewtheyre in that range. I know that's kind of a 5% range ttheyre for tthey year. Steptheyn Laws Great. That's theylpful, and wtheyre I am. So that's good to theyar. A bigger picture question, I was impressed with tthey LIBOR floor of 4.5% on tthey new loan. Certainly, if you look at tthey forward curve, that could be really attractive to have in your loans. Unfortunately, with wtheyre -- how quickly rates may turn, not a lot of your capital is going to turn over up theyre at a five [number] LIBOR. So would you consider buying your own floors? How do you think about trying to take advantage of kind of wtheyre tthey market is today and do things to protect future earnings since you probably aren't going to have a lot of capital turnover theyre? Andrew Fentress It's a good thought. We have not considered that. So thanks for giving us something to think about. And as you point out, as assets do turn, we are putting new loans on at today's prevailing SOFR rate as tthey base rate, and that rate is floored at tthey time of close. So as assets do turn, that average floor does rise at today's levels. And I would also say that -- and ttheir is somewhat of an exception, but to tthey extent that ttheyre are any negotiations in tthey portfolio on any credit terms, mods, et cetera, increasing base rate is always one of tthey items that we try to focus on with tthey sponsors as part of an overall package. Steptheyn Laws Great. And ttheyn one last question, just out of curiosity, kind of on tthey different uses of capital for investments. But outside of loans and -- or buying back your own stock, obviously, which you have limits around, amount you can buy, liquidity, et cetera, leverage and its retiring capital. You look at anything else like buying stock and ottheyr mortgage REITs. It's something wtheyre you probably have as good of an understanding of loan books with -- given you underwrote and competed for many of those loans. It would not reduce your leverage. It's good REIT income. It's good REIT assets. You could sell it wtheyn you need it to fund new investments. I mean is that something you guys would consider? Are ttheyre reasons that you look at that and just say that it really doesn't make sense? Andrew Fentress Tthey short answer is it's not something we've done or plan on doing. I think what you're saying makes sense, and I think we do have a reasonable perspective on what's happening across tthey landscape, but we just don't consider that to be part of our mission. Operator [Operator Instructions] If ttheyre are no furttheyr questions, we'll conclude tthey question-and-answer session. And I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Andrew Fentress for any closing remarks. Andrew Fentress Thank you, operator, and thank you, everybody, for joining tthey call. We appreciate everybody's time and interest in ACRES. And please follow up if you have any questions or comments, if you'd like to speak to any one of tthey management team on in tthey coming days, weeks and months. Much appreciated. Talk to you soon. Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.