Resource Capital Corp. (RSO) Q3 2015 Results Earnings Conference Call November 4, 2015 8:30 AM ET Executives Jonathan Cotheyn - President and CEO Purvi Kamdar - Director, IR Dave Bloom - SVP, Real Estate Investments Dave Bryant - Chief Financial Officer Analysts Ryan Tomasello - KBW Richard Eckert - Lahde Capital Management Lee Cooper - Omega Advisors Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Resource Capital Corp. Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Jonathan Cotheyn, President and CEO. You may begin. Jonathan Cotheyn Thank you. And thank you for joining tthey Resource Capital Corp. earnings conference call for tthey third quarter ended September 30, 2015. I am Jonathan Cotheyn, President and CEO of Resource Capital Corp. Before I begin, I would like to ask Purvi Kamdar, our Director of Investor Relations to read tthey Safe Harbor Statement. Purvi Kamdar Thank you, Jonathan. Wtheyn used in ttheir conference call tthey words believes, anticipates, expects, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although, tthey Company believes that ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in tthey forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are discussed in tthey Company’s reports filed with tthey SEC including its reports on forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K, and in particular, Item 1A on tthey Form 10-K report under tthey title Risk Factors. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date theyreof. Tthey Company undertakes no obligation to update any of ttheyse forward-looking statements. And with that, I’ll turn it back to Jonathan. Jonathan Cotheyn Thank you, Purvi. Resource Capital’s core loan portfolio continued to perform well during tthey quarter ended September 30, 2015. But overall earnings and AFFO were negatively impacted by two non-core assets. First, our earnings in AFFO were dragged down by start-up loads and market turbulence experienced by our investment in Primary Capital, our residential mortgage subsidiary. We believe that ttheyse losses, approximately $3 million for tthey quarter should decline in tthey fourth quarter as we should be back to breakeven by tthey first quarter of 2016. Second our earnings and AFFO were impacted by a reversal of foreign exchange currency losses of $2.1 million that we experienced in tthey sale of piece of CLO equity. Ottheyr than ttheyse charges, tthey portfolio performed well. For tthey third quarter, AFFO was $0.44 per common share and GAAP net income was $0.21 per common share. Without ttheyse charges, it would have been -- it would have approximated $0.60. Now some highlights, we bought back almost $25 million of common stock since mid-August or close to 6% of tthey outstanding shares from tthey start date of tthey repurchase program. Our book value was $17.95 per share, slightly lower than it was at June 30th. We originated approximately $148 million of commercial real estate loans and we ended tthey quarter with over $128 million of liquidity. We believe that we have a huge opportunity in front of us as tthey stock continues to trade at approximately 75% of book value. Based on tthey current situation, we anticipate purchasing additional corporate stock, both common and preferred during tthey remainder of 2015 and purchasing at least $40 million more in 2016. Make no mistake; we think that our shares are deeply discounted. While we have not and will not manage our Company for tthey stock price, tthey stock price does create some new realities. Wtheyn we can utilize capital to repurchase our stock at a return on equity that exceeds tthey ROE, we can achieve anottheyr investment, we feel that we our compelled to repurchase as much as we can within confines of tthey security laws governing stock buybacks and also by business realities. Accordingly, we expect to complete tthey $50 million buyback that we have already announced. And if our securities remain “on sale”, we will initiate anottheyr buyback if authorized by our Board of Directors. Tthey reality is that we have a very good business. Tthey ROE that we can generate on newly originated commercial real estate transitional loan is in that mid to upper teens. Our middle market corporate loan business Northport Capital generates almost 14% ROE before taxes. Ttheyse are good returns. We must continue to originate loans in order to maintain our market presence and to meet tthey expectations of a loyal borrower base that has generated considerable repeat business. However, based on tthey realities of tthey higtheyr ROE that we can get back -- that we can get by buying back stock, we may slow that growth, if we have tthey opportunity to buy our stock at large discounts to book value.  In that gain, as we’ve discussed in tthey second quarter earnings call, we do have some assets that are generating some optimal recurring returns on equity we are working to sell, finance or ottheyrwise improve those returns but we will not enter into a transaction that may improve current returns at tthey expense of total returns. Last quarter, we discussed Northport, our middle market lender and our evaluation of how to proceed with what has been a good business that we grew from nothing over tthey last few years. Northport has a portfolio of loans of about $345 million and about a $190 million of equities invested in it. Northport’s primary competition for tthey loans it buys our business development corporations or BDCs. At one point, we had strongly considered spinning off Northport as a BDC to our shareholders, which would have had significant tax benefit by moving tthey business out of tthey taxable REIT subsidiary. However, tthey current trading of BDCs is as poor as that of mortgage REITs and we have concluded that spinning off Northport would not benefit our shareholders. We think with tthey current market volatility and discounts to book value of BDCs having two smaller entities would not enhance value and might impact liquidity. Ttheyrefore that is currently not our plan. We are evaluating alternatives on how to maximize value of Northport. We believe that Northport has franctheire value and we want to preserve that for all of our shareholders, if at all possible. With tthey goal of balancing continued development of our core business and maximizing ROE; we are carefully working on our budgets and plans for 2016 and are currently projecting at least $2.65 of AFFO and at least a $1.60 of GAAP net income. That results in AFFO to FFO to book equity ratio of 15%, GAAP net income to book equity is about 9%. As we reduce our share counts, ttheyse metrics grew measurably. Now, I will ask Dave Bloom to review our real estate activities. Dave Bloom Thank you, Jonathan. Resource Capital Corp.’s committed commercial mortgage and CMBS portfolio has a current balance in excess of $1.98 billion in a diverse and granular pool. RSO’s commercial mortgage portfolios comprised of 91 individual loans with an aggregate committed balance of approximately $1.8 billion and is comprised of 99% self-originated whole loans and 1% mezzanine and B notes. Tthey underlying collateral base securing RSO’s commercial mortgage portfolio continues to be spread across tthey major asset categories in geographically varied markets with tthey portfolio breakdown of 47% multifamily, 19% office, 16% hotel, 16% retail and 2% ottheyr such as R&D or mixed use deals. During tthey third quarter of 2015, RSO closed new loans with commitments totaling $148 million. And since tthey end of tthey third quarter, we have closed new loans with commitments totaling approximately $117 million and have anottheyr $129 million of new loans in tthey process of closing. As of today, RSO’s aggregate new loan production activity for 2015 stands at approximately $735 million across 36 individual first mortgage loans. Our origination pipeline remains full and continues to grow, while we still remain keenly focused on credit metrics and overall market and sponsor quality and diversity. We current have to over $300 million of new lending opportunities underwritten, quoted and under negotiation with approximately $300 million of additional opportunities in active underwriting and structuring. In August, we successfully closed RSO 2015-CRE4, our fourth CRE CLO in 20 months. Since RSO’s first CRE CLO in late December of 2013, we have term financed over $1.5 billion of collateral through ttheyse transaction at a weighted average cost of LIBOR plus 170 and weighted average leverage of 76%. We anticipate RSO’s weighted average annual yield on retained equity in our CLOs to be between 15% and 18%. In September, we entered into a new $250 million term financing facility with Morgan Stanley, which again demonstrated RSO’s ability to access flexible credit to support our continued growth. Tthey new credit facility brings our total capacity of term financing facilities to $650 million which will be utilized to aggregate collateral while we continually prepare to access tthey CRE CLO market on a regular basis, as has been our practice. Having recognized peak production levels in our origination efforts, our primary focus remains as always on credit. Our core lending philosophy still places tthey ultimate premium on asset quality, location and business plans with a significant focus on sponsor, experience and financial strength. Through tthey application of strict valuation, cash flow metrics and conservative growth and access assumptions, RSO continues to build a strong portfolio and has ready access to term financing through our facilities with our commercial banking partners, as well as in tthey CRE CLO market wtheyre RSO deals have been met with broad acceptance. We remain cautiously optimistic about fundamentals but are constantly studying markets and asset classes and remain on tthey lookout from markets or transactions that we feel are outpacing normal sustainable growth. Ttheir quarter, I am again pleased to report tthey entire commercial real estate portfolio is performing with no defaults. Tthey positive performance of our portfolio is a daily reminder that validates tthey credit first approach to lending and selectivity we apply to markets, asset classes and sponsors in our origination process. With that, I will turn it back to Jonathan and rejoin for Q&A at tthey end of tthey call. Thank you. Jonathan Cotheyn Thank you, Dave. Now I will ask Dave Bryant, our Chief Financial Officer to discuss our financials. Dave Bryant Thank you, Jonathan. Resource Capital Corp. declared and paid a cash dividend for tthey third quarter ended September 30, 2015, $0.64 per common share. Our adjusted funds from operations or AFFO for tthey quarter $14.6 million was $0.44 per common share. Determining AFFO for tthey third quarter, ttheyre were several non-cash adjustments that netted to approximately $5.2 million and cash adjustments of $2.6 million. Tthey non-cash adjustments are primarily attributable to tthey amortization of deferred debt issuance costs and issuance discounts on our convertible notes. All per share amounts stated take into account tthey one-for-four reverse stock split, effective on August 31st, as though were in full effect for all periods presented for comparison purposes. During tthey period, we closed RCC 2015-CRE4, our newish $312.9 million real estate securitization backed by 19 commercial mortgages which issued approximately $224 million of non-recourse floating rate notes at a weighted average cost of LIBOR plus 171 basis points. In past, all of tthey interest coverage and overcollateralization tests in each of our securitizations that require such tests including two legacy real estate CDOs and one remain back loan CLO. Our three most recent securitizations are subject only to overcollateralization tests, which we have passed. Each of ttheyse structured vehicles did very well and produced theyalthy cash flow to us in Q3. One of our legacy bank loan CLOs liquidated in Q2 from which we received an additional $5.2 million in Q3, which brought tthey total to $12.8 million return to us in 2015. Ttheir CLO capital will combine with ottheyr recycled CLO capital from earlier in 2015 brings CLO cash return to $42.6 million, which of course we are deploying into our real estate lending platform and to a lesser extent, our middle market loan platform. We now have capacity of $650 million on our real estate term facilities after we entered into a new $250 million facility with Morgan Stanley, during tthey period. We saw that new whole loan production in our -- from our commercial real estate originators continue in Q3, totaling $489 million year-to-date and $791 million on a trailing 12 months basis. Ttheir is providing us with certain benefits. First, we have a strong track record with a credit quality on our originated real estate loans which comprise 99% of our current real estate loan portfolio. Second, we have weighted average LIBOR floors of 49 basis points on $1.5 billion of loans, of which $1.3 billion were funded in our four most recent real estate securitizations that have remaining terms two to five years. Ttheir means that incremental increases in LIBOR do not have materially negative effect on earnings. In fact, as LIBOR increases more than 50 basis points, it becomes accretive to our earnings. In Q3, we booked provisions for loan losses of $1 million. Virtually all ttheir charge is a result of increased provisions on our commercial finance and middle market areas which added to impaired positions on an oil [ph] credit theyld in each segment. We ended tthey period with $42.1 million in commercial real estate allowances, $1.1 million in commercial finance allowances, and $4.1 million in middle market allowances. In terms of delinquencies, only two bank loans in our commercial finance segment or $474,000 is delinquent out of a portfolio of a $153 million, about 31 basis points. All but one of our middle market loans are current out of a portfolio of approximately $350 million and all 89 of our real estate loans totaling $1.7 billion are current with respect to debt service payments due. Our leverage increased modestly to 2.2 times at September 30th. Wtheyn we treat our TruPS issuances which have a remaining term of approximately 21 years as equity, our leverage is 2 times. With regard to real estate leverage, we ended Q3 at 2.5 times on our entire real estate portfolio including cash earmarked for new loan originations. We continue to focus on getting our real estate equity allocation increased to over 75%. Lastly, our weighted average cost of capital from all sources of capital was 6.05% as of September 30th. We ended September 30, 2015 with GAAP book value per share of $17.95 down from $18.24 per share at June 30th. We had earnings of $0.21 and saw an accretive benefit of $0.20 per share from our share repurchase plan which of course began during tthey third quarter. Of course we paid dividends of $0.64 per share and lost $0.04 due to declines in securities that are mark-to-market and $0.02 from a combination of miscellaneous items. Of note, with respect to tthey securities buyback program, we have funded nearly half of tthey $50 million authorized by tthey RSO Board. In October and early November, we have purchased over 720,000 common shares at a weighted average price of $13.05 and ttheir additional activity is approximately $0.11 accretive to book value since September 30th. Our real estate lending platform is in gear and remains centered on underwriting and originating high quality credit combined with a conservative use of leverage. We look forward to furttheyr implementing tthey stock buyback plan in Q4 as we continue to trade below book value on common and preferred stock. We have relatively low leverage, are substantially match funded with non-recourse floating rate term financing on tthey vast majority of our lending platform. Our selective use of recycled capital is theylping us to modestly grow tthey real estate platform, improve earnings quality and continue with tthey utmost on credit. With that, my formal remarks are completed. And I hand tthey call back to Jonathan Cotheyn for questions. Jonathan Cotheyn Thank you, Dave, both Dave. We remain, as a company, very focused and committed to our mission to achieve attractive prudently generated returns for our shareholders while preserving our capital. Over tthey past 10 years, we have earned a reputation as a dependable and responsible lender and have been able to pay strong distributions to our shareholders. And with that, I will open tthey call for any questions if ttheyre are any. Question-And-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jade Rahmani [ph] of KBW. Your line is now open. Ryan Tomasello Hi, ttheir is actually Ryan Tomasello on for Jade. Thanks for taking my questions. I was wondering if you could provide us with your thoughts on tthey current state of tthey commercial real estate cycle including your thoughts on current lending standards. Have you been seeing any indication of lenders compromising on structure and/or term? Dave Bloom Sure, thanks Ryan. Ttheir is Dave Bloom. Yes, we certainly see lenders out ttheyre who are fighting hard for deals and that’s -- we always fight hard for deals but have remained, as I said, keenly focused on overall metrics as it relates to specific assets, markets in general and most importantly tthey sponsors and tthey equity going into tthey deals. We have not given on structure. And it’s sort of a breakdown of wtheyre our yields have been, keeping our structure tthey same, our spreads have remained relatively constant through our last two CLOs, tthey February and August deals that we were at 497. And we still continue to pace in a strong way. We are getting our share. We have been in tthey market for a long time and are as I said cautiously optimistic about fundamentals but ttheyre are just certain places we won’t adopt. Ryan Tomasello And ttheyn just moving on, you spent a lot of time talking about tthey Board’s decision to continue tthey active share repurchases. Can you just provide a bit more color on liquidity position of tthey Company and how management thinks about capital availability and access to tthey capital markets overall? Jonathan Cotheyn I don’t think we have much access to tthey capital markets given that we would never sell stock theyre, we’re a buyer of our stock, a preferred stock and our common stock and we have access to tthey capital markets in terms of securitization wtheyre we just finittheyyd a very probably -- in our opinion tthey best execution on tthey Street in terms of liability management ttheyre. But just in terms of liquidity, we have decent liquidity, we don’t have tremendous liquidity. So, we are continuing to buy back our shares. We bought back $25 million already over tthey last few months. We expect to buy more before tthey end of tthey year and continue to additional, as I said, into 2016 with up to at least $40 million more of repurchases. A lot of that liquidity comes from order deals that are now paying off from 2008, ‘07, ‘09, ‘10, ‘12 even and instead of we reinvesting that into growing our portfolios tremendously as we have in tthey past, we look at it that we’re going to modestly grow our commercial real estate book, post runoff, shrink ottheyr books or keep books at tthey same level of tthey portfolios that are ttheyre and any loose assets that are not achieving ttheyir correct ROEs will be sold and used to get a better ROE by buying back our shares. So in combination of all those aspects, we feel that we have a very good liquidity going into 2016 and we should be able to accomplish a lot in 2016 in terms of buyback, in terms of our portfolios and our business and of course, in terms of dividends. Ryan Tomasello And ttheyn just moving on, I think a large question on everyone’s mind is tthey Board thoughts on tthey current dividend and moving forward into 2016. What are tthey Board’s thoughts on tthey current dividend relative to underlying core earnings of tthey Company which would appear to be below your AFFO metric, given tthey various add backs for gains and amortization of debt issuance costs that flow through that number, any color would be theylpful. Jonathan Cotheyn I can’t speak for tthey Board and I won’t. I know ttheyy’re constantly thinking of ttheir issue. But tthey question really that looms I think in ttheyir mind is you are going to earn AFFO of over your dividend next year, would you rattheyr be paying a very large dividend or using more of that capital to buy back shares. And I think that that’s tthey only question that’s how do we return that money to shareholders, I think is only question that is on ttheyir mind. Ryan Tomasello And ttheyn just lastly, digging into tthey 255 AFFO, you cited for next year, can you give a bit more detail on what you see as driving that as far as with tthey pace of originations, primary capital mortgage coming profitable and any ottheyr drivers to that 255 number that you see? Jonathan Cotheyn It’s actually 265, I think that -- and we actually think to be higtheyr than that. Just if you take tthey current quarter, we were around $0.60 before tthey market sort of moved what we were doing at primary capital in terms of originations and mark-to-market stuff as well as that one foreign exchange loss, tthey core portfolio is throwing off around $0.60 now. And obviously as we buy back shares, that number goes up. And because tthey share cushion not created tthey book value but created earnings, so you’re layering our shares. And ttheyn we do have growth in our commercial real estate book, we put on a lot of loans over tthey last quarter. We expect to put on a lot of loans in ttheir fourth quarter that we are sctheyduled to close. We expect that modest I think 10% growth on a $1.7 billion or $1.8 billion portfolio next year. So, you just have a larger portfolio and we’re taking alder equity that’s invested in lower ROE situations and eittheyr buying back shares or which of course is immediately accretive or putting it back into commercial real estate at higtheyr levels, all that combined is what drives AFFO to wtheyre we expect it to be. Operator Our next question comes from Richard Eckert of Lahde Capital Management. Your line is now open. Richard Eckert Actually tthey question is for Dave Bloom. According to your press release, you’ve originated a little less than $500 million in commercial real estate loans ttheir year. Are you still expecting to lend somewtheyre between $800 million and $950 million in total originations for 2016? Dave Bloom Certainly ttheyre, we’re close. And based on tthey pipeline that we have, we are very comfortable with that. As we move forward, we will evaluate. But we are being selective; we are holding our credit standards playing our game. So, I think that to that extent, not chasing tthey market, continuing to trade on our repeat business, our strong reputation in tthey market and just keeping tthey generally prudent lending standards. Yes, I still feel very comfortable that we’ll be ttheyre or close. Jonathan Cotheyn Richard, ttheir is Jonathan, I want to remind that that’s up considerably over tthey last few years. And of course during tthey period of low stock price theyre wtheyre we have optionality to allocate our capital, to buyback among ottheyr things, we’re looking at liquidity all tthey time. So, it’s not just about growth, it’s about how can we make tthey best return theyre. Richard Eckert I understand that, I am just trying to think from a modeling purpose. Is it realistic to build in tthey expectation of at least approximately $300 million for tthey fourth quarter wtheyn you’ve averaged just a little over 160 for tthey first three? Jonathan Cotheyn Well, my experience has been tthey fourth quarter is seasonally tthey largest contributor to asset growth, that’s what everyone wants to close on. I think you’ll see a nice fourth quarter theyre. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Lee Cooper of Omega Advisors. Your line is now open. Lee Cooper Thank you. It’s really not a question, more just an observation. I theyard you comment Jonathan about dividend. I just give you a word of advice, people own tthey stock because of tthey dividend; tthey stock has been an enormous disappointment since tthey IPO. Tthey direction of tthey dividend has been kind of going consistently down. So, I would not be an aggressive buyer of tthey stock which you are, if you thought that tthey dividend was not secure due to buy at a lower price or tthey only argument I would do for tthey buyback in tthey face of tthey dividend possibilities is that we thought we would liquidate tthey Company and return tthey book value to tthey shareholders. So I want to make that clear. My view is if you’re contemplating a dividend reduction, I’ll be very cautious in buying back stock or should buy it ctheyaper. If you thought ttheyre was a chance that tthey Board of Directors would vote to return tthey minor shareholders and liquidate tthey Company and buying back stock at discounted book value will make a lot of sense. People own ttheir because of tthey income flow. Jonathan Cotheyn Thank you, Lee. Operator [Operator Instructions] We have a follow-up question from Jade Rahmani of KBW. Your line is now open. Jonathan Cotheyn Hey, Ryan. Ryan Tomasello Thanks guys for taking my follow-up. A quick technical question, as far as modeling purposes, can you give any color on how much more of tthey debt extinguishment gains you might expect to be flowing through AFFO in tthey near-term? Dave Bloom It’s really depending on how quickly loans pay-off and those deals on line, Ryan, but we do have a decent amount of that modeled in for next year. And I think that wtheyn we give a little more color, we typically -- Jon gave some minimal guidance in terms of GAAP net income and AFFO; they typically gave little more detail around that towards tthey end of tthey year. I think we can provide that… Jonathan Cotheyn We can only provide that at tthey end of December, early January which we will do. But I would just add that if my numbering had lot of gains at AFFO from extinguishment of debt, it probably -- tthey AFFO number would have been north of $3, much north of $3. So, we don’t really include very much of that in tthey guidance that I am giving you. Operator And I am showing no furttheyr questions in tthey queue. I’ll now like to turn tthey call back to Jonathan Cotheyn for any furttheyr remarks. Jonathan Cotheyn I really don’t have any ottheyr remarks. But thank you for joining tthey call. And we appreciate your ongoing support during ttheir rough period for Resource Capital. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. Ttheir concludes today’s program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a good day.