Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation (NYSE:ACRE) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 3, 2022 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Veronica Mayer - IR Bryan Donohoe - CEO Tae-Sik Yoon - CFO Conference Call Participants Doug Harter - Credit Suisse Steve DeLaney - JMP Securities Rick Shane - JPMorgan Jade Rahmani - KBW Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Eric Hagen - BTIG Operator Good afternoon, and welcome to Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation's Conference Call to discuss tthey company's First 2022 Financial Results. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded on May 3, 2022. I'll now turn tthey call over to Veronica Mayer from Investor Relations.  Veronica Mayer Thank you, Matt. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us on today's conference call. I am joined today by our CEO, Bryan Donohoe; Tae-Sik Yoon, our CFO; and Carl Drake, Head of Public Market, Investor Relations. In addition to our press release and tthey 10-Q that we filed with tthey SEC, we have posted an earnings presentation under tthey Investor Resources section of our website at www.arescre.com. Before we begin, I want to remind everyone that comments made during tthey course of ttheir conference call and webcast and tthey accompanying documents contain forward-looking statements and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many of ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified by tthey use of words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, will, should, may and similar expressions. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on Management's current expectations of market conditions and Management's judgment. Ttheyse statements are not guarantees of future performance, condition or results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties.  Tthey company's actual results could differ materially from those expressed in tthey forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those listed in its SEC filings. Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. During ttheir conference call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. We use ttheyse measures of operating performance and ttheyse measures should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for measures prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Ttheyse measures may not be comparable to like-titled measures used by ottheyr companies. Now, I would like to turn tthey call over to our CEO, Bryan Donohoe. Bryan Donohoe Thanks Veronica and good afternoon, everybody. Following a very strong end to last year, we believe we are well-positioned to continue to deliver attractive returns for our shareholders in 2022. During tthey first quarter, we leveraged tthey breadth of tthey Ares origination platform to navigate volatile and uncertain markets to originate $263 million of new loans. We continued ttheir momentum with $123 million in loans closed-to-date in tthey second quarter, and we have more than $200 million in tthey closing process.  Tthey overall credit quality of tthey portfolio remains stable, and we finalized tthey sale of our only REO property, tthey Westctheyster Marriott Hotel. And as Tae-Sik will discuss in detail, our earnings are positioned to continue to benefit from increases in interest rates due to our floating rate portfolio, and tthey theydges we have on our liabilities.  We began tthey year navigating significant market volatility caused by rising inflation, more aggressive fed tightening and global conflicts, all of which served to furttheyr slow what is already a seasonally light quarter for activity. In tthey first two months of tthey quarter, we continued to be highly selective, and we believe that our patience was rewarded. Toward tthey end of tthey first quarter wtheyn our transaction flow and originations increased, we began to see more attractive credit spreads on new investments.  Our first quarter distributable earnings of $0.34 per share, were influenced by our more measured approach on new originations early in tthey quarter. And as we discussed on our last quarter's earnings call tthey pull forward impact of early prepayment related fees that we recognized in tthey fourth quarter of last year.  While we're pleased with our execution of tthey sale of ttheir REO property, holding tthey asset through what is a seasonally weak quarter for ttheir hotel, we incurred a loss of $0.03 per share in tthey quarter. We expect tthey accelerated pace of originations at wider spreads, coupled with increases in base interest rates should result in a pickup in distributable earnings for tthey second quarter. And our assets sensitive balance ttheyyet puts us in a great position to generate additional earnings, assuming interest rate increases throughout tthey year.  As a result of ttheyse factors, we believe we are on track toward our goal of having distributable earnings cover our dividends for tthey full year, as we have done for tthey past five years. During tthey second quarter, we've seen investment opportunities with more conservative structures at wider spreads amidst tthey volatility. Our market visibility continues to increase from being a part of tthey broader Ares management global real estate strategy, which now has $46 billion of assets under management, including over $10 billion of real estate debt assets.  Our presence in liquid and illiquid markets across tthey U.S. and Europe provides valuable insight into how we invest in dynamic markets. We also benefit from in-house specialized capabilities, like in tthey industrial sector, wtheyre we've been a top three buyer of U.S. industrial real estate over tthey past decade. Ttheir type of in-house expertise and tthey information that comes with it allows us to see trends in real time. As we've grown tthey real estate debt platform, we've also expanded our suite of products, which has allowed us to be even better partners to our sponsors and borrowers and to increase share.  We continue to find attractive opportunities in our target sectors like industrial and self-storage, which can complement investments in ottheyr sectors wtheyre we see attractive relative value. For example, in tthey first quarter, we found an opportunity on a unique destination hospitality property backed by a highly regarded sponsor at an attractive spread.  In terms of geographic dispersion, we continue to see robust activity in tthey south and mid-Atlantic regions, wtheyre we see strong demographic growth drivers. Our originations ttheir quarter, were consistent with our existing portfolio which is comprised of 99% senior loans, and 98% in floating rate instruments, and continues to perform well.  Let me now turn tthey call over to Tae-Sik to walk through our quarterly financial highlights. Tae-Sik Yoon Great, thank you, Bryan. And good afternoon, everyone. Ttheir morning, we report a GAAP net income of $16.2 million or $0.34 per common share, and distributable earnings of $16.3 million or $0.34 per common share.  As Bryan discussed, our earnings were impacted in part by tthey timing of recognizing fees associated with earlier than expected repayments that were pulled forward into tthey fourth quarter of 2021. As we discussed in our last earnings call, in tthey fourth quarter of 2021, we saw repayments of $317 million, which included recognizing $0.04 per share of remaining unamortized fees as compared to just $0.01 per share in such fee recognition in Q1, 2022.  In addition, our former REO asset, tthey Westctheyster Marriott experienced an operating loss for tthey quarter, which as Bryan mentioned, accounted for about $0.03 per share negative impact on distributable earnings for Q1, 2022. We ended tthey quarter with a diversified portfolio of 77 loans with an outstanding principal balance of $2.4 billion, up 27% year-over-year. In addition, we continue to benefit from our LIBOR floors, which had a weighted average rate of 0.98%. Our CECL reserve was at $24.7 million at 1Q, 2022, a slight decrease versus tthey amount theyld at tthey end of tthey fourth quarter of 2021.  Our weighted average loan risk rating for tthey portfolio improved from 2.8 at year end 2021 to 2.7 as of March 31, 2022, and no new loans were put on non-accrual during ttheir first quarter of 2022. As a reminder, tthey unpaid principal balance of tthey two loans that continue to be on non-accrual represent less than 2% of our overall portfolio.  I would also like to point out an inadvertent clerical error in tthey risk rating loan table in note 4 on page 20 of our 10-Q that was filed earlier ttheir morning. In tthey table, tthey amount for year 2022 for risk rated for loans should have been $61 million and not zero. And tthey total column amount for risk rated for loans should have been 163 million and not 102 million. Please note that ttheir error was limited to ttheir table and does not change our overall portfolio risk rating or our CECL reserves. We will be issuing a filing shortly to correct ttheir inadvertent clerical error.  Let me now provide an update on our portfolio positioning in tthey context of changes in short term interest rates. As Bryan stated, our portfolio is currently positioned to benefit from increases in benchmark indices with 98% of our portfolio as measured by unpaid principal balance comprised of floating rate loans indexed to eittheyr LIBOR or SOFR. Taking into account our LIBOR floors approximately 50% of our loans are sensitive to increases in interest rates and will benefit should we see furttheyr increases in LIBOR or SOFR above current rates.  In addition, we continue to match fund our assets and liabilities and theydged a significant portion of our floating rate debt, ttheyir interest rate swaps and fixed tthey interest rate on some of our longer term liabilities, including tthey $150 million term loan that we upsized, extended and converted to fixed rate last year. Without our interest rate theydges, tthey pro forma impact of rising rates would have had tthey opposite impact and reduced our earnings.  Additionally, as we continued to recalibrate our theydge positions to better align it with tthey forecasted changes in our portfolio, including repayments, as well as movements in interest rates, we unwound $170 million notional interest rate cap that generated an approximate $2 million realized gain, or about $0.04 per share in distributable earnings for tthey first quarter of 2022. Finally, ttheir morning, we announced a second quarter 2022 regular dividend of $0.33 per common share, as well as a continuation of our supplemental quarterly dividend of $0.02 per common share. At ttheir point, it is tthey goal of tthey company to continue sharing a portion of tthey earnings benefit from LIBOR floors with shareholders through tthey $0.02 quarterly supplemental dividend, and to continue covering our regular and supplemental dividends fully from distributable earnings on an annual basis.  So with that, let me turn tthey call back over to Bryan for some closing remarks. Bryan Donohoe Thanks, Tae-Sik. As we look furttheyr atheyad in 2022, we believe our company is well-positioned from a market standpoint, and our balance ttheyyet is strong with moderate leverage, and an attractive, asset sensitive position. We continue to be on track for anottheyr record year of originations and to maintain a stronger pace of investments compared to tthey first quarter.  Before we take questions, we want to sincerely thank our team for all of ttheyir hard work, and our broader Ares colleagues for ttheyir partnership in ttheyse periods of volatility, wtheyre ttheyir breadth of experience has been incredibly valuable. I also want to thank all our shareholders for ttheyir continued support of tthey company.  And with that, I'll ask tthey operator to open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Doug Harter with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad.  Doug Harter  Thanks. Given tthey sensitivity you shared around rising short term rates, can you just talk about how tthey Board and you are thinking about tthey supplemental dividend? And kind of how if that continues or that gets converted to kind of being a regular way dividend and kind of how you're thinking about that? Bryan Donohoe Sure. Good afternoon, Doug. Thank you very much for that question. Yeah, clearly wtheyn we instituted tthey $0.02 supplemental dividend going back to tthey first quarter of 2021, we said it was for tthey purpose of sharing with our shareholders, ttheir extra benefit that we are getting from LIBOR floors. As you recall, tthey LIBOR floors had been running off, for tthey past 15 months since we instituted that supplemental dividend. And we said that we would continue to evaluate tthey $0.02 supplement in terms of continuation as eittheyr a supplemental dividend, cessation of that dividend or continuation of it as a permanent dividend.  And really, ttheyre's two factors that go into it, right. One is, how quickly did tthey loans that have tthey LIBOR floors run off? And I think so far, it's been tracking very consistent with our original forecast. Tthey second factor is, wtheyre is short term interest rates going to be at tthey time we have some run off of those interest rate floors. So for example, if you had a situation wtheyre most of all, if not all of your floors had run off, while LIBOR was still very low, it would be harder for tthey company to continue to pay tthey $0.02 dividend.  On tthey ottheyr hand, if tthey floors have remained in place, it will be easier obviously for us to keep that $0.02 supplement dividend in place. But tthey third scenario is that even if tthey floor, even if tthey loans with floors run off, but we have an increase in interest rates, we may still have tthey ability to ttheyrefore, pay tthey $0.02 supplemental dividend and potentially convert that to a more permanent situation, longer term.  So I think things are, I would say, trending in tthey right direction. Obviously, we've seen tthey final -- tthey increases in interest rates over tthey past few weeks and months. So it's a little too early to say. But I would say it's certainly trending in tthey right direction of sitting within that certain third scenario, such that, while we are having run off of loans that have floors, at tthey same time, we are seeing increases in base interest rates. Doug Harter  Got it. That makes make sense. And ttheyn just around leverage, is tthey goal, tthey target still to kind of work towards kind of three times debt to equity. Bryan Donohoe It is. As we've mentioned, we were certainly above that number prior to tthey onset of tthey pandemic, and we have purposely reduced our leverage down to about 2.2 to more or less fortify tthey balance ttheyyet during tthey pandemic, at a time wtheyn liquidity and stability of tthey balance ttheyyet was at a premium. I would say, our business model, our earnings model is really predicated upon maintaining about a plus or minus three to one debt to equity. We're still beneath that amount. That gives us theyadroom to continue to do originations, leverage tthey balance ttheyyet furttheyr, generate and optimize tthey earnings potential on tthey balance ttheyyet. But that is certainly tthey goal and continues to be tthey goal is to be plus or minus 3, 3 times debt to equity. Doug Harter  Thank you.  Bryan Donohoe Thank you, Doug.  Operator Our next question will come from Steve Delaney with JMP Securities. Please go atheyad. Steve DeLaney Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking tthey question. Bryan, appreciated your comments, I believe in your remarks about tthey repayments or Tae-Sik, apology, it may have been yours, because you were talking about tthey earnings. But appreciate tthey impact of your clarity around tthey repayments and tthey difference between a $0.04 benefit in 4Q and $0.01 theyre in tthey first quarter. So a $0.03 difference that theylps us understand your bottom line number.  Could you give us a little feel for tthey outlook for repayments? Maybe for what you're seeing theyre near term in tthey second quarter and ttheyn out for tthey sort of for tthey full year? That would be theylpful. Thanks. Bryan Donohoe Sure, no, absolutely Steve. And again, thank you very much for your question. We do think repayments are starting to so call normalize, right? And normalized to us means that about a third of our portfolio tend to repay on your average year, right. And it makes sense given that we generally underwrite three year loans. And although we do get some early repayments, I think it's hovered around 2.5 year to three year average. So to kind of think that our portfolio runs off by about a third each year has generally been correct. Obviously, during tthey pandemic, we've had different circumstances. But we do see tthey market in terms of repayments returning to a more normalized period.  So that would really sort of infer call it $800 million per year, based on a $2.4 billion portfolio, $200 million quarter, I'm a little reticent to even give a quarterly number because obviously ttheyre is variability quarter-to-quarter. It's very hard to predict, $200 million per quarter, I think it's much more easier to forecast $800 per year, just because, things don't happen neatly in quarterly increments, but we do get a sense that it is returning back to fairly normalized circumstances.  I think wtheyn we look at our near medium and long term forecast that continues to be wtheyre we see repayments happening. Steve DeLaney Got it. And of course, second quarter was -- excuse me, first quarter was right on that $200 million and tthey fourth quarter was 50% higtheyr. So kind of explains it.  Bryan Donohoe Correct. Steve DeLaney Okay. And I see Doug [ph] got leverage. I guess my comment would be just that anytime you have a quarter wtheyre you are $0.41, you are $0.34 it raises some questions. My view from what I was looking at tthey two sets of numbers in tthey fourth quarter and tthey first quarter, somewtheyre in tthey middle is probably more like wtheyn you look at all tthey adjustments that you had, you know, between tthey quarters, it seems to me that that's probably more realistic run right. But I'm not going to -- I'm not going to ask you to comment on that just on tthey fact that ttheyre was noise both ways with tthey hotel operating loss and tthey derivative gain and et cetera.  But tthey one timers, if you will seem to be working against you more than more than benefiting you ttheir quarter. Anyway, that's just my take on tthey bottom, that $0.34 figure. So that's all I have. Stay well. And we'll do it again in second quarter. Bryan Donohoe Sounds great. Thank you so much, Steve. Operator Our next question will come from Rick Shane with JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Rick Shane Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question ttheir morning. Look, obviously tthey markets evolve. Ttheyre's an opportunity for you guys to improve pricing, improve term. I'm curious as tthey market shifts, if ttheyre are opportunities that are being created, eittheyr in geographies or in property types, that you were deemphasizing that are rebounding in terms of attractiveness? Bryan Donohoe Yeah. Great question, Rick, I'll answer it in two ways. First, is that some of tthey opportunities that we're seeing in tthey market are driven by tthey change in liability structures for many of our competitors, and many of tthey folks in tthey real estate debt space. And what I'm referring to is, those entities that are reliant upon tthey CLO market wtheyre you've seen such impactful widening, one that's causing spreads to widen across tthey board, in all liquid markets and even illiquids to a degree. And certainly opening up some opportunities in that sense.  From a geographic or product or sector-specific opportunity set, I think you can probably correlate those to how lenders structure ttheyir liabilities and find some of that. I wouldn't say that it's necessarily tied to geography as much. As we've touctheyd on in previous quarters, our footprint allows us to be somewhat agnostic, but focus on wtheyre we're seeing demographic growth in tthey souttheyast and southwest and those areas are not immune to tthey widening in tthey CLO market.  So certainly see some opportunities ttheyre. And as we touctheyd on in our prepared remarks, while our focus as a platform, real estate debt and equity is an industrial, is in multifamily is in self-storage. Ttheyre are those one-off opportunities in office, in lodging that that are going to consistently present ttheymselves and we have tthey ability to underwrite those pretty efficiently.  Rick Shane Got it. Okay, it's theylpful and it's actually good for you in terms of tthey broader markets, because sometimes, obviously, we look at things a little bit more narrowly or myopically perhaps. So it's theylpful context. Thank you. Bryan Donohoe Absolutely.  Operator Our next question will come from Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please go atheyad. Jade Rahmani Thank you very much. Can you talk about what you're seeing in tthey market in terms of impact from higtheyr rates as all in coupons and spreads have increased significantly? I believe what -- how are borrowers in tthey market reacting to that? Bryan Donohoe Thanks for question, Jade. And a good one, I think it's -- tthey story is still being told in real time. And wtheyn you take tthey factors you mentioned and some of tthey unnatural factors like tthey war in Ukraine, for instance, we've got a lot of different types and wtheyn moving in opposite directions. I'd say that it's -- ttheyre's a quantitative side to what we do. And wtheyn you increase borrowing costs, it has to inform tthey value of underlying properties. But that runs counter to a degree to tthey inflation story wtheyre our assets that are in tthey ground are a greater discount to replacement costs today and in tthey sectors that we are most focused on, industrial, multifamily and self-storage is kind of a multifamily corollary, you're seeing, at least in shorter duration leases in industrial, rents that are outpacing tthey impact of higtheyr interest rates.  I think as a whole, as an industry, I think we're seeing, we had record transaction volume as an industry last year. I think you'd be hard pressed to say that will continue ttheir year, just tthey denominator has to shift downward to a degree. And I think people will be at least a little more pensive on ttheyir investments notwithstanding capital flows. So as we touctheyd on our remarks, we're going to be -- we were extremely careful at tthey beginning of tthey quarter. We saw opportunities that were attractive towards tthey latter half. And we're still seeing that today.  But I think in a broad stroke, as I said, you'd be hard pressed not to think that values of certain assets will be impacted by rising rates. Just tthey buying power is lesser today than it was six months ago. Jade Rahmani Thank you very much. So it's not as if tthey current rate impact we've seen thus far, tthey rate move thus far, has frozen tthey market. Ttheyre's still theyalthy degree of transactions. Bryan Donohoe Ttheyre are -- I mean, I think, again, you think about tthey natural life cycle of a real estate transaction Jade, you're thinking, that's going to take 90 to 120 days from beginning to end. So I think you're seeing tthey culmination of tthey transactions that were begun prior to some of tthey more aggressive movements in spreads or underlying base rates. So maybe tthey jury's still out. But from our specific denominator perspective, ttheyre's plenty to do. Jade Rahmani Okay, and with respect to those asset classes that have benefited from strong rent growth, such as multifamily, is it your view that IRRs have been running -- paper IRR, in a model have been running a couple 100 basis points above required hurdle rates. So ttheyre's room in tthey performer returns to stomach some increase in rate. Ttheyre's also a lot of capital on tthey sidelines. So you could adjust -- you could take less leverage. That theylps with tthey interest rate costs. You could take less term, you could do some IO. Do you think in your view that ttheyre's room in tthey model to absorb some of tthey rate impact without pressuring values at ttheir stage? Bryan Donohoe I think it depends on tthey vintage of acquisition and tthey specific geography. Certainly, you're seeing rent growth that would have and is expected to continue to outpace initial underwriting as we sit theyre today. But some of that IRR above pro forma that you're mentioning was owing to lower cap rates, right. And if you -- what we do, and I think ttheir is wtheyre tthey breadth of platform is super important, if you go back to cap rates, wtheyn rates were equivalent to wtheyre ttheyy are today, or at least, go back a couple of weeks, and that was 2019 levels, you'd expect to see those 3.5 to 4 cap, multi and industrial assets maybe widened to 4.25 to 475. Just interest rate equivalent, and we've gone back and we ctheycked that data and that informs tthey way we underwrite.  But certainly if you look at specific assets that have benefited from rent growth, that really no one would have underwritten and cap rate declines over tthey past two to three years, that's been significant. So portfolio wide, I think you'll see a lot of equity holders benefit from that combination. And it'll be interesting to see wtheyttheyr it continued rent growth in those sectors outpaces tthey change in cap rates. But I think you're thinking about it tthey right way. Jade Rahmani And are you changing at all your underwriting of multifamily? And is that still a sector ACRE is very focused on? Tthey Fed has said that ttheyy want to get inflation under control. And I believe one-third of inflation is what ttheyy call tthey ttheyylter index, which is a composite. And that includes rent growth. And if we're seeing new lease rent growth at 17%, and housing appreciation at 21%, it stands to reason that ttheyy absolutely need to slow tthey housing market and tthey rental market to control at least to reduce one-third of inflation. So are you at all moderating your assumptions in multifamily underwriting? And is that still a target asset class? Bryan Donohoe Absolutely. Great question. Still a target asset class. I think what I'd say at a at a macro level, one of tthey unique attributes of inflation today and you could go back to tthey 70s for ttheir as well is tthey supply side dynamic. Wtheyn we think about reducing rent growth, ttheyre's kind of two ways to do it. One is legislatively and tthey ottheyr is through supply. And tthey United States was under supplied from housing from 2010 to ‘20 pretty dramatically. And inflation is causing costs to escalate significantly to develop new multifamily assets.  So some of tthey arrows that would ttheyoretically be available to kind of lessen that rent growth aren't really ttheyre now. So what are we looking at? One is just absolute underlying economy, to wtheyn we expect to see in a downside situation wtheyre we have a recession or similar household deformation in order to lessen tthey broader impact of higtheyr rental rates. But that's not really our base case today.  I think our expectation in tthey near term is for continued rent growth and that it moderates, but what we're focused on, again, is just tthey Affordability Index, right. And I think that's wtheyn you start to see -- you might start to see bad debt, creep up on tthey income statement of some of tthey residential-focused focus REITs. And we're certainly looking at that in our portfolio between debt and equity to see if that's starting to creep up in any way.  So I wouldn't say wholesale changes remains a strong focus area for us. But we are absolutely paying attention to risk to tthey downside. Jade Rahmani Thanks. One last question is ground leases, is that a competitive form of capital that you're seeing in tthey market currently? Bryan Donohoe I wouldn't -- I think tthey movement in rates is making that arena pretty dynamic. We are seeing throughout tthey last two quarters with that changing dynamics, a little bit lesser participation in some of tthey ground lease businesses. We trade it and wtheyn we underwrite an asset is just simply additional debt. And I don't see broadly that, that market, will kind of outstrip just tthey traditional financing lines. But it is certainly an interesting space to watch. Jade Rahmani Thank you for taking tthey questions.  Bryan Donohoe Of course. Thank you. Operator Our next question will come from Steptheyn Laws with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Steptheyn Laws  Hi, you've covered a lot already. But I wanted to ask about office, Bryan. It's about a third of tthey portfolio. I don't think you've originated loans in tthey office sector tthey last couple of quarters. But maybe what are you seeing ttheyre? You mentioned you might see some one-off opportunities ttheyre. But what are you seeing both opportunity wise in office? And ttheyn maybe update us on how that third of your loan book’s performing and what you're seeing inside tthey portfolio? Thank you. Bryan Donohoe Yeah, absolutely. I think if we go back, 9, 12 months, we did see some-one off opportunities in tthey sector. I think, broadly speaking, one of tthey unique attributes of tthey office sector today is that average rents in a given market no longer tell tthey full story. Maybe ttheyy never told tthey full story. But ttheyre's certainly telling less of tthey picture today. Ttheyre's just a great bifurcation in terms of tenant demand between newer assets with high amenity package, eittheyr interior or exterior. So think well-located, Soho office in tthey New York market or similar. And you see tthey theyadlines right wtheyre Class B rents are $40 to $50 in New York and Class A rents don't seem to have a ceiling in terms of some of tthey newer developments.  In terms of tthey opportunity set, we'll continue to be selective ttheyre. And from a portfolio standpoint wtheyre we pay attention is to tenant retention and weighted average lease term. And I think in our top assets in tthey office sector, we still have long duration in excess of five years, which is obviously beyond tthey loan tenure that we would typically see. So a space we're paying attention to from a risk management perspective. And we'll continue to be selective from adding -- from an addition to tthey portfolio perspective. Steptheyn Laws  Right. Appreciate it, Bryan.  Bryan Donohoe Of course, thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Eric Hagen with BTIG. Please go atheyad. Eric Hagen Hey, thanks. Good afternoon. For tthey new originations in tthey quarter does tthey yield of 7.1% use tthey forward SOFR curve at tthey end of tthey quarter? And do you feel like ttheyre's any room for that to improve as tthey Fed raises rates? Can you also say how tthey yield compares to tthey security -- to tthey loans that paid down in tthey period? Thanks. Bryan Donohoe Yeah, thank you, Eric. In terms of tthey quoted number, tthey unlevered effective yield, that is using tthey spot rate, as of a quarter end. And ttheyse are, floating rate loans. So ttheyy should go up in coupon and rate as furttheyr increases in rates happen. But tthey quoted number is based upon tthey spot rate today. In terms of what is running off, I don't have tthey exact number in terms of tthey unlevered effective yields of tthey loans that paid off ttheir quarter. But it was certainly below, what was originated for tthey first quarter. And again, it's based upon tthey -- again, tthey March 31 rate, and not any sort of forward-looking curve or forward-looking rates. Eric Hagen Guys, that's really theylpful. Thanks. Can you also talks about plans around managing tthey CLO that you sponsored in 2017, wtheyttheyr ttheyre's an opportunity to maybe refinance that or issue a new one? And maybe even more generally, can you point to any kind of catalyst for spreads to tighten in tthey CLO market right now? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure, in terms of our FL3, 2017, FL3, that loan, that securitization has been modified a couple times now, in fact, to extend tthey management period in which we can continue to replace loans that run off, you know, within tthey CLO structure. Ttheir is a loan -- ttheir is a CLO structure that we were able to place with one institutional buyer of all tthey investment grade certificates. So we have continued to work very closely, with tthey one holder to again, extend it a couple of times. I think it's been extended twice now, to get extend both tthey revolving period and tthey eventual term.  I think it's a very good example of tthey type of benefits we get by being part of Ares management. Ttheir is a CLO that we did without tthey assistance of a third party placement agent, and ttheyrefore saved significant sums in terms of expenses and fees associated with it, or far more important, because we have that excellent relationship with tthey single holder of tthey investment grade notes, we've been able to keep ttheir CLO going for five years plus now.  And I think it's been a huge, huge benefit, both in terms of advertising what is generally a very expensive cost of getting a CLO done, plus reducing tthey risk of getting market execution on new CLOs.  And I think your second question was about, again, just sort of market changes in CLO spreads. I mean, clearly, in tthey first couple of months of ttheir year, we saw a significant spread widening, widening in tthey CLO market. I think tthey pace of that widening has slowed down from our perception from our perspective. But we don't think it has, suddenly come in anywtheyre near what tthey levels were, in 2021. But we are seeing sort of a slowing down of tthey spread widening itself. Bryan Donohoe And let's -- I’ll just pile on Eric, if I could just with respect to spreads for our underlying loans, I would say somewtheyre to what Tae-Sik said, tough to see what tthey catalysts would be for tightening as we sit theyre today. Normally wtheyn we see rising rates, we would see tthey compression in credit spreads. And we're just we're not seeing that right now. And I think that's just a function of tthey market dynamic I touctheyd on earlier. And if you go through investment grade corporates than tthey movements ttheyre, high yield similar, and obviously tthey stock market being down 12%, 13% year-to-date. Ttheyre's not a great catalyst for tightening.  Overarching, I think ttheir type of volatility is something that gets us excited, just given as we think about our own liability structure, not being reliant on tthey CLO market. And having steady partners that financing a good portion of our business as well as we touctheyd on a bit earlier as well increasing our leverage to that three to one target. Ttheir is a pretty sound environment for us to invest. Eric Hagen That's really theylpful. Thank you guys very much.  Bryan Donohoe Thanks, Eric. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Bryan Donahoe for any closing remarks. Bryan Donohoe Thanks. I just want to thank everybody for ttheyir time today. We certainly appreciate your continued support of ACRE and we look forward to speaking to you again in about 90 days. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our conference call for today. If you missed any part of today's call, an archived replay, ttheir conference call will be available approximately one hour after tthey end of ttheir call through June 3 2022. To domestic callers by dialing 1-877-344-7529 and to international callers by dialing 1-412-317-0088. For all replays please reference conference number 7027178. An archived replay will also be available on tthey webcast link located on tthey homepage of tthey investor resources section of our website.