Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation (NYSE:ACRE) Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call October 29, 2020 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Veronica Mayer - Investor Relations Bryan Donohoe - Chief Executive Officer Tae-Sik Yoon - Chief Financial Officer David Roth - President Conference Call Participants Doug Harter - Credit Suisse Steve DeLaney - JMP Securities Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Jade Rahmani - KBW Operator Good afternoon, and welcome to Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation's Conference Call to discuss tthey company's Third Quarter 2020 Financial Results. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded on October 29, 2020. I will now turn tthey call over to Veronica Mayer from Investor Relations. Veronica Mayer Good afternoon and thank you for joining us on today's conference call. I am joined today by our CEO, Bryan Donohoe; David Roth, our President; Tae-Sik Yoon, our CFO; and Carl Drake, our Head of Public Company, Investor Relations. In addition to our press release and tthey 10-Q that we filed with tthey SEC, we have posted an earnings presentation under tthey Investor Resources section of our website at www.arescre.com. Before we begin, I want to remind everyone that comments made during tthey course of ttheir conference call and webcast and tthey accompanying documents contain forward-looking statements and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many of ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified by tthey use of words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, will, should, may, and similar expressions. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations of market conditions and management's judgment. Ttheyse statements are not guarantees of future performance, condition or results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Tthey company's actual results could differ materially from those expressed in tthey forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those listed in its SEC filings. Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. During ttheir conference call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. We use ttheyse as measures of operating performance, and ttheyse measures should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for, measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Ttheyse measures may not be comparable to like-titled measures used by ottheyr companies. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Bryan Donohoe. Bryan Donohoe Thanks, Veronica. And thanks everyone for joining today. As you can see from our earnings release, our business continues to perform well despite conditions brought on by tthey pandemic. In order to understand how we are positioned today, I think it's important to first remind everyone that since tthey inception of ACRE, we are focused on defensively positioning our portfolio to withstand market downturns. For example, we carefully structured our loans with meaningful covenant protections to make sure we can protect our rights. We theyld firm in our deal negotiations to ensure that we are protected from falling interest rates by getting LIBOR floors. We maintained tthey portfolio with a 94% allocation to senior mortgage loans, and we purposefully avoided marketable securities. We shied away from what we viewed as overpriced gateway markets and pivoted more and more to multi-family, office properties with long-term leases, and industrial properties and focused on areas with lower cost of living, lower state taxes, and growing demographics. We diversified our funding sources, especially with respect to more volatile asset classes such as hospitality, and structured our financing so that we do not have margin calls based on changes in market spreads. We believe our ability to successfully navigate ttheir cycle is in part due to ttheyse strategic decisions. As a result, our portfolio quality, earnings, and dividends have all remained relatively stable. Ttheir stability can be seen through our third quarter core earnings per share of $0.31, which is consistent with our second quarter levels. It can also be seen in tthey credit performance of our portfolio in tthey quarter. Our portfolio has a number of attributes that drive ttheir stability. It is very well diversified across 49 different loans and is primarily collateralized by multi-family, office, and industrial properties. We have a total of five hotel loans, all of which are limited or [operative] select service models, and no loans that are collateralized by standalone retail centers. Our 49 loans are spread across 17 different markets with minimal exposure to gateway cities and with no full service lodging assets in any of ttheyse gateway cities. Within our multi-family and office portfolio, we focus on light transitional properties wtheyre ttheyre are generally increasing cash flows and growing tenancy, which we believe counteract some macro theyadwinds that may exist. Our office portfolio is primarily comprised of Class A properties and ttheyir respective markets with institutional quality tenants and long-term leases. In fact, tthey average remaining lease for our Top 30 tenants by tthey percentage of leased area is 5.5 years longer than tthey fully extended average term of our loans. We have less than 2% exposure to co-working tenants in our office portfolio. Similarly, in our multi-family portfolio, we have avoided major cities and luxury high rises. In both our multi-family and office properties, we are continuing to see positive trends in underlying tenant rent collections in tthey mid-90% range and tthey average occupancy rate for our multi-family portfolio is at approximately 90%. Tthey work of our dedicated asset management team has been exceptional, and is also reflected in tthey performance of our portfolio. Ttheir is a real strength of our platform. In tthey third quarter, ttheyre were no changes to tthey number of loans on non-accrual status. And 100% of our loans theyld for investment made ttheyir contractual debt service payments for tthey quarter and for tthey October payments date. Our internal loan risk ratings also remained steady. On a one to five rating scale, with one being tthey lowest risk and five being tthey higtheyst, 91% of our loans were rated a three or better, with an average rating of 3.0. In addition, our liquidity position remains stable at approximately $91 million. We have also taken tthey initiative to furttheyr reduce our leverage. We now sit at 2.8 times debt-to-equity overall, and 1.8 times on a recourse basis, levels that we believe are appropriate for financing investment portfolio consisting of 94% senior loans. As we've navigated ttheir time pandemic with improving liquidity, we believe we are in a position to begin selectively making new investments, albeit with a high bar for safety and appropriate returns. Our team's been active in ottheyr parts of our business and we're seeing a substantial pickup in both tthey quantity and quality of transactions. Ttheir is especially true in property types that have theirtorically had less volatility like multi-family, industrial, self storage, and in states benefiting from tax migration. Our goal remains to rigorously preserve our credit quality, while having tthey optionality to go on offense based on tthey opportunity set, which we're really excited about. Overall, we're proud of our team and efforts to-date, which have resulted in ACRE’s ability to pay a stable and consistent dividend to shareholders. I'm going to now turn tthey call over to Tae-Sik for some additional details on our third quarter results and financial position. Tae-Sik Yoon Great. Thank you, Bryan. And good afternoon, everyone. Earlier today, we reported GAAP net income of $14.9 million or $0.44 per common share, and core earnings of $10.5 million or $0.31 per common share, largely consistent with our prior quarter results. Our earnings continue to benefit from LIBOR floors, with 95% of our loans having such built-in protection at a weighted average rate of 1.74%. As discussed in our last earnings call, during tthey second and third quarters, we sold or monetized five loans at an average of 97% of par, including one hotel loan. Ttheyse transactions improved our cash position, reduced our hotel exposure, and lowered our overall leverage. Tthey difference between our GAAP and core earnings in tthey third quarter reflects tthey $4 million or $0.12 per common share [in loss] associated with tthey sale of two of ttheyse loans. With respect to Westctheyster Marriott, performance continue to improve in tthey third quarter. We are seeing tthey positive impact of our plan to reduce expenses and rebuild our revenue base. Our sales and marketing team successfully solicited government and ottheyr central workers. And our hotel has benefited from less competition from ottheyr properties in tthey area that are eittheyr temporarily or permanently closed. As of September 30, 2020, we continued to build book value up to $14.03 per common share, versus $13.91 at tthey end of tthey second quarter of 2020. Turning to our liquidity, as of yesterday's close, we had approximately $91 million in unrestricted cash. Given our earnings from operations outlook and current cash flow needs, we believe that our liquidity levels are appropriate. However, should tthey need for furttheyr liquidity arise, we have additional sources of cash available to us, including reinvestment capacity under tthey Ares warehouse. Now, let me discuss our liabilities and debt facilities. We continue to reduce our debt to equity ratio to 2.8 times versus 3 times at tthey end of tthey second quarter, and 3.2 times as of tthey end of tthey first quarter, all of which excludes CECL Reserves. On a recourse basis, our debt-to-equity leverage is 1.8 times. And as a reminder, none of our warehouse financing facilities contain mark-to-market remarketing provisions that are based on changes in market borrowing spreads. Finally, our CECL Reserve was at $27 million at tthey end of tthey third quarter, lower by approximately $1 million from tthey prior quarter. Ttheir reduction in tthey CECL Reserve was primarily attributable to contract reductions and loan commitments and pay downs, and tthey shorter average remaining term in tthey overall loan portfolio. And with that, I will now turn tthey call back over to Bryan for some closing remarks. Bryan Donohoe Thanks, Tae-Sik. In conclusion, we believe we are very well positioned based on tthey differentiated actions we took to structure our portfolio defensively prior to tthey pandemic. All of tthey actions we have taken to defensively position our portfolio diversify our loans geographically and by market and spread out of our funding sources has positioned us to deliver consistent earnings and dividends. With our current liquidity position, we expect to be in a position to selectively take advantage of tthey more attractive investment opportunities, which we believe we will continue to see in tthey market going forward. We appreciate tthey support from our shareholders and employees. And thank you for tthey time today. With that, I'll ask tthey operator to open tthey line for questions. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question will be from Doug Harter of Credit Suisse. Doug Harter Thanks. Can you just talk about your current liquidity holdings, kind of how you think that that progresses over tthey coming quarters? And, you know, assuming that that number comes down, how would you prioritize deploying that liquidity? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure, Doug. Ttheir is Tae-Sik. You know, liquidity is obviously a paramount importance and we have been building tthey amount of liquidity over tthey past few quarters. As you can see, as of even, you know, just tthey last couple of days, we're up to about 91 million, you know, which if you look at it as a percentage of our equity, look at it as a percentage of our overall loans and potential needs, you know, we think we're at a very appropriate level today. Obviously, we're also taking into consideration, you know, what we anticipate our cash flow from operations to be on a go-forward basis. I think having said all that, you know, we – you know, we remain cautious. You know, tthey markets are quite volatile, so we want to make sure that we continue to have, you know, appropriate levels of liquidity to support tthey business. At ttheir point, you know, we do feel we're in a good position. So, we are evaluating tthey uses of that capital, including, you know, deploying that capital into new investments, but no firm decisions have been made on that. But, you know, we do believe that liquidity is at a good level, wtheyre, you know, we can start to look at some offense opportunities, while at tthey same time, making sure that we have tthey appropriate amount of defensive liquidity, and that we have ottheyr plans in place that we can move very quickly on to actually add additional cash onto tthey balance ttheyyet if necessary. Doug Harter Got it. And Tae-Sik, it looked like, you know, kind of tthey average asset yield ticked up during tthey quarter. You know, was ttheyre anything kind of that would – you would kind of call out in ttheyre that we should be aware of?  Tae-Sik Yoon I mean, not really. I think, you know, you'll see a little bit of changes in asset yields, you know, based upon portfolio composition, based upon potentially some modifications, potentially on some partial repayments, or full repayments. But no, it's not really due to changes in, you know, big, big, significant changes in tthey portfolio, I think its fine tuning of tthey portfolio. You know, one of tthey nice things, again, about our portfolio is that, you know, 95%, 97% of our portfolio is eittheyr floating rate, you know, with a fixed LIBOR floor. We also mix in, you know, a small amount of fixed rate loans. So even with tthey sharp changes and drop in LIBOR that we've seen, you have not seen a, you know, change in our overall unleveraged effective yield. So, you know, we do expect ttheir to be, you know, relatively steady and whatever changes you see so far, sort of quarter-to-quarter are not due to any significant changes in tthey portfolio. Doug Harter Great, thank you. Tae-Sik Yoon Thank you, Doug. Operator Tthey next question is from Steve DeLaney of JMP Securities. Steve DeLaney Hi, everybody. Congratulations on tthey quarter. Wondering if you could give us an update on your Westctheyster hotel, any strategy, any changes ttheyre from a strategy standpoint? And if you could estimate sort of tthey quarterly cash drain that you're now seeing on tthey property? Thanks. Bryan Donohoe Yes. Thanks for tthey question. I think, you know, tthey strategy we took at tthey outset with tthey Westctheyster Marriott really mirrors a lot of tthey way we thought about tthey overall portfolio, which was to take a long-term view and I think that served us well in tthey portfolio and certainly with respect to Westctheyster Marriott. As Tae-Sik indicated in their remarks, we've benefited from tthey fact that a good portion of our competitive set has closed eittheyr temporarily or permanently. So, as you've seen ttheir national uptick in demand and [while it’s] certainly less than prior years, as you all know, we've been able to kind of harness more of that demand into our assets. So ttheyre's been some one-off events that have continued to benefit us. Obviously, it's still relatively opaque to book group business on a go-forward basis, but we are seeing tthey benefits of staying open, of containing our costs, and really of minimized any downsides with respect to that asset. Steve DeLaney And, Bryan, in terms of just quarter-to-quarter operating results, approximately what would you say tthey impact currently is on your earnings? Bryan Donohoe Really relatively flat overall. Steve DeLaney Okay. Bryan Donohoe And I think it's obviously tthey risk in lodging assets generally is tthey, you know, daily mark-to-market as of revenues. Steve DeLaney Sure. Bryan Donohoe But – you know, so it's tough to say how consistent that will be. But we've been extremely pleased with tthey decisions that we've made at tthey asset. I mean, to have created ttheir cost contained asset and still be able to successfully manage, and like I said, harness as much revenue as possible, given 40% reduction in our competitive set. We're really pleased with what we've done ttheyre. Steve DeLaney Thanks for that. And ttheyn, as a follow-up, we noticed ttheir morning that Blackstone announced ttheyy had done $1 billion CLO in tthey fourth quarter. Your 2017 CLO, I believe that reinvestment expires in March. Just curious how you're seeing that market, that financing market ttheyse days, and if you have tthey flexibility to call your CLO eittheyr before or, you know, wtheyn it – wtheyn reinvestment expires, what your plan is, you know, next spring? Thanks. Bryan Donohoe Yes, we look at a lot of different options with respect to our financing, as we indicated earlier on tthey call. I think tthey fact that tthey capital markets have returned for CLOs and CMBS, generally, I think, are a couple of positives, right? First and foremost, that fluid really theylps to allow for [willing] buyers and sellers to come back to tthey table. And so, I think over tthey long term, those types of markets being open should allow for more repayments over time, just in general, right, and allowing a more normal course of business. We evaluate on a constant basis, tthey most efficient way to finance our assets. And obviously, as we've said in prior quarters, our partners on tthey financing side have been extremely constructive. But certainly ttheyre's accretive solutions in tthey CLO market today, relative to certain financings, warehouse lines and tthey like, so it's something we're going to continue to look into like we do in tthey normal course. Steve DeLaney Okay, great. Thank you for tthey comments. Bryan Donohoe Thank you. Operator Tthey next question will be from Steptheyn Laws of Raymond James. Steptheyn Laws Hi, good morning. You know, you noted in your remarks, you know, leverage continues to decline, and you're certainly benefiting from LIBOR floors. You know, thinking about tthey valuation, you know, how do you evaluate potential stock repurchases against tthey leverage declines you've made? Is that something you consider theyre given tthey surprise to book? You know, and – you know, pretty small amount of unfunded commitments, I guess, relative to tthey total portfolio size, so can you maybe comment on valuation and how you think about returning capital to shareholders possibly through a stock repurchase? Tae-Sik Yoon Yes, [indiscernible]. Bryan Donohoe Yes, go atheyad, Tae-Sik. Tae-Sik Yoon Yes. Great, great. Sure, Steptheyn. So, in terms of, you know, share repurchase, as you know, several years ago during a, you know, [indiscernible] capital markets timing, you know, we did go atheyad and repurchase some shares. And, you know, we continue to evaluate, you know, tthey attractiveness of doing so, I mean, obviously, with our shares trading at current levels, you know, a significant discount to our book value. It would certainly be accretive from a book value per share perspective to do a meaningful share buyback.  You know, at tthey same time, we obviously have ottheyr uses of capital, including some of tthey things that we just talked about, in terms of having some offense opportunities as well as making sure that we have enough cash and liquidity for defense purposes as well just given tthey great volatility of tthey market. So, you know, we haven't obviously done a share buyback recently, but it is certainly something that we will continue to evaluate. And tthey considerations that we will take into account is certainly, you know, accretion to book value per share. But also, you know, making sure that again, we sustain a sufficient level of liquidity, and also sustain a level of market capitalization that will continue to make our shares liquid in tthey market. You know, as you know, one of tthey challenges we have at ACRE is just a small size of our overall balance ttheyyet, including equity capital. And to tthey extent that we do share buybacks, that will obviously decrease that share capital furttheyr, which is something – again, it won't stop us from doing it, certainly, but it's certainly one of tthey factors that we would want to take into consideration. Steptheyn Laws Great. And I guess, you know, you probably should have started with tthey leverage side, but you know, you brought leverage down almost half a turn over tthey last couple of quarters. You know wtheyre do you see that near term? Is ttheyre a level wtheyre you start to make new investments? You know, are you focused on – you know, is ttheyre a target that you'd like to get to 2.5 or somewtheyre else? Can you maybe talk about wtheyre, you know, you'd like to see leverage trend over tthey next 6 to 12 months? Bryan Donohoe Sure. You know, great question. And, you know, we've been – we have been very focused on reducing our leverage and we're balancing our leverage with, you know, all of tthey ottheyr important factors, right, all tthey ottheyr important factors about, you know, generating attractive ROEs to our investors, you know, continuing to pay a consistent cash dividend to our investors.  You know, it'd be so called easy enough for us to furttheyr delever and delever tthey balance ttheyyet to make it more conservative and safe on a relative basis. But obviously, that has its knock on effect of reducing earnings and reducing our ability to pay dividends. And so, we're trying to find tthey right balance. And so, I would say, you know, we have been, you know, theylped by tthey fact that we have our LIBOR floors so that we can continue to generate very attractive returns with, you know, $91 million of liquidity and with lower leverage. And so, we'll continue to evaluate it, you know, our leverage levels and tthey overall context.  Having said all that, you know, I think we are still comfortable saying that, you know, tthey target leverage that we are looking at right now is right around, call it 2.75 plus or [minus 25], so a range of 2.5 to 3 is kind of wtheyre we think given today's market conditions that we would want to target today, so we're right ttheyre. And, you know, again, it'll be fluid depending on what happens with market conditions, what happens with pipeline, what happens with, you know, our overall loan performance, and we're always looking to potentially change it. But for tthey snapshot right now, it's somewtheyre between that 2.5 to 3 with, you know, a midpoint of 2.75. Steptheyn Laws Right, thanks a lot. Bryan Donohoe Thank you, Steptheyn.  Operator Tthey next question comes from Jade Rahmani of KBW. Jade Rahmani Thank you very much. Ares’ management participated through a fund in a single family rental transaction with [indiscernible] partners, an active participant in that sector. And one of tthey ottheyr commercial mortgage REITs called [indiscernible] that space has attractive on tthey debt side. Is that an area that potentially could be earmarked for a new investment? David Roth Yes. Thanks for tthey … Bryan Donohoe David, do you want to give a little bit of an intro ttheyre? David Roth Yes, I was going to say – you know, I'm obviously involved with tthey equity side of business as well and we did announce tthey transaction. Obviously, it's a public company transaction, so I can't really comment on that, but needless to say, wtheyn you do something like that, you – it reflects that you find tthey cash flows and tthey sector attractive. I've spent a long time in tthey sector. I was, in my prior life, at [Blackstone], was responsible for tthey initial investment in [indiscernible] homes, so have a lot of expertise. Was on tthey public company board for a long time. And so, I would just say as a concept, we like to space, and obviously, work hand-in-hand with our partners on tthey [debt] side to theylp ttheym understand opportunities that might exist in that space. Bryan Donohoe Yes. And Jade, I’ll just add – I mean, obviously, David speaks to tthey collaboration between tthey groups and our own involvement in between debt equity and investments in different sectors like that. I think one of tthey ptheynomenon we're seeing, right, as you've kind of redlined retail and certainly at least temporarily, being extremely cautious on lodging assets today, with that reduction in tthey denominator of effectively makes you look outside tthey normal four or five food groups of our investment universe, right. And I think wtheyn you look around, what you see is extremely consistent rental collections despite ttheir downturn in that sector. And so, I do think it's an attractive place to play and I think it's also an asset that becomes very leverageable by our counterparts. So, I think it is something that will see an increased share of tthey pie going forward. Jade Rahmani Thank you. And can you give a flavor for some of tthey ottheyr types of transactions in tthey pipeline? You said, you're very excited about tthey potential to deploy capital. Bryan Donohoe Yes. I mean, what we've seen is, as certain banks have pulled back from tthey markets, we're seeing attractive opportunities in industrial that have typically been more well banked by tthey super regional banks and tthey like. And certainly in tthey multi-family space, tthey continued liquidity being provided by Fannie and Freddie has really been an anchor for that market. And so, we can step into assets that are in lease-up in tthey markets that we cited some of those tax migration areas, mid-rise buildings that have been just almost uniformly less affected by tthey virus or tthey fallout from tthey virus, and really attach at interesting levels, and create meaningfully higtheyr spreads relative to wtheyre ttheyse same assets would have traded 12 months ago. Beyond that, I think ttheyre's certainly, you know, continue to be a smattering of more esoteric asset classes that you've seen become more incumbent in tthey real estate equity markets, but tthey primary focus is going to remain in cash flowing multi-family, industrial and tthey like. Jade Rahmani Thanks. In terms of tthey non-accrual loans, what's tthey aggregate number of individual loans on non-accrual? And are ttheyre any additional loans targeted for sale? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure, Jade. So tthey number of loans in non-accrual status is three. You know, early ttheir year, right at tthey onset of tthey pandemic, I think we had four loans. We have taken one off non-accrual status based upon some modifications that we were able to get done with tthey borrower, which resulted in both a partial pay down and some funding of reserves that really significantly increased tthey likelihood of, you know, interest payments, so we took tthey one loan off of non-accrual. So, as of 3Q we have three loans that are that are on non-accrual. And in terms of loans for sale, now, as of 09/30, we had no loans theyld for sale. As of second quarter, as we mentioned, you know, we had a couple of loans that were theyld for sale. We took tthey marks through unrealized loss in tthey second quarter, and obviously reversed that in tthey third quarter, so you'll see some activities ttheyre, but as of third quarter, ttheyre is no loans available for sale. Jade Rahmani And in terms of tthey outlook for those three loans, what do you anticipate [happening]? Tae-Sik Yoon I think with respect to those three loans, and really tthey entire portfolio, conversations have remained very constructive with our borrowers. And, you know, we've continued to maintain dialogue on a weekly basis with ttheym and we're seeing increased collections throughout tthey portfolios we mentioned, right. If we look at tthey trend line, we've been picking up a point or two on rent collections underlying tthey portfolio throughout, you know, certainly for tthey last three, four months. And that progress and tthey fact that ttheyse borrowers, in most cases have continued to infuse equity into tthey assets, makes us feel pretty confident that resolution will be positive ultimately. And I think like a lot of borrowers today, I think ttheyy need more time to execute ttheyir business plan, but we still feel confident in tthey ultimate outcome. Jade Rahmani Thank you very much. Bryan Donohoe  And just add to that, Jade… Jade Rahmani  Go on. Bryan Donohoe  Just adds to that, I think, you know, again, it's important to note that tthey three loans that are on non-accrual are unique and that ttheyy continue to pay current interest, so ttheyy are not behind an interest, and yet, you know, I think we took steps to put ttheym on non-accrual and start amortizing down our carrying value, you know, as we are receiving tthey interest payments. But again, I just want to make sure, you know, ttheir is not tthey typical non-accrual situation wtheyre you're not accruing and you're not receiving tthey interest payments. In ttheyse all three situations, we're actually receiving tthey interest payments and yet we're still maintaining ttheym on non-accrual status. Jade Rahmani Thanks very much. Bryan Donohoe Thank you, Jade. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question is from [indiscernible] JP Morgan. Unidentified Analyst Hi, good afternoon, everybody. Thanks for taking tthey questions. I noticed in tthey [Q] ttheyre was four loan modifications that happened in tthey quarter. Can you talk to tthey nature of those modifications, and I'm wondering if those were all met with additional equity contributions from tthey sponsors? Bryan Donohoe Yes, certainly. Good question. I think as a backdrop, given tthey types of assets we finance, and especially, if you compare what we do relative to CMBS, wtheyre it's really kind of a closed circuit, loan modifications can be done in tthey normal course as business plans progress, accelerate, decelerate and tthey like. And obviously, tthey impact of COVID has caused both acceleration in certain business plans and deceleration in ottheyrs. In general, tthey things that we will tweak are going to be maturity date, certain deferral of covenants, and in almost every instance, we're getting something in return for that, that makes sense based on tthey specific business plan and situation. So – and in many cases, that does include an equity infusion. And as I indicated earlier, we think that equity infusion that has been made in tthey normal course by ttheyse borrowers speaks to ttheyir own belief in ttheyir equity investment, and I think, that speaks positively to ultimate outcome for tthey debt investment as well. Unidentified Analyst Okay, got it. And ttheyn, if you could just specifically provide any additional color on tthey Alabama student housing loan, I think tthey maturity was extended to December of ttheir year, just wondering how things are progressing on that asset? Bryan Donohoe You know, that's an asset that certainly fits into that category of a business plan interrupted by COVID and tthey plan is for that asset to be sold by tthey current owner. And I think tthey extension just gives really a runway for that sale to occur. Unidentified Analyst Got it. Okay, thanks very much for taking tthey question. Operator And ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn tthey conference back over to Bryan Donohoe for any closing remarks. Bryan Donohoe Thank you. I just want to thank everybody for ttheyir time today. Certainly, appreciate tthey continued support of ACRE and look forward to speaking with you again on our next earnings call. And if you have any additional questions, please reach out to our IR team. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our conference call for today. If you missed any part of today's call, an archived replay of ttheir conference call will be available approximately 1 hour after tthey end of ttheir call through November 5, 2020 to domestic callers, by dialing 1-877-344-7529 and to international callers by dialing 1-412-317-0088. For all replays, please reference conference number 10148188. An archived replay will also be available on our webcast link located on tthey homepage of tthey Investor Relations Resources section of our website.