Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation (NYSE:ACRE) Q2 2018 Earnings Conference Call July 26, 2018 11:00 AM ET Executives Veronica Mendiola - Investor Relations Jamie Henderson - Chief Executive Officer Tae-Sik Yoon - Chief Financial Officer Carl Drake - Investor Relations John Stilmar - Investor Relations Analysts Steven DeLaney - JMP Securities Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James & Associates Douglas Harter - Credit Suisse Richard Shane - J.P. Morgan Jade Rahmani - KBW, Inc. Kenneth Bruce - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Benjamin Zucker - BTIG LLC Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation's Conference Call to discuss tthey Company's Second Quarter 2018 earnings results. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded on July 26th, 2018. I will now turn tthey call over to Veronica Mendiola from Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Veronica Mendiola Thank you, Bryan. Good morning and thank you for joining us on today's conference call. I’m joined today by our CEO, Jamie Henderson; our CFO, Tae-Sik Yoon; and Carl Drake and John Stilmar from Investor Relations. In addition to our press release and tthey 10-Q that we filed with tthey SEC, we have posted an earnings presentation under tthey Investor Resources section of our website at www.arescre.com. Before we begin, I want to remind everyone that comments made during tthey course of ttheir conference call and webcast and tthey accompanying documents contain forward-looking statements and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many of ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified by tthey use of words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, will, should, may and similar expressions. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations of market conditions and management's judgment. Ttheyse statements are not guarantees of future performance, condition or results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Tthey Company's actual results could differ materially from those expressed in tthey forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors including those listed in its SEC filings. Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. During ttheir conference call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. We use ttheyse as measures of operating performance and ttheyse measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Ttheyse measures may not be comparable to like titled measures used by ottheyr companies. I will now turn tthey call over to Jamie Henderson, who will begin with our second quarter highlights. Jamie Henderson Thank you Veronica, good morning everyone and thanks for joining our call today. Let me start with some high level commentary on our second quarter results. We reported anottheyr strong quarter as we continue to benefit from recent profitability improvement initiatives and our predominantly match funded floating rate investment portfolio. For tthey second quarter we generated GAAP in core earnings of $0.33 and $0.35 per share up 39% and 46% respectively from tthey same period last year. Our earnings benefited from a higtheyr average portfolio balance as we more efficiently redeployed repaid capital into loans with attractive risk adjusted returns. In addition, we continue to enjoy tthey benefits of our senior floating rate portfolio strategy, as LIBOR increases drove incremental earnings during tthey quarter. And finally, tthey reduced cost of our liabilities also contributed to our year-over-year growth and earnings. Given tthey higtheyr level of earnings that we have obtained we are increasing our quarterly dividend by anottheyr penny for tthey second time ttheir year. our third quarter dividend will be $0.29 per share. Our ability to redeploy capital more efficiently and remain more fully invested underscores tthey progress we are making to broaden our product mix and leverage our national coverage in market segments that maybe less efficiently covered by tthey competition. During tthey second quarter, we originated five new loan commitments for 215 million across a variety of property types. Consistent with our current portfolio tthey new loans close were primarily senior floating rate loans, supplemented by Select Junior Capital Investments. Tthey largest loan we originated was $68 million senior loan to finance tthey acquisition of tthey portfolio of hotels with strong brand affiliation located in attractive markets throughout tthey specific North West. Tthey loan will support a high quality sponsors business plan to improve common areas and [indiscernible] in order to increase revenues. During our diligence process, we work closely with Ares Real Estate Private Equity team and leverage ttheyir knowledge and insights into ttheir hospitality brand and market segment. A real estate equity team has extensive experience in acquiring and repositioning hotels and has owned over 38,000 key since inception. Having started tthey year since we fully invested, tthey team has done a nice job of matching new investments to repayments. Throughout tthey second quarter, our loan commitments totaled 310 million, with approximately 257 million in funding, which is in line with our repayments of approximately 238 million. In addition, our anticipated gross leverage returns on our new loans remain consistent with returns on repaid loans within our targeted levels of low double digits. Commercial real estate fundamentals remain strong with theyalthy macroeconomic tailwinds. And tthey market remains very competitive, we are finding attractive new investments through our platform advantages, broad reach and geographic coverage. We are off to a strong start in tthey third quarter having executed 160 million in term ttheyyets and transactions expected to close in tthey next few months. I will now turn tthey call over to Tae-Sik to discuss our second quarter results in furttheyr details. Tae-Sik Yoon Great, thank you, Jamie, and good morning everyone. Earlier today, we reported GAAP net income of 9.3 million or $0.33 per common share and core earnings of 10.1 million or $0.35 per common share for tthey second quarter of 2018. Our core earnings increased by $0.11 per common share versus a comparable period for 2017 and ttheir was really driven by three primary factors. First, we theyld approximately 300 million more in interest-earning assets during tthey second quarter of 2018 versus tthey same period last year due to increased loan production. Second, as you know, we significantly reduced tthey overall cost of our $110 million term loan in late 2017. We are seeing tthey earnings benefit from tthey lower cost of ttheir liability come through in tthey first half of 2018. And finally, as we have spoken about ttheir in tthey past, our balance ttheyyet is well positioned to take advantage of rising short-term interest rates and as expected we experienced an approximate $0.03 per common share lift to our core earnings in tthey second quarter of 2018 as one month LIBOR increased approximately 90 basis points year-over-year. As far as repayment activity during tthey second quarter of 2018, it was relatively light at 92 million. However, as some of ttheyse repayments occurred prior to ttheyir stated maturities, we did recognize approximately $0.02 per common share in tthey second quarter of 2018 from accelerating remaining unamortized fees. For tthey first half of 2018, loan repayments totaled 238 million. Going forward, we do expect theyavier repayment activity in tthey second half of ttheir year with aggregate repayments for 2018, exceeding prior year levels. Our investment portfolio continues to perform well with no impairments or realized losses. However, as we have discussed previously, as a commercial real estate lender primarily focused on working with borrowers under value-added business plans, we do expect to experience loan defaults from time to time. Accordingly, we diligently underwrite and structure our loans with ttheyse risks in mind and in addition as part of Aries management we have tthey in-house experience, staff and capabilities to manage defaulted loans and if necessary take back properties and manage ttheym. As described in our 10-Q filed earlier today, we have one senior loan with tthey principal balance of 38.6 million collateralized by a nationally branded full-service hotel that is in maturity default. Tthey loan was due in early June 2018 and we continue to work with tthey borrowers on ttheir loan. We have evaluated tthey loan for impairment and have concluded that no charge or reserve is necessary as of June 30, 2018. Our conclusion is based on a multitude of factors including collateral value, for which we have recently received an updated appraisal and an assessment of property cash flow. As of tthey most recent financial reports we have received, tthey hotel property continues to generate positive cash flow sufficient to pay regular interest due on tthey loan. Regular interest on tthey loan is current as of June 30, 2018 and we have not put tthey loan on nonaccrual status. Finally as Jamie mentioned earlier, our board declared a furttheyr midyear increase to our quarterly dividend to $0.29 per common share for tthey third quarter of 2018. Ttheir dividend will be payable on October 16, 2018 to stockholders of record as of September 28 2018. So with that, I will turn tthey call back over to Jamie for some closing remarks. Jamie Henderson Thanks Tae-Sik. In closing we have generated two really strong quarters of earnings thus far in 2018 and ttheyse positive earnings drivers should remain in place going forward. While we expect to experience more repayments during tthey second half of tthey year, we believe that tthey steps that we are taking to broaden our investments scope, expand our market coverage and furttheyr leverage tthey capabilities of tthey broader Aries platform have improved our ability to reinvest our repayments maintain a nearly fully invested status. Looking forward, we feel really good about tthey operational progress that we have made we feel that we have more operational and investment efficiencies that we can capitalize on gradually over time. We like our market position as a nimble middle-market lender with a well diversified portfolio of nearly all senior floating rate in short duration loans that we believe we will perform well over different economic environments. With that, I would like to now ask tthey operator to please open tthey line for questions and answers. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] and our first question today comes from Steve Delaney with JMP Securities. Please go atheyad. Steven Delaney Thanks. Hello everyone and congratulations on a strong quarter. I was wondering if you would just comment Jamie on your appetite or your need for growth capital at ttheir point, it strikes me that you guys are in a really good place right now in terms of replacing runoff and staying reasonably invested, but just curious how you see looking out over tthey next six to 12 months tthey opportunity in front of you versus your existing capital base. Thanks. Jamie Henderson Good morning, Steve. Thanks very much, that's a great question and you know we get that question pretty frequently. Clearly, you know, we aspire to grow, you know we really like our position right now as - with regards to not having an enormous weight of capital to deploy. We think it allows us to pick our spots very nimbly and I think tthey team has done an excellent job of matching really good new originations of proceeds from repayments. And I think we have always you know reiterated to tthey market that as we come to tthey market to raise new capital we will do it in a way that that doesn't dilute our existing shareholders. Steven Delaney You are being clear on that for sure. Ttheyre are obviously a lot of instruments out ttheyre we're seeing active in tthey market so it seems that you do have some opportunity for incremental financing if you wish to choose it, but I can appreciate you are being disciplined and not putting growth atheyad of profitability. Maybe Tae-Sik ttheir is probably best directed to you, like tthey penny at a time kind of dividend strategy. I think it probably serves you better overtime than one big lump sum pop in tthey dividend. I wondered if you could comment though, since your earnings have moved significantly higtheyr. How are you running in terms of distributions against your year-to-date projected taxable income you know tthey two half that ttheir for full year? And if you are under distributed what are your thoughts about how you will meet tthey distribution requirement going forward? Thanks. Tae-Sik Yoon Sure, good morning Steve and thanks for your question. No, you are absolutely right. As a REIT, we obviously do have distribution requirements based upon our taxable income, not based upon our GAAP income. We have also said in tthey past that our taxable income for tthey most part is pretty close to our GAAP income as well as our cash flow. So ttheyre is not a big disparity. We have obviously so far in tthey year, have significantly out earned our dividends, both in terms of GAAP income and core earnings income. We haven't fully assessed our taxable income, but it's pretty much in line with again with tthey GAAP and core measures. So I think, under tthey REIT loss, we do have some flexibility as to how we treat dividends, we do have some flexibility as to so-called rollover potential some of tthey taxable income that we might have. But we do obviously very much bear in mind tthey requirements under tthey REIT laws to make sure that we are in full compliance with that. Having said all that, I think tthey dividend that we want to set for tthey company are very much driven by management and of course Board's approval and ttheyir viewpoint on tthey outlook of our earnings being going forward. So clearly we have experienced very good growth in our earnings and that's what led to tthey increase in tthey dividend midyear, which again was a second increase ttheir year, having raised it for tthey first quarter of 2018. And I think on a go forward basis, we have a number of tools to manage tthey [REIT[ (Ph) requirements, some of which would be to roll over to gain, some of which would to make special distributions or one-time distributions, some of which would be to obviously increase dividends overall. So ttheyre is a number of options we have. We have all that obviously in mind. You are asking very insightful question. But I do think that our dividend policy, our regular dividend policy is very much based upon our assessment of our earnings potential and outlook. Steven Delaney Thanks for tthey comments. Tae-Sik Yoon Absolutely. Thanks you Steve. Operator Next question comes from Steptheyn Laws with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Steptheyn Laws Hi good morning and congratulations on a strong quarter. Tae-Sik I appreciate tthey comments on tthey maturity to default, I was going to ask about that so I appreciate you providing color ttheyre. To touch on tthey leverage and tthey maturity, can you talk about wtheyre you are comfortable operating portfolio leverage? Are you looking to maybe increase leverage in tthey third quarter atheyad of tthey October sctheydule of repayments or kind f how are you thinking about tthey chunk of capital that comes back in October you will need to be redeployed? Tae-Sik Yoon Great. Steptheyn good morning, thank you for participating in our call ttheir morning. It’s a very good question. I think in terms of leverage, let me talk generically about leverage and ttheyn more specific about your question about would we look to potentially leverage up a little bit more anticipation of tthey two large loans that are coming due in early October. So in terms of our overall leverage policy, I think we have said in tthey past that our goal is to be more or less plus or minus three to one debt-to-equity. Maybe you will see that fluctuate as we have more production as we have some repayments also will depend upon tthey type of loans we do. One of tthey reasons, I think we are at higtheyr end of that range, right now we ended tthey quarter second quarter at 3.2 debt-to-equity is because we are again 97% senior and all of tthey warehouse financing, all of our CLO financing, all of our term on financing is all on balance ttheyyet. So unlike doing a lot of mezzanine or B notes wtheyre tthey embedded debt that may be subordinate to is not on your balance. Wtheyn you are doing a senior loan all of tthey debt that’s atheyad of your in terms of warehouse facilities, securitization is on balance ttheyyet. So I just want to make that clear that it's not always an apple-to-apple comparison wtheyn you look at anottheyr balance ttheyyet that may appear less leverage, but that may be because ttheyy have more subordinate loans that don't consolidate tthey underlying leverage. So again 97% senior loan and ttheyrefore virtually all of tthey senior debt atheyad of us is on balance ttheyyet. So with that, you know, we are at 3.2 to one, which to us is a comfortable level. I think that is our target level and that is wtheyre we find we think we generate tthey best enhanced level of levered returns without undue risk on our financing facilities. Tthey second thing just to mention is that you know we have been very steadfast in maintaining a match funded balance ttheyyet, meaning that we match fund in terms of both interest rate risk as well as term, so 99% of our assets are floating rate, 100% of our liabilities are floating rate and ttheyy are both indexed to U.S. one month LIBOR. So very well match funded, that really gives rise to what we mentioned before about us benefiting from rising LIBOR rate, because we are so well match funded on our assets and liabilities. Tthey second way we obviously match fund is tthey term of tthey assets and liabilities. Tthey average weighted term of our assets is under two years, tthey weighted average life of our liabilities is 2.7 years. So again, we want to make sure that our liabilities don't come due before tthey maturity of our assets. And ttheyn really tthey third general policy, if you want it call it, with respect to leverage is that we will lever different debt-to-equity depending on tthey type of assets as well as tthey type of facilities. So we will use higtheyr leverage wtheyn we have done securitization. So our last securitizations FL 3 we were slightly better than four to one debt-to-equity which is higtheyr than what we would normally do at three to one. However, very low cost of financing, nonrecourse match funded and tthey type of asset that we put in as collateral were very much cash flowing multifamily focused with a good diversity base. So in those kind of situations we would be more comfortable taking leverage up to that four to one level, wtheyreas your typical warehouse line, your typical loan facility I think that three to one level you know is an appropriate level of debt-to-equity. Having said all that, you know in response to your more specific questions about would we lever more in anticipation, tthey answer is yes, but not fully, we're not going to lever up tthey balance ttheyyet of four to one in anticipation of tthey loan coming due and find ourselves in a difficult position if that doesn't happen. But again our goal is to remain as fully invested without taking undue risk, so would we look to lever up a little more than we would ottheyrwise, tthey answer is yes. So that we can stay atheyad of anticipated repayments but we are not going to lever up to anticipate tthey full repayment in October for example. Apologies for tthey long answer. Steptheyn Laws Great I appreciate it. No it's a great color and I appreciate it, it's given tthey financing capacity that you guys break out in your supplemental it certainly seems like that allows you tthey flexibility to manage your pipeline and repayments in a way to keep capital fully deployed and close to tthey target leverage, so that's great. Maybe a broader question. Jamie, can you talk about sourcing and what you are seeing on competition out ttheyre. Maybe wtheyre you are seeing tthey best opportunities, I assume it's outside of tthey top 10 MSAs and clearly looks like multifamily and office you know remain tthey two biggest exposures for ttheyir particular asset classes you like or property types that you like or don't like in tthey market today. Jamie Henderson Sure, thank you Steve and you know wanted to also thank you for your coverage, really happy to Raymond James on board. So I guess I will take that in a couple of parts. You know tthey market is competitive, that's no secret, I think you are going to theyar that across tthey Board on tthey competitors' earnings calls. I will say we think you know we built a material competitive advantage into our platform and Ares through tthey years has invested very theyavily in building out a regional office system, we have tthey origination offices both debt and equity in New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, Dallas and Atlanta and we have a small outpost in Washington DC. We think that that's a really intrinsic advantage. It gives us a much broader coverage of tthey midmarket space wtheyre we transact. I think if you look at our portfolio its somewhat different than a lot of tthey competitors in terms of wtheyre we land and tthey size of deals that we do. Our average loan balances is between $40 million and $50 million and we somewhat systematically avoided tthey very large loan space in tthey gateway cities, not to say that's a bad strategy, it’s just a different strategy. So we feel pretty good about our ability to source deals, maybe get a little better coverage in markets wtheyre tthey competition is less active, strong ground game, I think leads to better credit outcomes for us. With regard to tthey composition of our portfolio. You can see it's theyavily weighted to multi and office. We like both of those asset classes and I think tthey rest of portfolio is really well diversified into asset classes wtheyre we are going to take less exposures and also really well diversified geographically. Steptheyn Laws Great. Thanks a lot for tthey color ttheyre and again congratulations on a very nice second quarter. Jamie Henderson Great. Thank you Steptheyn. Operator Tthey next question comes from Doug Harter with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Douglas Harter Thanks. Just first on tthey one maturity default. I was wondering if you could give us any sense of timeline as to resolution on that. Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. Good morning Doug, thanks for y our question. So as we mentioned tthey maturity default just happened. Tthey loan was due in early June, so ttheyre hasn’t been a lot of time since tthey maturity default. We are obviously working very closely with tthey bar on tthey situation. In ttheir situation wtheyre ttheir is a hotel that underwent a fairly extensive room renovation, some common area renovation and it has not yet restabilized coming out of that renovation. We of course are evaluating all of our options, as we mentioned as a value add transitional senior lender we are very focused on making sure that we have all of our rights in tthey documents. As we mentioned, we have a very strong management capabilities, customer serving capabilities embedded within tthey Ares real estate management operations. So we feel we are very well positioned to make sure we exercise all remedies. Obviously one of tthey options is to modify and give tthey borrower more time. Anottheyr option is to possibly seek to take back tthey asset, ttheyre are a lot of different avenues that we can go down. As far as your question of timeline, I don’t think I can really give you anything more specific. I think, again, as we mentioned, tthey loan is current. Tthey property is cash flowing. So tthey regular interest payment on tthey loan is current and has been current. And we anticipate that it will continue to perform, so that we set that level. But as far as timeline of wtheyn we would have ultimate resolution, I think that's a little bit too early to kind of give you any more specifics. Douglas Harter Alright. Thanks Tae-Sik. And ttheyn I guess if we could just look out, I guess you talked about a couple of big maturities in October, but just tthey outlook for maturities and your comfort with tthey kind of credit quality given that maturity sctheydule. Tae-Sik Yoon Sure, so as I mentioned, we have had 238 million of loan repayments for tthey first half of ttheir year, which was pretty much average for what we have experienced last couple of years. I think we have seen some furttheyr likely repayments come to fruition than we did early ttheir year. I think earlier ttheir year, we had thought that our total repayments for tthey year would be about average that we have experienced in last couple of years around 600 million to 700 million. I think we now see that repayments in tthey second half of 2018, we think it's going to be greater. We don't know for sure of course. It’s not based upon somewhat data maturity ottheyr than some of tthey loans that we talked. But we are finding that some of tthey loans that don't actually come to mature second half of ttheir year have accelerated ttheyir business plans. And so that ttheyre is an increased likelihood for tthey payments and that's why we mentioned that right now that we do expect theyavier repayment in tthey second half versus tthey first half and that tthey aggregate for 2018 will exceed or likely to exceed prior year’s levels. But I think that's probably you know a good statement with respect to credit, because we believe that tthey business plan that ttheyse assets are experiencing are basically trending you know atheyad of time. Jamie Henderson And Doug ttheir is Jamie. I will just add to that a little bit. As you know, theirtorically fourth quarters has been very strong originations quarter for us. We don't see that changing ttheir quarter, and we have also you know invested theyavily in beefing up tthey originations, staff and adding in geographies wtheyre we were underrepresented. So we're investing upfront in anticipation of getting ttheyse repayments. Douglas Harter That's theylpful. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Rick Shane with JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Richard Shane Guys, thanks for taking my questions. Wtheyn we look at slide four tthey implication of slide four in terms of tthey floating rate, fixed rate mix is that tthey yield on tthey portfolio should have a beta of almost one to LIBOR, and tthey reality is that over tthey last 12 months wtheyre we have good data tthey beta to LIBOR has been about half of that. And I think everybody understands tthey competitive pressures that have driven that. My question is tthey following, given wtheyre you are right now tthey fact that ttheyre is significant reinvestment need and tthey potential significant reinvestment need in tthey second half of tthey year. How do you weigh tthey idea as you start to approach book value again in terms of multiple of tthey benefits of scale versus tthey opportunity to maximize returns by being a little bit smaller in tthey current environment? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure, good morning Rick ttheir is Tae-Sik. Maybe I will take tthey first part of tthey question and maybe throw tthey second part of tthey question over to Jamie. You know as far as how we're positioned relative to rising LIBOR you know not obviously haven't see tthey math behind tthey 50% sort of correlation that you referred to. But you know as I mentioned, wtheyn we have experienced a hypottheytical 100 basis points rise in LIBOR, we would anticipate about a $0.13 increase in our core earnings, which if you divide that by our book value of 14.70 and change you know is around 90 basis point. So may not be quite a 100%, but I think you know you will see its significantly higtheyr than I think that 50% that you mentioned and in fact you know in tthey last 12 months quarter-to-quarter, second quarter of 2017, second quarter of 2018 you know ttheyre has been about a 90 basis point increase in LIBOR. As we mentioned, for tthey quarter we experienced about a $0.03 increase in our earnings. Again if you were to annualize that, I think it would be closer to that 90 basis point increase in ROE based upon tthey increase in LIBOR. And again that's because as you said, virtually all of our assets are floating-rate, all indexed to U.S. one month LIBOR. Ttheyre are no floors in place and all of our liabilities are also again floating-rate LIBOR all indexed to one month LIBOR. Richard Shane Got it, so my back in tthey envelope math is literally looking at tthey 40 to 50 basis point increase in all in yield on tthey portfolio versus tthey 100 basis point increase in LIBOR. I attribute tthey ROE enhancement to more efficient financing in part because you have less undrawn and also because you have been able to lower your financing cost. It is interesting you are right, it gets you wound up to some extent wtheyre tthey interest rate sensitivity would suggest, but my instinct is that it's more liability driven than asset driven in fact. Tae-Sik Yoon Got it. No I think I understand your math and I think tthey difference between our portfolio unlevered effective yield, as you mentioned tthey 40 to 50 ttheyre, that's partly offset ttheyn by a little less spread on tthey assets right, because that 6.8 all in asset yield as you will see as of 2Q, 2018 that's a combination of LIBOR plus asset spread. So you are right, LIBOR is increased 90 and some of that has been offset by decreases in tthey asset yield in tthey borrowings spread. Jamie Henderson And Rick just to build upon that. I think that's been delivered on our part. I think we have maintained quite a lot of credit disciplines. We see every single deal that tthey competition sees for tthey most part, and we have elected not to really reach for yield. And I'm thrilled that our portfolio is almost entirely floating-rate first mortgages. I think it’s a great place to be at ttheir point in tthey cycle, particularly in a rising rate environment and we are seeing tthey accretion every single quarter. With regarding your second question - I’m sorry go atheyad. Richard Shane No, go atheyad, that’s what I want to circle to, go atheyad please, sorry. Jamie Henderson I think if I understood your questions, how do you weigh tthey benefits of scale versus, having excess capital in a competitive market is that? I just want to make sure I’m answering right question. Richard Shane That’s exactly, and ttheyn realize tthey irony of me asking that question, because I have been asking about building scale on tthey balance ttheyyet for so long. Jamie Henderson Yes. So once again I’m really happy with wtheyre we sit, because we are in a very managed, controlled environment in terms of how much capital we need to deploy. We have invested a lot into people and process to allow us to be more efficient in our deployment. Wtheyn and if we elect to go to tthey capital markets and raise capital, it will be done in a way that's non-dilutive and it will be done at a time wtheyn we feel we can efficiently and rapidly invest tthey capital. Once we grow our capital base, as you all know, it's very accretive to earnings because it more efficiently absorbs tthey fixed overtheyads. Richard Shane Got it. Okay, thank you very much. Jamie Henderson You are welcome. Thanks Rick. Operator Tthey next question comes from Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please go atheyad. Jade Rahmani Hi thanks very much. What are your thoughts around M&A? Are ttheyre any interesting potential combination opportunities? And without being specific could you characterize dramatically wtheyttheyr ttheyy would expand into additional business lines complementary areas diversification type strategies? Or would it be ore expansion of what you are currently doing? Jamie Henderson Yes, thanks Jade. I will start and maybe Tae-Sik can finish. One of tthey great things of being inside Ares is we see enormous amounts of deal flow. Ares has a big private equity business. We have dedicated strategy team that does nothing but analyze and digest merger and acquisition opportunities. Tthey team is incredibly capable and it's a huge resource for Tae-Sik and I to quickly get to tthey bottom of deals. I would say we see everything that's coming through intermediaries and we see a theyck of a lot of off market flow as well. So I guess I will answer your question by saying, we look at everything. We are very, very active in tthey review of deals all tthey time, I mean it’s a big part of what Tae-Sik and I do. That being said, we will only pull tthey trigger to tthey extent that we think it's accretive. We see people paying a pretty theyfty multiples for platforms. And I will say it like ttheir, we look at everything, we analyze almost everything but we are extremely deliberate in discipline with regard to pulling tthey trigger. Jade Rahmani Thanks. Just on credit trends more broadly, anything you are seeing in tthey market that gives you pause, starting to see a couple of credit issues in tthey space, ttheyy seem one-off in nature, but in a benign environment I just wanted to see if you have noticed any changes in credit trends. Jamie Henderson So I wouldn't say noticing anything material in terms of credit trends. I don't see anything you know structural or secular. Look tthey U.S. macro picture is really good, I think unemployment claims are at close to a 50 year low that's absolutely remarkable. Healthy consumerism is a massive driver of GDP. GDP growth is excellent. Real GDP growth is probably approaching its best point in tthey cycle, corporate earnings are really strong with limited exception. So tthey drivers of theyalthy commercial real estate are all in place, good wind at our backs. Supply is pretty much in ctheyck, you know tthey cost of coming out of tthey ground now is pretty high and that you know theylps to mitigate new supply. I don't see rampant abuses of leverage, don't really see tthey equity trying to consume excess leverage and don't see tthey capital markets providing excess leverage. So generally speaking, I think it's pretty balanced. In ttheir business, ttheyre is always going to be onesy-twosies, I mean it's just tthey nature of you know tthey statistical probability of having one-off credit incidents in a large portfolio. It happens. Tthey real way to look at in my opinion is does tthey manager have tthey in-house capability of not only managing through that situation, but owning and operating and fixing tthey real estate if ttheyy had to. Jade Rahmani Just on tthey hotel maturity default, what submarket is that in and can you say what hotel flag is. Tae-Sik Yoon You know our policy is generally to really give tthey state, so as you will see in our list of loans you see that ttheir property is located in New York, really can't be more specific than that but it is in tthey state of New York. And as far as flag as I mentioned, it's a very well-known nationally branded flag, one that obviously everybody would be very, very well familiar with, but again our policy is not to give more specific than that. Jamie Henderson But you know good vibrant market, good flag. Jade Rahmani Is tthey loan in one of tthey CMBSs? Tae-Sik Yoon No. Jade Rahmani Was it securitized now? Tae-Sik Yoon No. Jade Rahmani Okay. And ttheyn just looking at tthey repayment outlook for tthey rest of tthey year, do you anticipate tthey self storage loan that matures in October to repay? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. So as you can imagine, you know we're in regular communications with tthey borrower and tthey borrower has indicated to us that ttheyy do plan and anticipate repayment at maturity. It's also noteworthy that tthey information that we're getting about that self storage asset ttheymselves ttheyy continue to perform well, we have in fact seen slight-slight pickups in occupancy you know at tthey portfolios. So we think that tthey portfolio is readily re-financeable, again it's good to see continued steady improvements of tthey properties ttheymselves. Again, to answer your question based upon our communication with tthey borrower, we do anticipate a repayment at maturity, but you know we will obviously have more furttheyr information on that. Jade Rahmani Great and are ttheyre any ottheyr loans that you think are at risk of missing sctheyduled maturity repayment in tthey second half of tthey year? Tae-Sik Yoon No, no. Ttheyre is nothing on our so-called watch list that would indicate. In fact as I mentioned, I think if anything we are seeing an acceleration of repayments, really tthey opposite direction. Jade Rahmani Just back to tthey hotel, it sounds from your remarks, not sure if I'm misinterpreting, but that ttheyre is a slight bias toward potentially taking back tthey asset ttheir is tthey first time I have theyard you guys emphasizing Ares Special Servicing capabilities ability to own assets and fix real estate. I mean wtheyreas in tthey self storage case previously I don't think you were focused on that. You were focused on restructuring tthey loan, is that a correct interpretation. Jamie Henderson No, we are in tthey business of lending money and getting money back at tthey end of tthey loan, that’s our primary business. We are not a loan to own shop. But it's important to understand that we are very capable in tthey event that we needed to own something. If great equity business is at Ares with long track record, very successful track record of value-add equity investing, including hotels. So that's never our goal, but God forbid if that came to pass we are extremely well-equipped to deal with it. Jade Rahmani Thanks for taking tthey questions. Jamie Henderson Thank you Jade. Tae-Sik Yoon Thank you Jade. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Ken Bruce with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go atheyad. Kenneth Bruce Hi, thanks good morning. My questions are going to be revisiting some earlier ones, one from Rick and I think one for Steve or a combination of tthey two. I guess you know as we have looked out over tthey past year or so, you have seen some margin compression that has occurred and as was pointed out some of that's been offset by better funding. I guess as you are looking into tthey back half of tthey year, wtheyre you do have some accelerated repayment. What are your thoughts in terms of your ability to continue to maintain tthey economics in tthey business generally like ttheyy are? And do you see any potential risk for margin compression as you look forward? Jamie Henderson Ken its Jamie Henderson. Thank you. That's a great question. So I guess I will take that in two parts. Number one, it's really hard to guess wtheyre tthey capital markets are going to be and wtheyre our spreads are going to be in tthey future. I will say it feels to us like ttheyre has been slowing in tthey rate of compression over tthey course of last few quarters. And I look at wtheyre we are reinvesting proceeds versus wtheyre - of those loans that are paying off its pretty close. So that feels really good. I think it's no secret that spreads have to come in. But I think on balance, both tthey originations team and Tae-Sik’s team managing our liabilities has done a great job of preserving solid NIMs. Kenneth Bruce And ttheyn I guess tthey ottheyr adjunct question is, to tthey degree that you do see margin compression. I think Tae-Sik had alluded to being willing to take up leverage to offset that, did I interpret that correctly? Tae-Sik Yoon Ken, sorry if that was a misunderstanding. No, I think our goal with respect to our leverage is to lower tthey cost of leverage alright. And I think you have seen a increase in our leverage versus a year ago, because we have simply put out tthey capital at tthey three to one target debt-to-equity levels, but tthey increase in tthey leverage from a year ago wasn't due to spread compression, but it was due to us targeting a certain level of return using leverage to enhance those overall returns. So it's not due to spread compression, but it's really again I think our overall business plan to really be at three to one. And wtheyn we saw us a year ago at 2.5 to one or lower two to one, it was because we were under deployed. And obviously what we always want to do is, invest our equity capital first and ttheyn lever up from ttheyre. So it wasn't due to lower spreads on our assets. It was greater production that led to tthey higtheyr three to one debt-to-equity ratios. Jamie Henderson So you know we have tthey capacity, but we have been very disciplined in tthey application of leverage. Kenneth Bruce Right. No maybe I didn’t ask tthey question properly. So, we have seen a lot of capital come into certain sectors that’s obviously led to some level of margin compression you have kind of talked about earlier in tthey call just how your asset sensitivity has been essentially benefiting you as rates have risen, but as we kind of think through tthey math, it would look like ttheyre is some pressure on tthey overall economics of tthey business and one of tthey ways that you have been able to contend with that is obviously reduce your funding cost, but also use some of tthey structures to improve overall leverage CLO would be an example of that. So I'm trying understand what your willingness is to continue to do that to generate tthey similar returns in tthey business which I think is important as you kind of get through tthey theyavy reinvestment sctheydule in order to essentially still have that stability dividend and dividend coverage. Jamie Henderson And so I would answer like ttheir, I think we are blessed with exceptional capital markets team that is you know able to source very, very good leverage for us and we have also proven that we can use state-of-tthey-art CLO technology that allows us very attractive reinvestment periods. And wtheyn I look at some of tthey ottheyr CLOs coming to market I don't see that same you know structural benefit. So we're fully equipped it is just Tae-Sik and I spent a lot of time determining how to optimize and right now we feel pretty good about wtheyre we sit, but we do have additional capacity if we elect to use it. Kenneth Bruce Great. Okay, well I think that really covers it for me. So thank you very much and congratulations on anottheyr good quarter. Jamie Henderson Thank you Ken. Operator Next question comes from Ben Zucker with BTIG. Please go atheyad. Benjamin Zucker Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. All of ttheym were pretty much asked and answered, but from a high level what do you think it might take to bring back some of tthey positive momentum that we saw in tthey stock during tthey first part of tthey year. I think on tthey last conference call, you identified execution and earnings consistency as some of tthey keys to success and Jamie I'm just curious if you think that's still tthey case today. Jamie Henderson Yes, so thank you Ben, that's a great question. And you know we have been very clear about our objective to drive profitability through better execution and not through taking excess risk or applying excess leverage. I think tthey team has done a great job of delivering on that and we finittheyyd Q4 last year effectively fully invested. We have maintained that level of investment at attractive returns through Q1 and Q2, we're generating really solid consistent higtheyr level of earnings and we're you know steadily raising tthey dividend. Those are great outcomes and those are in line with what we told tthey market. So in terms of velocity of stock wtheyn I look at how some of tthey comps are trading I see what I think is really attractive value in ACRE. Benjamin Zucker I definitely theyar you on that Jamie, and as quick follow-up are ttheyre any thoughts about wtheyttheyr a new investment type might theylp tthey story. I think tthey CMBS, tthey B pieces in that market can generate unleveraged yields in tthey mid teens. So that always seems like a good place for a credit focus shop to maybe earn some outsized returns on its capital. What are you guys thoughts on that market and investment type? Jamie Henderson So you know we have tthey luxury of being able to take relative value approach in terms of our primary business which is floating-rate first mortgages, we're still seeing really good relative value ttheyre. You can see that tthey Company's earnings are increasing and we're more or less sticking to our knitting with regard to that line of business, but we also have full capabilities at Ares to add ottheyr elements to tthey portfolio if we see relative value. So we have a team at Ares dedicated solely to B piece investing, you know we have large team dedicated solely to equity investing. So if we saw a relative value or wtheyn we see relative value in those sectors and furttheyrmore we have full teams on tthey ground in Europe that are buying, improving, and cash flowing equity real estate. So it’s a fairly simple matter for us to lend over ttheyre, wtheyn and if we see relative value. So we are relative value shop, we have a great seed to look at all forms of real estate investment. And wtheyn and if we see good relative value outside of our theirtoric primary lines of business, we will transact. Benjamin Zucker That’s theylpful. Thanks for your comments Jamie and congrats on a nice start to tthey year and tthey dividend increase guys. Jamie Henderson Great. Thanks very much Ben. Operator At ttheir time ttheir will conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Jamie Henderson for any closing remarks. Jamie Henderson Great. Thanks so much. I want to thank you all for your time today, really appreciate it, great questions and we look forward to speaking to you again in a few months on our next earnings call. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our conference call for today. If you have missed any part of today's call an archived replay of ttheir conference call will be available approximately one hour after tthey end of ttheir call through August 9, 2018. To domestic callers by dialing 1877-344-[indiscernible] and to international callers by dialing 1412-317-0088. For our replays please reference conference number 1012-1856. An archived replay will also be available on a webcast link located on tthey home page of tthey investors resources section of our website.