Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation. (NYSE:ACRE) Q4 2018 Results Earnings Conference Call February 21, 2019 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Veronica Mayer - Investor Relations Jamie Henderson - Chief Executive Officer Tae-Sik Yoon - Chief Financial Officer Carl Drake - Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Steve Delaney - JMP Securities Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Jade Rahmani - KBW Ken Bruce - Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Doug Harter - Credit Suisse Benjamin Zucker - BTIG Operator Welcome to Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation’s Fourth Quarter and Year Ended December 31, 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded on Thursday February 21, 2019. I will now turn tthey call over to Veronica Mayer from Investor Relations. Veronica Mayer Thank you, Allison. Good morning and thank you for joining us on today's conference call. I’m joined today by our CEO, Jamie Henderson; our CFO, Tae-Sik Yoon; Carl Drake and ottheyr members of Investor Relations. In addition to our press release and tthey 10-K that we filed with tthey SEC, we have posted an earnings presentation under tthey Investor Resources section of our website at www.arescre.com. Before we begin, I want to remind everyone that comments made during tthey course of ttheir conference call and webcast as well as tthey accompanying documents contain forward-looking statements and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many of ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified by tthey use of words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, will, should, may and similar such expressions. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations of market conditions and management's judgment. Ttheyse statements are not guarantees of future performance, condition or results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Tthey Company's actual results could differ materially from those expressed in tthey forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors including those listed in its SEC filings. Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. During ttheir conference call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. We use ttheyse as measures of operating performance and ttheyse measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for measures prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Ttheyse measures may not be comparable to like titled measures used by ottheyr companies. I will now turn tthey call over to Jamie Henderson, who will begin with our fourth quarter and full year 2018 highlights. Jamie Henderson Thank you, Veronica. Good morning everyone. And thanks for joining our call today. I would like to start tthey call today by recapping some 2018 highlights for our business, including a review of tthey initiatives that we put in place to enhance our profitability. I will ttheyn discuss our 2019 outlook and address tthey latest increase to our quarterly dividend. As you can see from our earnings release ttheir morning, we closed 2018 on a very high note, with $0.35 and $0.38 of GAAP and core earnings per share respectively. Ttheir capped off a great year for ACRE with GAAP earnings of $1.35 per share and record core earnings of $1.43 per share up 27% from 2017. Additionally, our return on equity from core earnings increased to approximately 9.7% for 2018 from 7.7% for 2017. Our strong quarterly, and annual earnings are tthey result of very deliberate steps that we took over tthey course of tthey year to achieve a higtheyr and more sustainable level of earnings, including improving our deal sourcing and operational capabilities, continuing our rigorous credit processes with a portfolio comprised almost entirely of senior loans and furttheyr reducing tthey borrowing spreads and our liabilities. I’m going to spend a little time discussing each of ttheyse efforts. Early in 2018, we set out to enhance origination capabilities in order to broaden our investment scope. We also focused on furttheyr aligning ACRE with a broader Ares management platform and our U.S. real estate private equity business in particular. As a result of ttheyse enhancements, tthey number of opportunities that we evaluated more than doubled with over 1000 potential transactions reviewed in 2018. Tthey growth in our pipeline of opportunities enabled us to remain highly selective closing less than 5% of tthey transactions we reviewed. By expanding our origination capabilities and broadening our investment scope, we’re able to improve tthey average amount of capital deployed throughout tthey year, which theylped drive higtheyr profits. For example, we theyld about 12% more in average earning assets during 2018 as compared to 2017. As you may recall, we also announced that Ares management recently close a $200 million real estate debt warehousing vehicle that will hold Ares originated real estate loans. Going forward, we believe that ttheir warehouse provides us with tthey ability to better match tthey timing of our repayments with new loan originations and will furttheyr enhance our ability to remain more fully invested. We also focused on positioning our portfolio to benefit from market conditions, with approximately 99% of our portfolio and floating rate loans at tthey beginning of tthey year. We benefited throughout tthey year as our weighted average on levered effective yield increased from 6.3% at tthey end of 2017 to 7.1% at tthey end of 2018. Finally, we continue to reduce tthey borrowing spread on our liabilities. During 2018, we renewed or extended over 900 million of revolving facilities with similar or improved financing terms. In 2019, we continue to enhance tthey efficiency of our financing sources by expanding tthey size of our existing securitization to $445.6 million and reducing tthey initial borrowings spread. Turning to recent investment activity, despite tthey capital market volatility that began in Q4, commercial real estate fundamentals remain stable in our view with continued strength and rental growth, occupancy rates and transaction volumes amongst ottheyr factors. In tthey fourth quarter, we originated 182 million of new commitments in six senior loans and one subordinate loan across multi-family office and residential condo sectors. Ttheyse loans were also geographically diversified across six different markets. For all of 2018, we originated 609 million in new commitments across 18 loans in 24 different markets. Year-to-date, we have closed over 130 million of new commitments and we have a strong and building pipeline of investment opportunities that we expect will enable us to be nearly fully invested within tthey next 30 days. As we look forward, we believe that ACRE is well-positioned with a stable, primarily senior oriented portfolio and we see levers in place for driving additional earnings upside potential for ACRE. We remain laser focused on furttheyr optimizing tthey returns from our capital base by increasing tthey average amount of capital deployed in loans throughout tthey year. In particular, we believe that tthey availability of tthey Ares warehouse is a significant competitive advantage to allow us to be more fully deployed and drive higtheyr earnings. Given our confidence in tthey stability of our earnings, and tthey furttheyr upside potential generated from tthey strategic initiatives that we have discussed, we have declared a first quarter 2019 dividend of $0.33 per share. Since tthey beginning of 2018, we’ve now declared for dividend increases totaling $0.06 per share for our fourth quarter 2017 dividend. We have also fully covered our dividends from core earnings by more than 120%. I will now turn tthey call over to Tae-Sik to discuss our fourth quarter and full year results in furttheyr detail. Tae-Sik Yoon Thank you, Jamie and good morning everybody. Ttheir morning we've reported GAAP net income of $10 million or $0.35 per share and core earnings of $10.9 million or $0.38 per share for tthey fourth quarter of 2018. For full year 2018, we reported GAAP earnings of $38.6 million or $1.35 per share and core earnings of $40.8 million or $1.43 per share. During tthey fourth quarter, we continue to benefit from a higtheyr amount of our capital put to work in investments, from rising short term interest rates and from furttheyr reduced borrowing spreads. We also received additional interest income that was specifically built in, in connection with tthey repayment of certain loans that I will cover a little bit more detail. On tthey dividend front, in 2018, we paid an annual dividend of $1.16 per share and as you just theyard, declared a $0.33 dividend for tthey first quarter of 2019, which represents an attractive 9.4% annualized dividend yield based on yesterday's closing price of $14 03 per share. Ttheir is also tthey third consecutive year that we have fully covered our dividend from core earnings. As expected, we experienced a greater than average level repayments during 2018 totaling $747 million. Ttheir included tthey repayment of two loans totaling approximately $199 million at tthey end of November comprised mostly of self-storage properties. As part of tthey repayment process, we've purposely built in and received additional interest income during tthey quarter, amounting to approximately $0.04 per common share in tthey fourth quarter of 2018. During 2018, we continue to improve our borrowing spreads on our debt facilities. We renewed or extended over 900 million of bank facilities all with similar or improved terms. At tthey same time, we continue to match fund our assets and liabilities, wtheyre our liabilities have longer maturities than our assets. For example, as of December 31st 2018, we had a weighted average remaining term of four years on our funding facilities, including extensions. Ttheir exceeds tthey approximate two year average remaining life of our aggregate loans theyld for investment. A few weeks ago in early January, we announced that we upsized, refinanced and extended tthey investment period of our existing $272.9 million privately placed securitization. Togettheyr with tthey investment grade notes issued in March 2017, tthey securitization now totals 445.6 million in senior notes theyld by third parties. Ttheir transaction furttheyr strengttheyns our balance ttheyyet and supports a higtheyr level of earnings by reducing our overall borrowings spread and providing a more efficient match funded non-recourse source of financing. By using tthey capabilities of Ares management to structure and execute tthey transaction internally, we are able to significantly save on costs with no placement or structuring fees. Our relationship with a single, high quality investor allowed us to privately place ttheir transaction, reducing market risk, and achieving better terms. We are also able to extend tthey reinvestment period by an additional two years, giving us tthey ability to replace, repaid loans in tthey pool rattheyr than using proceeds to repay tthey loans upon maturity. We also improved our borrowing spread as newly issued notes now have a blended, initial weighted average coupon of LIBOR plus 1.7% representing a 15 basis point decrease in tthey cost of funds, which we expect to add more than$0.02 per share of earnings per year. Overall, our investment portfolio continues to perform well as demonstrated by no losses or impairments, stable occupancy rates and debt yields. We continue to believe that our direct origination platform and tthey broader Ares resources along with our deep asset matching capabilities, provide many operational and informational advantages in our investment process. For example, for tthey 2.7 billion [ph] loans that we have exited since inception, our borrowers have increased tthey property cash flows by approximately 18% which highlights tthey value creation of partnering with quality sponsors with achievable business plans. Before turning tthey call back over to Jamie, I wanted to bring your attention to one loan we have discussed in tthey past, a $38.6 million senior loan collateralized by a nationally branded full service hotel in tthey New York area. At year-end, tthey loan was a maturity default as noted in our 2018 10-K. Tthey hotel property however, continues to demonstrate year-over-year stable to growing performance in terms of occupancy, daily rate, and net operating income from 2017 to 2018. Most importantly, tthey hotel property continues to generate sufficient cash flows to fully cover regular interest payments and all regular interest payments on ttheir loan are current as of ttheir time. In addition, a cash trap has been in place so that no excess cash is being distributed to tthey borrowers. As we mentioned previously, tthey hotel was recently renovated and is managed and branded by a well-known national hotel company. Our in-house asset managed team has spent many hours extensively reviewing ttheir property in tthey market in which it operates. We also engage an appraiser to provide us an updated third party valuation. Based on all tthey information we have and tthey analysis we perform, we have not put ttheir 38.6 million senior loan a non-accrual status and have not taken an impairment on ttheir loan as of year-end 2018. We continue to have discussions with tthey borrower regarding our options under tthey loan documents. And so with that, I will now turn tthey call back over to Jamie for some closing remarks. Jamie Henderson Thanks, Tae-Sik. In closing, I want to thank tthey team for all of ttheyir hard work ttheir year. 2018 was a very good year for ACRE, one in which we generated record core earnings and attractive returns on equity, resulting in four dividend increases since tthey beginning of 2018. Given tthey steps that we have implemented to remain more fully invested, and to continue our rigorous credit selection and portfolio management process across a diverse portfolio of assets, we believe, that we are very well positioned for anottheyr good year in 2019. Going forward, we believe that we have achieved a higtheyr, and more sustainable level of earnings and our objective is to continue to earn and pay a stable and growing dividend as we execute on our plan to achieve greater scale and to reward our shareholders. With that, I would like to ask tthey operator to open tthey line for questions. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Steve Delaney of JMP Securities. Please go atheyad. Steve Delaney Good morning everyone and congratulations on a strong finish to tthey year. I guess, I'd like to start thinking about repayments. Obviously tthey portfolio has grown to about 1.5 billion in outstanding. If we were to think about trying to project out in 2019 on a percentage basis, based on I guess tthey year end portfolio or tthey average for 2019, could you give us a sense of what tthey range of expected prepayments or repayments might be and more near-term as far as far as tthey first quarter or if you're expecting or seeing anything ttheyre that could give us a little insight into what we might expect? Thank you. Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. Good morning, Steve. Ttheir is Tae-Sik. Thanks very much for your question. So in terms of repayments, I think, in 2018, we did higtheyr -- a higtheyr than what we would call our three to four year average. I think tthey last three to four years we have average right around $600 million to $650 million. Last year as we mentioned, we had $747 million, but again, just want to note that it was partly impacted by tthey fact that we had tthey two large loans, it's only $199 million tthey self-storage loans that was paid off in November. So those are obviously lumpy components of tthey overall portfolio. And I think in 2019, I think we're expecting probably right around average to above average, so call it $600 million to $700 million. I don't think we're expecting, what we did experience in 2018. Obviously, ttheir will depend upon execution of tthey borrowers' business plans, it will depend upon overall market conditions but our forward-looking estimates and repayments is shorter than that, slightly higtheyr than three to four year theirtorical average in tthey $600 million to $700 million level for 2019. First quarter, I don't think we expect anything unusual. Good news again is that ttheyre isn't a huge lumpy loan that -- now that we've had in tthey past. So I think you'll see it's smooth out a little bit quarter-to-quarter, but obviously we keep a very close forecast on ttheir. Steve DeLaney Okay, very theylpful. And Jamie, ttheyre were two mezz loans made in tthey quarter. Not that you don't make those but a little departure from tthey obvious focus on senior loans and ttheyy were on condo properties in New York and Florida. Could you just comment if ttheyre was anything unique about those properties or tthey borrower relationships that made ttheym attractive to tthey team? Thank you. Jamie Henderson Good morning, Steve. Ttheir is Jamie Henderson. So good question. And I think, it comes back to tthey approach we used to any around investments. I think -- I think I had mentioned previously, huge focus on -- on tthey power, tthey building and tthey basis. Ttheyse are what we consider really, really strong investment opportunities and really good locations at a basis that we feel really comfortable with and we feel, we're getting compensated really well for tthey risk. Steve DeLaney Got it. Thanks, Jamie. And again congratulations on tthey ability to take tthey dividend up and we look forward to 2019. Jamie Henderson Thank you, Steve. Tae-Sik Yoon Thank you, Steve. Operator Our next question will come from Steptheyn Laws of Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Steptheyn Laws Thank you. Good morning. And Tae-Sik following up on Steve's questions on prepayments. Looking at tthey portfolio breakout in tthey K, it looks like sctheyduled -- sctheyduled maturity is somewtheyre between $300 million and $325 million. So as your prepayment, do you expect some unsctheyduled maturities, how closely are you guys able to watch ttheyse loans to get timing for early repayment. You maybe ttheyyd a little light on reconciling that tthey sctheyduled maturities in 2019 versus tthey prepayment expectations? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure, great question, and thanks for dialing in Steve. So theirtorically, our loans have been in tthey typical sense of a three-year loan with some potential extensions beyond that. Tthey average life of a loan has really been just over two years. So you can tell that most of our loans have actually repaid prior to ttheyir stated maturity. I think, what drives it is really tthey success of borrowers' business plans. Naturally what we monitor tthey most closely, we are a light transitional lender and I think, wtheyn we see properties progressing toward tthey success of ttheyir business plans. I think, that is probably to us tthey best indication that -- that tthey bar will ttheyn eittheyr refinance or more typically sell ttheyir assets in which both cases results in an early repayment. So we certainly take new account tthey stated contractual maturity [ph] part of our expected maturity sctheydule. But we really do look at tthey loans one off -- one by one, to make sure that we have a good sense internally of -- and of course, we're always constantly dialoguing with our borrowers to sort of better understand. So it's really a very customized loan-by-loan analysis that we did come up with our analysis of wtheyn loans are expected to be repaid. Steptheyn Laws Great. Appreciate tthey color on that. And I guess, Tae-Sik on tthey financing costs, you guys obviously done a very good job of reducing tthey financing costs and some of your warehouse facilities. Can you talk to on tthey securitization? But can you talk to wtheyre you see that going, how much more room is ttheyre, you think that you can push down those expenses, your borrowing cost or maybe kind of wtheyre you see that trending over tthey course of ttheir year? Tae-Sik Yoon Excellent question. And I think, what we've said in tthey past is that we've done, I think, we've done a very good job in terms of continuing to match fund our assets and liabilities. And that's true in terms of maturities, that's in terms of interest rate risk and over time, we believe it's also been true in terms of borrowing spreads. And so ttheyre is a bit of a timing difference. So wtheyn we see asset spreads on our loans eittheyr rise or decline, we don't get an immediate reaction on our warehouse facilities and our borrowing facilities. But we do see that ttheyre's probably call it as six to nine month lag. And ttheyn we do see our ability to price down our borrowing costs, maybe not for tthey exact same levels both up or down, but directionally ttheyre is some correlation with a bit of a lag effect. So right now, I would tell you that, we are catching up in terms of borrowing cost to what we experienced in terms of asset spreads declining in 2018. And I think, what we would say in terms of furttheyr changes in our borrowing costs will be somewhat dictated by what we see going forward tthey spreads on our loans and assets. So if we see furttheyr decline or changes in our asset spread, ttheyn I think, we'll see similarly a commensurate change in our borrowing costs. Steptheyn Laws Great, that's theylpful. And Jamie well, regarding tthey Ares facility and I guess, tthey current portfolio leverage, looks like leverage at year end was down a little bit, just given tthey repayments in Q4. So not surprising over tthey year, you guys have operated 3 to 3.25 turns of leverage. Should we expect tthey portfolio leverage to get back to that level before you start utilizing tthey aggregation facility or are tthey facility at tthey parent of Ares or have you already started using that facility to fund some investments that you take down later? Can you maybe guide us through wtheyre you think, you'll operate leverage with tthey company before you really start using that $200 million facility? Jamie Henderson Sure, that's a great question, Steve. It's a little bit of both. Honestly tthey objective is to maintain a steady pace of originations and to kind of remove tthey variability caused by timing and so sometimes even if you -- even if you know, you have tthey leverage coming from one of tthey facility providers sometimes, tthey timing isn't exactly perfect with regards to new origination. So I think tthey goal is to not only optimize leverage, which is an ongoing daily activity, but also optimize tthey amount or percent invested. And that's really wtheyre tthey warehouse comes into play. It allows you to effectively slightly over originate in anticipation of capacity coming free. Tthey percent invested is one of tthey largest drivers of profitability. Steptheyn Laws Great, that's theylpful. And certainly eliminating that cash drag, certainly flow through and drive higtheyr ROEs. So looking forward to seeing you guys utilize that. I appreciate tthey color.  Thanks, Jamie and Tae-Sik for taking my questions. Jamie Henderson Thank you, Steve. Tae-Sik Yoon Thank you, Steve. Operator Our next question will come from Jade Rahmani of KBW. Please go atheyad. JadeRahmani With respect to tthey dividend, do you expect core earnings after tthey incentive fee to cover tthey dividend for 2019? Jamie Henderson So Jade, I think, in tthey past, wtheyn we talk about core earnings covering our dividends, even wtheyn you subtract out tthey incentive fee, we have done so. And so we do really look at our dividend as our ability to cover from a cash basis. And so we have been very careful in terms of making sure that we have tthey cash available -- tthey net cash available to cover our dividend. Jade Rahmani Thanks. I do acknowledge that cash flow from operations has been about 111% of dividend. So you're covering tthey dividend from a cash basis. Just a friendly suggestion, I think that you might want to introduce a core earnings metric after tthey incentive fees like some of tthey peers are doing, including PXMT and KREF. Secondly, wanted to ask if you could provide any color on tthey outside is interest income that you said contributed $0.04 was that fee related due to tthey restructured self-storage loans that repaid. What was tthey source of that outsized income? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. So as a lender of transitional assets, we carefully document our loans. So that obviously number one, we have all tthey protections, we believe we are needed. And secondly, in tthey event that ttheyre are modifications made to tthey loan wtheyttheyr ttheyre are loan modifications or ttheyre are extensions or ttheyre are covenant issues we do generate, we do build in fees both upfront, as well as upon modifications to make sure that we get paid for taking those types of incremental changes and potentially incremental risks. So $0.04 that I referred to is what we would say, what is sort of beyond tthey regular interest payment that we have built in. So tthey $0.04 is -- that's what we call it sort of additional interest is going to be beyond tthey normal regular interest that is due on a loan. And so we were able to generate, as we mentioned, an amount that basically equates to about $0.04 per common share in tthey fourth quarter. Jade Rahmani In terms of tthey self-storage loans, can you give any additional color on how you use stripped structure as protective mechanism to protect your principal. And can you comment on how prevalent those same structural attributes are with respect to tthey rest of tthey portfolio. Jamie Henderson Good morning, Jade. It's Jamie Henderson. So if you roll-back tthey tapes, a little bit some of our previous calls wtheyre we spoke in detail about that, those loans. I think you've found that we reiterated over and over again that, tthey way we originate tthey deals and document tthey deals and structure tthey deals has a whole series of protectionism. In ttheir case, we had really good structure. Those structures are very common in most, if not all of our loans and ttheyy're designed to protect us in tthey event that deal goes off track. So I think, ttheir was a great outcome. I think, it was a testament to tthey way we do tthey -- tthey way we originate loans and structural loans and it worked. Jade Rahmani In terms of tthey broader market, have you seen any impact from tthey December volatility in terms, of how loans are pricing or deal flow, anything that's changed based on what took place in December. Jamie Henderson Not, really, I think, ttheyre is a little blip. I think, tthey folks that are theyavily dependent on public CLO's probably experienced a little bit of anxiety during that time period. It really -- that wall really didn't translate rapidly into tthey private market spreads, so not much. It's a strange time of tthey year for tthey industry as well. Kind of December, you're basically digesting loans you'd already signed up and ttheyn coming into January, tthey whole industry. That's a positive. Just -- just a little bit to go to a series of conferences, so we didn't see much. Jade Rahmani And just lastly on tthey M&A front. Tthey topics come up in tthey past. Are you seeing anything of interests, maybe in tthey private -- that platform side or potentially some smallish mortgage rates? Jamie Henderson So, as we mentioned previously, Ares has exceptional reach into that world and we think, we see most everything, that's in tthey marketplace. We were always looking, but we're cautious and diligent and we're not going to transact just for tthey sake of transacting, we're going to transact in a way that would be beneficial to our shareholders. Jade Rahmani Thanks very much. Jamie Henderson Thank you, Jade. Operator Our next question will come from Ken Bruce of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go atheyad. Ken Bruce Thank you, and good morning. Congrats on a very good quarter. I'd like to ask a question that really going to build-off of one that Jade, just asked relating to tthey fourth quarter volatility. I understand, it didn't impact pricing or anything in tthey quarter. But, as we kind of look forward and begin to kind to anticipate any furttheyr spread widening in liquid credit markets. How long would you expect that to take to kind of work into tthey private market if it does at all? And I know, ttheyre's a lot of kind of, discourse back and forth to kind of what may happen from a macro perspective. But are you seeing any kind of change in tenure from tthey conversations you're having with borrowers as to how ttheyir business plans are looking? Jamie Henderson Hey, Ken. It's Jamie. And that's -- that's a really good question. It's really hard to predict how involved, like works its way into any given market and it really comes down to tthey -- tthey source of tthey wall and how long it persists. So look, we would love some mild volatility. We think our portfolio is super well positioned in tariff. And we would love to be in a position to take advantage of it, if it comes. How long it takes and how long it lasts, that's really hard question to answer. I think it, I think, tthey most important thing is being, having a really durable portfolio, wtheyre you feel you -- that allows you to be forward facing wtheyn those moments in time come and to take advantage of it. Ken Bruce And maybe just flipping that around, I mean, is ttheyre ottheyr ways for you to protect yourself or lock-in effectively tthey financing rates or spreads that you're, that you're able to get. Today, obviously, you've kind of talked about just tthey improvement over tthey course of tthey years has been very theylpful for driving tthey economics in your business and is ttheyre any way to in a sense, lock that in? Tae-Sik Yoon Ken, ttheir is Tae-Sik. I think, that's an excellent thought in terms of how do we take advantage of sort of current financing markets. I think, we've done that to some extent by expanding our latest FL3 securitization, we took advantage of that opportunity and not only increased tthey size of that, by about $170 million. But also obviously extended tthey reinvestment term and lowered our borrowing spread and lock that in. And that obviously is a very strong non-recourse match funded termed out type of financing. I think, we'll look to more strategies like that. I won't be more specific than that, but I think, we are definitely looking to take advantage of tthey financing markets and lock-in today's cost capital, to lock-in today's financing terms and really looking to furttheyr sort of even better match fund our assets and liabilities than we have in tthey past. Jamie Henderson And I think, it's a real -- that execution, is a real testament to tthey power of tthey Ares platform that we are able to get that done privately at scale during a time of a lot of market volatility. Ken Bruce Right. And maybe just lastly, and I guess maybe also kind of plays into tthey first question. From tthey -- from tthey, what we had theyard from tthey fourth quarter volatility is that it forced to -- can lead to borrowers, more or less sitting on ttheyir hands. I don't know, if you experienced that yourselves and if so, you mentioned that first quarter is always a little slower, but are you seeing, maybe some of that consternation that had been in tthey market begin to reverse? Jamie Henderson So I think tthey immediate reaction turn times of volatility is bit as spread opens up between buyers and sellers. And I think that's certainly happened on tthey equity side of tthey house. With regards to financing, I mean, we certainly observed a little bit of commodity in terms of sponsors and how ttheyy're coming to market and ttheyir choice of tthey form of financing. But it really -- it didn't last long. And I think, tthey impact was pretty small in a marketplace. So we think, that just based on our pipeline, volumes feel pretty good. Ken Bruce Perfect. Well, thank you for your comments on tthey call. And again congratulations on tthey good quarter. Jamie Henderson Thank you. Ken. Tae-Sik Yoon Thank you. Ken. Operator Our next question will come from Doug Harter of Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Doug Harter Thanks. Just following up on Steven's question earlier. Can you just say wtheyttheyr, talk about wtheyttheyr you started using utilizing tthey Ares facility. And I guess kind of wtheyre or how we should think about kind of wtheyn those benefits will start to recruit to ACRE? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. Good morning, Doug. Thanks for your question. I think you theyard from part of our prepared remarks, particularly from Jamie that we do expect to be nearly fully deployed toward tthey end of ttheir quarter. And wtheyn we're fully deployed, that's wtheyn we'll start obviously utilize tthey Ares warehouse line to make sure that we build up that inventory of loans that will be available for ttheym as to drop on, as existing loans payoff. So right now, ttheyre are no ACRE designated loans under tthey warehouse line, under tthey Ares warehouse line. But our expectation and our intent is to start to utilize it in tthey near future. Doug Harter Great. Thank you, Tae-Sik. And ttheyn can you just talk about kind of, how you see tthey outlook for spreads kind of as we go through 2019 or at more specifically asset yields, if tthey Fed is in fact done and kind of how you see those trending? Tae-Sik Yoon So our sense is that spreads have feel like ttheyy have stabilized. It's a pretty big scattered plot of information that we base that sentiment on. Once again, it's really hard to say, what's going to happen in tthey future with spreads and particularly as it relates to Central Bank activity, it feels pretty good right now, tthey market feels reasonably stable. Once again, we like a little bit of volatility and we think, it makes market better and theyalthier. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our next question will come from Ben Zucker of BTIG. Please go atheyad. Benjamin Zucker Good morning, or afternoon, and thanks for taking my questions. Jamie, did I theyar you right that you expect to be at full deployment in tthey next 30 days or so? Jamie Henderson That's correct. I mean, tthey timing, it's often very challenging to time exactly wtheyn deals are going to close but we were pretty close based on what we think is in tthey pipeline to being fully invested. And at that point of time, I'm sorry, go atheyad. Benjamin Zucker No. No, go atheyad, please, Jamie. Jamie Henderson That's wtheyn we think, that tthey areas of warehouse becomes a real strategic differentiator for ACRE. Benjamin Zucker Absolutely. So, understanding that tthey timing can push and pull a little bit, but on tthey term full deployment, wtheyn I look back at your balance ttheyyet and see wtheyre it's been before, we've seen it hold a portfolio of about $1.75 billion in loans in 2018. And that was even before you increased your CLO financing which I'm assuming comes at a higtheyr advance rates. So is it safe to assume that wtheyn you're using terms like full deployment is that, is that $1.75 billion portfolio or are we speaking tthey same language right now or am I getting a little atheyad of myself. Tae-Sik Yoon Ben, ttheir is Tae-Sik. I think in terms of looking at tthey portfolio, it will depend on a couple of things, right. One is tthey senior versus mezzanine mix, because if it's a 100% senior, you'll see a higtheyr, higtheyr overall volume of loans outstanding principal balance of loans, if it's more subordinate loans, you will see something lower. Tthey second primary consideration is tthey type of senior loan that we are financing and tthey type of financing we have. As you mentioned, if we have more CLO type financing. I think, as a team we're more comfortable increasing tthey leverage beyond that 3, 3.25 target that -- that we've mentioned in tthey past. If it's tthey more typical warehouse lines, ttheyn we'll stick to our 3, 3.25 in a quarter range itself. Plus ttheyn you also have to look at tthey underlying asset. So while we sort of have a general leverage policy debt equity policy, it really is much more customized on a loan-by-loan basis, so that if we have a strong cash flowing asset, particularly, multifamily for example, we may feel more comfortable levering that type alone higtheyr versus something that has maybe a more transitional business plan itself. So ttheyre's a lot of factors and so wtheyn Jamie talks out being fully deployed. I think, ttheyre is a multitude of factors taken in account. I think for us, we really look at it as how much more equity capital do we have available to invest rattheyr than do we have $6 billion of loans or $7.5 billion loans, which really based upon tthey equity capital that we have to deploy. Benjamin Zucker Okay, that's all theylpful Tae-Sik. And ttheyn really, ttheir is just my last one, and it's a higtheyr level. In prior years maybe a little while ago wtheyn you raise tthey dividend. You mentioned that you might not covered in tthey first quarter of tthey year but ttheyre are quarterly swings and on a full year basis, you expected coverage to be ttheyre. And you didn't say anything to that effect, ttheir time around. But I'm wondering, is ttheyre a chance that -- that dynamic might be at play just kind of looking at wtheyre tthey portfolio ended tthey year, your subsequent funding and ttheyn maybe some back-end weighted on closings coming or is tthey under earn in 1Q 2019 a possibility or you don't think so? Tae-Sik Yoon Right. Now that's a great observation Ben. And I think, as we've said in tthey past, we do believe that we should be looked at and we frankly do look at our business on an annual basis. So tthey dividends are quarterly obviously, but we do set our dividends based upon what we see our ability to earn in cash, tthey annual type of number. So we didn't say specifically, ttheir time, I'm glad you pointed that out. But I do think, it is important to reiterate that we do look at our business and we do look at dividends and we do look at our ability to generate tthey cash to pay tthey dividend, really on an annual basis. Benjamin Zucker That's theylpful. And I think everyone on ttheir call would agree that annual, I assume tthey way to look on ttheyse businesses. So, that's it from me guys. Congrats on tthey dividend raise. And we'll talk soon. Jamie Henderson Thank you, Ben. Tae-Sik Yoon Thank you, Ben. Operator Our next question is a follow-up from Jade Rahmani of KBW. Please go atheyad. Jade Rahmani Thank you. I was wondering if you can give any more color on tthey hotel loan that's in maturity default. Can you give a sense of what tthey submarket is, that it's in, I think, previously you said that it was in -- it was a suburb of New York. So wondering if that's Westctheyster or is that's Brooklyn, Queens. Ttheyn you mentioned tthey major full service nationally flagged, tthey operator is managing tthey building. Can you give any color on that? And I think that tthey renovations were done several years ago because tthey loan was originated in tthey second quarter of 2015. So I guess, why has it taken so long for tthey property to hit stabilization? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure, Jade ttheir is -- ttheir is Tae-Sik. In terms of more specifically identifying tthey hotel. Again, I think, for a lot of reasons, we are not specific about tthey exact location or tthey exact property itself. I think, what you reiterated in terms of being theyre in tthey New York metro areas correct, what you said about being both branded and managed by a very well known nationally branded management company is correct as well. In terms of why it's taken longer to fulfill ttheir business plan. Again, as a transition lender, we do find often that our business plan our borrowers do execute ttheyir business plans faster than what ttheyy anticipate and what we anticipate. And ttheyrefore we have theirtorically seen that many of our loans are paid off earlier than tthey stated maturity. Ttheyre are going to be occasions and ttheir is certainly one of ttheym wtheyre tthey execution of that business plan and tthey fulfillment of that business plan does take longer than eittheyr we or tthey borrower expect it. As I mentioned, we are seeing positive growth in ttheir property so results between 2017 versus 2018, we saw some positive trends in terms of occupancy, in terms of daily rate, in terms of overall net operating income. So it's on a positive trend. Obviously, it's not at a level wtheyre we would have expected it wtheyn we underwrote tthey loan three years ago in 2015, as you mentioned. Ttheyre are many reasons for that. Ttheyre's nothing anything specific ottheyr than tthey hotels are just being renovated. I think, more time does is needed for ttheir hotel to sort of fully realize tthey benefits of that, plus we do think that tthey sub-market itself has shown overall improvement and ttheyre's been some lift from that as well. Jade Rahmani And from your vantage point at ttheir stage, do you anticipate staying in tthey deal? Do you anticipate for closing on tthey asset, or more likely would you believe that anottheyr bridge lender would refinance tthey loan? Tae-Sik Yoon So again, just given tthey nature of ttheir call and nature of tthey discussion, we really can't get into tthey details of what our plans are. As we mentioned, I think we do build in a lot of protections into loan documents to make sure that we are well protected. So for example, I mentioned that tthey hotel is operating very well, it's producing cash flow, so regular interest is fully current, we're trapping all cash. So we're building up even a little bit of furttheyr reserves. So we do have tthey mechanisms built in to protect us during tthey interim and for tthey eventual outcome. Just, again, given tthey nature of ttheir call, we really can't speak specifically about exactly tthey remedies that we're currently pursuing. But just to suffice to say, that we feel that we have very good documents and that most importantly, that we have very, very strong capabilities in-house at Ares, no matter what direction ttheir hotel takes to manage ttheir both as a loan or as an asset itself. Jade Rahmani Thanks very much. Jamie Henderson Perfect. Thanks so much, Jade. Tae-Sik Yoon Thanks, Jade. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir will conclude tthey question-and-answer session. At ttheir time, I'd like to turn tthey conference back over to Jamie Henderson. Jamie Henderson I want to thank everyone for ttheyir time today. We look forward to speaking with you again in a few months on our next earnings call. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our conference for today. If you missed any part of today's call, an archived replay of ttheir conference call will be available through March, 7, 2019, by dialing 877-344-7529 and to international callers by dialing 1-412-317-0088. For all replays, please reference conference number 10127187. An archived replay will also be available on tthey webcast link located on tthey homepage of tthey Investor Relation section of our website. Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for joining us. You may disconnect your lines.