Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation. (NYSE:ACRE) Q3 2018 Results Earnings Conference Call October 30, 2018 11:00 AM ET Executives John Stilmar - Investor Relations Jamie Henderson - Chief Executive Officer Tae-Sik Yoon - Chief Financial Officer Carl Drake - Investor Relations Cameron Rudd - Investor Relations Analysts Steve Delaney - JMP Securities Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Jade Rahmani - KBW Benjamin Zucker - BTIG Richard Shane - JPMorgan Doug Harter - Credit Suisse Ken Bruce - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Operator Good morning, and welcome to Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation Conference Call to discuss tthey Company's Third Quarter 2018 earnings results. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded on October 30th, 2018. I will now turn tthey call over to John Stilmar from Investor Relations. John Stilmar Thank you, Jeffrey. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us on today's conference call. I’m joined today by our CEO, Jamie Henderson; our CFO, Tae-Sik Yoon; and Carl Drake and Cameron Rudd from our Investor Relations Group. In addition to our press release and tthey 10-K that we filed with tthey SEC, we have posted an earnings presentation under tthey Investor Resources section of our website at www.arescre.com. Before we begin, I want to remind everyone that comments made during tthey course of ttheir conference call and webcast as well as tthey accompanying documents contain forward-looking statements and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many of ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified by tthey use of words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, will, should, may and similar such expressions. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations of market conditions and management's judgment. Ttheyse statements are not guarantees of future performance, condition or results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Tthey Company's actual results could differ materially from those expressed in tthey forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors including those listed in its SEC filings. Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. During ttheir conference call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. We use ttheyse as measures of operating performance and ttheyse measures should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for measures prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Ttheyse measures may not be comparable to like titled measures used by ottheyr companies. I will now turn tthey call over to Jamie Henderson, who will begin with our third quarter highlights and recent investment activity. Jamie? Jamie Henderson Thank you, John. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining our call today. Let me start with some high level commentary on our third quarter results. We reported anottheyr strong quarter as we continue to benefit from recent profitability improvement initiatives. For tthey third quarter, we generated GAAP in core earnings of $0.35 and $0.36 per share respectively. For tthey first nine months of 2018, our core earnings of $1.05 per share were up 20% year-over-year and were well in excess of tthey $0.85 year-to-date dividends paid. Our strong earnings continue to benefit from comparatively higtheyr levels of invested capital, reduce funding costs, and higtheyr LIBOR rates. Since tthey drivers of our higtheyr earnings in 2018 are expected to continue, we have even greater confidence in our long term earnings prospects. As a result, we are again increasing our quarterly dividend to $0.31 per share, which is a 15% increase in our quarterly dividends since year-end 2017. Anottheyr driver of our positive view is our continued progress in expanding our product mix and leveraging our national coverage model in market segments that we believe are less efficiently covered by tthey competition. For example, tthey amount of transactions that we have reviewed and soft quoted with preliminary terms have both increased over 120% for tthey first nine months of ttheir year, versus tthey same period in 2017. Clearly, tthey strong increase in our pipeline allows us to remain highly selective in tthey deals that we closed. During tthey third quarter, we originate new loan commitments totaling $118 million with anottheyr $45 million closing shortly after quarter end. Looking forward, U.S. economic fundamentals remained strong with robust GDP growth, which support commercial real estate rents and occupancy levels. Transaction activity for us is picking up and I'm pleased to say that we're off to a very strong start to tthey fourth quarter. In addition to tthey $45 million of closed loans, we have executed term ttheyyets on approximately $277 million of commitments that are expected to close in tthey fourth quarter. Finally, we are pleased to announce a significant new initiative to mitigate what has been a theirtorical challenge for ACRE, efficiently matching tthey timing of our originations with capital made available from repayments. Ares management is working with third party capital provider to establish a $200 million real estate debt warehouse facility for tthey benefit of ACRE and ottheyr areas real estate debt clients. Ttheir will allow us to originate an inventory loans in tthey warehouse facility that can be drawn upon by ACRE in order to better match tthey timing of repayments with new originations. We expect that ttheir warehouse facility has tthey potential to enhance and provide furttheyr stability to our earnings, and it's yet anottheyr example of Ares support for tthey ACRE business. I will now turn tthey call over to Tae-Sik to discuss our third quarter results in furttheyr detail. Tae-Sik Yoon Great. Thank you, Jamie and good morning everyone. Earlier today, we reported GAAP net income of $10 million or $0.35 per common share and core earnings of $10.3 million or $0.36 per common share for tthey third quarter of 2018. Our earnings continue to benefit from three primary drivers; first, we remain more fully invested as evidenced by having approximately $230 million more and average interest earning assets in 2018 to tthey end of tthey third quarter, versus tthey comparable period last year. Second, we continue to lower our borrowing costs highlighted most recently by a 180 basis point reduction in tthey all-in borrowing spread over $110 million term loan. And third, we benefited from rising short term rates. As we have demonstrated previously, as 98% of our assets are floating rate loans, wtheyn one month LIBOR increases, our net income increases. Let me now briefly touch upon tthey impact of potential repayments and new originations and tthey timing of ttheyse events may have in fourth quarter earnings. As we indicated, we are expecting significant repayments in tthey fourth quarter, estimated to be approximately $300 million. Ttheir will bring total repayments for 2018 to more than $700 million. While we have a robust pipeline to reinvest tthey proceeds, we do expect some timing differences between wtheyn we receive repayments and wtheyn we fund new originations, ttheyrefore, depending on tthey actual timing and outcome of events, we do expect a modest temporary dip in our fourth quarter earnings as compared to our year-to-date 2018 quarterly average. Going forward, we expect to better match tthey timing of repayments and reinvestments utilizing tthey warehouse line, tthey area's warehouse line that Jamie just previously discussed. Finally, as you may have noticed from our third quarter 2018 10-Q filing, we provided short term extensions on our self-storage portfolio loans and tthey full service hotel New York that we discussed our last quarterly call. Importantly, ttheyse loans remain current on regular monthly interest payments, continue to experience stable property level performance and no impairment was recognized as at tthey end of tthey third quarter. I'll now turn tthey call back over to Jamie for some closing remarks Jamie Henderson Thanks, Tae-Sik. In closing, we have generated three consecutive quarters of strong earnings and our portfolio is performing well. We've increased our dividends three times in 2018 to reflect our progress and a strong future earnings outlook for our company. We believe that ttheir new warehouse facility can theylp enhance our earnings and provide increased stability and theylping us to manage and optimize our -- available capital in future periods. Looking forward, we believe that we are well-positioned middle market lender with a diversified portfolio of nearly all senior floating rate loans that we anticipate will perform well over different economic environments. With that, I would now like to ask you operator to please open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, Mr. Henderson. [Operator Instructions] And your first question will be from Steve Delaney of JMP Securities. Please go atheyad. Steve Delaney Thank you, and congratulations on anottheyr strong quarter. I'd like to ask first on tthey good news about ttheir new warehouse facility. Wtheyn might it become effective and do you contemplate that tthey advance rates on ttheir facility versus what you normally get from your bank lenders would ttheyy potentially be higtheyr, such that you may be able to improve your overall leverage situation? Thank you. Tae-Sik Yoon Sure, good morning Steve. Ttheir is Tae-Sik. Thanks very much for your question. Steve Delaney Sure. Tae-Sik Yoon So we believe that tthey new warehouse facility again ttheir is an Ares sponsored warehouse facility, will be in place very short term, hopefully in tthey next several weeks and that we will begin to benefit and realize tthey benefits of that in tthey short term. In terms of advance rate, as far as ACRE is concerned, it's a little less relevant because again ttheir warehouse facility that Jamie discussed will really be an Ares sponsored warehouse facility, and so, Ares on its balance ttheyyet will be holding tthey loans. And so wtheyn ACRE has a repayment for example, and has capital available to invest, rattheyr than having a 30, 45 delay, a delay in terms of being to reinvest tthey proceeds, tthey goal is to have loans already in place in ttheir Ares warehouse sponsored vehicles so that we can immediately have ACRE to pull it down. And ttheyn ACRE will itself ttheyn leverage that loan, that senior loan, under its own existing warehouse facilities. So it won't, it won't use tthey Ares warehouse facility as a long term financing vehicle, a Ares warehouse vehicle is really a warehouse if you want to call that, so that ACRE can pull down loans, wtheyn capital becomes available for ACRE. Steve Delaney Thank you, Tae-Sik. That's very theylpful, because I now get it clearly and ttheyre's tthey concept of just in time capital. It sounds like which you might have is something that's like just in time call on interest earning loans to put into your portfolio. Tae-Sik Yoon That’s exactly, right. Steve Delaney Well thank you for clarifying that. My second follow up is that I noticed in tthey October new originations in October, you mentioned a residential loan in Florida. Could you tell us what market that was in, and wtheyttheyr tthey property is single family detactheyd or wtheyttheyr it is a condo project? Jamie Henderson Hey Steve, it's Jamie Henderson calling. Steve Delaney Hi, Jamie. Jamie Henderson A respond to your call. Thank you. So it’s a small condo development in what we think is a super high barrier to entry market in Souttheyast Florida. Steve Delaney Okay. All right, very good. Well I know ttheyre are a lot of people on tthey call that want to ask you questions, so I'll drop off for now, and if something isn't covered I'll hop back in later. Thank you very much. Jamie Henderson All right. Thank you, Steve. Tae-Sik Yoon Thanks Steve. Operator Tthey next question will be from Steptheyn Laws of Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Steptheyn Laws Hi, good morning. Congratulations on a nice quarter and tthey dividend increase as well. To follow up on Steve's question, regarding tthey new facility. Jamie, maybe provide a little more detail, is it going to be like a first in, first out as far as clearing loans on that. Will ttheyre be any kind of mark-to-market or will you take those down at tthey original cost? Can you maybe provide some color on that? Jamie Henderson Sure, Steptheyn. Again, thanks very much for your call, and question ttheir morning. So I think it probably would behoove us to maybe not get into too much detail just because it isn't final yet. Jamie mentioned, we're very excited about what ttheir is going to do for ACRE. And as we sort of discussing response to Steve's question, ttheir really will allow ACRE to better manage again tthey timing of repayments and reinvestment. Exactly how it's going to work in terms of tthey questions you ask, First In, First Out, is it going to call that part,[Indiscernible] is it going to be called that a mark-to-market basis. We're working through all those details to make sure that ttheir is done all on a very fair and arm's length basis. So if you can give us a little bit more time to kind of work through all those details, we're very excited about ttheir. Ttheir warehouse facility, we think it'll very much improve our ability to manage tthey lumpiness if you want to call that of repayments, particularly as we discuss tthey impact that it could have theyre just on tthey fourth quarter. So we're very excited about tthey positive aspects that it's going to have for, for ACRE and for us to be able to so called, just in time invest our capital. But we are still working through some of tthey final details that you asked about, so if you can give us a little bit more time, we'll come out and give you a full explanation of exactly how ttheir will work. Steptheyn Laws [Indiscernible] look forward to getting that update, maybe tthey next time you guys address tthey public markets, but certainly sounds like a nice way to keep capital fully deployed for as many days in tthey quarter as possible. I hate to read. I'm not going to read too much into ttheyse individual investments, so maybe at a larger level, can you talk about what you're seeing on asset yields on new investments. For both tthey first mortgages and also tthey mezz loan, you did one new investment theyre subsequent to quarter end, but can we maybe comment towards partition you're seeing, how pricing compares to a 3 or 12 months ago, whatever you think tthey appropriate timing is as far as yields, yield spreads on new investments and any ottheyr points of maybe what competition's creeping in on LTV’s or covenants or anything like that? Jamie Henderson Sure Steptheyn, ttheir. Jamie. So, I think tthey pipeline feels really good. We're off to a great start to tthey fourth quarter. Our portfolio is 98% senior and almost entirely floating rate. We feel great about that. We look -- tthey market is competitive in terms of spreads. It feels like tthey spread environment has started to stabilize over tthey course of last quarter, and we're still generating what we consider great returns and an attractive relative value across our both our senior loan originations, and tthey small amount of subject that we have in our portfolio are also generating very attractive returns. So market's competitive. We think, we have a pretty significant advantage in tthey way Ares is built is, tthey real estate debt platform with our regional office system and tthey coverage that we get. We've materially increased tthey number of touctheys that we have with tthey borrower community and tthey brokerage community, and we've more than doubled tthey amount of loans that ttheyre we’re quoting. That being said, we're super selective and are closing less than 5% of what we see. Steptheyn Laws Great, thanks for tthey color on that Jamie. Appreciate you guys taking my questions. Thank you. Jamie Henderson Thanks, Steptheyn. Operator Tthey next question will be from Jade Rahmani of KBW. Please go atheyad. Jade Rahmani Thanks very much. I'm not sure if you [saw tthey Rialto] transaction, but I was wondering if you could comment on wtheyttheyr you looked at that, if that could have been something of interest, leaving aside any of tthey financial terms, but just strategically, is that something that you would have looked at and if M&A is as an interesting opportunity for tthey company to pursue. Jamie Henderson Sure. Good morning, Jade. Thanks very much for your question. I just had a high level. We certainly are very interested in M&A opportunities and being part of Ares management. Again, without being specific about tthey transaction that you referred to, we do think we get a very good look at virtually all of tthey deals that are certainly marketed and many of tthey deals that are sort of brought privately. So again, I can't really comment specifically on any particular deal. But rest assured that I think as being part of Ares we do get a very good look at just about every transaction out ttheyre. We do find tthey M&A market to be very interesting, particularly for ACRE. As we mentioned, we do spend a significant amount of our time and effort looking for that opportunity. We obviously haven't announced anything recently. We did obviously acquire GSE lender several years ago, but sold that a couple of years ago as well. We continue to search for tthey right opportunity. We're obviously only going to do it, if it's meaningful, if it's additive, it's accretive to ACRE itself. But again, to answer your question, we do get a shot at looking at virtually every opportunity out ttheyre. Jade Rahmani And would say in terms of characterizing tthey types of situations you might look at, is it, say in tthey case of a mortgage re-trading below book value, wtheyre you could liquidate tthey assets at a higtheyr price than wtheyre it’s trading, and redeploy that capital into tthey core business. Is that tthey main thrust of what is interesting to ACRE or is it complementary business lines that for example you could provide potentially longer term financing once project is stabilized or something in tthey servicing realm, is it complementary business lines? Jamie Henderson So I think tthey answer is really both. As you mentioned, we are looking at opportunities that provide a strategic fit for ACRE. In a strategic fit, that would allow us to add different businesses that would be complementary, particularly complementary to our direct origination, complementary to our network of boots that we have across, on tthey ground, across tthey country, as well as our underwriting and as [imagining] experience. So we're certainly looking for strategic opportunities. At tthey same time, we are looking for a different type of opportunity, which really would be a so-called synttheytic way to raise capital as you mentioned. Ttheyre are a number of ottheyr financial services firms including mortgage rates that are trading at significant discounts to book value. So those do represent potential opportunities to acquire ttheym, essentially liquidate ttheyir assets and ttheyn redeployed it into ACRE type of assets. So that would be more of a synttheytic way to raise capital. So to answer your question, we're really looking at both types of opportunities. Jade Rahmani Just in terms of tthey three, -- tthey sorry tthey 300 million of fourth quarter anticipated repayments. Does that include repayment of tthey self-storage loans and tthey hotel loan that was modified? Jamie Henderson It does. Again, just to reiterate, it's plus or minus three hundred. We're one month into tthey quarter. So ttheyre's two, obviously two more months ago fourth quarter tends to be very theyavy, a theyavy month in terms of transaction. But that 300 plus or minus does include repayment of tthey self-storage facilities, self-storage facility loan as well as tthey New York hotel. Jade Rahmani And is ttheyre, I guess at ttheir point, how confident are you in those repayments taking place? Tae-Sik Yoon Well let me just say ttheir. I think in terms of most importantly, asset performance, as we mentioned tthey properties that underlie both tthey self-storage loans as well as tthey New York hotel continue to perform stably and well, all tthey regular interest payments are current. Obviously, all of tthey operating expenses are current. In tthey case of tthey self-storage properties, our understanding is that tthey borrower is in discussions with a lender for refinancing. That loan was extended a very short term period as you know just from October to November. In terms of tthey hotel, I think that has a little bit longer outlook. We did extend that from tthey original maturity date in June to December. We are obviously in regular contact with tthey borrower. Our understanding is that tthey borrower is seeking both a refinancing and/or possibly a sale of tthey hotel. I would say that one is longer term in terms of wtheyn we expect tthey repayments to occur, that's why we extend tthey self-storage to November and tthey hotel to December. Jade Rahmani Okay, tthey pipeline and just in terms of tthey origination, tthey originations for tthey quarter seem to have a mezz, preferred equity subordinate that bent to ttheym. I am wondering if you could explain that, are those specific deals or are you trying to push tthey capital that way. And ttheyn in terms of tthey pipeline for tthey fourth quarter, that you cited is ttheyre just any color on those 277 million of commitments, how maybe it's put out by location property type or position in tthey capital structure. Jamie Henderson Sure. Good morning, Jade. It's Jamie Henderson. So tthey deals that we closed in Q3, several of those were subordinates and I think had had very attractive yields, ttheyy're really kind of granular deals, smaller deals. And I think our great byproduct of tthey Ares platform. We see a lot of ttheyse deals in conjunction with tthey equity side of tthey business, and ttheyy're a great resource for us wtheyn we're underwriting ttheyse deals, because we're an owner operator of like kinds of real estate. That being said, as you know 98% of our portfolio is senior. I can say that tthey deals that we anticipate closing in tthey fourth quarter are entirely senior at ttheir stage. Ttheyy're pretty well diversified geographically in terms of east coast, west coast and about half of ttheym are multifamily. So we feel really good about tthey mix, a very small percentage of our book is in subordinates. And I think, overall tthey exposures that we're adding are not only accretive, but are great real estate. Jade Rahmani And just tthey 277 million, how does that shake up between initial fundings and future commitments? Jamie Henderson So I think in terms of initial commitments versus funding, I think as you as you notice, we have generally had about 10% to 20% of our loans are committed balance in future funding. And I think if you look at tthey pipeline of those deals, I think it is something I think you'll find something similar again. Not to be too specific, but theirtorically we've had about 10% to 20% percent of our committed amount remain unfunded at closing and available for future funding. Future funding is everything from capital expenditures to tenant allowances, to leasing commissions. And so it's been generally about 10% to 20% Jade Rahmani Thanks for taking tthey questions. Jamie Henderson Absolutely. Thank you, Jade. Operator And tthey next question will be from Ben Zucker of BTIG. Please go atheyad Benjamin Zucker Good morning everyone, and congrats on tthey EPS speed and dividend raises. As people have commented already. Real quickly, can you talk about pre-construction loans a little bit. I saw that term pop up in your 3Q originations and also in tthey subsequent activity, and I'm not too familiar with it. Are ttheyse loans taken out by construction set financing, or is ttheir type of loan in lieu of it. I just want to have a little better understanding of ttheir kind of product. Jamie Henderson Good morning, Ben. It’s Jamie Henderson. So ttheyse are fully entitled projects, wtheyre we will be taken out by a construction lender. So we won't be financing tthey construction phase. Benjamin Zucker Got you, understood. And is that why you're able to fund maybe a higtheyr balance of that loan than we would see with a typical construction loan? Jamie Henderson Yes. Benjamin Zucker Okay. That's interesting. Well I appreciate you guys calling on me. I think that's it for me. All my ottheyr questions were really asked and answered. Tthey last point I want to make is that ttheir new area sponsored warehouse facility just sounds really beneficial given tthey positioning that you guys are in and for tthey analysts that have come on ttheyse calls asking what kind of broader areas platform do ttheyy benefit. ACRE, I think -- I think you just gave ttheym a pretty good answer so we look forward to seeing how ttheir thing comes through in tthey final terms ttheyre. Jamie Henderson Yes, thanks very much, Ben. We think ttheir is a great development and we're really excited about it. Thank you. Operator And tthey next question will be from Rick Shane of JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Richard Shane Hey guys, thanks for taking my questions ttheir morning. First, are ttheyre any repayment fees in tthey third quarter that are significant that we should be aware of, and wtheyn we look forward to tthey 300 million of principal payments in tthey fourth quarter, anything we should be thinking about ttheyre? Jamie Henderson Sure. Good morning Rick. Thanks for your question. So in tthey third quarter, I think we did experience some higtheyr than what I would call normal, accelerated amortization of fees. Ttheyse aren't so-called repayment fees. Wtheyn we do originate loans, we generally charge an upfront fee and in many cases we also have an exit fee, and we will amortize that over tthey contractual life of tthey loan itself. So we experience an early repayment which has been tthey normal course of business for ACRE, we will accelerate what is ttheyn tthey remaining unamortized, remaining portion of those fees. And so, for tthey fourth quarter I believe we had – I’m sorry for tthey third quarter we had approximately $1.1 million of such fees which equates to approximately $0.04 for tthey quarter. I would say on a normal quarter if you want to talk about, we’ve had some quarters like for example in tthey fourth quarter of 2017 wtheyre it was zero, some quarters wtheyre it’s higtheyr. I think most quarters, I think on average you sort of see plus and minus $0.02 per quarter. And so we need experience I would say little higtheyr than what would be our average accelerated fees. Richard Shane Great. Tthey context around tthey normal quarter is very theylpful. And I would like to delve in a little bit more to tthey series facility as well. Tthey way I'm envisioning ttheir is that ttheyse are loans that ACRE sources and basically stores on tthey Ares balance ttheyyet until you decide to -- that ttheyre's an opportunity to move ttheym to your regular bank facilities. Is that correct? Jamie Henderson That is larger correct, Rick. So as you can imagine wtheyn we have a finite full of capital and our goal is to remain as fully invested as possible, it's a very difficult challenge to remain 95% even a 100% fully invested because of tthey timing and little bit uncertainty in terms of wtheyn repayments occur versus tthey timing delay takes you to reinvest that capital. So tthey goal theyre is to have loans that we can put into ttheir Ares’ sponsor vehicle, so that wtheyn we have repayments in ACRE rattheyr than having that 30, 45-day drag in terms of replenishing or reinvesting that capital we can immediately draw down some of those wells. So it’s more or less just in time loans that we can pull from ttheir Ares bonds Warehouse Lines and ttheyn use tthey ACRE capital, its equity and its own Warehouse Lines to fund that new loan. Richard Shane And who owns tthey risk until it’s transferred? Does that on Ares balance ttheyyet or is that on ACRE’s balance ttheyyet? Jamie Henderson On Ares. Richard Shane And what are tthey reps and warranties associated with that? Tae-Sik Yoon Yes. I’m not sure if I 100% understand about that. But as we refer to all of tthey details of ttheir has not been fully worked out. We do anticipate closing ttheir in tthey near term. And I think once we have it close and once we have all tthey details worked out we can certainly provide more details of exactly tthey mechanism of reps and warranties, tthey mechanism of pricing, tthey mechanism of timing, I'm sure ttheyre’s going to be a handful ottheyr questions and issues and we’ll think through that and we are thinking through that. And we’ll come back to you all with a more fulsome explanation. Jamie Henderson And just to elaborate a little bit, Rick, tthey nice about ttheyse floating rate loans, first of tthey intention is to have ttheym in tthey warehouse for very short amount of time. So say three to six months. Ttheyre is not a tremendous mark-to-market consequence with ttheir type of loans. So I think we’re hopeful that ttheyse will be for transactions. But as Tae-Sik mentioned by virtue of tthey fact that ttheir is an Ares warehouse to tthey extent ttheyre is a market – a mark-to-market consequence that would be borne by Ares. Richard Shane Got it. Okay. And I'm obviously like everybody else very intrigued by ttheir. I’d like to ask follow-up question about tthey beginning of tthey life of ttheyse loans and tthey transfer. How will origination fees be -- how will tthey economics on origination fees be shared and will ttheyre, so for example, if you originate tthey loan, put it in ttheir facility, it take six months to transfer and ttheyre is during that time 25 basis points of accretion of origination fee, does Ares get that or does ACRE to get that? Jamie Henderson So, it’s a great question Rick, and I think at ttheir point it probably be best if we again come back to all with tthey fulsome explanation of exactly how tthey mechanics are going to work. I mean, its obvious that we will make sure that it’s a fair reasonable and arms-length approach between ACRE and Ares to make sure it's mutually beneficial to both sides, and fair and reasonable to both sides. I think tthey questions you’re asking are all very very good questions. We’re working through all those details. But I think it will best if we came back to you with a more fulsome explanation of all tthey details. Richard Shane Got it. And with that in mind I realized you’re not going to answer ttheir question, but I’ll ask it so that we can get it in tthey queue for wtheyn it is appropriate. If we were to take tthey extreme example of what we saw 2007, 2008 wtheyre tthey challenge for ttheir fees was substantial extension of loans, and we would really take that to an extreme case related to ttheir facility wtheyre ttheyre was no additional capacity freed up on tthey ACRE balance ttheyyet, what would happen if ttheyre a moment in time wtheyre Ares could actually force ACRE to take those loans? And again I know you're not going to be able to answer ttheir now, but love to theyar that wtheyn it is an appropriate time as well? Jamie Henderson Sure. And that’s a very valid question and we’ll make sure that we address that. Richard Shane Got it. And again, realized it’s a work in progress and just want to get tthey questions out ttheyre so we can talk about ttheym appropriately down tthey road. Thank you, guys. Jamie Henderson Thank you, Rick. Operator And tthey next question will be from Doug Harter of Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Doug Harter Thanks. On tthey loans you extended, can you talk were ttheyre any extra fees or any changes in tthey terms ottheyr than tthey maturity date? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. Doug, ttheir is Tae-Sik. Thanks for your question. So, again, because ttheyse are still loans in process probably be best we don't talk exactly about tthey economics of such extensions. I think once tthey loans pays off I think we can be little bit more open and maybe in retrospect to provide those details, but since ttheyse loans are still outstanding and probably best if we don't get into too many details about tthey extensions. As we mentioned ttheyse extensions were done to again accommodate borrowers request for more time in terms of eittheyr refinancing tthey assets and/or possibly selling tthey assets. Again tthey properties are performing a very stable basis, all interest is current, all regular interest is current. And if tthey extensions are unsuccessful we will ttheyn reevaluate our options at that time. But right now we probably not get into too much detail about ottheyr conditions in terms of what was required. I can tell you for example that wtheyn we get tthey original modification of tthey self-storage loans for example we built in some additional protections to us including personal recourse and a portion of tthey loan. So, for example ttheyre is a recourse portion of tthey smaller portfolio loan, that continue to remain in place. So I can certainly share with you that we did not give up any rights and we certainly did not modify against us in any way ottheyr than of course extending tthey time period. But in terms of ottheyr changes in economics that probably be best if we discussed that more in retrospect. Doug Harter Got it. And ttheyn ttheir one can be kind of more philosophical, but kind of along tthey line, it just tthey thoughts around timing of extensions and ttheyse extensions were kind of done -- kind of after an initial maturity defaults and just kind of how you think about kind of wtheyn is tthey appropriate time to make or grant an extension to a borrower and kind of tthey optics of that timing? Jamie Henderson Hey, Doug, it’s Jamie Henderson. I guess we had answer that is, is all of ttheyse are one-offs. Ttheyre’s really no rule of thumb per se on wtheyn and how if you grant an extension. I think we look very carefully at how well secured we are and tthey odds of achieving tthey optimal outcome via extension or if we needed X size of remedies, every single deal, I mean part of ttheir business is borrowers come to us in order to facilitate tthey effectuation of a business plan, sometimes those business plans take longer, sometimes ttheyy take shorter, oftentimes we get paid, repaid early. Occasionally we get repaid a little bit later than we thought we would. It’s somewhat tthey nature of ttheir business. To Tae-Sik’s point on both cases we feel well secured and in ttheyse cases we decided that some short-term extensions were in tthey best interest of ACRE. Doug Harter Thank you, Jimmie. Jamie Henderson You’re welcome. Operator And tthey next question will be from Ken Bruce of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go atheyad. Ken Bruce Thank you. Good morning. My first question relates to tthey facility that you’re putting togettheyr with Ares, its very exciting development of course. I'm hoping maybe you would take a stab at providing some sense to what kind of ROE lift you think that you will be able to get from essentially making tthey balance ttheyyet more efficient through ttheir a vehicle? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure Ken. I think tthey math behind it is such that, wtheyn you look at each dollar on unvested equity, we’re trying to earn as we mentioned serving average call at 9% ROE on each dollar of equity. That is tthey target that we have set for ourselves and have shared with you all. And I think for tthey first three quarters of ttheir year I think we've been successful in being in that 9% net ROE zone. So if we can imagine having 5% of our equity capital or 10% of our equity capital uninvested, that’s obviously a pretty big drag in terms of our earnings. So I think we can all kind of do tthey math ttheyre. So I think tthey goal of ttheir is so that we can remain more fully invested at all times. I don't think and I don’t we’re promising that we’re to be at 100% because of ttheir warehouse facility, but it certainly allows us to be much more fully invested than wtheyre we are today. So wtheyn we have a $40 million loan coming due and that has anywtheyre from 10 to 50 million of equity associated with it. wtheyn that loans gets paid off you have that 10 to $50 million drag for 30 to 45 days, that’s tthey kind of drag we’re trying to eliminate during that 30 to 45 day average reinvestment period. It's really assumptions driven as you can imagine, but I think that gives you some idea of tthey type of delusion that we’re trying to minimize by having ttheir warehouse facility available to us. Just one ottheyr thing to mention about tthey warehouse facility that Ares bonds warehouse facility, is that again -- ttheyre’s going to be about 200 million of capacity as Jamie mentioned, we do think tthey loans in that warehouse facility will turn over pretty quickly. I think that warehouse facility will also be used for ottheyr [Ares sponsor debt] vehicle and entities, but we do think it will be very theylpful for us to again manage that matching of timing of repayments and new investment activities. Ken Bruce Great. Thank you. And ttheyn on Jade’s question regarding M&A, we kind of gets into an interesting topic for a lot of different reasons, but I guess, if you look at some of those mortgage rates that are trading below book value, lot of ttheym have some external contracts that need to be kind of dealt with. What kind of discounts do you think are necessary before some target would look interesting for purposes of tthey synttheytic capital raise? Jamie Henderson Sure. Again, I’ll just very high level theyre, but ttheyre are number of things you have to look at. One is a company trading at discount because of illiquidity of tthey assets, because of tthey structural impediments of tthey company poses or is ttheyre an issue with tthey assets ttheymselves. So that's tthey first and foremost question that we ask ourselves. And ttheyn tthey second question as you mention is what are tthey frictional cost actually getting to tthey capital? So in some cases you have external management contracts that need to be terminated. Sometimes you have compensation arrangements that need to be taken care of. And ttheyn ttheyre is always tthey frictional cost of just transaction expenses any sort of public to public deals are generally pretty expensive in terms of all tthey execution costs associate with it, including legal, including banking, including solicitation of shareholder votes. So those are not inexpensive processes ttheymselves, but I think at Ares we have tremendous amount of experience of doing that both in real estate and outside of real estate. We actually have a team at Ares fully dedicated to looking at ttheyse types of M&A effort. So Jamie and I worked very closely with that dedicated team theyre at Ares has been very extremely theylpful to have that in-house capability, in-house expertise, so that we can look at opportunities like tthey synttheytic capital raise, but make sure that we’re not just underwriting tthey real estate but also all of tthey transactional costs that are associated with that. So without giving you a number I can tell you that ttheyy are quite substantial in terms of all tthey costs I mentioned. Transaction expenses, payments atomic management agreements, payments to tthey sometimes and employment agreements, sometimes payments to and credit relationship as well, so all of those interviewed very carefully.  Ken Bruce Right. Thank you for that detail. And I guess -- I think that actually covers everything that could possibly. So thank you. Good quarter and nice to see that dividend increase again. Thanks. Jamie Henderson Perfect. Thank you, Ken. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question will be follow-up from Jade Rahmani of KBW. Please go atheyad. Jade Rahmani Thanks very much. What you think tthey reasonable assumption on loan spread all in blended, new originations on tthey first mortgage side? Jamie Henderson Hey Jade, it’s Jamie Henderson. It wanders round a bit, but I think our target is in tthey mid to high 3s. Jade Rahmani Okay. Are you seeing any compression, competitive pressures on origination fees? Jamie Henderson De minimis, those have theyld up pretty nicely. Jade Rahmani Do you expect a sequential dip in 1Q earnings based on tthey timing of getting ttheyse 277 million of commitment on tthey books and wtheyn you anticipate repayment you mentioned fourth quarter earnings would dip? Tae-Sik Yoon Yes. So I think being one month into tthey quarter and you having a pretty sense of originations activity and repayment activity, and again we will even furttheyr caveat by saying ttheyre is a significant amount of both activities and tthey timing of repayment and tthey timing of originations not just tthey volume will certainly have an impact on fourth quarter. So we want to give an early read into fourth quarter that maybe again temporary lower than what we've experienced for tthey first three quarters of 2018. I would just say, first quarter 2019 is a little too early to tell. We’ll certainly give a little more color wtheyn we get on our next call. But considering that it's two months out from even starting and five months out from ending, I think it’s a little premature to really give too much color. And again what I would really want to emphasize is tthey way we view our business plan, way we view our execution is we’re really looking at on an annual basis as we mentioned our goal is to hit that 9% net ROE target on an annual basis and we are trying to through for example ttheir Ares sponsored vehicle to smooth out if you want to solve that tthey quarter to quarter numbers, but clearly ttheyre will be some differences and some volatility for one call that between quarter to quarter results. So rattheyr than speaking about any particular quarter I think tthey outlook that we have for 2019 is very positive, that’s one of tthey reasons that Jamie mentioned we increased our dividend from $0.29 to $0.31, but again I think it's a little too far for us to talk specifically about first quarter 2019. Jade Rahmani And just on tthey repayment side for 2019 what do you think is a reasonable assumption to make? I think assuming something like a three-year average duration would suggest about 600 million of repayment which is well in excess of sctheyduled 2019 maturities, so just curious if you can comment on that? Jamie Henderson Sure. So, I think you have a good sense of it. With tthey billion seven portfolio you would expect to have repayments of call it 5, 6, 700 million per year and that sort of tthey range that we've experienced tthey last several years. Again ttheyre is some lumpiness to that. 2018 will be little higtheyr than what we normally experienced something in excess of 700, some of that is just due to ttheyse – some of ttheyse larger loans including tthey self-storage loans paying off. I would say ttheyir early forecast is that we do expect to be a little bit lower than 2018, so something under 700 a little bit more typical year. We don’t have as much contractual maturities, but as I mentioned tthey majority of our loans actually prepay earlier than tthey stated maturity. Jade Rahmani Okay. Thanks for tthey comments. Appreciate it. Jamie Henderson Thanks Jade. Operator And ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude our question and answer session. I would like to hand tthey conference back over to Jamie Henderson for their closing remarks. Jamie Henderson I want to thank everyone for ttheyir time today. And we look forward to speaking with you again in a few months on our next earnings call. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our conference for today. If you missed any part of today’s call, an archived replay of ttheir conference call will be available approximately one hour after tthey end of ttheir call through November 14, 2018 to domestic callers by dialing 1877-344-7529 and to international callers by dialing 1412-317-0088. For all replays, please reference conference number 10124527. An archived replay will also be available on a webcast link located on tthey home page of tthey investor resources section of our website. And tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. At ttheir time you may disconnect your lines. And once again tthey conference has concluded. You may disconnect your lines.