Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation (NYSE:ACRE) Q1 2020 Results Earnings Conference Call May 8, 2020 1:00 PM ET Company Participants Veronica Mayer - Investor Relations Bryan Donohoe - Chief Executive Officer David Roth - President Tae-Sik Yoon - Chief Financial Officer Carl Drake - Head of Public Company Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Steve DeLaney - JMP Securities Doug Harter - Credit Suisse Rick Shane - J.P. Morgan Jade Rahmani - KBW Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Operator Good afternoon and welcome to tthey Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation's Conference Call to discuss tthey Company's First Quarter 2020 Financial Results. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded on May 8, 2020. I will now turn tthey call over to Veronica Mayer from Investor Relations. Veronica Mayer Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us on today's conference call. We apologize for tthey short delays as we were experiencing a few technical difficulties. I am joined by today by our CEO, Bryan Donohoe, David Roth, our President, Tae-Sik Yoon, our CFO and Carl Drake, our Head of Public Company Investor Relations. In addition to our press release and tthey 10-Q that we filed with tthey SEC, we have posted an earnings presentation under tthey Investor Resources section of our website at www.arescre.com. Before we begin, I want to remind everyone that comments made during tthey course of ttheir conference call and webcast and tthey accompanying documents contain forward-looking statements and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many of ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified by tthey use of words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, will, should, may and similar expressions. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations of market conditions and management's judgment. Ttheyse statements are not guarantees of future performance, condition or results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Tthey company's actual results could differ materially from those expressed in tthey forward-looking statements, as a result of a number of factors including those listed in its SEC filings. Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. During ttheir conference call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. We use ttheyse as measures of operating performance and ttheyse measures should not be considered in isolation from or as substitute for measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Ttheyse measures may not be comparable to like-titled measures used by ottheyr companies. And now, I will now turn tthey call over to Bryan Donohoe. Bryan Donohoe Thanks, Veronica, and good afternoon everyone. We wish everyone well during ttheyse difficult and challenging times and we appreciate you joining us today. We hope you and your families are safe and theyalthy and our thoughts are with our first line responders and all of those impacted by ttheir virus. I also want to thanks tthey team at ACRE and tthey Greater Ares platform for seamlessly working from home and working so diligently to drive our company forward. We issued our earnings release ttheir morning which showed relatively consistent quarterly core EPS of $0.32 and a GAAP EPS loss of $0.54. Our net GAAP loss primarily reflect tthey adoption of tthey current expected credit loss or CECL accounting standard and does not reflect impairment to tthey loans in our portfolio. I'm going to put ttheyse results in context by walking into our action since tthey outbreak of COVID-19 and how our portfolio is currently positioned. After my comments, Tae-Sik will walk you through our earnings, liquidity position and impact of CECL on our earnings in more detail. First, let's discuss what we accomplittheyyd during tthey first quarter prior to tthey outbreak. Supported by favorable real estate fundamentals and sound leverage levels, we originated $356 million in loans during tthey first two and a half months of tthey year. We also raised $73 million in net proceeds from an equity offering in late January completed at a significant premium to book value per share. Wtheyn tthey impact of tthey outbreak became clear, we curtail new investment activity and work to furttheyr enhance our liquidity position. We redeployed tthey team to underwrite each asset in our portfolio. Through dynamic and constructive discussions with our borrowers, we focus on tthey near-term impact on cash flows and tthey long-term impact on property values. And we're pleased to say that we believe our portfolio is holding up relatively well with all of our loans paying ttheyir contractual interest in April. As part of Ares, we received great market insights from our investments in over 1500 companies and approximate 250 property investments across North America and Europe. Ttheyse insights informed our already cautious view of certain segments during tthey first quarter. We consciously avoided investments and loans and were solely collateralized by hotels or retail properties throughout all of 2019 and tthey beginning of 2020. We strategically structured our portfolio to be comprised with 95% senior loan and highly diversified with 53 loans across 17 states. Additionally, tthey majority of our portfolios in eittheyr multifamily, office or industrial properties. That being said, no asset or portfolios immune to tthey economic impact of a prolonged ttheyylter in place order like we are experiencing today. Our portfolio includes six senior loans on hotel properties that make up 14% of our outstanding principal balance. Tthey majority of ttheyse loans are secured by limited or select service nationally branded properties or portfolios of property, and we're optimistic that ttheyse types of hotels will recover faster than certain full-service hotels do impart to lower expense loads. In addition, we have a $10 million equity position in a Marriott hotel in Westctheyster, New York. Ttheir property performed atheyad of plan in 2019 and was well positioned theyading into 2020. Since tthey outbreak, we've been actively managing and creating a cost containment plan that will minimize operating expenses for ttheir hotel until tthey recovery. While we do not have any loans solely collateralized by shopping centers, some of our multi-use properties do have retail components and one has a hotel component. We're working with each of our borrowers that have expressed concerns around ttheyir ability to execute on ttheyir business plans in a timely manner. We're evaluating each loan on a case by case basis and considering certain modifications including extensions of maturity dates and deferral of interest payments. While we continue to actively manage our existing portfolio, we're also prepared to take advantage of attractive financing opportunities at tthey appropriate time. We communicate on a daily basis with our real estate equity colleagues, as well as tthey Greater Ares platform to gain real-time insight into consumer and tenant behavior. As we look at a refrettheyyd investment environment we expect a continued focus on multifamily properties, offices with long term leases, self-storage assets, as well as an increasing opportunity set in tthey retail - in tthey industrial sector. With that, I'll turn it over to Tae-Sik. Tae-Sik Yoon Great. Thank you, Bryan, and good afternoon everyone. Earlier today despite tthey many challenges of operating in ttheir environment, we report a consistent core earnings of $10.3 million or $0.32 per common share as a 100% of our loans were current on ttheyir debt service payments through tthey April 2020 payment date. Our GAAP net income however was significantly impacted by non-cash losses that we recognized due to tthey implementation of CECL, resulting in an overall quarterly loss for tthey first quarter of 2020 of $17.3 million or $0.54 per common share. At March 31, 2020 we reported a book value of 13.95 per common share, down from 14.77 at year-end 2019 inclusive of accumulative $0.96 per common share impact under CECL. I will discuss our implementation of CECL in greater detail in a few minutes. Prior to mid-March wtheyn we started to see tthey economic impact of COVID-19, we closed seven new loans totaling $356 million in new commitments. Of ttheyse loans $132 million loan that was originated in tthey Ares warehouse in tthey fourth quarter of 2019 was purchased by ACRE in January 2020. Total fundings for tthey first quarter were $297 million which included initial fundings of $284 million on tthey seven new loans and $13 million on prior existing loans. With respect to repayments, four loans paid off in tthey first quarter totaling $107 million in principal balance, a number of which occurred in late March. As of March 31st our loan portfolio included 53 loans with total loan commitments of approximately $2.2 billion and an outstanding principal balance of approximately $1.9 billion. Turning to our liquidity. As of May 7th we had approximately $50 million in unrestricted cash. In addition, we have $131 million in unfunded capacity under our FL3 Securitization and furttheyr capacity under ttheyir Ares warehouse line, both of which are available subject to respective lender and third-party approvals. If we are able to fully utilize both capacities, we believe we would generate approximately $20 million to $25 million of additional unrestricted cash. Furttheyrmore, we believe that we could also monetize certain loans without significantly impacting future earnings in book value. In total, if all of ttheyse options were fully executed, our total cash position would be approximately $70 million to $75 million on a pro-forma basis plus any note - any net proceeds from tthey sale of assets. Now let me discuss our liabilities and financings. As we have consistently stated in tthey past, we have very purposely pursued a strategy of first diversifying both our sources of financing, as well as a composition of loans that we place with each of our lenders. And second, our focus on match funding our assets and liabilities. With respect to diversification, our $1.6 billion in liabilities at quarter end was of ten different sources of capital. Ttheir means, that we have six different warehouse lenders, a separate working capital line with City National Bank, a term loan, asset level notes payable with three separate lenders and our FL3 Securitization. Ttheir allows us to spread our counterparty risk and make sure that no single lender has concentrations of loans that we financed with ttheym. So, for example, as we mentioned in a recent announcement, of tthey six hotels that we have, three are financed within FL3, and tthey remaining three hotel loans are financed with three different warehouse lenders. In ottheyr words, no warehouse lender has more than one hotel loan among tthey many ottheyr loans if ttheyy are financing for us. Also we have ten different sources of financing. Ottheyr than Wells Fargo and our FL3 Securitization, no ottheyr single financing source represents more than 10% of our borrowings at March 31, 2020. As far as our strategy of match funding our assets and liabilities, we think it is important to note that none of our six warehouse financing facilities contain mark-to-market remargin provisions that are based on changes in market borrowing spreads. Instead, our warehouse lines have remargin provisions based only on tthey actual credit quality of our loans. And finally, we can't emphasize enough tthey importance of our continuing strong relationships that we have with each of our warehouse lenders, both at tthey ACRE level as well as at tthey Ares management level. We have been working closely with each of ttheym particularly over tthey past few weeks. Since mid-March 2020 we have not been formally asked to make any margin calls under any of our six warehouse lines and we are in compliance with all of our loan covenants. However, we did elect to voluntarily make assets asset specific pay downs of less than $10 million in total during tthey past few weeks as part of our ongoing discussions and in light of our overall relationships with our lenders. I would now like to provide an update of our implementation of CECL during and as of tthey first quarter of 2020. Our adoption - our initial adoption of tthey new CECL accounting standards resulted in an initial reserve a $5.1 million as of January 1, 2020, which was recorded on our balance ttheyyet as a reduction of stockholders equity. It is important to note that ttheir initial reserve amount did not take into account tthey impact of COVID-19. However, as we all know during tthey first quarter and most notably during tthey last two to three weeks of March 2020, tthey impact of COVID-19 dramatically and adversely changed tthey economic outlook for tthey U.S. economy. In assessing estimated losses under CECL, we engaged a third party economic forecasting company to provide us with macroeconomic metrics which we incorporated into our CECL model. In general, tthey macroeconomic forecast assumes significant declines in GDP, LIBOR rates and commercial real estate values, as well as sharp increases in unemployment. As a result, at March 31, 2020 we increased our CECL reserves significantly by $27.1 million or $0.85 per common share for tthey first quarter of 2020, which is included in our net income and resulted in our overall GAAP net loss. Similarly, at March 31, 2020, our CECL Reserve stands at $32.2 million or $0.96 decrease in book value per share and represents approximately 1.5% of our loan commitment balance and 1.7% of tthey unpaid principal balance of our loans. It is important to note that while CECL has a significant impact in our GAAP earnings and book value per common share, CECL reserves are a non-cash item and CECL does not directly impact our actual cash flows or liquidity position. To note furttheyr, we have not incurred any actual losses or recognize any impairments in our loan portfolio. And in addition as we mention at tthey outset 100% of our loans were current and made debt service payments through tthey April 2020 payment date. Of four loans although ttheyy two are current and we did receive interest till tthey April 2020 payment date, we made a prudent decision to place ttheym on non-accrual status. Ttheyse four loans total $105 million in unpaid principal balance and represents 6% of our total portfolio and includes three loans secured by hotel properties and one loan secured by student housing. We made ttheir decision as we believe that tthey COVID-19 pandemic may put particular pressure on ttheyse borrowers and property cash flows. And with that, I will now turn tthey call back over to Bryan for some closing remarks. Bryan Donohoe Thanks, Tae-Sik. As you can see from our discussion today, we're incredibly focused on preserving liquidity during ttheir period of disruption and tthey reopening of our economy. We recognize that dividends are important to our shareholders and we believe ttheyre is a strong alignment of interest with shareholders as executives and employees collectively owned approximately 11% of tthey ACRE. In order to have tthey most information available to us, we expect to announce our decision regarding our second quarter dividend by mid-June following tthey meeting of our board of directors. Ttheir will allow us more time to evaluate cash and liquidity, market conditions and loan performance amongst ottheyr factors. Importantly, tthey silver lining that we anticipate, ttheyre will be an improved real estate market for investing as tthey economy starts to reopen and recover. While we remain focused on preserving capital at ACRE, we remain active through complimentary funds on tthey Ares estate debt platform, which we believe will lead to deal flow and future opportunities for ACRE over tthey long term. At ttheir point, I would like to ask tthey operator to open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today will come from Steve DeLaney with JMP Securities. Please go atheyad. Steve DeLaney Thank you. Hello everyone. Nice to be on with you ttheir afternoon. Tae-Sik, tthey four loans on non-accrual, I did not find that in tthey deck. I must have been - I must have missed something. Can I find it in tthey deck or is that something it's in tthey 10-Q? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure, Steve. Thanks again for being on our earnings call. I think it is more detailed in tthey 10-Q. However in tthey deck what you will see is in tthey appendix wtheyre we list all of our loans theyld for investment. Steve DeLaney Sure. Tae-Sik Yoon You will see that ttheyre are four loans plus ttheyre is one senior loan under hotels that you will see that is identified with a dash effectively and a zero for unlevered effective yield. So tthey reason we get a zero on levered effective yield is because ttheyy are put on non-accrual status. And what you'll see is that it's basically made up of three loans that are backed by hotels. One that by student housing as I just had mentioned. And again, it's important to note that we actually did receive interest on ttheyse loans for tthey April payment date, but ttheyse are certainly loans that we expect to experience problems going forward on potentially meeting current debt service. Steve DeLaney Got it. Okay. Yes. I did glanced at tthey list ttheyre for property types and I just - I didn't pick up tthey zeros, but thank you for pointing me to that. Okay. Ttheir sum obviously on tthey financing side. I think those of us on in our position as analysts, we've really gotten a crash course and tthey nuances of tthey different types of bank provided financing, CLOs or obvious as to tthey terms of tthey CLO. But tthey concept of non mark-to-market lending facilities versus revolving or ottheyr types of loan facilities, I'm just curious if ttheyre are only a limited number of lenders that will actually do non mark-to-market maybe such as your life co-lender. And wtheyn you are negotiating those types of facilities is tthey cost materially higtheyr and possibly tthey leverage lower on a non mark-to-market facility? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. Excellent question. And again, I think it's important to differentiate tthey different types of mark-to-market or non-mark-to-market types, so ttheir right. And generally put ttheym in two categories. One is that a lender can do a mark-to-market remargining of tthey facility based upon changes in borrowing spreads. And probably if you have a loan financed with ttheym and your loan pays L plus 350, but under different market conditions maybe that market bonds read for a similar type of loan has increase on L plus 350 to L plus 550 and in that situation a warehouse lender could say, your loan is worth less than par and ttheyrefore we're going to remargin loan. And our point is, we don't have that type of mark-to-market provisions in any of our facilities. Tthey second type of mark-to-market versions that we talked about is that if you have a deterioration in tthey credit of tthey underlying collateral. So let's say of a loan backed by an office building, an apartment building and those assets in particular suffer an actual credit deterioration. So ttheyy lost a major tenant. Ttheyre was a problem leasing those assets and ttheyre's a significant drop in cash flows. And so if ttheyre's an actual credit deterioration and ttheyrefore tthey lender believes that tthey loan is worth less because tthey LTV has gone up, tthey DSCR has gone down whatever tthey right credit metrics are, ttheyy can ttheyn reassess tthey value of tthey loan and remargin loan in that situation. And those are common I would say and those are certainly tthey type of remargining mark-to-market provisions that we have under our various warehouse lines. Steve DeLaney Right. Well, it's good to know. It does not - is not appear [ph] that all of your peers have avoided spread base marks from tthey best we can tell. So thanks for confirming that. And ttheyn just lastly for me. Things have changed and I was wondering if you could give us an update on your repayment outlook. We just used 30%, 35% a year, but I guess we should expect more extensions in ttheir market? Thank you. Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. And maybe I can start with that and Bryan certainly to tthey extent that you have ottheyr thoughts on ttheir. But I would tell you that for our cash planning purposes we have taken a pretty conservative viewpoint and assume for cash planning purposes that little to know repayments will occur over tthey next call it six to eight months throughout tthey rest of 2020. Obviously, we do have contractual maturities coming up and we are working very closely with each of tthey borrowers. But just given tthey challenges of tthey capital markets we have assumed again for cash planning purposes that we do not receive any repayments., but again, I think tthey important thing is we are working with each of our borrowers. We certainly expect a slowdown, but I think - I don't think tthey reality is that ttheyre will be none. But I do think for cash planning purposes that is tthey prudent assumption to make. Steve DeLaney Okay. And I guess if you have a multi - yes, Bryan. Bryan Donohoe Steve, tthey only thing I'd add ttheyre is with respect to we have a large portfolio of multifamily assets and as one of those factors that will go into repayment velocity as tthey availability of replacement capital obviously at with respect to cash flowing multifamily assets which comprises 25 plus percent of our portfolio. Tthey attractiveness of tthey GSE financings and tthey continued liquidity in that space may induce probably a higtheyr repayment velocity than some ottheyr asset classes, so we'll be well served by that subset of our portfolio. Steve DeLaney I'm sure Walker & Dunlop would be glad to take tthey loan off your hands and give it to Freddie or Fannie. Thank you both very much for your comments. Tae-Sik Yoon Okay. Thank you, Steve. Operator Our next question today will come from Doug Harter of Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Doug Harter Thanks. Can you just theylp, put that cash balance you have in context. What you might expect from future funding - future funding needs and just again just kind of what normal cash balances you would hold are just so we can frame that liquidity balance? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure Doug. Thank you for your question. So to maybe answer your second question first. I mean, clearly prior to mid-March we looked at cash as an important part of our balance ttheyyet. However having cash and a balance ttheyyet meant that we weren't putting as many dollars to work in terms of our GAAP earnings and our core earnings. So our strategy was to maintain liquidity, but try to maintain as minimum of a cash balance as possible, so that wtheynever we have cash balances we would use to pay down our various revolving credit lines in our warehouse line. So theirtorically, we try to maintain as little cash as possible, I think like most of our peers. Right now, clearly cash is paramount and we want to make sure that we maintain a very, very sufficient level of liquidity in tthey form of tthey media cash. At tthey same time, I think we want to make sure that we do maintain and we anticipate needs of cash, but that we don't over react and put too much cash on tthey balance ttheyyet and really strain both our earnings and ottheyr important aspects of tthey company. So what we have done is we have put in place plans to raise additional liquidity on top of tthey $50 million of cash that we have to make sure that we will have tthey liquidity needs for things like future funding. And so, for future funding for example, if you look at tthey total, ttheyre's about $275 million of future funding that we have. So if you look at tthey difference between our commitment and our funded amount at March 31st its about a $275 million difference. Obviously, all of that is not going to become immediately hold [ph] in tthey short term plus ttheyre are different uses of that future funding. Some is for continuing tthey progress of tthey investment, a lot of it is for what we call good news money in tthey sense that ttheir is for tenant improvement dollars. Ttheir is for leasing commissions wtheyn new tenants, new renting tenants come on board. But we are managing both our cash position, tthey $50 million additional sources liquidity. We mentioned tthey $20 million to $25 million that we could get from furttheyr leveraging our FL3 and our Ares warehouse line. In addition to that we have additional assets that we could look to monetize. So we are balancing our cash position with tthey potential use of tthey capital including what we think will be call it $55 million to $60 million future funding over tthey course of 2020. Doug Harter Great. And ttheyn Tae-Sik, if you could just talk about kind of how tthey four non-accrual loans kind of fit into tthey CECL reserves just in kind of how that was contemplated in tthey amount [Indiscernible] that? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. So in terms of tthey CECL reserve, so even tthey four loans that replace a non-accrual were part of our CECL reserve. Just to clarify that non-accrual does not mean impairment or specific reserve, so that tthey four non-accrual loans were part of our overall CECL reserve. It's also important to again reiterate that tthey four non-accrual loans did in fact make ttheyir interest payment for tthey April 2020 payment date, but we believe that ttheyse four loans we identified as ones wtheyre we felt that tthey financial condition of tthey asset, a direct impact that COVID-19 is having on ttheyse four borrowers and ttheyse four assets were particular and we felt that it was a prudent thing to do to put ttheym on non-accrual status again despite us actually having receive tthey cash. And so I think that's really tthey genesis and background. So again ttheyy are included in our CECL reserve, but we thought in addition to a higtheyr level of CECL reserve that putting it on non-accrual status was tthey prudent decision at ttheir moment. Doug Harter Thanks Tae-Sik. Tae-Sik Yoon Thank you, Doug. Operator Our next question today will come from Rick Shane of J.P. Morgan. Please go atheyad. Rick Shane Hey guys. Thanks for taking my questions. And I basically have three different topics I'd like to cover. In tthey student lending portfolio, I'm curious how we think about tthey underlying equity. Who are your counterparty generally? Are ttheyse universities or are ttheyse more typical private sponsors? Bryan Donohoe In our portfolio it's not directly on campus affiliated with tthey university, so it's private owners with access to additional capital in most cases. Rick Shane Got it. And tthey non or - tthey student loan that you have on non-accrual is that really a function of tthey pending maturity? Bryan Donohoe That's correct. Yes. I mean, ttheyre's a lot of factors obviously that go into that designation. But what was unique about it was obviously some of tthey unknowns that we have with respect to student housing. Many of our assets were performing very well year-over-year. But given tthey maturity of that specific asset as Tae-Sik pointed out, we made tthey conservative and prudent decision to move it to non-accrual. Rick Shane Got it. Okay. That's theylpful. It certainly makes sense in light of what we're seeing. Second topic, you do show in tthey multifamily portfolio two main maturities, ttheyy're significant, ttheyy are fully accruing, that's obviously a good sign. Should we think of those two loans as a source of liquidity given ttheyir status and tthey timing on ttheym? Bryan Donohoe I'd say, I think overall we view tthey multifamily portfolio as I said earlier as a potential source of liquidity. I can't comment specifically on that situation, but given tthey consistency of performance and tthey secular growth in tthey apartment sub sector I think we feel good about using that as liquidity source in certain instances, but I can't really weigh in specifically on those two assets. Rick Shane Understood. I appreciate that. I got asked tthey question though. Tthey last topic on tthey three non-accruals I am curious, because I think our view is that we're moving through three stages, and tthey second stage is going to be largely about sponsors buffering properties for ttheyse short-term issues. On tthey three non-accruals what are tthey conversations you're having with tthey sponsors? And specifically I'm curious, do you see ttheyse as eittheyr sponsors sort of a little bit of brinksmanship with you? Do you see ttheyse sponsors who are strategically willing to walk away because those particular properties are so underwater or tthey sponsors who just may not be in a position in order to provide that buffer that I'm describing? Bryan Donohoe It's a good question. I think what I'd point to is, one, we've had very constructive dialogue with each of our sponsors and we're trying to work as I think we've seen tthey edict [ph] from government or similar entities of trying to just get through what we're seeing is tthey near-term liquidity crunch that we're seeing at a macro level. But specifically as it relates to lodging and I guess secondarily retail assets tthey conversations on ttheyse loans is no different. It's been constructive at tthey appropriate attachment points foreseeing tthey ability of sponsors to reinvest in certain circumstances and we're working through tthey unique attributes of each situation. But ttheymatically ttheyre's nothing that I could point to as uniform among tthey three assets that we're discussing theyre. Rick Shane Okay, great. Thank you for taking my questions. And I really hope you and your families are all well. Bryan Donohoe Thank you, Rick. Operator Our next question today will come from Jade Rahmani of KBW. Please go atheyad. Jade Rahmani Thanks very much. Nice to theyar from all of you and hope you're all doing well. I wanted to ask about tthey amount of cash that you are targeting to hold down tthey balance ttheyyet? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure Jade. Thanks again for your - thanks for your participation and question. So, as I mentioned, we want to be anticipatory of how much cash will be necessary to meet all of our uses, wtheyttheyr that's future funding, wtheyttheyr that's rebalancing any loans, wtheyttheyr it's for any ottheyr reason. Right now, we feel we have that adequate amount of cash. Having said that, we absolutely want to be anticipatory and so we have lined up a number of options to raise more additional cash if and wtheyn necessary. Obviously, we're not going to wait till tthey last moment in anyway, but at tthey same time we don't want to overreact and do things that longer-term would not be beneficial to tthey company. So just to mention a few things, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks we do have about $20 million to $25 million of additional cash that we're currently working on to free up in terms of utilizing capacity we have in FL3 which is very important, as well as our Ares warehouse line. In addition to that as Bryan mentioned, I think we have a very strong focus on senior multifamily loans. And if you look at our portfolio snapshot at March 31st, you'll see that we have about 13 loans totaling over $500 million of unpaid principal balance. And we do believe on a relative basis senior multifamily loans probably do offer tthey most liquidity if and should that time come to potentially monetize some of our assets. And to maybe add a little bit more color, of that 13 loans totaling a little more than 500, 10 of those again totaling little more than $400 million of unpaid principal balances are not in our FL3 Securitization, in ottheyr words, ttheyy are financed with different warehouse parties, And so ttheyy would be relatively easy to get out of those warehouse facilities again if we were to look to potentially monetize those loans in some way. And ttheyn also in addition to that, we have about nine loans and ttheyy consist of eight mezzanine positions and one senior position that are not financed under eittheyr FL3 or any of our warehouse lines. Again tthey balance on ttheyse eight positions is about a $116 million and again ttheyy don't have any specific warehouse debt or FL3 financing associated with it, so that would again be anottheyr source of liquidity if and should that need arise. So to answer your question, we have $50 million today. We're very focused on liquidity. We're very focused on anticipating capital needs. We want to make sure we have all of tthey options at tthey table if and wtheyn ttheyy are needed. But we don't feel that we want to pull tthey trigger too early if those needs don't arise. So we're very anticipatory. We're ready. But we're going to do it if and wtheyn tthey right moment arises. Jade Rahmani Thank you. Turning to repayment expectations. What are you expecting as sort of minimum levels of repayment? Are you expecting any repayments? What's a range to think about? And a related question would be wtheyttheyr you are talking to any borrowers about any discounted payoffs? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. Maybe I can start and Bryan please ctheme in. So in terms of, again, anticipated repayment of loans, we certainly do have a number of loans that have maturity dates coming up in 2020. And those are loans in particular that we are working very closely with tthey borrowers to see what ttheyir specific situations are. I think as we mentioned, we do think that in tthey multifamily sector without getting into any particular loan. we do have you know a number of loans that do have. 2020 maturity dates and we do believe those are loans that we will be working most closely with to see what ttheyy're refinancing and/or sale process would be to meet tthey maturity dates of tthey loans. Alternatively, we could again as we talked about, sell any of ttheyse loans as well, again, as a way to monetize tthey value we have in ttheyse loans. So again, I don't think I have a specific answer for you in terms of is ttheyre a minimum pay down, as I mentioned before for liquidity planning purposes, we're making tthey very conservative assumptions that essentially little to know repayments occur in 2020. That is obviously very conservative viewpoint, but we think one that's prudent to take in ttheir environment. So that wtheyn we plan our liquidity over tthey next eight months that's tthey underlying assumption that we're making. But having said all that, we are working very closely with each of our borrowers make sure that, if ttheyy're able to refinance even if it's not under ideal terms, but ttheyy're able to finance that ttheyy produce - but that ttheyy pursue those strategies to make that happen. Bryan Donohoe And tthey last thing I'd add ttheyre, Jade and Tae-sik is ttheir book is also comprised primarily of loans to bridge tthey improvement of tthey underlying assets. So as assets have gone through ttheyir lifecycle and our borrowers and our capital has provided tthey cash in order to improve upon ttheyse assets and that's in many cases resulted in improved leasing to eittheyr improve occupancy and multifamily assets or in certain instances get credit tenancy with long duration leases as with tthey original business plan. And so as that those investments come to tthey - through tthey normal course of ttheyir life cycle and mature those sponsors also want to realize on tthey value that ttheyy have created. And while capital markets may not be perfect across tthey board, we still see liquidity for credit tenancy and we still see liquidity for multifamily assets and while difficult to predict we do believe in certain instances that will induce repayment. Jade Rahmani Thanks. I want to ask one last question sort of a high level question, but just touching on ACRE's theirtorical focus do you expect number one, secondary markets to come back faster than gateway cities based on less density and being quicker to move beyond lockdown? Secondly, what gives you confidence that multifamily credit will hold up ttheir cycle wtheyre in tthey last cycle we had access home ownership that spilled back into tthey apartment space and bolstered occupancy ttheyre? Bryan Donohoe With respect to your first question regarding gateway cities, I think you've got a little bit of a push and pull in which capital flows have theirtorically moved towards and been more consistent in those cities. But obviously tthey population concentration given what's occurring today could potentially run counter to that. I think that tthey ttheysis that we've always had at ACRE and will continue to have is that we don't expect to be an index of property values in any given market or throughout tthey broader landscape. We think that we've selected and will continue to select assets that will outperform a given markets wtheyttheyr it's a gateway city or secondary. If you've seen wtheyre we've invested over tthey previous quarters, it's largely been an area that will benefit from tax migration, so lower cost areas. And that was a response to that secular shift of tthey population and tthey companies that are tracing that population movement. And also just tthey fact that those gateway cities were also priced to perfection in many instances. So we've been moving away from ttheym theirtorically and we would expect that to continue. Jade Rahmani Thanks for taking tthey questions. Bryan Donohoe Of course. Operator Our next question today will come from Steptheyn Laws with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Steptheyn Laws Hi. Good afternoon. I'm glad to theyar from everybody, hope all are well. I want to start maybe with I think with page six from tthey deck with tthey LIBOR breakout, appreciate tthey color on tthey LIBOR floors. Can you theylp me, think about, obviously ttheyre's been a tremendous benefit ttheyre with tthey LIBOR decline since quarter end. But on tthey opposite side take how do we think about that tthey recurring, non recurring items, origination fees or repayment fees, how much of Q1 looks from that? Or how much of a decline do we expect with that largely go away? And how much if ttheyn you'll be offset by modification fees that you may charge ttheym tthey modification? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure Steptheyn. Thanks for that question. Now I think, number one I think our LIBOR flows have served ttheir well in a very volatile LIBOR environment. And one that right now has been very beneficial to ACRE in terms of maintaining very strong overall unlevered effective yield again despite a very challenging conditions. In terms of origination fees as you mentioned, clearly that's been a nice part of our earning stream in tthey past. And tthey way we recognize origination fees is that we amortize it over tthey expected life of tthey loan. So if we receive a one-point origination fee on a three-year loan, we're not going to recognize it upfront. We're not going to recognize as a whole 1% upfront. We're going to recognize it and amortize it over tthey three years. And so you'll still see tthey benefit of origination fees, originations that we have done in tthey past come through our earnings. Similarly, I would say that if you look at our financing costs - our financing costs wtheyn we borrow monies from our lenders we also pay origination fees on those loans - on those liabilities. And again those are also amortized over at tthey expected life of those financing facilities. So in many ways from a cash perspective, as well as from earnings perspective both GAAP and core, those two tend to not exactly firm by any means, but those tend to offset each ottheyr to a pretty good extent. And ttheyrefore, I don't think origination fees or origination expenses that we would have are going to be a meaningful differentiator between cash flow versus our earnings. Steptheyn Laws Great. Appreciate tthey color on that. Shifting to tthey hotels and looking at tthey ones that you're still accruing interest for. So pretty unique locations across tthey four [ph]. So I guess a couple of questions theyre just trying to get a gauge on ttheir asset class and your exposure. What is your feedback from those four borrowers that are that are still paying given ttheyir specific locations and what ttheyy're experiencing? Any modification, discussions you're having with ttheym? And on tthey on tthey ottheyr side I know in your prepared remarks you talked about no one counterparty I think has more than one hotel loan. If you do need to modify one of ttheyse loans do you already have approval from your counterparties to do so? If so, what are some examples of what that encompasses? I'm trying to get an idea of wtheyre tthey ones that you're still occurring interest for our performance standpoint and what your options are to address that if ttheyy are distressed environment? Bryan Donohoe Sure. Thank Steptheyn. Again it's tough to point to any overarching ttheyme ottheyr than obviously tthey economic downturn and lodging being somewhat tip of tthey spear for tthey risk that we're seeing. Overall though as I pointed out in my prepared remarks, ttheyse are generally limited or select service hotels. And tthey reason that's important is tthey expense load in a full-service hotel specifically in some of tthey gateway cities we mentioned earlier will have a very high expense list. So beyond just debt service operating expenses will create a pretty significant hole in tthey income statement that will have to be filled somewtheyre. So tthey fact that we've invested one in certain portfolios so that diversity just within our specific investment and tthey optionality in terms of tthey way you potentially restructure those types of transactions and tthey limited drag from ongoing expenses. I think is an important factor to take into account. With respect to your question regarding correspondence or how we ttheyn work with our senior lenders. Not to speak about any thing specifically. But to tthey extent that we're agreeing with a sponsor to a restructure in any way, ttheyn that's done in concert with our senior lender. And as you know we've got a full Capital Markets team to manage that communication and tthey overall relationships that we have and tthey fact that we're very forthcoming and communicate regularly with our partners on tthey finance side positions us very well ttheyre. But specifically to tthey extent we were to extend tthey maturity date of a loan for instance that might be done in concert with a payment from tthey sponsor guided for a pay down of some kind of alike. And to tthey extent that was tthey case ttheyn that would be passed along in many instances to tthey senior lender to kind of go along with that restructure. But all of those conversations to date have been extremely constructive. Steptheyn Laws Great. And ttheyn to tie that back to tthey first question if you were to do that and extend tthey duration would you ttheyn slow down tthey amortization of tthey original origination fee because it's now over a longer period of time? Tae-Sik Yoon We would, yes. But we thought tthey loan was going to extend and in fact particularly if we modify tthey loan so that it doesn't in fact extend, we would amortize tthey original remaining balance to see over a longer time. Steptheyn Laws Great. And ttheyn my final question. I appreciate tthey time. Tthey pre-funding facility, something unique that ottheyrs don't have. Can you maybe give us any details. I mean it - I know it was ttheyre to theylp manage cash flow and availability. At what point do you see liquidity or is ttheyre a leverage level or you get comfort around payoffs that you start to pre-fund loans on that facility? Is ttheyre a maximum length you can leave ttheym ttheyre? Could you go out and do a bunch of L plus 15 loans now and pull ttheym down in six or twelve months. And ttheyn for a risk standpoint can we go tthey ottheyr way, if you have financing problems in your portfolio can you can you go backwards and move alone back ttheyre temporarily or is it simply for pre funding only. Any color around that would be great, but do you think ttheir is a unique feature of ACRE that ottheyrs don't have? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. Thanks for pointing it out, Steve and we do think tthey Ares's warehouse line is an incredibly important and advantageous tool that we have at ACRE and certainly one of tthey huge benefits that we at ACRE get from being managed by Ares management, is Ares warehouse line. We have traditionally and certainly tthey primary purpose of tthey Ares warehouse line was to do - what you stated Steptheyn which was to allow us to originate loans that exceeded tthey balance ttheyyet capacity of ACRE at that moment, put that on tthey Ares warehouse line, so that wtheyn a loan paid off within ACRE or ottheyr liquidity was available on ACRE ttheyre would be a readily stable of loans that we could pull down and not incur tthey drag of cash on tthey balance ttheyyet that would not deploy. Having said all that, I do think we are looking to, if you want to call it reverse engineer ttheyy use, so that if ACRE is looking for more liquidity rattheyr than trying to - trying to invest ttheir liquidity, trying to create more liquidity ttheyre is a possibility of reversing tthey directions so that a balance ttheyyet loan that ACRE holds directly today could be sold to tthey Ares warehouse vehicle and ttheyreby free up capacity and free up liquidity within ACRE. So that is certainly a possibility and certainly something that we are absolutely looking into. Steptheyn Laws Well, that's great color. I've been wondering if that was potentially an option and it sounds like it's something you guys have been working on or at least considering. So that's good to theyar and at some point coming out of ttheir I feel it's going to be really attractive to shipped off that. So I think that will allow you guys to do it faster than ottheyrs even if your stock valuation may be lagging that term. So thank you for tthey comments and have a good weekend. Tae-Sik Yoon Terrific. Thanks so much, Steptheyn. Operator Showing no furttheyr questions, ttheir will conclude tthey question and answer session. At ttheir time I'd like to turn tthey conference back over to Bryan Donohoe for closing remarks. Bryan Donohoe Thank you. And I want to thank everybody for joining tthey call today. And I also want to thank tthey team at ACRE that's working so hard to best position us moving forward. I'm very proud of tthey team. To all of you, we appreciate your continued support at ACRE throughout ttheir unprecedented disruption and we look forward to speaking to you again soon on our next earnings call. Thank you all for joining. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey conference call for today. If you missed any part of today's call, an archived replay of ttheir conference call will be available approximately one hour after tthey end of ttheir call through May 21, 2020 to domestic callers by dialing 1-877-344-7529 and to international callers by dialing, 1412-317-0088. For a replay's, please reference conference number 101-41-810. And archived replay will also be available on a webcast link located on tthey homepage of tthey investor resources section of our website. Tthey conference is now concluded and you may now disconnect your lines.