Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation (NYSE:ACRE) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call July 29, 2022 12:00 PM ET Company Participants John Stilmar - IR Bryan Donohoe - CEO Tae-Sik Yoon - CFO Conference Call Participants Rick Shane - JPMorgan Jade Rahmani - KBW Douglas Harter - Credit Suisse Operator Good afternoon, and welcome to Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation's Conference Call to discuss tthey company's Second Quarter 2022 Financial Results. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded on July 29, 2022. I'll now hand tthey call over to John Stilmar from Investor Relations. John Stilmar Good afternoon and thank you for joining us on today's conference call. I am joined today by our CEO, Bryan Donohoe; Tae-Sik Yoon, our CFO; Carl Drake, Head of Public Markets Investor Relations and ottheyr members of our team. In addition to our press release and tthey 10-Q that we filed with tthey SEC, we have posted an earnings presentation under tthey Investor Resources section of our website at www.arescre.com. Before we begin, I want to remind everyone that comments made during tthey course of ttheir conference call and webcast as well as tthey accompanying documents contain forward-looking statements and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many of ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified by tthey words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, will, should, may and similar such expressions. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations of market conditions and management's judgment. Ttheyse statements are not guarantees of future performance, conditions or results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Tthey company's actual results could differ materially from those expressed in tthey forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those listed in its SEC filings. Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. During ttheir call, we'll refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. We use ttheyse measures of operating performance and should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for measures prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Ttheyse measures may not be comparable to like-titled measures used by ottheyr companies. Now I'd like to turn tthey call over to our CEO, Bryan Donohoe. Bryan Donohoe Thanks, John and good afternoon, everyone. Ttheir morning, we announced second quarter distributable earnings of $0.38 per share, an increase of 12% from tthey first quarter, exceeding our combined regular and supplemental dividends paid of $0.35 per share. Tthey growth in our distributable earnings was driven by new investment activity, prepayment fees and tthey benefits of rising interest rates. Looking forward, we expect that our earnings potential will continue to benefit from furttheyr increases in interest rates due to our floating rate loan portfolio and tthey theydges we put in place early last year on our liabilities. Let me touch on tthey changing market conditions and how it influences our investment activity. Overall property -- level fundamentals continue to be stable, although rising interest rates tightened inflation and an uncertain economic backdrop have led to diverging views of property values. Ttheir has resulted in tthey cooling off of commercial real estate transaction activity and has pressured properties that lack inability to increase cash flows. As market volatility increases and a greater dispersion of expectations for property performance unfolds we believe we are well positioned to benefit with respect to new investments. We believe tthey sourcing and informational benefits we derive for being a part of tthey Ares global platform provides even more significant advantages for us in today's dynamic environment. During tthey second quarter, we found investment opportunities with generally more conservative structures and at wider spreads in our target sectors. For tthey second quarter, we closed $356 million of senior floating rate loan commitments across eight transactions with approximately 80% of tthey commitments collateralized by multifamily and self-storage properties. Reflecting tthey widening spread opportunities we see in tthey market, spreads on tthey multifamily loans originated ttheir quarter, for example, were approximately 90 basis points higtheyr than our post-pandemic average spreads for multifamily transactions. Before turning tthey call over to Tae-Sik, I want to highlight that our Board recently authorized a new $50 million share buyback plan, providing us tthey opportunity to repurchase our stock wtheyre it is accretive to our earnings and our book value. Given our strong capital position, having ttheir plan in place widens our opportunity set as we seek to continue to prudently invest in a more lender-friendly environment. I'll now turn it over to Tae-Sik to walk through our quarterly financial highlights and furttheyr details on our portfolio. Tae-Sik Yoon Great, thank you, Bryan, and good afternoon, everyone. Ttheir morning, we reported GAAP net income of $10 million or $0.20 per share and distributable earnings of $19.2 million or $0.38 per share. As Bryan discussed, our earnings ttheir quarter were supported by tthey positive benefits of rising interest rates our liability theydging positions and a net increase of $200 million in our loan portfolio. In addition, we earned approximately $0.03 per share in tthey form of fees that were accelerated due to loans that paid off earlier than maturity. We ended tthey quarter with a portfolio consisting of 99% senior loans and an outstanding principal balance of $2.6 billion across 78 loans. During tthey quarter, we collected 99% of our contractual interest due and continue to have only two loans on nonaccrual status, representing less than 2% of our overall portfolio as of June 30, 2022. In terms of credit quality metrics, tthey weighted average risk rating for tthey portfolio increased slightly to 2.8% from 2.7% last quarter, but it continues to be below our 2021 quarterly average of 2.9%. Ttheir modest change primarily reflects a shift of five loans from a risk rating of two to a risk rating of three due to our outlook and select, business plans on several performing properties. Importantly, ttheyre were no additions to our four risk-rated loans, and we continue to have no risk-rated five loans. In terms of CECL, we increased our general reserve by $7.8 million to $32.4 million, driven by a change in tthey outlook of a few properties in select markets and a $3.3 million increase in tthey net portfolio growth in tthey quarter. Turning to our capitalization and liquidity, our borrowing base remains highly diversified across eight various financing sources. And importantly, none of ttheyse financing sources have spread-based mark-to-market provisions. We are also in a very strong capital position with approximately $190 million of available capital as of July 28. Our strong capital position is supported by tthey issuance of 7 million common shares raising just over $100 million of common equity at a premium to book value during tthey second quarter. Ttheir theyalthy level of available capital should benefit us as we selectively invest in an increasingly attractive spread opportunity and maintain a significant level of protection from unexpected credit losses. Let me now provide an update on our portfolio positioning and impactful changes in short-term interest rates on tthey future earnings potential of our company. 98% of our portfolio, as measured by unpaid principal balance is comprised of floating rate loans indexed to eittheyr one month LIBOR or SOFR, resulting in our portfolio -- being positioned to benefit from furttheyr increases in tthey respective indices. We also continue to match funds our assets and liabilities and theydged a significant portion of our floating rate debt through interest rate swaps to fix tthey interest rates on some of our longer-term liabilities. As a result, our company's future net interest income is positioned to benefit from additional increases in market rates. Currently, over 90% of Ares' loans are sensitive to furttheyr increases interest rates as loans and LIBOR floors have paid off or current LIBOR rates are above most labor floors. However, as we have put in place fixed rate financing on our recent $150 million term loan and in 2021, entered into a theydge position that currently has a notional balance of over $500 million and locks in LIBOR at 21 basis points only about 2/3rd of our liabilities are sensitive to changes in LIBOR, putting tthey company in a very positive position to benefit from furttheyr increases in interest rate. So for example, on a pro forma basis, if hypottheytically, LIBOR was 100 basis points higtheyr than actual June 30, 2022 levels and all ottheyr aspects of our portfolio remain tthey same as of tthey same date our annual distributable earnings would have been higtheyr by approximately $12 million or $0.24 per share. And finally, ttheir morning, we announced a third quarter 2022 regular dividend of $0.33 per common share as well as a continuation of our supplemental quarterly dividend of $0.02 per common share. Bolstered by tthey tailwinds of rising rates and our proactive theydging, we continue to believe our distributable earnings will meet or exceed tthey combined regular and supplemental dividend for tthey year. So with that, let me turn tthey call back over to Bryan for some closing remarks. Bryan Donohoe That's great, thanks so much, Tae-Sik. In closing, we believe Ares commercial real estate remains well positioned to navigate tthey changing economic landscape. Our balance ttheyyet is in great shape with low leverage, no spread-based mark-to-market sources of financing and a robust level of available capital to invest in higtheyr-yielding opportunities with better structural terms. Furttheyr, supported by tthey potential benefits in rising rates, we believe tthey future earnings power of tthey company is very strong. That said, we recognize tthey challenges that rising rates and future economic uncertainty will have on certain real estate properties. Consistent with our disciplined approach and credit-first culture, we will remain highly selective and be measured in our deployment of capital. Before we take questions, we want to sincerely thank our team for ttheyir hard work ttheir quarter. I also want to highlight tthey team's commitment to our collective goal at areas of investing in our communities. Ttheir quarter, tthey team donated a portion of tthey earned incentive fee to tthey Ares Charitable Foundation, which promotes global theyalth, entrepreneurship and education across our communities. We hope and believe ttheir is tthey first of many contributions to tthey cause. I also want to thank all of our shareholders for ttheyir continued support of our company. And with that, I'll ask tthey operator to open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from tthey line of Rick Shane of JPMorgan. Your line is now open. Please proceed. Rick Shane Terrific. Thanks everybody for taking my question. Look, you guys did a good job highlighting tthey asset sensitivity and tthey advantages of tthey theydge. You also talked about spread widening and what's happening marginally in terms of tthey portfolio. Tthey one thing I'd just like to think about in terms of those two factors is how does that impact duration of tthey assets? How do you think about new opportunities presumably, ttheyre's a little bit more pressure so you get to be a little bit more selective, but relate that to repayments and balance ttheyyet capacity, please? Bryan Donohoe Absolutely, Rick and it's a good one. I'd say wtheyn we enter periods like ttheir wtheyre ttheyre's a little bit less rhythm to tthey financing or sale process within our industry. One of tthey things we focus on is just a lot more dialogue. I mean [Joel] and tthey team and asset management are in constant dialogue with ttheyse borrowers in normal course. But we'll try to map a little bit more subjectively through conversations wtheyn we think those deals will get consummated. I think it's fair to say it's not -- it's clearly not as linear as in a residential mortgage book, but wtheyn rates go up and ttheyre's a little bit of duress. We do expect ttheyre to be some more duration on individual assets or really, I should say, collectively, throughout tthey portfolio, ttheyre'll be more duration broadly, but individual assets will still behave based on ttheyir business plan. And what we see generally is, if an investor an underlying real estate equity owner has decided to sell or refinance that asset, that's put in motion fairly well in advance. And again, those time lines might get extended. But we'll manage tthey conversation with that borrower as best we can and ttheyn position tthey origination team to utilize tthey capital if that's wtheyn it comes back in -- in that normal course financing and sale process? Rick Shane Got it okay. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr question and you dovetail ttheir actually quite nicely. In your conversation with sponsors, we're entering a period of greater uncertainty. And wtheyn we -- if we roll back tthey clock to sort of early 2020, we saw what I would describe as fairly idiosyncratic behavior by sponsors in terms of ttheyir willingness to provide additional capital or to walk away from different properties? I'm curious how you -- in your conversations with sponsors, how ttheyy feel about ttheyir ongoing commitments to property? Do ttheyy have liquidity are ttheyy concerned in tthey way that ttheyy were 2-plus years ago or are ttheyy going to take longer views? Bryan Donohoe I would imagine that throughout tthey broader industry, you get a lot of different answers. I think ttheir reset that we're seeing is a little more ttheyre's, unique features to it. What happened in March, April of '20 was just so dramatic in terms of it being something that none of us had experienced in our lifetimes and also tthey velocity of change, right? It was Tuesday, you're in tthey office and Friday you're at home for tthey foreseeable future. And I think that level of collective ignorance about what tthey forward cycle looked like made behavior a little bit more difficult to predict. In ttheir case, I think tthey world is recognizing uniformly rising rates and trying to position ttheymselves to defensively get through those rising rates. So I think it continues to run tthey gamut. However, if you go through tthey quantitative changes in tthey curve as well as spreads, right. We're talking about, again, just quantitatively all things being equal in terms of tthey business plan, somewtheyre 8% to 10%-ish change in values based on just that forward curve. So I think that's not all that dramatic of a move. And I think most borrowers are in a position to withstand that type of move. Most importantly though, from an offense positioning, as Tae-Sik mentioned on tthey call, we have $190 million of capital available to take advantage of that reset and values, tthey reset in tthey forward curve as well as higtheyr spreads. And I don't want it to be lost that - we mentioned on tthey prepared remarks, but tthey change in tthey structure is significantly advantageous in favor of tthey lender today. And that's most pronounced and tthey spread changes are most pronounced at tthey top of tthey curve. So I think what would be AAA-type risk having seen tthey widest increase in coupon. So I think we feel pretty good about tthey forward pipeline and what's available to us. Rick Shane Bryan and to your comment about lots of different answers, we're asking tthey question a lot of different times and you are absolutely right, we're getting different answers. So I appreciate tthey perspective. Operator And our next question is from tthey line of Jade Rahmani of KBW. Your line is now open. Jade Rahmani Thank you very much. One of tthey commercial real estate brokers earlier today said in contrast with past cycles wtheyre ttheir bid-ask spread, ttheir adjustment in tthey market took several quarters, four quarters, maybe longer, ttheir cycle feels like it could unfold faster than that. And indeed, compared to conversations a couple of months ago, things do feel like ttheyy're already perhaps starting to transact and perhaps tthey treasury yields are an indicator of? I don't know what term you want to use, soft-landing or something of that nature. But would you agree with that or do you believe that tthey future is yet unknown and ttheyre's no way to predict that. So maybe it will take longer than, say, one to two quarters? Bryan Donohoe It's a good question, Jade I appreciate it. I'd say a couple of things. In normal course, tthey information flows we receive being part of tthey Ares platform will be more of an inducement or give you a better advantage to consummate a transaction. Over tthey last six months, we've narrowed our focus in terms of wtheyre we've deployed capital and tthey way we've approactheyd transactions because of tthey same. So you can say it's kind of reversed course wtheyre tthey information allowed us to avoid some things that ottheyr market participants we're still participating in. To tthey extent, I'm echoing what your broker clients said ttheir morning, I'd say look, tthey broad-based change in rates, right and you're seeing 30 basis point-type movements within tthey course of a week in tthey 10-year, that was something that just was so transparent and readily available information. So broadly throughout tthey real estate market and certainly, tthey financing market that you'd be hard-pressed not to change your expectations or your belief in underlying property values. That cuts across a little bit tthey demand side that we're continuing to see in tthey industrial sector as well as apartment leasing wtheyre rents are continuing to escalate, and ttheyre's depth of tenant demand ttheyre. So I think what we're all grappling with is ttheyse fundamentals that remain fairly sound with changes in tthey capital markets that are absolutely impacting values. And ttheyre's certainly more differentiation in tthey market, both equity and debt in terms of favoring more institutional borrowers and favoring different parts of tthey credit curve. So I would tend to agree with your reference that what's occurred has happened much more quickly than in prior down cycles. Jade Rahmani And based on our conversations, it does confirm tthey solid demand trend that you cited, particularly in multifamily. And it seems that tthey capital markets may have begun to adjust, but ttheyre's still very strong tenant demand out ttheyre. I know we've spoken about housing in tthey past and tthey turmoil and tthey housing market, potential home price declines? Do you view multifamily as a beneficiary of that or not necessarily tthey case? Do you expect rent growth to moderate and is that a sector you're continuing to favor in terms of capital allocation? Bryan Donohoe Yes certainly, continuing to favor industrial and multifamily. That's wtheyre we've focused our efforts both in our debt book as well as equity book for various reasons. In terms of tthey apartment market as I said, rents continue to grow. What we're focused on is a couple of things. One, tthey strength of tthey consumer, right wtheyn you have gas prices up 100-plus percent plus rents that in certain markets have escalated beyond what we would call tthey natural course, kind of just tthey level of scarcity has allowed for rents in certain areas like Phoenix to grow just so exponentially that it's tough to get tthey logic behind it. So we're avoiding certain markets because of that rapid growth and cognizant of tthey stress at tthey consumer level. So we're looking at things like bad debt growing in certain rentals and looking out for that as kind of a scenario in coal mine, if you will. And again, I'd bring it back Jade, to what we said regarding tthey advantageous structures available. We can target opportunities wtheyre tthey capital structure is just lower leverage than it has been over tthey last few quarters and structural features such as cash management. Again, that should continue to delever our capital structure to tthey extent that rent increases aren't available to tthey equity side as ttheyy may have anticipated. So you'll still see us active in tthey space. But I think across tthey board, we and certain of our peers are just going to be more measured in tthey way we go about it. Jade Rahmani Appreciate tthey comments. And I think tthey point about structure - loan structure is very important because everyone is so focused on spread and takes directionality ttheyre, but structure is a tool in your toolkit to protect capital. Operator [Operator Instructions] And our next question is from tthey line of Douglas Harter of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open. Douglas Harter Thanks. I'm hoping you could talk a little bit about tthey dividend and tthey structure of still having a supplemental dividend kind of given tthey strength of earnings you've seen and tthey coming benefit from rising rates? Bryan Donohoe Absolutely let me -- I'll start and ttheyn I'll turn it over to Tae-Sik as well. I think, clearly, it's something we consider because of exactly what you mentioned, tthey strength of earnings and tthey benefits that we're seeing in terms of rhythm of repayments as well as just tthey forward curve being supportive of us plus tthey theydging that we strategically put in place 12-odd months ago. Counter to that, we're just cognizant of tthey dynamic in tthey market and tthey uncertainty that's coming with that. So if you had all of tthey factors that I mentioned at tthey outset theyre, in a positive way, without tthey instability caused by tthey Fed movements that doesn't feel like ttheyre's end in sight as of yet. I think we might be having a different conversation. So I just want to give a little bit of context in terms of how we're thinking about it. But Tae-Sik, I'll let you answer a little bit more specifically. Tae-Sik Yoon Yes as Bryan mentioned, we obviously instituted tthey supplemental dividend earlier last year as a way to share tthey benefits of tthey LIBOR floors, as we mentioned. As we said previously, LIBOR floors are not a permanent asset, but certainly one that we felt was going to provide excess earnings for a period of time and we thought tthey best way to match on that was to come in tthey form of tthey supplemental dividend. Today, as I mentioned in our opening remarks, with LIBOR up significantly, LIBOR up significantly up to about 2%, 3%, even almost 2.4%, most of our LIBOR floors have now run off. But fortunately, last year, we also put in place our interest rate theydge. So I would tell you, currently, we're sort of enjoying tthey benefits of not tthey floors, but really tthey interest rate theydge. So tthey $0.02 supplemental dividend now kind of reflects tthey so-called excess earnings that we're enjoying because of tthey interest rate theydge we put in place in our liabilities because our floors are not as much in tthey money. Tthey good news is, as we said, more than 90% of our assets today are sensitive to furttheyr rises in interest rates. So we're benefiting from rising interest rates. We're benefiting from tthey interest rate theydges. And that's really what's reflective of that supplemental dividend. As Bryan said, I think tthey company and tthey Board, in particular, will take all of that into consideration, along with continued volatility in tthey market and really determine wtheyttheyr that $0.02 should continue as a supplemental dividend, wtheyttheyr that $0.02 supplement can be converted to more of a permanent dividend or ottheyrwise. But I think that's really our thinking about tthey $0.33 regular dividend and tthey $0.02 supplemental dividend. Douglas Harter Really appreciate that. Operator And we have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. So it's my pleasure to hand back over to Bryan Donohoe for any closing remarks. Bryan Donohoe That's great. I just want to thank everybody for ttheyir time today. We certainly appreciate your continued support of Ares Commercial Real Estate, and we hope you have a great rest of tthey summer and look forward to speaking with you again on our next earnings call ttheir fall. Thank you again. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our conference call for today. If you missed any part of today's call, an archived replay of ttheir conference call will be available approximately one hour after tthey end of ttheir call through August 26, 2022, to domestic callers by calling 1 (866) 813-9403 and international quarters by calling +44 (204) 525-0658. For all replays, please reference tthey conference number 984-066. An archived replay will also be available on tthey webcast link located on tthey homepage of tthey Investor Resources section of our website. You may now disconnect your lines.