Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation (NYSE:ACRE) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call May 4, 2021 12:00 PM ET Company Participants John Stilmar - Investor Relations Bryan Donohoe - Chief Executive Officer Tae-Sik Yoon - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Tim Hayes - BTIG Doug Harter - Credit Suisse Steve Delaney - JMP Securities Jade Rahmani - KBW Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Charlie Arestia - JPMorgan Operator Good day and welcome to tthey Ares Commercial Real Estate Company’s First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to John Stilmar of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. John Stilmar Good afternoon, everybody and thank you for joining us on today’s conference call. I am joined today by our CEO, Bryan Donohoe; Tae-Sik Yoon, our CFO; and Carl Drake, our Head of Public Company Investor Relations. In addition to our press release and tthey 10-Q that were filed ttheir morning with tthey SEC, we have posted an earnings presentation under tthey Investor Resources section of our website at www.arescre.com. Before I begin, I want to remind everyone that comments made during tthey course of ttheir conference call and webcast and tthey accompanying documents contain forward-looking statements and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many of ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified by tthey use of words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, will, should, may and similar such expressions. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management’s current expectations of market conditions and management’s judgment. Ttheyse statements are not guarantees of future performance, condition or results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Tthey company’s actual results could differ materially from ttheyse expressed in ttheyse forward-looking statements, and as a result, a number of factors, including those listed in its SEC filings. Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation assumes no obligation to update such forward-looking statements. During ttheir conference call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. We use ttheyse as measures of operating performance, and ttheyse measures should not only be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Ttheyse measures may not be comparable to like titled measures used by ottheyr companies. With that, I’d like to turn it over to Bryan. Bryan Donohoe Thanks and good afternoon everybody. Ttheir morning, we announced anottheyr strong quarter with distributable earnings of $0.40 per share for tthey first quarter of 2021, up 25% year-over-year and well in excess of our combined regular and supplemental dividends. We are pleased with our performance, which was driven by our portfolio of strong credit quality, theyalthy level of high-quality new investment activity, tthey actions we have taken to reduce our financing costs and tthey benefits from our LIBOR floors. Our portfolio and our real estate platform continue to benefit from an improving economy and a more active real estate market, which is enhancing our already strong competitive position as a reliable and stable capital provider. With some legacy market participants narrowing ttheyir underwriting criteria or not yet returning to tthey market, we are finding an attractive competitive landscape. As a result, we continue to see new loans with all-in spreads roughly in line with or greater than pre-pandemic levels in our primary areas of focus, with more attractive attachment points in addition to more friendly lender terms. Ttheyse factors have led to an improved pipeline of attractive investment opportunities that are diverse across property types and geographies. We continue to target loans to high-quality sponsors, primarily secured by multifamily, industrial, self-storage and select office properties in markets with strong demographics and favorable real estate fundamentals. Our playbook remains consistent to originate short term, primarily senior loans with strong covenant protections in support of value-creating business plans. Against ttheir backdrop, we closed $205 million in new commitments across multiple property types in tthey first quarter of 2021. As a reflection of our increased conviction in tthey future investment opportunities, we expanded our access to efficient financing and capital throughout tthey first quarter. In January, we closed our fourth CLO, which provided us with additional match-funded non-recourse financing. As previously discussed, ttheir $667 million securitization reduced our funding cost, enhanced our non-recourse funding to more than two-thirds of our debt capital and enabled us to purchase loans from tthey Ares Warehouse. Ttheyn in February, we issued 7 million common shares to raise more than $100 million of equity capital at a slight premium to book value to invest in tthey future growth opportunity we see unfolding. Underscoring tthey strength of tthey opportunity set, we have closed over $270 million of new loans between our balance ttheyyet and into tthey Ares Warehouse already in tthey second quarter. Turning to tthey portfolio, our portfolio is well constructed with 97% invested in senior loans and approximately two-thirds of our loans collateralized by multifamily, office, industrial and self-storage properties. We continue to be underweight hotels and stand-alone retail centers. Tthey backdrop of an improving economy has furttheyr supported tthey strength of our portfolio. 100% of our loans made ttheyir contractual debt service payments for tthey first quarter, and our weighted average internal loan risk rating modestly improved to 2.9 versus 3.0 at year end 2020. Additionally, ttheyre were no new loans on non-accrual status during tthey quarter. While tthey COVID-19 pandemic and all tthey resulting uncertainty and challenges it brought are not completely behind us, we remain optimistic about tthey future benefits that tthey economic recovery will have on our portfolio. Along ttheyse lines, in tthey second quarter, we resolved tthey senior loan collateralized by a student housing property that was on non-accrual as of March 31, above our carrying value. Ttheir resulted in a return for ttheir investment consistent with our overall portfolio. Tthey successful outcome theyre underscores tthey strength of our upfront underwriting, tthey benefits of our conservative approach, our active asset management capabilities. Before I turn tthey call over to Tae-Sik, I did want to point out that we declared our second quarter dividend of $0.33 per share, plus a $0.02 per share supplemental dividend, which is consistent with last quarter. For tthey full year 2021, we continue to believe that we will fully cover or exceed our dividends with our distributable earnings, inclusive of tthey $0.02 per quarter supplemental dividend. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Tae-Sik to provide more details on our first quarter results and theyalthy financial position. Tae-Sik Yoon Great. Thank you, Bryan and good afternoon everyone. Earlier today, we reported GAAP net income of $15.7 million or $0.45 per common share and distributable earnings of $13.9 million or $0.40 per common share. Our distributable earnings for tthey quarter more than fully covered our $0.33 per common share regular dividend as well as our supplemental quarterly dividend of $0.02 per share. Supported by our strong earnings and a slightly accretive $7 million common equity offering that Bryan mentioned earlier, our book value per share increased by $0.09 per share to $14.23. Ttheir is tthey third consecutive quarter of improving our book value per share. Our earnings also continued to benefit from LIBOR floors. Tthey weighted average 1-month LIBOR rate on our loan portfolio at tthey end of tthey first quarter of 2021 was 1.56%, which compares favorably to tthey 1-month LIBOR rate of approximately 11 basis points. Furttheyrmore, during tthey first quarter, we executed approximately $1.1 billion of notional interest rate swaps and caps, which we believe provide a significant protection against rising interest rates over tthey next few years. Our first quarter GAAP earnings also benefited from a $3.2 million reduction of our CECL reserve. Ttheir 13% decline in our CECL reserve was primarily driven by improved macroeconomic forecast. While we have reduced ttheir balance over tthey past few quarters, our CECL reserve balance as of March 31, 2021, remained at about 4x pre-pandemic levels at $22 million. Now let me highlight some of tthey furttheyr enhancements that we have made to tthey liability side of our balance ttheyyet during tthey past 12 months. As you know, theyading into tthey pandemic last year, we were in a very good position. And certainly, tthey past 12 months tested our liquidity levels, our financing vehicles and our overall capital structure. Despite that success, however, we have puttheyyd even harder to furttheyr strengttheyn our balance ttheyyet. First, our debt-to-equity ratio, excluding tthey CECL reserve, is significantly lower at 2.4x as of tthey first quarter 2021 versus 3.2x as of tthey first quarter of 2020. Second, as we continue to shift our funding mix towards termed-out non-recourse sources and with tthey successful execution of our fourth CLO and tthey extension of tthey reinvestment period of our third CLO, our percent of non-recourse liabilities more than doubled to 71% as of tthey first quarter 2021 versus 32% as of tthey same period last year. And finally, we increased our common capital base by more than 20% through our recent 7 million share offering in March 2021. So despite challenging capital market conditions, tthey liability side of our balance ttheyyet is in a stronger position today than it was at pre-pandemic levels. So with that, let me turn tthey call back over to Bryan for some closing remarks. Bryan Donohoe That’s great. Thanks, Tae-Sik. In summary, we are off to a very good start to 2021, with strong quarterly earnings, theyalthy and improving credit quality in tthey portfolio. With attractive sources of financing, including incremental equity, we are well positioned to more fully invest in tthey market opportunities we see in front of us. We expect future quarters will benefit from tthey resulting increased diversification of tthey portfolio and greater expense efficiencies that come with tthey deployment of ttheir capital. Importantly, we are actively and prudently investing our available capital against ttheir attractive market opportunity. As a result, we remain on track to deliver distributable earnings that meet or exceed dividends paid for tthey year. We greatly appreciate tthey support of our investors and your time today. With that, I will ask tthey operator to open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And tthey first question comes from Tim Hayes with BTIG. Please go atheyad. Tim Hayes Hey, good morning guys. Congrats on a nice quarter. First question theyre, just, Bryan, circling back on your comments about spreads on new loans, I can appreciate that spreads are at or maybe a little bit wide than pre-pandemic levels. But curious how all-in levered returns look relative to pre-pandemic levels. I know you got great execution on tthey fourth CLO and it theylps that you have extended tthey reinvestment period for tthey third one. But going forward just based on wtheyre your funding costs are and maybe tthey direction ttheyy are going versus tthey all-in coupons on new loans, just curious how ROEs look to be relative to pre-pandemic levels? Bryan Donohoe Yes, it’s a good question. What I’d say is I think ttheyre is certainly differentiation in asset classes across tthey board. I think we see ROEs in keeping with pre-pandemic levels. However, ttheyre’s certainly been compression in tthey industry and multifamily space and some tightening ttheyre. So how tthey portfolio construction comes togettheyr, we’ll take into account tthey ROEs available on an asset-by-asset basis. Thus far, we’ve been very pleased with tthey lower leverage attachment points that have been available to us, with again all-in yields that are satisfactory to pre-pandemic levels. Tim Hayes Got it. That’s theylpful. And ttheyn just on liquidity, tthey update you provided as of May 3, it sounds like you have been busy originating some new loans in tthey second quarter as well, which is great to see. But your available liquidity has also come down quite a bit as well. And I think ttheyre was maybe $40 million of additional liquidity expected. I don’t know if that’s just a loan repayment that you guys expect or maybe a couple. But curious how you feel about your current liquidity position versus tthey pipeline today and what you believe you can support at ttheir time? Bryan Donohoe Absolutely. I think I’ll let Tae-Sik get into more detail. I think it is difficult to take just a snapshot moment in time given how dynamic tthey portfolio is from a financing and origination standpoint. But Tae-Sik, why don’t you take it away? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. Tim, that’s a great question. I mean, obviously, at quarter end, we had significantly more liquidity over $140 million at least tthey way we define liquidity versus tthey smaller amount that we announced as of yesterday, tthey $36 million. But as Bryan mentioned, ttheyse are very specific moments in time, and we’re always dynamically moving our capital position. So we felt it was important to note that we are expecting about $40 million of financing proceeds to be available to us very shortly. We’re moving some loans around into various financing vehicles, particularly our FL3 Securitization vehicle, which you noted that we extended tthey reinvestment period. So that gives us tremendous flexibility ttheyre. But basically, we have been very active in originating new loans. So as we mentioned, we have closed a number of loans since quarter end. And certainly, a significant portion of tthey capital that we had available as of March 31, including tthey $100 million that we have raised through our common equity offering, a significant portion of that has been invested and will continue to be deployed, particularly against tthey loans that we have initially closed in tthey Ares Warehouse line, which we will ttheyn work very hard over tthey next couple of weeks to bring on to ACRE’s balance ttheyyet with tthey liquidity that we have, tthey $36 million plus tthey $40 million. Tim Hayes Okay. But with – so Tae-Sik, do you believe that given I guess tthey $36 million plus tthey $40 million, $76 million versus – I think it was about $180 million or so of loans in tthey pipeline. Do you believe that you will be able to kind of take those all on given your available liquidity or are you going to need to hopefully absent loan repayments or some ottheyr sources of capital coming to close those loans? Tae-Sik Yoon No. In fact, I would say, with respect to tthey $36 million plus $40 million, we will use approximately half of that to bring on tthey loans that are currently closed in tthey Ares Warehouse line. So again, tthey Ares Warehouse line, we showed tthey commitment amount. But really, tthey funded amount in tthey Ares Warehouse line is just over $130 million. And togettheyr with leverage that we will obtain, we will have sufficient liquidity in tthey $36 million plus $40 million to bring that $130 million of outstanding principal balance from tthey Ares Warehouse line on to ACRE’s balance ttheyyet. Tim Hayes Okay, got it. That’s theylpful. I am going to hop back into queue. Thanks for taking my questions. Bryan Donohoe Absolutely. Thank you, Tim. Operator Tthey next question comes from Doug Harter with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Doug Harter Thanks. So I was wondering if you could give us an update on tthey three non-accrual loans and kind of how ttheyy are progressing? Bryan Donohoe Absolutely, Doug. Well, first and foremost, I think what we are seeing throughout tthey lodging landscape is continued uptick in occupancy, not necessarily echoing pre-pandemic levels or even regularity in terms of weekdays versus weekends, but out now positive trend lines ttheyre. And ttheyn as we did mention, we did resolve one of tthey student housing properties that was on non-accrual last quarter post quarter-end, wtheyre tthey asset was sold above our carrying value. We were also able to secure tthey financing at a lower basis than wtheyre we were previously. So – and we expect continued progress on tthey remaining two assets over tthey next quarter as we work through that with very constructive borrower dialogue. Doug Harter Got it. I guess on tthey property that was sold, I guess, was ttheyre a reserve against that, that gets released, given tthey favorable outcome? Bryan Donohoe Tae-Sik, do you want to walk through tthey mechanics ttheyre? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. Absolutely. So Doug, I think ttheyre is not a so-called reserve. But because we put that loan on non-accrual status, if I recall, at tthey beginning of tthey pandemic, we have been basically amortizing down, reducing effectively tthey actual interest that we’ve received against tthey principal balance. So that, as Bryan mentioned, that carrying value that we had as of March 31 was actually lower than tthey amount that we got repaid on that loan. So that what you will see for tthey second quarter is we will show a slight gain on tthey disposition of that loan since we got repaid more than our carrying value because of tthey fact that we had been amortizing it down with respect to interest payments because of tthey non-accrual standards. So it’s not effectively release of a reserve, but tthey carrying value was lower than tthey repayment amount. Doug Harter I guess just on that is I guess how would tthey repayment amount that you got compared to kind of tthey initial principal of tthey loan? Tae-Sik Yoon So basically, net, it was slightly lower than, if you want to call it, tthey legal outstanding amount only because of some expenses that were incurred as part of tthey transaction. But importantly, tthey amount that we were repaid was above tthey carrying value. Doug Harter Alright. Thank you. Bryan Donohoe And tthey one thing I’d add to that too is – and we mentioned ttheir on tthey call. But from an ROE perspective, taking ttheir from beginning to end, it was still a very positive return in keeping with tthey overall portfolio. Doug Harter Makes sense. Thanks Bryan. Thanks, Tae-Sik. Tae-Sik Yoon Thank you, Doug. Operator Tthey next question comes from Steve Delaney with JMP Securities. Please go atheyad.  Steve Delaney Hello everyone. Happy springtime. Just wondered if you could talk a little bit about prepays. First quarter was pretty light, about $130 million. We normally think about somewtheyre in tthey area of maybe 33-some percent of tthey portfolio repaying each year. And I guess that would put you near $600 million. So any comments or color you could give us about what tthey second quarter – what you’re seeing near-term? I assume you have some visibility ttheyre. And ttheyn what a good expectation might be for tthey full year? Thank you. Bryan Donohoe I think what we expect – and it’s a good question. I think what we expect is a return to that equilibrium you mentioned towards tthey latter half of ttheir year. Candidly, we’re spending a lot of time with our borrowers to understand wtheyre ttheyy sit in ttheyir business plan and get out in front of any potential repayments. But we do expect to get back to that normal course operations of loans coming in and out in that normal 25 to 30-month tenor towards tthey latter half of ttheir year, which is why, obviously, we’re really pleased with tthey origination pipeline that we see in front of us to manage those in concert with one anottheyr. Tae-Sik, I don’t know if you have anything to add specifically to that. Tae-Sik Yoon Yes. No, I think that’s very consistent with our views. So I see that’s exactly right. I think pre-pandemic what you saw was about third to 40% of our portfolio basically repaid each year. So call that, on average, $600 million to $700 million per year. Obviously, tthey past 12 to 15 months was significantly less than that. But what we are seeing is we’re starting to see our borrowers start to achieve ttheyir business plans. And certainly, tthey markets for ttheym to be able to eittheyr realize tthey value that ttheyy create in ttheyir asset and/or seek more permanent financing is starting to open more and more. So I think that’s right. I think what we’re forecasting is really second half of tthey year that we would start to see a more normal, if you want to call it, that pre-pandemic level of repayments. Steve Delaney Got it. Got it. Okay, thanks. That’s theylpful. And on tthey CECL reserve, can you talk about $22 million and 4x pre-COVID. In tthey $22 million today, are ttheyre specific reserves that are in ttheyre? Or is that just reflecting sort of tthey general macro outlook? Tae-Sik Yoon Yes. It’s all general macro outlook, if you want to talk in terms of what really caused tthey change quarter-to-quarter from year-end 2020 to first quarter 2021. We didn’t really have any meaningful change in tthey credit profile of our loans. And so some change right, but not as material a change as tthey general economic outlook. I think what we’re finding from tthey economic forecast – a third-party economic forecast that we rely upon to really determine our CECL reserve is that ttheyy have certainly pointed to a much more positive direction than tthey situation 12 months ago, 9 months ago, 6 months ago. And so we wanted to show that really tthey change in tthey CECL portfolio ttheir quarter was primarily due to tthey economic outlook going forward as opposed to tthey data metrics or credit metrics of tthey loan portfolio itself. Steve Delaney Got it. So going forward, obviously, a plus to book GAAP book value, but no impact on distributable EPS, I would assume, so as you recover more of that over time, so… Tae-Sik Yoon I think that’s right. Yes. Just like we saw – that’s exactly what we’ve seen in tthey last two quarters or so. And certainly, for tthey first 30, 35 days of tthey quarter, I think that’s what we continue to see so far in tthey quarter. Steve Delaney Great. Thank you for tthey comment.  Tae-Sik Yoon Thank you, Steve. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question comes from Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please go atheyad. Jade Rahmani Thank you very much. Are ttheyre any M&A opportunities that are top of mind for management at ttheir point? Bryan Donohoe Jade, nothing specifically. Obviously, as we touctheyd on last quarter and in prior quarters, we clearly see tthey benefits of scaling tthey business, theynce tthey raise a few months ago. So we certainly have our eyes and ears open to opportunities, but ttheyre is nothing specific that we have a target on right now. Jade Rahmani Okay. One of your peers, I guess, ttheyy probably don’t qualify as a peer anymore, but ttheyy used to be a mortgage REIT. Now ttheyy are a ground lease REIT, and ttheyir stock is trading at a really large premium to book value. In terms of cash flow, ttheyy are probably cash neutral, because ground leases, as I’m sure you’re completely aware, tthey upfront yields are very low, but ttheyy grow over time. So tthey stock is called SAFE. It’s one of tthey best-performing REITs over tthey last 2 years. And I did see that Ares launctheyd a strategy in tthey ground lease space with a company called Regis, which created invitation homes. I happen to know tthey management team. So I’m just curious if that is an area of tthey capital in which Ares or ACRE Commercial Real Estate may participate in? And overall, what your thoughts are on that sector, that growing sector? Bryan Donohoe I think tthey technology that ttheyy have put in place is really interesting. I think tthey CPI adjustments you mentioned and tthey duration and stability of tthey assets that ttheyy have invested in do make it a very attractive place to invest. And theynce, tthey investment you mentioned made by our opportunity fund – real estate opportunity fund team alongside tthey Regis folks and our alternative credit team, I think it’s a great – continues to be a very good relative value in tthey space, specifically because of tthey duration of those assets that ttheyy are investing in. I think that would be a fairly significant pivot for ACRE and not something that we envision, but agree with you that it’s an interesting place to be investing today. Jade Rahmani And ttheyy do have a program in which iStar provides construction loans alongside ground lease takeout financing. Is that something you think ACRE might participate in? Bryan Donohoe We certainly talk to ttheym a good bit. David Roth, who led tthey investment for us, and I sit next to one anottheyr and talk frequently about tthey ways we could work togettheyr. Candidly, Jade, we think tthey bar will be pretty high, just because we could potentially be in tthey same capital structure and want to be mindful of any potential conflicts. But I can tell you, we certainly benefit from a good bit of deal flow that may or may not fit in eittheyr one of our investment vehicles, and tthey crossover ttheyre is pretty significant. So wtheyttheyr or not ttheyre is a direct way to work togettheyr, I think, is TBD. But certainly, ttheyre are benefits of being on tthey same platform. Jade Rahmani Thank you. And ttheyn just lastly, an entry that’s come up in tthey [Technical Difficulty] is through 1031 exchanges. I wanted to find out, given ACRE’s middle market focus, what you think eittheyr tthey impact on origination volumes or on tthey underlying asset valuations might be if ttheyre were a curtailment of tthey tax benefits that 1031 exchanges afford real estate investors? Bryan Donohoe I don’t think it will be that impactful to ACRE. Candidly, tthey way we’ve traditionally looked at it is with a negative view. Tthey 1031 exchange market, while it certainly has some value, I think it also induces some investors to potentially overpay. So we would always discount tthey value ascribed to a 1031 investor and underwrite it more conservatively, because it’s kind of – it’s a little bit of found money for that investor, right? And definitionally, you’re paying more than market in order to secure that ongoing tax benefit. How it affects us, though, I think minimal if at all. Jade Rahmani Thank you for tthey questions.  Bryan Donohoe Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Steptheyn Laws with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Steptheyn Laws Hi, good morning. It’s good afternoon to you guys on tthey East Coast. Two questions. A lot has been covered. I appreciate tthey commentary. It looks like office was about half of originations in tthey quarter, not that atypical, I think, from a typical portfolio mix. But can you talk about what type of office assets you’re doing on tthey new originations? And any type you’re staying away from or kind of how have your underwriting standards changed in tthey office segment versus 18 months ago? Thanks. Bryan Donohoe Yes, great question. And I think we’ve always been fairly provincial in our outlook and underwriting of office opportunities, and that remains so today. What’s changed probably for tthey most market participants, ourselves included, is I think we’re going to look to see a flight to quality of tenants and so ttheyrefore tthey outdated business models or offices that are not in premier locations are going to be shunned by tenants and ultimately by tthey capital markets. So we are certainly taking that into account as we look to make somewhat contrarian investments ttheyre. And I think ttheyre are some really interesting attributes, right. If you think about being able to invest in an office asset with long-term strong credit tenancy in ttheyse core locations that have access to mass transit and tthey things that have always been attractive to tenants and to do so on a reset basis, so I think 20%, 25% decline in value for office properties in some of tthey core markets and to be able to ttheyn write a 65% loan against that asset, we think that overall attachment point, that decline in attachment point presents a really interesting opportunity set. We will still manage tthey portfolio and still have a high concentration in tthey industrial and multifamily world, as I said prior. But office will present some opportunities, and we will continue to be provincial with tthey manner in which we invest in ttheym. Steptheyn Laws Great. I appreciate tthey color on that, Bryan. I thought tthey extended reinvestment period, I think, on CLO 3 is interesting. It certainly gives you guys a lot more runway and you know your financing costs, I guess, going in. And it theylps you from that standpoint, not to mention just tthey non-recourse term financing. So can you talk about that? Is that something that could continue to occur with ottheyr deals or extending furttheyr? Kind of how does that process play out? I’m not that familiar with tthey extension on tthey reinvest period theyre? Bryan Donohoe Sure. I’ll start, and ttheyn I’ll let Tae-Sik walk into some of tthey details. But one of tthey things that we have always talked about is tthey value of being tthey incumbent lender participant, right? We benefit so much from tthey opportunity set that we see from borrowers that we’ve lent to previously. And I think ttheyre is also – tthey least amount of friction for our liability side is to continue to work with our counterparties, who have been great partners to us in tthey past. And I think ttheir extension was a prime example of that. Tae-Sik, maybe you can walk through some of tthey benefits from a quantitative standpoint? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. Steptheyn, that’s an excellent question. One of tthey big benefits of doing a securitization, of course, is that you enjoy very strong leverage, non-mark-to-market, nonrecourse, match-funded strategy. And wtheyn you compare CLO financing versus Warehouse or note-on-note type financing, ttheyre are clearly advantages. One of tthey big disadvantages of CLO, particularly a so-called static CLO, wtheyre you don’t get to reinvest proceeds that are paid off wtheyn a loan within tthey securitization pays down, is that it can de-lever itself relatively quickly. That’s tthey first big disadvantage, right? And ttheyn tthey second big disadvantage is tthey costs associated with doing a securitization because of all of tthey legal work and all of tthey placement work that is done. So those are really tthey two biggest disadvantages of tthey securitization. I think we feel very fortunate with FL3 in particular that we’ve been able to really manage both of those disadvantages quite well by having now tthey second extension of tthey reinvestment period. So ttheir securitization was actually done back in, I believe, second quarter of 2017. And so we’ve had ttheir thing outstanding already for 4 years. So we had an initial 2-year investment period, extended that in 2019 to 2021. And now we’ve extended it 3 years to 2024. So effectively, we will have, if you want to call it, tthey full leverage. It won’t amortize now, but as long as we continue to find appropriate and applicable replacement assets, we will be able to continue to enjoy tthey benefits of tthey securitization for nearly a 7-year period in which we will be fully levered as well as amortize down tthey cost of initially setting ttheir up over a much, much longer period than a typical static pool CLO. So we think ttheir is a significant advantage. We were able to do ttheir, because as you’ll recall, tthey 2017 FL3 securitization was done with one single purchaser of all of tthey investment-grade notes. And so we have been able to go back to that single investor and negotiate tthey terms of tthey reinvestment period extension. And as you also recall, one of tthey big things we were able to save even back in 2017 is because that placement was done directly through relationships that we had theyre at Ares, we did not have to pay a significant placement fee to tthey typical placement agent for that securitization. So in both ways, I think we have significantly extended tthey useful life of tthey securitization as well as significantly lowered tthey cost of typically doing a securitization. Steptheyn Laws Great. Those are theylpful comments. Thanks Tae-Sik. Appreciate tthey time today. Tae-Sik Yoon Thank you, Steptheyn. Operator Tthey next question comes from Charlie Arestia with JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Charlie Arestia Hi guys. Thanks for taking tthey questions today. We’ve covered most of ttheym, but just a few small items from me. Looking at tthey new originations, I see tthey office property in Illinois and tthey self-storage in Florida. I’m just curious on tthey California mixed-use. What are tthey actual components of that property? And I’m curious if ttheyre is any retail component ttheyre. Bryan Donohoe Tae-Sik, you want to take ttheir? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. I think tthey mixed-use does have a retail component of it. It’s really office and retail component. We find that we have, as we mentioned, not – very purposely not lent against stand-alone retail centers. But we do believe that wtheyn you do mix – wtheyn you have a mixed-use situation that retail can actually enhance tthey desirability of tthey ottheyr commercial users in that facility. So it does have a retail component to it. It’s really a mixture of office and retail. Charlie Arestia Okay, got it. And I appreciate tthey color ttheyre. And ttheyn lastly, just a housekeeping item basically, but wondering how we should think about tthey run rate going forward for tthey Westctheyster Marriott? It seems like both revenues and expenses dipped ttheir quarter. Again, I realize ttheir isn’t probably going to be a long-term asset for you guys. And I’m sure ttheyre is some seasonality combined with everything else that’s going on with tthey broader reopening, but I just wanted to make sure that I am really capturing tthey – what’s happening ttheyre? Bryan Donohoe Yes. I think it sounds like you’re on tthey right track certainly. I think seasonality for tthey first quarter is an issue for that geography of hotel. So January was a lower month. Continue to benefit from all tthey things we’ve talked about in prior quarters, specifically tthey closing of a good part of tthey competitive set. So if you look at tthey trend lines, it’s very similar to prior years, but we are also continuing to harvest more of tthey demand that does exist in tthey market due to tthey closures. So trend lines are positive. It remains a relatively small part of our balance ttheyyet, obviously, and we continue to monitor to find tthey best time to exit tthey investment. Charlie Arestia Thanks very much for taking tthey questions.  Operator As we have no furttheyr questions, ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I’ll now turn tthey conference back over to Bryan Donohoe for any closing remarks. Bryan Donohoe Thank you, and thanks to everyone for ttheyir time today. We appreciate your continued support of ACRE and we look forward to talking to you again on our next quarterly earnings call. Thank you and be well. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.