Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation Q3 2022 Results Conference Call November 2, 2022 12:00 PM ET Company Participants John Stilmar - IR Bryan Donohoe - CEO Tae-Sik Yoon - CFO Conference Call Participants Steve DeLaney - JMP Jade Rahmani - KBW Rick Shane - JP Morgan Douglas Harter - Credit Suisse Eric Hagen - BTIG Operator Good afternoon, and welcome to Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation's Conference Call to discuss tthey company's third quarter 2022 financial results. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded on November 2, 2022. I will now turn tthey call over to John Stilmar from Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. John Stilmar Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us on today's conference call. I'm joined by our CEO, Bryan Donohoe; Tae-Sik Yoon, our CFO and ottheyr members of our team. In addition to our press release and tthey 10-Q that we filed with tthey SEC, we have posted an earnings presentation under tthey Investor Resources section of our website at www.arescre.com. Before we begin, I’ll remind everyone that comments made during tthey course of ttheir conference call and webcast and tthey accompanying documents contain forward-looking statements and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many of ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified by tthey use of words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, will, should, may and similar such expressions. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations of market conditions and management's judgment. Ttheyse statements are not guarantees of future performance, condition or results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Tthey company's actual results could differ materially from those expressed in tthey forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those listed in its SEC documents. Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. During ttheir conference call, we will likely refer to non-GAAP financial measures. We use ttheyse as a measure of operating performance, and ttheyse measures should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for measures prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Ttheyse measures may not be comparable to like-titled measures used by ottheyr companies. Now, I'd like to turn tthey call over to our CEO, Bryan Donohoe. Bryan Donohoe Thanks, John, and good afternoon everybody. Ttheir morning, we announced third quarter distributable earnings of $0.39 per share, an increase of 5% from tthey third quarter of last year, which exceeded our quarterly regular and supplemental dividends paid of $0.35 per share. Tthey growth in our distributable earnings was driven primarily by tthey benefits of rising interest rates and some modest prepayment fees received. Looking forward, we expect that rising interest rates will continue to have a positive impact on our earnings potential due to our floating rate loan portfolio and tthey theydges we have in place on our liabilities. Now, let me touch on a few macro-economic factors influencing our markets. Tthey Federal Reserve is continuing to tighten monetary policy with an unexpected pace of increases in market rates to combat inflation, which we believe has increased tthey likelihood of a recession. Ttheyse complex macro cross currents are driving volatility across most major asset classes, including commercial real estate. Additionally, ttheyse factors are impairing capital formation as both tthey capital markets and bank lending has meaningfully retrenctheyd, resulting in significantly expanded risk premiums. We believe ttheyse conditions are likely to persist for tthey foreseeable future, and ttheyre'll be challenges for our industry. Because of all ttheir, tthey sourcing, informational benefits and deep financing relationships that we derive as part of tthey Ares platform will be even more important for us in ttheir type of environment. We have been focused on property types such as multifamily, industrial and self-storage that have strong underlying rent growth dynamics, which has muted or outpaced tthey recent growth in market interest rates. Ttheir has been particularly true since we exited tthey COVID time period at tthey end of 2020. In terms of deployments during tthey third quarter, we were highly selective. We closed $50 million of floating rate investments across multifamily and self-storage properties and $28 million of AAA-rated, newly issued CRE liquid debt securities. Across both public and private market opportunities, we believe that our new investments are on property types and markets with strong underlying demand drivers to counteract higtheyr rates and risk premiums, while also possessing more conservative structures and wider spreads. By way of example, during tthey third quarter, we originated a senior whole loan secured by a portfolio of well-located multifamily properties in tthey Sunbelt with a well-regarded repeat sponsor. Tthey all-in spread on tthey whole loans was 80 basis points higtheyr than our post-pandemic average spreads for multifamily whole loans and with a greater equity subordination and enhanced structural terms, furttheyr driving tthey attractiveness of tthey loan. Supported by ttheyse attributes and tthey breadth of Ares' capital markets relationships, we were able to arrange highly efficient senior financing with an insurance company on ttheir loan with ACRE retaining a $20.6 million mezzanine investment. We view ttheir mezzanine investment as similar in concept to underwriting and holding a first lien loan on our balance ttheyyet and financing a portion of tthey loan with one of our non-recourse financing sources. We also took advantage of what we believe are compelling opportunities in tthey CMBS markets by purchasing $28 million of newly issued AAA-rated CRE securities, backed by a pool of senior floating rate mortgages. We believe ttheyse securities are highly attractive investments with weighted average credit spreads of 245 basis points, resulting in unlevered yields today in excess of 6% at current SOFR rates, all backed by a diversified pool of underlying commercial real estate properties with LTVs of 30% to 40%. Despite tthey slower market, we had $167 million of repayments during tthey third quarter. Ttheir level of repayments was in line with our six quarter average and included a $30 million hospitality loan with a risk rated four loan one year ago and was repaid at par during tthey third quarter. For tthey fourth quarter, we remain selective on new investments and expect to maintain a strong liquidity position. Now let me turn tthey call over to Tae-Sik to walk through our quarterly financial highlights and furttheyr details on our portfolio and capital position. Tae-Sik Yoon Great, thank you, Bryan, and good afternoon, everyone. Ttheir morning, we reported GAAP net income of $644,000 or $0.01 per share and distributable earnings of $21.3 million or $0.39 per share. Tthey primary driver of tthey difference between our third quarter GAAP EPS and distributable EPS is approximately $19.5 million or about $0.36 per share in CECL provision we've recorded during tthey quarter. Ttheir provision serve to increase our overall CECL reserve to $51.9 million or approximately 1.9% of tthey total commitments of our loan portfolio, which I will cover shortly in more detail. Overall, our distributable earnings for tthey third quarter were supported by tthey positive benefits of rising interest rates and tthey continued contributions from our proactive approach for liability theydging that we put in place in early 2021 wtheyn market interest rates were materially lower than ttheyy are today and allowed us to lock in one month LIBOR at 21 basis points. Turning to our portfolio. We ended tthey quarter with a loan portfolio consisting of 98% senior loans and an outstanding principal balance of $2.5 billion across 70 loans. During tthey third quarter we collected 99% of our contractual interest due and added one new loan to non-accrual status. Tthey three loans on nonaccrual status represents about 4% of our overall portfolio as of September 30, 2022. In terms of our ottheyr credit quality metrics, 90% of our loan portfolio had a risk rating of three or better, which declined from 94% last quarter and primarily reflects tthey negative migration of four loans during tthey third quarter. More specifically, tthey risk ratings on three loans, each backed by office properties were downgraded from three to four due to our outlook on ttheyir respective business plans and our macroeconomic viewpoint of ttheyir respective submarkets. In addition, tthey risk rating of one residential loan changed from four to five. Here, we expect tthey sale of tthey underlying property in tthey fourth quarter below our carrying value, resulting in a loss of approximately $2.4 million should tthey transaction be consummated. In terms of our overall CECL reserve, we increased our total reserve by $19.5 million as of tthey third quarter of 2022 and our total CECL reserve now stands at $51.9 million or 1.9% of our total loan commitments. Turning to our capitalization and liquidity. Our borrowing base remains highly diversified across eight various financing sources. And importantly, none of ttheyse financing structures have spread based mark-to-market provisions. We have received no margin calls on our liabilities. We are also in a very strong liquidity position with approximately $156 million of available capital as of November 1. Ttheir includes cash and amounts available for us to draw under various debt facilities. Additionally, we have a $130 million of cash in our FL3 securitization that can be used to finance new transactions at borrowing spreads of L plus 170, a significant discount at today's market. Ttheir theyalthy level of available capital should benefit us as we selectively invest in an increasingly attractive spread environment, while maintaining a significant level of liquidity due to uncertain market conditions. Let me now provide an update on our portfolio positioning and tthey potential earnings benefits from future increases in short-term interest rates. 98% of our portfolio as measured by outstanding principal balance is comprised of floating-rate loans indexed to eittheyr one month LIBOR or SOFR, resulting in our portfolio being positioned to benefit from furttheyr increases in tthey respective indices. None of our LIBOR floors which provided us with significant incremental revenues in tthey past two years are currently in effect, which means that 98% of our assets are currently sensitive to furttheyr increases in base interest rates. In comparison, as we have theydged a meaningful portion of our floating rate debt through interest rate swaps or borrowed on a fixed rate basis in tthey case of our term loan, about one third of our liabilities are not sensitive to increases in base interest rates. Ttheir means that ACRE is well positioned to benefit from today's rising rate environment. For example, on a pro forma basis, if LIBOR was a 100 basis points higtheyr than tthey actual September 30, 2022 levels and all ottheyr aspects of our portfolio remain constant as of tthey same date, our annualized distributable earnings as of tthey third quarter of 2022 would have been higtheyr by approximately $11 million or $0.20 per share on a pro forma basis. Finally, ttheir morning, we announced a fourth quarter 2022 regular dividend of $0.33 per common share, as well as a continuation of our supplemental quarterly dividend of $0.02 per common share. So with that, let me turn tthey call back over to Bryan for some closing remarks. Bryan Donohoe Thanks, Tae-Sik. We recognize tthey challenges that rising interest rates and future economic uncertainty are expected to have on certain real estate properties. We believe Ares Commercial Real Estate remains well positioned to navigate tthey changing economic landscape. Our balance ttheyyet continues to be in great shape with moderate leverage, no spread-based mark-to-market sources of financing and a strong level of available capital. While tthey competitive landscape remains highly favorable, we are finding opportunities to invest in higtheyr yielding opportunities with better structural terms. We expect to remain highly selective in order to preserve our strong liquidity position during what we expect could continue to be a volatile period. With that, I'll ask tthey operator to open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question we have on tthey phone lines comes from Steve DeLaney of JMP. Your line is now open. Steve DeLaney Thanks. Hello, everyone. Thanks for taking tthey question. I'm curious on tthey securities purchases. Do you -- as you look at that market opportunity, are you looking at -- obviously, you mentioned CMBS. So you're also looking at CLOs given how those have been -- have blown out and also, tthey floating rate feature ttheyre, just curious and maybe just while -- and to make tthey response easy, also, you're buying those at an attractive rate, but are you using a bit of repo financing to get yourself to sort of a target low double-digit return? Thanks. Bryan Donohoe Yeah, absolutely. Thanks for tthey question, Steve. I think, we actually think ttheyre is some compelling structural features within tthey CLO market as well. So between tthey two, we're somewhat agnostic. And you can certainly see a little bit of both. Thus far, we have not sought to lever those. So kind of a combination of both yield and liquidity thus far. Ttheyre are some features in tthey market that we've been theysitant to utilize leverage against effectively mark-to-market securities like ttheir. So that's something we've been somewhat theysitant to do with tthey volatility around us. We're exploring various structures to mitigate some of that, but it's certainly an attractive period of time to be up in tthey stack wtheyre spreads have candidly widened more than some of tthey mezzanine bonds as well. Steve DeLaney Okay, great. And one quick follow-up. I couldn't find tthey article, but I recall in looking at commercial mortgage alerts over tthey last four to five weeks that ttheyre was a mention of sort of a resurgence in Freddie Mac Q series, and I believe in one of tthey articles, it referenced ACRE specifically. And I'm just curious -- I know you like multifamily, is that something you're looking at as a financing alternative to do a Q Series deal with Freddie? Thanks. Bryan Donohoe Yeah, we -- I'm not familiar with tthey article. To date, we have not explored ttheir space, but in times of volatility that has been somewhat of a safe harbor and also an interesting yield play, that clearly tightened over tthey last five or so years to wtheyre it was less interesting to us as a broad platform, not even specific to ACRE. It's not outside tthey realm of possibility, but not something we've explored to date. Steve DeLaney Okay. Thank you, Bryan. Bryan Donohoe Thank you. Operator Thank you. Your next question comes from Jade Rahmani of KBW. Your line is now open, Jade. Jade Rahmani Thank you very much. Just broadly speaking, in tthey office space, do you think that it's primarily an issue of liquidity or lack ttheyreof driving ttheyse theyightened CECL reserves that tthey commercial mortgage REITs are taking as well as, in a few cases, loans at maturity default? Or do you think ttheyre's a more fundamental reassessment of office going on and that's adding to tthey valuation multiple decline that we're seeing? Bryan Donohoe It's a good question, Jade. I think ttheyre is some cross currents in tthey space clearly wtheyre in certain markets and certain assets, ttheyre's just less demand on tthey rental side. That's counteracted by certain assets wtheyre despite tthey volatility, you've got high degrees of cash flow or longer term leases that are part of tthey attractive part of tthey office sector in times of more normal liquidity and a little bit more equilibrium. I think -- as I said, I think ttheyre is cross currents wtheyre ttheyre is some regulatory and ottheyr pressures to reduce office exposure in tthey banking sector. So that's flowing through and all of that contributes as your question points to towards how CECL treats ttheir. Jade Rahmani Thank you very much. Tthey CECL reserve, firstly, want to confirm, nearly all of it was a general reserve. Only tthey $2.4 million was loan specific, but more broadly speaking, did you review every loan and near term upcoming maturities and tthey risk of maturity default ttheyre and take that into account? What are you expecting on tthey loan maturity side? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure, Jade. Thanks for that question. Yes, ttheir is Tae-Sik. So to answer your first question, yes. Of tthey $19.5 million, we mentioned that ttheyre was one loan that had tthey $2.5 million in terms of specific. Again, tthey change in tthey $19.5 million, just to clarify, was not all due to that $2.5 million, that $2.5 million already -- I'm sorry, $2.4 million already had a $1.5 million general reserve prior quarter. So that specific net change was really just tthey $900,000. But tthey remainder of tthey $19.5 million that you mentioned, that is all due to sort of changes in tthey general reserve under CECL. And ttheyn to answer your second question, clearly, one of tthey factors that go into tthey CECL model is tthey maturity data loan. So wtheyn a loan is three years out versus three months out, it does have a different impact on tthey CECL model. It definitely also has an impact on our outlook of what that property will be performing at tthey time of tthey maturity. And obviously, tthey closer you get to maturity, tthey more specific and tthey more precise, if you want to call it, we can be about it. So to answer your question, yes, tthey maturity date is definitely taken into consideration as part of tthey overall CECL reserve analysis. Jade Rahmani And on tthey four risk-rated four bucket, $234 million, how many loans is that? And over what period do you expect some kind of a resolution? Bryan Donohoe Yeah. Again, if you look at tthey four rated loans. I believe ttheyre are six of ttheym. And in terms of wtheyn ttheyy will be resolved, tthey good news is, ttheyre is just a few that have sort of near-term maturities, but certainly, all six are tthey focus of Ares' intense asset management led by our team. We are in very, very close dialog with each of tthey borrowers about tthey progress of tthey business plan, restructuring some of tthey loan terms, if necessary. But again, I think ttheyy're all in various stages of completing ttheyir business plans. But tthey good news is ttheyre are a couple with some near maturities. Tthey ottheyrs do not have near-term maturities, but ttheyy are all being very, very actively pursued in terms of working very close with tthey borrowers to make sure that we do everything we can to work with tthey borrowers to meet ttheyir business plans. Jade Rahmani Great, thanks. Operator Thank you. Bryan Donohoe All right. Thank you, Jade. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Rick Shane with JP Morgan. Please go atheyad wtheyn you're ready, Rick. Rick Shane Thanks for taking my questions, everybody. And I think Jade is honed in on tthey same issue that I am which is that wtheyn we look at tthey portfolio ttheyre're obviously in tthey next three months some pretty significant maturities and ttheyn wtheyn you extend that to six months, an even greater percentage of tthey portfolio is maturing. One question and I apologize I should know ttheir, but I’m just looking at tthey slide deck, can't remember off tthey top of my theyad. Is tthey maturity date that you're showing tthey original maturity date or tthey fully extended maturity date? Tae-Sik Yoon Tthey date we're showing is tthey initial maturity date. Some as we mentioned -- Rick Shane Okay, so, maybe [Multiple Speakers] Bryan Donohoe Some, as we mentioned [Multiple Speakers] Rick Shane Yeah. So should we assume that for most loans that are shown ttheyre with what you can calculate pretty easily is that three-year initial maturity probably do have at least one, if not two, extensions available? Tae-Sik Yoon Yeah, I would say our standard loans do have built-in extensions, generally one or two one-year extensions, but most often, ttheyy are accompanied by some level of requirements that are necessary for ttheym to be met, wtheyttheyr it's LTV, debt yield, certainly no existence of default, potentially payment of fees, different interest rates. But generally, ttheyre are built-in requirements about debt yields or LTVs. Rick Shane Got it, and understood that ttheyre is a toll that you can extract for those extensions and that's frankly just part of tthey business -- is part of tthey business model, not to dismiss that. Wtheyn you are looking specifically at those loans within tthey portfolio, what's noteworthy is given tthey changes in tthey market and wtheyre you've been concentrating in terms of originations disproportionately tthey pending maturities are in tthey office space, which I think is, generally speaking, a greater concern right now, do you believe that ttheyse sponsors are in positions both financially in terms of tthey covenants and also from a willingness to extend or do you think that ttheyre are going to be -- we saw recently a deal from a competitor of yours, do you think that, that type of activity is just going to pick up? Tae-Sik Yoon So I think we absolutely deal with each situations differently. I think if you look at our theirtorical practice, we have been very working, again very closely with each borrower to make sure we give ttheym every opportunity to continue to meet ttheyir business plans. I'd say most often, we have asked for some level of concessions in order to provide an extension of ttheyir loans, right? Wtheyttheyr that is some sort of fee? Wtheyttheyr that's an increase in tthey interest rate? And probably most often some material contribution of additional equity capital to show ttheyir continued sponsorship in tthey deal. But again, our goal is to continue to work with each of our borrowers to give ttheym every opportunity for success. We want ttheym committed, both from an effort perspective, as well as capital perspective. At ttheir point, I would say ttheyre are situations wtheyre, again, it's ongoing discussions. I don't think we have situations wtheyre we have borrowers ready to throw us tthey key, if you want to call it that way. But certainly, borrowers do behave as an economic animal, and we do understand tthey situations in which ttheyy may be motivated to do so. And so again, we evaluate each of ttheyse situations very uniquely, individually. It depends on tthey borrower, it depends on tthey building, it depends on tthey submarket, it depends on so many different situations that it's hard to give a generic response. But again, I do think we do work very closely with each borrower to make sure that we have tthey best solution for us and for ttheym. Bryan Donohoe Yeah, maybe I'll just add on to that, Tae-Sik, if I could, which is anottheyr avenue I kind of intimated is wtheyn we do have higtheyr cash flowing assets, right, and if you think about one of tthey benefits of office product is longer duration leases than you might see for instance in tthey apartment complex. Now that additional cash flow to tthey extent we're working through a period of illiquidity in ttheir space can be rerouted through our cash management structure and pay down tthey loan or used -- theyld as additional collateral. So I think Tae-Sik did a good job of covering all tthey different avenues in which we actively manage in ttheir space and certainly tthey macro overlay is a challenge, but one we're working through on an asset-by-asset basis. Rick Shane Got it. And look, I will make tthey observation that strategically over tthey decades that we followed you, tthey behavior has always been to work with borrowers. I mean, I think ttheyre are ends of tthey continuum in terms of aggressive resolution versus really partnering with borrowers and I am not pining which I think is better or worse. I think it depends upon tthey lender. But I think that tthey long theirtory of your company is to really try to work with tthey sponsors and keep ttheym in tthey properties. Bryan Donohoe I think that's right. Obviously, at Ares, we have our DNA in credit, and we know -- certainly have tthey ability across tthey spectrum to step into those situations in which ttheyre is value add that comes from tthey broader company expertise, but at tthey end of tthey day, our charter, if you will, is to be a lender to ttheyse borrowers to work with ttheym through some of tthey cloudier times and get to a better environment and really maximize value at tthey asset level, and that creates kind of some win-win situations and certainly some brand loyalty ttheyre. But I think your take is correct. Rick Shane Yeah, you don't want to be running a hotel in White Plains ever again? Bryan Donohoe Not during COVID at least. Rick Shane Fair enough. Thank you, guys. Bryan Donohoe Thanks for tthey time. Operator Thank you. We now have Doug Harter from Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad wtheyn you're ready. Douglas Harter Thanks. Can you just talk about -- a little bit more about tthey decision to allocate capital to AAA CMBS? And kind of accept obviously, a lower risk, but lower return and how that compares? And how you're thinking about tthey timing of holding that capital versus deploying it into loans at likely higtheyr returns? Bryan Donohoe Yeah. It was really a balance of tthey risk spectrum, and clearly, ttheyre's been a slowdown in transaction activity throughout tthey real estate space. We're coming off of a record transaction volume year last year. So still enough to do. And we actually are pretty happy with tthey lending environment. We're seeing great opportunities. So it's a fair question. We just felt tthey relative value to be able to print those tickets wtheyn we did with tthey additional upside as we said on tthey first question about tthey potential to lever those if given tthey right structure into a pretty interesting overall yield. But tthey combination of tthey unlevered yield plus tthey liquidity that is intheyrent in those securities made it something that was fairly compelling at tthey time. Again, we don't see it as changing tthey mandate theyre, right? We are going to be first mortgage lenders to commercial real estate borrowers in tthey top markets, et cetera, that you've theyard us talk about previously. But at tthey time, given tthey dearth of transactions and a few of tthey crosscurrents we've mentioned, we felt it was pretty compelling. Makes sense. And ttheyn, Tae-Sik, I think you said that tthey CLO or one of tthey CLOs has had $130 million of cash. What is tthey timeframe for reinvestment? Or what is -- how much longer is ttheyre on tthey reinvestment rights for that CLO? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. We mentioned that we have about $130 million of capacity that we could put into tthey CLO. Ttheir is our FL3 securitization. And again, one of tthey benefits of that securitization is we've managed to extend that revolving period for a number of times, again, really taking advantage of that, that ttheyre's really 1 participant who holds all of tthey investment-grade notes in that CLO. So we still have a decent amount of time to put in some additional collateral. We're still also hopeful that even wtheyn that expires, we'll continue to be able to renew it. I think we are right now in our third revolving period. And so, we do anticipate and hope that we can continue to do it. But clearly, we're hopeful that we can put tthey $130 million to work very soon well within tthey allotted time period of tthey replacement period. Douglas Harter And I guess, what limitations would ttheyre be for deployment ttheyre? Or would we expect that tthey first $130 million of tthey loans you do would kind of go into that CLO? Tae-Sik Yoon Yeah. So, one of tthey limitations, of course, is that tthey owner of tthey investment-grade notes has tthey right to approve. We have obviously worked with ttheym over tthey many years to make sure that tthey collateral we do put -- we put in FL3 is consistent with our ttheysis and ttheyir ttheysis. So, we don't certainly anticipate having challenges of identifying tthey right type of assets that go into it. But Bryan, do you want to? Bryan Donohoe Yeah, I just -- I would just add that I think tthey reason we set up ttheir partnership a few years back was because I think we are like-minded, and wtheyn we speak to that investor, which we do clearly regularly. And first of all, I think you cite one of our true priorities is to use that liability structure given tthey in-tthey-money nature of it, but we have a like-minded viewpoint on tthey market landscape. And wtheyn we think about tthey opportunity set in front of us as commercial real estate lenders, ttheyy share tthey view that, that it is a very compelling time to take advantage of tthey dislocation. So, one, it's a priority for us. And two, it's something that we will approach in concert with ttheir partner that we've put in place for a number of years. Douglas Harter Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We have our next question from Hagen with BTIG. Please go atheyad wtheyn you're ready. Eric Hagen Hi, good afternoon. Hope you guys are well. How are you finding in your conversations both with sponsors and in your underwriting tthey impact of theydging interest rate risk against tthey backdrop of higtheyr rates and volatility? How would you say tthey theydging of that risk is filtered into CRE values and tthey way that you guys reserve for credit? Bryan Donohoe Yeah, it's a good question. It's been a pretty amazing dynamic. I think you saw in our commentary and some ottheyrs, tthey velocity of tthey rate change has been pretty significant. I would say as we converse with borrowers throughout our broad portfolio, it really is being handled both, I would say, systematically, as well as taking into account tthey expected furttheyr duration of tthey asset. Wtheyn you take tthey risk premium associated with rate caps plus tthey way ttheyy're functioning today, which is effectively just prepaying interest in certain ways, we're trying to be logical and reasonable about how we do that, while making sure that we protect interest rates to tthey downside to tthey extent that tthey pivot we're all theyaring about in real time doesn't necessarily come to be. So it's a conversation we're having quite often. And our view, clearly, as Tae-Sik has mentioned today and in prior quarters, we've generally taken advantage of rates in certain environments. Right now, I think it's both defensive and really is focusing on tthey underlying credit of tthey asset. Tae-Sik, I don't know if you have anything to add ttheyre? Bryan Donohoe Yeah. Bryan, I think [indiscernible] are very consistent with my thoughts. One of tthey ottheyr challenges, obviously, is a few years ago, it was very inexpensive for borrowers to buy interest rate protection. It is something that we have generally required. Sometimes, it was met with a little bit of resistance, but I think even those counterparties, those borrowers, obviously look back on it as having done tthey right thing. I think as Bryan mentioned, today, with tthey rate volatility and tthey absolute higtheyr rates, it's obviously much more expensive to put in a cap or any ottheyr types of interest rate protection. And I think borrowers fortunately see tthey value of doing so. So I think ttheyre's less resistance to doing it, but ttheyre is more of a monetary limitation to tthey cost of putting in interest rate protection. Eric Hagen Right, that's theylpful. In tthey case wtheyre a loan does get extended, does tthey borrower need to execute a new, call it, at-tthey-market interest rate cap? Tae-Sik Yoon Yeah, and that's a great question. I mean, that is certainly a very, very, very live question that we face every day and again, we do push it very hard. That is one of tthey things that we want to make sure that we and tthey borrowers are protected against furttheyr increases in interest rates. And again, I don't think ttheyre is a resistance in terms of wanting to do so, but again, it may come down to affordability of what those interest rate caps and ottheyr protection mechanisms will cost to put in place. So it is certainly something that we push very hard for, but again, it's all part of tthey overall negotiation of what we would seek to have in place in order for us to consent to an extension. Eric Hagen Got it. Thank you, guys, very much. Tae-Sik Yoon Thank you, Eric. Operator Thank you. We have no furttheyr questions. And I like to turn tthey call back over to Bryan Donohoe for any final remarks. Bryan Donohoe Thank you very much. I just want to express my gratitude to tthey team for ttheyir commitment ttheir quarter and throughout and certainly our thanks to our investors for ttheyir continued support. Thank you for tthey time today. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our conference call for today. If you missed any part, an archived replay of ttheir conference call will be available approximately one hour after tthey call ends through November 30, 2022 to domestic callers by dialing 1-866-813-9403 and to international callers by dialing +44-204-525-0658. For all replays, please reference tthey conference number 933476. An archived replay will also be available on a webcast link located on tthey homepage of tthey Investor Resources section of our website.