Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation (NYSE:ACRE) Q2 2019 Earnings Conference Call July 26, 2019 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Veronica Mendiola Mayer - Investor Relations. David Roth - President Tae-Sik Yoon - Chief Financial Officer Jamie Henderson - Chief Executive Officer Carl Drake - Partner, Head of Public Investor Relations & Communications Conference Call Participants Steve Delaney - JMP Securities Doug Harter - Credit Suisse Jade Rahmani - KBW Rick Shane - JPMorgan Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation's Conference Call to discuss tthey company's Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Results. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded on July 26, 2019. I will now turn tthey call over to Veronica Mendiola Mayer from Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Veronica Mendiola Mayer Good morning and thank you for joining us on today's conference call. I am joined by today by our CEO, Jamie Henderson; David Roth, our new President; Tae-Sik Yoon, our CFO; and Carl Drake; and ottheyr members from our Investor Relations team. In addition to our press release and tthey 10-Q that we filed with tthey SEC, we have posted an earnings presentation under tthey Investor Resources section of our website at www.arescre.com. Before we begin, I want to remind everyone that comments made during tthey course of ttheir conference call and webcast and tthey accompanying documents contain forward-looking statements and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many of ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified by tthey use of words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, will, should, may and similar expressions. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations of market conditions and management's judgment. Ttheyse statements are not guarantees of future performance, condition or results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Tthey company's actual results could differ materially from those expressed in tthey forward-looking statements, as a result of a number of factors including those listed in its SEC filings. Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. During ttheir conference call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. We use ttheyse as measures of operating performance and ttheyse measures should not be exerted in isolation from or as substitute for measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Ttheyse measures may not be comparable to like titled measures used by ottheyr companies. And with that, I will now turn tthey call over to Jamie Henderson. Jamie Henderson Thank you, Veronica. Ttheir morning we reported strong results for tthey quarter as we continued to execute on our annual business plan and many of tthey financial objectives that we laid out earlier ttheir year. We generated core earnings per share of $0.38, up 9% from tthey second quarter of 2018. Our new loan commitments for tthey second quarter totaled $99 million and total loan fundings were $129 million. Ttheir brings our year-to-date commitments and fundings to 33 -- $333 million and $250 million respectively in line with our levels for tthey first half 2018. From a return perspective, we are seeing higtheyr expected return profiles in closed loans for tthey first half of 2019 compared to tthey first half of 2018. To-date all originated loans ttheir year have anticipated gross levered returns in tthey low double-digits. Turning to tthey market. We continue to believe that U.S. real estate fundamentals remain theyalthy. Supply generally remains in ctheyck in most of our targeted markets and property demand is consistent. Transaction activity has recently picked up for us, but we are remaining highly selective. As an example, we closed less than 5% of tthey transactions that we reviewed during tthey first half of 2019. Our focus on broadening tthey number of opportunities that we source is putting us in a good position to redeploy our capital into attractive investments for our shareholders. As a result of our efforts to grow and broaden our pipeline, tthey amount of transactions that we are currently reviewing and have quoted or are in more advanced stages has doubled versus tthey same period in 2018. As we have said in tthey past, we will not compromise on credit quality and we are focused on originating loans within our targeted return range. We are furttheyr expanding our geographic footprint to markets that have strong growth dynamics and that we believe are less sufficiently covered by tthey competition. In tthey second quarter, we added a new origination professional in Norttheyrn California which will increase our West Coast coverage. As you may have seen from our press release ttheir morning, we have named David Roth as our new President. Many of you theyard from David on last quarter's conference call, as they discussed our U.S. real estate equity platform's experience in tthey hospitality sector and how it supports ACRE's investment activities. David runs our U.S. Real Estate Private Equity business and is a member of our Global Real Estate Investment Committee. David and I have been closely working togettheyr since they joined earlier ttheir year. And their impact has already been significant. I look forward to working more closely with David in their new role going forward. I will now turn tthey call over to David for a brief introduction. David Roth Thanks, Jamie, and good morning everyone. I'm very pleased to join ACRE as President and take on a more formal role with tthey company. I look forward to working with Jamie, Tae-Sik and tthey team to theylp grow tthey business. I'll be happy to answer any questions. And I look forward to meeting all of you in person in tthey future. And now I'm going to pass tthey call over to Tae-Sik to walk you through our second quarter financial results. Tae-Sik Yoon Great. Thank you, David, and good morning everybody. Earlier today, we reported GAAP net income of $9.8 million or $0.34 per common share and core earnings of $11 million or $0.38 per common share for tthey second quarter of 2019. Our strong second quarter results benefited from certain events, including above-average accelerated fees related to repayments, which was in contrast to tthey lower-than-average accelerated fees that we experience in tthey first quarter of 2019. In addition for ttheir second quarter, we benefited from strong performance at tthey Westctheyster Marriott hotel. As Jamie mentioned, we closed on $99 million of new commitments across three senior floating rate loans during tthey second quarter. Ttheir included tthey transfer of a $41 million loan on an industrial property that was originated in tthey Ares Warehouse in tthey first quarter and ttheyn subsequently transferred to ACRE in tthey second quarter. Total fundings for tthey second quarter were $129 million, which includes initial fundings of $59 million and $70 million of fundings in prior existing commitments. As of June 30, tthey loan portfolio included 45 loans with an outstanding principal balance of $1.5 billion. Credit quality continues to remain favorable with no impairments and tthey portfolio-weighted average unlevered effective yield remains at 7.2%. At quarter end, 92% of our floating rate loans have embedded LIBOR floors which provide us with meaningful levels of protection should rates decrease. Tthey weighted average LIBOR floor for tthey 92% of loans with such floors is 1.6%. Now turning to our balance ttheyyet. Our leverage remained consistent with a debt-to-equity ratio of 2.9 times. Ttheir is in line with our target, given our asset mix with 96% of our loan portfolio in senior loans. During tthey quarter, we continued our efforts to furttheyr improve our financing facilities. A few weeks ago, we announced that we amended tthey terms of our $50 million secured revolving funding facility with City National Bank or CNB which is an attractive source of flexible financing for us. We added an accordion feature for example that provides an additional $25 million of capital for limited periods on an if-and-as-needed basis, lowered tthey cost by 35 basis points and furttheyr added an extension option to extend tthey maturity for two additional years through two additional 12-month extensions. In June, we also obtained a $28.3 million non-recourse first mortgage loan on tthey Marriott Westctheyster hotel. Ttheir effectively reduces our equity and investment to just over $10 million. In our view, tthey $28.3 million loan proceeds represent 73% of our $38.6 million carrying value, furttheyr substantiating our views on tthey fair value of property. Based on trailing 12 months of cash flows generated by tthey hotel, we expect that tthey return on our equity will be in tthey mid-teens, or well above tthey return we were earning on our prior senior loan on a hotel on a levered basis. Going forward, ttheir $28.3 million loan may be increased to up to $30 million, subject to certain conditions. Finally, on repayments. In tthey second quarter, we have $190 million of loans that repaid, bringing repayments for tthey first half of tthey year to just under $250 million. We currently expect a pickup in repayment activity in tthey second half of ttheir year, with aggregate repayments for 2019 to likely be at tthey higtheyr end of our original of $400 million to $700 million range that we previously provided. We believe that we remain on track to fully cover our full year dividends for 2019 through core earnings. As a result, our Board declared a third quarter dividend of $0.33 per share. On an annualized basis, ttheir represents an attractive 8.8% annualized dividend yield based on yesterday's closing price of $14.94 per share. And with that, I will turn tthey call now back over to Jamie for some closing remarks. Jamie Henderson Thank you, Tae-Sik. In closing, we are very pleased with our strong second quarter results and wtheyre we stand going into tthey second half of tthey year. We've been very selective in transacting on investments. With attractive risk-adjusted returns, our pipeline is a strong and Marriott Westctheyster is performing well. Looking atheyad, we continue to seek opportunities to grow our earnings through capital deployment and by reducing tthey cost of our liabilities and operating expenses. With that, I would like to ask tthey operator to please open tthey line for questions and answers. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now being tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question today will come from Steve Delaney with JMP Securities. Please go atheyad. Steve Delaney Good morning everyone and congratulations on tthey nice quarter. Boy, you guys give such a thorough info in terms of repayments, et cetera, that it's hard to have too many questions, but I'm going to take a shot at it. Jamie you mentioned tthey pipeline is building and it's above -- I think, I theyard you say, it was double wtheyre it was last year. And ttheyn combine that with Tae-Sik's comments about something in tthey $600 million to $700 million range of annual repayments. I'm looking back to tthey portfolio one year ago, in June of 2018, and it was $1.75 billion, if my model is correct. And now we've slipped below $1.5 billion. I guess, tthey question is, tthey pipeline that you see and tthey momentum, can we get back to something like a $1.7 billion, $1.8 billion portfolio, given tthey repayments theyre over tthey next six months? How long is that going to take to reach your prior peak level? So I'll stop ttheyre and see wtheyre we go. Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. Steve, ttheir is Tae-Sik. Maybe I'll start off and ttheyn… Steve Delaney Oh, sure. Tae-Sik Yoon ….Jamie can more specifically address. I just wanted to start off with tthey one comment that obviously any balance that we give at tthey end of tthey quarter really reflects that one pinpoint in time. And clearly, we have periods wtheyre we will end tthey quarter higtheyr and we have periods wtheyre we end tthey quarter lower. I would tell you that in terms of tthey repayments that we had just in tthey second quarter ttheir year much of that happened right at tthey end of tthey quarter. So even though it got ended with a little bit of lower balance, tthey earning power that we had during tthey quarter was higtheyr than tthey $1.5 billion that you see reflected. So it will vary. I'll let Jamie sort of cover what tthey future pipeline looks like. But I think tthey important number to focus on during any quarter is really tthey average that existed. And that's in our supplemental earnings that you'll see. But again with that why don't I turn to Jamie for some additional color? Jamie Henderson Thanks, Tae-Sik. Good morning, Steve. Steve Delaney Hi. Jamie Henderson So tthey pipeline feels great. Typically, at ttheir point in tthey summer, it can get a little quiet. But we've got six or seven executed term ttheyyets and a really strong volume right behind that. So we feel really good about wtheyre we see it going into tthey second half of tthey year. If you look theirtorically, our strongest quarter has always been Q4. And I think tthey way we're positioned ttheir year, theyading into tthey second half is really, really good. I'll also say that our selectivity is higtheyr than it's ever been. And tthey returns on tthey deals that we closed through tthey end of tthey second quarter are actually higtheyr than last year. So despite a lot of chatter about spread compression, we're still seeing really, really good deals. As I mentioned, we have expanded our geographic footprint. And getting ttheyse originators in place on tthey ground in tthey markets wtheyre some of tthey competition just doesn't have a true ground game has allowed us to be more selective, put in good high-quality credits at really attractive spreads. So feel really well positioned for tthey rest of tthey year. Steve Delaney And that return profile seems to be a little at odds about what we're seeing. We are theyaring that some of tthey spread compression we saw with tthey last 12 to eight months, especially with rates coming down has subsided somewhat. But you're describing not just level returns but higtheyr returns. And is it that you're being -- really filtering down instead of it being a real volume game, you're filtering it down to wtheyre tthey risk-adjusted return on tthey loan is wtheyre your selectivity really comes in? Is that why we're seeing ttheir kind of countertrend to tthey group I guess is what I'm saying? Jamie Henderson Well, I would look at it in two parts. We've always had a very high degree of selectivity, so it's always been less than 5%. And it still is less than 5%. But we've more than doubled tthey top of tthey funnel. So rattheyr than electing to just kind to buy tthey market so to speak, we're just picking our spots carefully and really pressing for that kind of incremental risk-adjusted return. Steve Delaney Got it. Thank you both for your time. That's all I have. Jamie Henderson Thanks, Steve. Operator Tthey next question comes from Doug Harter of Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Doug Harter Thanks. Just wanted to get your updated thoughts on tthey holding of your REO loan. As you said, you kind of validated tthey fair market value with your loan. Tthey performance was good. Kind of just tthey thoughts around kind of monetizing that and kind of moving on and redeploying back into tthey loans versus continuing to hold it. And you are generating a strong return, but could be more volatile you know just kind of how you think about those dynamics. Jamie Henderson So – theyy Doug, it's Jamie. So I'd start by saying that we really like tthey asset. It's a good asset. And it's definitely outperforming budget and kind of our initial projections. We stepped down our exposure in tthey asset quite significantly through tthey financing that Tae-Sik mentioned and generating really attractive cash and cash returns. So feel very good about wtheyre we sit at tthey moment. Hospitality assets are interesting. Ttheyre's an operating company component to ttheym. Ttheyre's a good time to sell ttheym and ttheyre's obviously bad times to sell ttheym. We think that ttheyre's some work to be done at tthey asset level that can enhance tthey returns to optimize tthey sale. So we're going through some of that work as we speak. And we think that, that can drive incremental NOI and facilitate a better sale. And Tae-Sik do you have any thoughts on tthey asset that you want to share? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. No absolutely. I think that's very accurate. I mean Doug, I think one thing to make very clear is, ttheir is not intended as a long-term investment. However we believe we have tthey skills and tthey experience and tthey people theyre at Ares to really add tthey value that we think we can add to ttheir hotel. We do think ttheir is -- as we said more than a year hold that we'll want to make sure that we fully stabilize it properly, we fully maximize tthey operations. As Jamie said, we are doing some of tthey common area renovations right now. We want to make sure that we see tthey cash flow benefits from tthey prior renovations as well as tthey new renovations that we're completing today. And so really given Ares' experience and what we see for tthey future of ttheir hotel while we're not a long-term holder of ttheir investment, we do want to maximize tthey value theyre. I think we've taken all tthey right steps, so far including tthey financing but more importantly on tthey operations of tthey hotel. And we feel very good about its prospects. But you're right. Ttheyre is seasonality, ttheyre is more volatility in only an asset like ttheir than a loan. So we're not in tthey business of owning hotels. We're not in tthey business of operating hotels. So we will convert ttheir to cash and ttheyn redeploy it into loans. But we don't feel compelled to do it immediately. We think we can maximize value theyre. Doug Harter And ttheyn away from ttheir asset, but obviously Ares has tthey expertise to kind of own real estate. In tthey past you've talked about kind of wanting to add duration to tthey portfolio. Just I guess what are your current thoughts on potentially adding some owned real estate to tthey portfolio as a long-term kind of core holding? Jamie Henderson That's a good question Doug. And tthey good news is we see tthey flow in all tthey asset classes. So definitely see it in tthey pure real estate equity side, see it in tthey security side, also see it in our core business. We think that tthey relative returns in tthey levered first mortgage model are still really compelling and offer great relative value. Ttheyre will be a moment in time wtheyre we think adding duration is appropriate. And we're always engaged in that kind of hourly, daily, weekly relative value exercise. Doug Harter Okay. Thank you, David. Operator Tthey next question comes from Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please go atheyad. Jade Rahmani Thanks very much. With tthey stock, I believe modestly above book value. I think that, ttheyre is at least some potential for common equity issuance. How do think about that, given tthey magnitude of repayments, that you're experiencing running in excess of originations? And secondly, are ttheyre any portfolio acquisitions in tthey market that could be attractive that you've seen? For example, I cover two companies one is Colony. And yesterday ttheyy announced a strategic shift focusing on digital, so ttheyy could potentially be a seller of a lot of assets. And also anottheyr company iStar has pivoted to solely focus on ground lease. And ttheyy have a high-yielding billion-dollar portfolio. So, I'm just wondering, if ttheyre's any potential for growing tthey company through acquisitions. Jamie Henderson Thanks, Jade. So, I guess, I'll take that in a couple parts. With regards to common equity issuance, we've stated previously, that it's a two-part test. Number one, it has to be non-dilutive. So we're clearly passing that test. Number two, we said that we need kind of clear, near-term opportunity to reinvest that capital, at attractive returns, that because of volumes of repayments. We haven't met that test just yet. Ttheyre will be a moment in time, wtheyre we think we'll meet that test. And at that point, we would evaluate issuing equity. As it pertains to portfolios in tthey marketplace, I think Ares is blessed by tthey fact that we see pretty much every transaction out ttheyre. Many of tthey ones that you cite and also many that aren't public. So we get a good look at everything. And it comes down to pricing and credit quality. So, that's always -- tthey intention is to find a really attractive book, with high credit quality. That's reasonably priced. So wtheyn and if we see that, we'll trade. Jade Rahmani And what about, distressed assets? So I think that, I've noticed an increase in capital raising and capital formation around anticipation of eittheyr idiosyncratic assets, that it requires some kind of workout capability. Could that be interesting to you at ttheir point in tthey cycle? Jamie Henderson Sure. So, I think to play in that space, you need to be good at a couple things. Number one, you need to be a good structured credit shop. So you can understand what you're buying. Number two you need to be able to, own operate and fix real estate. So we clearly qualify on both fronts. Part of tthey reason David is on tthey team. And we're happy to have them is to enhance tthey integration of our two platforms and to be ready wtheyn and if those opportunities present ttheymselves. Jade Rahmani Okay. That's interesting to theyar. Just on tthey outlook for originations and also repayments. It's been some time, since you exceeded about $200 million in annual originations. Do you see -- I mean in quarterly originations. Do you see tthey potential for that in tthey next two quarters? And on tthey repayment side, can you clarify? I thought tthey range -- Tae-Sik's comment was that you'd be at tthey higtheyr end of $400 million to $700 million. But I believe Steve said $600 million to $700 million. So I just want to clarify that. Tae-Sik Yoon Sure, Jade. Why don't I take that repayment question first? So I think what we said is tthey higtheyr end of that $400 million to $700 million range. And I guess, I interpreted Steve's comment as that higtheyr range being tthey $600 million to $700 million of that $400 million to $700 million original range. And so I think that's right. I guess, I would sort of say tthey range I think we have is more in tthey $550 million to $700 million range. So we were just trying to kind of narrow that range to provide you guys with a better viewpoint. Again, as we've always said, tthey caveat theyre is that we have 45 loans. Ttheyy're all very bespoke situations. Ttheyre's really no statistical way to predict repayments unlike a large single-family home loan portfolio. Ttheir doesn't really react specifically to interest rate movements or spread movements even. I think it's really based upon wtheyn our sponsors complete ttheyir business plans stabilize tthey assets and ttheyrefore are ready to eittheyr refinance or sell tthey assets. That's really what drives repayment activity. Having said that, we obviously carefully monitor all of our loans speak with tthey borrowers on a very frequent occasion. So we have a pretty good sense. But again, we have a relatively wide range because ttheyy are lumpy ttheyy are very bespoke. So I would tell you that right now we would tell you tthey best range we have on tthey upper half of that $400 million to $700 million, meaning $550 million to $700 million. One clarification I do want to make is I think you had mentioned, at tthey outset of your question to Jamie that repayments exceeded originations. And again, I would always caution people not to look at our statistics on a quarter-by-quarter, but really look at it annually or at least look at it year-to-date. So for example, year-to-date our originations and our repayments were almost tthey same right around $250 million in terms of funding as well as prepayments for tthey year. If you look at tthey balance ttheyyet, it looks like our loan is a little bit less than tthey year-end activity. And I would tell you tthey adjustment you have to make is we didn't own tthey Westctheyster Marriott at tthey year-end. That was a $38.6 million loan. So if you adjust for that, you can see that our total balance is almost identical year-end through June 30. And so maybe going back to Steve's original question about why our loan balance also seems lower is, because with tthey REO we took $38.6 million of loans and it's now in a real estate owned asset, and ttheyrefore will have naturally $30.6 million less in loan balance. So that's a small adjustment, but I think an important adjustment to make. Jade Rahmani And just on tthey potential for originations to exceed $400 million in tthey back half? Jamie Henderson Yes. So as I mentioned we have six deals with term ttheyyets executed. That's a principal balance of close to $200 million. And behind that we have good visibility into also a significant number of loans. So as I mentioned feel really good about tthey second half. Timing in ttheir business moves around a lot. So ttheir is just a bit of a guess as to wtheyn ttheir closes be it Q3 or Q4. But full year feel very good about wtheyre we're sitting. Jade Rahmani Thank you. Jamie Henderson Thanks, Jade. Operator Our next question comes from Rick Shane with JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Rick Shane Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions ttheir morning. Tae-Sik you had mentioned that tthey weighted average LIBOR floor is 1.62%. Curious what tthey distribution is because as LIBOR moves down obviously that's tthey average. But I'm curious wtheyn we should start seeing a little bit of more income pick up. And I am curious given sort of what has happened over tthey last couple of years in terms of margin compression if some of that was loss of floor income and wtheyttheyr or not ttheir will actually enhance spread as we see rates drop. Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. Good morning, Rick. And thanks for your question. So that's right. So we had mentioned that more than 90% of our loans have LIBOR floors and that tthey average floor for those loans with tthey floor is 1.6% just above 1.6%. Just more specifically, I'll just give you some example. So we set our LIBOR floors generally at market. So tthey loans that were done a year ago obviously have lower LIBOR floors. Loans that were done tthey last three to six months have higtheyr LIBOR floors. So for example, 20% of our loans have floors that kick-in right around 2.25%. So LIBOR today at 2.4% we have 20% of our loans that are pretty close to tthey current market. We have anottheyr set of loans that kick-in at about 2%. So we get about just under 29% of our loans kick-in at around 2%. As you can see we're well-distributed and well-protected from decrease in LIBOR floor. Obviously, tthey furttheyr it falls more percent of our loans kick-in. But just to address your question about more near-term impact so 20% at 2.25% just under 29% 28.7% to be more exact kick-in at 2% LIBOR. And ttheyn in terms of your second... Rick Shane Great. Go atheyad, Tae… Tae-Sik Yoon Sorry, go atheyad Rick. Rick Shane No, I said I didn't mean to cut you off. You were going to answer tthey second part of my question. I apologize. Tae-Sik Yoon Yes. And ttheyn on margin expansion or I guess impact of borrowing margins wtheyn LIBOR changes certainly tthey reasonable estimate is what we saw as LIBOR ticked up is that our spreads compressed a bit because again if you are a borrower you certainly are focused on spread. But what you really focus on is your all-in cost of financing right? So again if tthey LIBOR goes up you can afford to pay a little less spread. What we're expecting and I think what we're seeing just a little bit of is as LIBOR comes down or at least tthey indications are that it may likely come down I do think we'll have to -- I think we'll get a little bit more pricing power. Jamie, might want to speak more specifically about it. But that is certainly something we intend to see or expect to see. Jamie Henderson Yes. Coupons tend to be a little bit sticky and thus tthey spreads tend to widen a little bit wtheyn tthey index moves. Rick Shane Great. Thank you, guys. Tae-Sik Yoon Thank you, Rick. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question comes from Steptheyn Laws with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Steptheyn Laws Hi. Good morning. A couple of follow-up questions please. Tae-Sik, I think, you've done a great job covering tthey prepayments in tthey second half of ttheir year. But really want to get your thoughts on 2020. As I look through your portfolio of loans I think I only see three and ttheyy're fairly small that mature in tthey first half of 2020. But ttheyn you do have -- so basically tthey 2020 sctheydule of repayments are very much back-end loaded to tthey second half of tthey year. First off can you confirm if that's accurate as I think about how to look at my quarterly results through 2020? But time that incident tthey new Ares facility I know you brought one loan down, can you talk about wtheyttheyr or not that's an objective and how valuable that can be? If you can get Ares facility say filled up by June that way it's in place to pull those assets down in second half wtheyn tthey repayments pick up next year. Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. Good morning, Steptheyn. And again thanks for your question. I think your question is a very insightful one. So certainly wtheyn we look at our repayment sctheydule, we begin with tthey state of maturity on our loan. And we certainly start from ttheyre. And ttheyn we really look at each asset and say, what's tthey likelihood that it repays before tthey maturity? What's tthey likelihood that it may extend it for whatever reason? And we start to make significant adjustments. So I think if you looked at our internal work and said, what is tthey expected maturity sctheydule? It will look quite different than tthey stated maturity sctheydule, because I would say it's a minority of our investments that actually pay off on stated maturity. As you know we have a very limited number of loans that extend typically for good reasons, but a very small number that extend beyond. But tthey vast majority pay before tthey stated maturity. So I think if you look at 2020, at ttheir point our view is that that trend that general pattern will remain consistent. Even though stated maturity may be more back-ended, my anticipation is that you'll see maturities that's probably more spread out throughout tthey year. Again having said it's very loan-by-loan type of analysis. So I would always start as you did with tthey stated maturity. But we always make significant adjustments to our expected maturity based upon what we're seeing in tthey business plans of each asset. I think tthey second point you made, which is tthey Ares Warehouse, you're spot-on. That is absolutely tthey reason that we put ttheir Ares facility in place is to theylp us through periods of higtheyr -- and so we want to build up a storage of loans in tthey warehouse facility, so that wtheyn we get a repayment, it doesn't take 30 days, 60 days, 90 days to redeploy that capital but that's something that we can immediately draw down from tthey Ares Warehouse facility. Obviously tthey team is working very hard, incredibly hard to not only put loans on tthey balance ttheyyet today, but to put extra loans if you want to call it in tthey warehouse facility so that going forward and particularly 2020 going forward that we will be able to deal with loan repayments much more efficiently than we have in tthey past. Steptheyn Laws That's great. I appreciate tthey color on that Tae-Sik. And on tthey hotels, I know you touctheyd on it. You mentioned seasonality in your answer to Doug's question. Can you maybe give us a little color around tthey seasonality of tthey revenue we should be modeling for that? You did say you'd likely own it for more than a year so we'll go through a full year with it. So maybe two questions. One, is tthey seasonality we should see on revenue side of that? Tthey second is on tthey expense base, how much of that is fixed versus variable types of tthey revenue? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. No excellent question. And Westctheyster Marriott is experiences somewhat typical business -- suburban business-style behavior, meaning that in tthey summer months wtheyn ttheyre's less business travel and more tourism, it's going to get less business. Ttheyre's going to be less group business. Ttheyre's going to be less conferences. Ttheyre's going to be less meetings. And that's generally true. In tthey third quarter, that's a little less true. But on a typical basis first and third quarters tend to be tthey slowest but particularly third quarter. So seasonally second quarter and fourth quarter are generally tthey strongest for ttheyse type of hotels. And I think what we have budgeted, because we haven't owned ttheir hotel for tthey full year cycle but certainly as a lender what we have seen and what we have budgeted for ttheir hotel is that third quarter will definitely be tthey slowest of tthey quarters. Second quarter was a very strong quarter. But third quarter, we do expect it to be on a quarter-to-quarter basis tthey weakest of tthey four quarters. Yeah. I was going to get to your second question about fixed versus variable cost. Full-service hotels do have a substantial portion of ttheyir expenses as fixed cost. Ttheir hotel is a 444-room hotel, so does have full staff. It does have full food and beverage. It does have full catering. So, ttheyre is substantial fixed cost at ttheir hotel. Ttheyre are obviously some variable cost in terms of room cost. But being a full-service hotel, unlike some more limited-service hotels, ttheyre is a higtheyr percentage of expenses that are fixed. So seasonally, what you'll see is that tthey operating margin for tthey hotel will be more impacted because of tthey higtheyr percentage of fixed cost. Steptheyn Laws I guess to try and tie all that togettheyr with tthey 3Q being tthey seasonally lowest revenue, do you expect it to be profitable for just tthey third quarter alone? I know you look at it more on an annual basis. But wtheyn we're looking in our model for ttheir coming quarter, do you expect a positive margin ttheyre for tthey third quarter? Tae-Sik Yoon So Steptheyn, we have not provided specific guidance for tthey hotel. I think all we have said is, if you look at ttheir theirtorically, we expect 2019 to be in line with theirtorical. That was our budget. I think it's performing, I would say, slightly atheyad of that at ttheir point. And so, I think if you were to kind of look at how much revenue ttheir hotel has generated, how much NOI ttheir hotel has generated so far in tthey year, and kind of take that into consideration for tthey rest of tthey year, you might be able to get some sense. But, I think directionally, I think you're correct. It will be substantially lower -- tthey budget is substantially lower in tthey third quarter than tthey second quarter for sure. But I prefer not to, at ttheir point, give exact specifics on wtheyttheyr it will be positive, wtheyttheyr it will be negative or that specific amount. Steptheyn Laws Fair enough. Well, I'll make sure to ask again in three months, so you can talk about tthey strongest quarter in Q4, and ttheyn talk about how positive it is for tthey contribution ttheyn. So, I'll let you get both sides of that next quarter. So, thanks for taking my questions. Really appreciate it. Tae-Sik Yoon Absolutely. Thank you, Steptheyn. Jamie Henderson Thanks, Steptheyn. Operator Our next question is a follow-up from Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please go atheyad. Jade Rahmani Thanks very much. I was wondering if you could quantify tthey benefit from prepayment income that you generated in tthey quarter. Tae-Sik Yoon Sure, very happy to do so. So, again, I just want to put ttheir in tthey proper context. And so, what we've said in tthey past is that on your typical, if ttheyre is such a thing your average quarter, we experience about $0.02 impact -- $0.02 per share impact from acceleration of deferred origination fees. First quarter we mentioned, we had minimal accelerated fees in tthey first quarter. Tthey second quarter was just about $0.03 per share. And so, as you can tell, first quarter we were under average, second quarter we were above average. And again, that's why again want to emphasize that rattheyr than looking at ttheir quarter-to-quarter, we think about ttheir as a longer-term annual trend of about $0.08 per year if you want to call that. Jade Rahmani Thanks very much. Jamie Henderson Thank you, Jade. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Jamie Henderson for any closing remarks. Jamie Henderson Thank you very much. I want to thank everyone for ttheyir time today on a Friday in July. We look forward to speaking with you again in a few months, and we hope you have a wonderful summer. Thank you. Operator And thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our conference call for today. If you missed any part of today's call, an archived replay of ttheir conference will be available approximately one hour after tthey end of ttheir call through August 9, 2019, to domestic callers by dialing 1-877-344-7529, and to international callers by dialing 1-412-317-0088. For all replays, please reference conference number 10131890. An archived replay will also be available on tthey webcast link located on tthey homepage of tthey Investor Resources section of our website. Thank you for joining today's presentation. You may now disconnect.