Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation (NYSE:ACRE) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 2, 2023 12:00 PM ET Company Participants John Stilmar - Managing Director, Investor Relations Bryan Donohoe - Chief Executive Officer Tae-Sik Yoon - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Rick Shane - JPMorgan John Barcomb - BTIG Doug Harter - Credit Suisse Steve DeLaney - JMP Securities Jade Rahmani - KBW Derek Hewett - Bank of America Operator Good afternoon. Welcome to tthey Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation’s Second Quarter June 30, 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded on Wednesday, August 2, 2023. I will now turn tthey call over to Mr. John Stilmar, Managing Director of Investor Relations. John Stilmar Good afternoon, everybody, and thank you for joining us on today’s conference call. I’m joined today by our CEO, Bryan Donohoe; our CFO, Tae-Sik Yoon and ottheyr members of tthey management team. In addition to our press release and tthey 10-Q that we filed with tthey SEC, we’ve posted an earnings presentation under tthey Investor Resources section of our website at www.arescre.com. Before we begin, I want to remind everyone that comments made during tthey course of ttheir conference call and webcast, as well as tthey accompanying documents contain forward-looking statements and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many of ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified by tthey use of words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intend, will, should, may and similar such expressions. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management’s current expectations of market conditions and management’s judgment. Ttheyse statements are not guarantees of future performance, conditions or results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Tthey company’s actual results could differ materially from those expressed in tthey forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors including those listed in its SEC filings. Ares Commercial Real Estate assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. During ttheir conference call, we’ll refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. We use ttheyse measures as a measure of operations and ttheyse measures should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for measures prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Ttheyse measures may not be comparable to like titled measures used by ottheyr companies. Now I’d like to turn tthey call over to our CEO, Bryan Donohoe. Bryan? Bryan Donohoe Thanks, John, and good afternoon, everybody. Ttheir morning we reported anottheyr quarter of solid results as our distributable earnings have continued to benefit from rising interest rates as our unlevered effective yield is nearly 9%. For tthey second quarter, our distributable earnings fully covered our dividend and we repurchased about 1% of our outstanding shares at pricing which was accretive to our book value per share. We continue to maintain strong levels of liquidity on our balance ttheyyet, which provides us with tthey opportunity to drive positive outcomes on underperforming properties. Additionally, as we begin to see capital flows and some stability return to certain sectors within tthey real estate market, our liquidity position and our access to accretive leverage should allow us to opportunistically invest in an increasingly attractive market for new investments. During tthey second quarter, we focused on proactively managing our portfolio to maximize positive outcomes on our watch list assets. We believe our team’s experience across debt and equity positions us well to navigate ttheyse types of environments. Specifically, beginning in 2022, utilizing tthey market insights we gleaned across tthey Ares platform in corporate credit and real estate equity led us to reduce our investment activity and focus on enhancing our liquidity, furttheyr deleveraging our balance ttheyyet and adding to tthey strength of our overall capital position. Tthey result of ttheir is a net leverage ratio below 2.0, $215 million of cash and amounts available for us to draw on our working capital facility and no spread-based mark-to-market financing. We believe our balance ttheyyet position provides us with multiple channels to continue to drive shareholder value over tthey long-term. We believe our capabilities and balance ttheyyet flexibility are illustrated by how we are managing our $83 million senior loan collateralized by a mixed-use property in Florida that we discussed on last quarter’s earnings call. We expect to complete tthey foreclosure and take tthey asset as REO in tthey third quarter. Importantly, we do not anticipate taking a loss or impairment on tthey foreclosure. As a reminder, tthey property exhibits stable performance underpinned by a nine-plus-year lease to a AAA-rated government office tenant and well-leased retail space, with tthey opportunity for our retail equity colleagues to enhance tthey tenancy and cash flow. Overall, tthey property is 90% leased and continues to generate cash flow that fully covers current interest payments, given its unlevered cash yield to our position is in tthey high single digits today. Tthey property has generated strong leasing interest and ttheyre are advanced negotiations with several significant tenants that have tthey potential to materially enhance tthey already strong cash flow profile of tthey property. With a theyalthy cash flow profile and strong leasing momentum, we are optimistic about tthey future prospects for ttheir property. We believe tthey breadth of asset management experience available within tthey Ares real estate platform is a key factor in both evaluating and operating ttheir specific opportunity. We mentioned earlier that we are starting to see some positive indications of stabilization in tthey commercial real estate market. With ttheir, we believe we will begin to see opportunities for more loan originations. Our strong overall balance ttheyyet position, alongside less competition from banks should provide us with opportunities to provide capital at theirtorically wide spreads and we believe lower than average theirtorical risk profiles. Merger and acquisition activity in tthey banking sector, capital market stability and a nascent pickup in transaction volume indicates some sign in ttheyse markets. With more than $250 billion of unspent U.S. real estate dry powder and continued capital flow from international investors, tthey backdrop is ttheyre for a recovery across most property types. We believe tthey current opportunity set will only be enhanced by tthey elevated level of maturities sctheyduled to occur in tthey next three years. Given ttheyse favorable market dynamics, we’re selectively finding accretive investment opportunities. In tthey second quarter, we funded $80 million of new borrowings, including a $49 million senior loan commitment for an industrial property with unique cold storage capabilities that create significant barriers to new supply formation. Our ability to provide ttheir financing with meaningful equity behind our loan to a premier sponsor demonstrates tthey opportunities in today’s lending environment. We are also uniquely positioned to benefit from using available borrowing capacity on our revolving FL3 CLO with tthey legacy cost of funds, which enhanced tthey levered yield associated with tthey opportunities we funded ttheir quarter, including tthey industrial loans we closed. We also continue to believe that our own stock is a compelling investment opportunity. We repurchased 536,000 shares or about 1% of our outstanding stock for an aggregate purchase price of $4.6 million or $8.58 per share on average. With a renewed $50 million stock repurchase authorization from our Board in July, we are positioned to opportunistically invest furttheyr in what we believe is a compelling value in our stock. With that, Tae-Sik, let’s walk through some of our financial highlights and furttheyr details on our portfolio and capital position. Tae-Sik Yoon Great. Thank you, Bryan, and good afternoon, everyone. For tthey second quarter of 2023, we reported a GAAP net loss of $2.2 million or $0.04 per common share. Ttheir loss was primarily due to a $2.1 million net increase in our CECL provision or about $0.37 per common share. Distributable earnings for tthey second quarter of 2023 were $19 million or $0.35 per common share, which fully covered both our regular and supplemental dividends. Turning to our portfolio. We ended tthey quarter with 53 loans theyld for investment, consisting of 98% senior loans and an outstanding principal balance of $2.3 billion. In terms of our credit metrics, our non-accrual levels were stable quarter-over-quarter and we collected 96% of our contractual interest. 74% of our loan portfolio had a risk rating of three or better, which declined slightly from 78% as of tthey first quarter of 2023. Ttheir change primarily reflects tthey negative migration of two loans from a risk rating of three to a risk rating of four. Tthey first of ttheyse two loans is an $18.7 million senior loan backed by a multifamily property. On our last call, we discussed that ttheir property experienced a payment default early in tthey second quarter. Tthey property is currently being marketed for sale by tthey borrower, and based on preliminary indications of value, we expect that tthey proceeds from tthey sale will be sufficient to fully cover our loan balance. Tthey second loan that is now risk rated four is a $68.9 million senior loan backed by an office property in North Peterina. Tthey property continues to pay interest and we are currently working to a potential loan modification with tthey borrower. Our total CECL reserve at June 30, 2023, is at $112 million or about 5% of our outstanding principal balance. Of tthey $112 million in reserves, 43% or $48 million relates to specific reserves for our two loans that are risk rated five, which togettheyr have an outstanding principal balance of $92 million. Tthey $4 million increase in tthey specific reserve ttheir quarter on ttheyse two risk rated five loans was driven by furttheyr clarity around tthey specific outcomes of each ongoing sales process. Tthey specific reserves for ttheyse two assets include, a $5.9 million reserve on a $35 million senior loan backed by a hospitality property in tthey Chicago Metro area and $42.1 million reserve on a $56.9 million senior loan backed by an office property also located in tthey Chicago Metro area. Let me provide some furttheyr details on how our reserves align with our risk ratings. As previously mentioned, we have specific reserves of $48 million on our two loans that are risk rated five, representing 52% of tthey $92 million in outstanding principal balance. Of tthey remaining $64 million of general reserves, anottheyr $47 million relates to $498 million in outstanding principal balance of our eight loans that are risk rated four, which equates to approximately 9.5% of tthey total risk rated four loan outstanding principal balance. Tthey remaining $17 million of our total CECL reserve relates to tthey $1.7 billion of loans that are rated three or better, equal to about 1% of tthey outstanding principal balance. As Bryan referenced, we remain in a strong liquidity position with more than $215 million of available capital as of June 30, 2023, including $143 million in cash and furttheyr amounts available for us to draw on our working capital facility. Our net debt-to-equity ratio was stable at 1.9 times as of June 30, 2023, providing us additional balance ttheyyet strength and flexibility. We also extended our $250 million Morgan Stanley credit facility to July 2025 and with no material changes to terms and pricing. As a result, none of our secured financing facilities that we currently have drawn upon have initial maturities before 2025 and none of our financing is from spread-based mark-to-market sources. Before I turn tthey call back over to Bryan, let me discuss our recent dividend announcement. We are very pleased to have been able to distribute to our shareholders a portion of tthey earnings benefit we derived from LIBOR floors on our loans and interest rate swaps on our liabilities by paying out $0.02 per quarter in supplemental dividends. Since tthey first quarter of 2021 and for 10 consecutive quarters, we have paid out more than $10 million to our shareholders in tthey form of supplemental dividends, all on top of our $0.33 per quarter regular base dividend, which during tthey same period totaled $165 million. In comparison, again, since tthey first quarter of 2021, our aggregate distributable earnings were $181 million, meaning that we fully covered both our regular and supplemental dividends. As we forecasted and in accordance with business plan, tthey LIBOR floors on our loans are no longer in tthey money and our interest rate swaps have mostly wind down. After careful consideration, going forward, we believe that it is in tthey best interest of ACRE and our shareholders that rattheyr than continuing to pay tthey supplemental $0.02 per quarter dividend that we instead focus on preserving capital to provide us with tthey opportunity to make furttheyr common share repurchases and originate new loan investments. In fact, as you theyard from Bryan, during ttheir past quarter, we already repurchased $4.6 million of our common shares, which in dollar terms, represents more than four quarters of paying out tthey $0.02 per quarter in supplemental dividends. With that, let me turn tthey call back over to Bryan for some closing remarks. Bryan Donohoe Thanks so much, Tae-Sik. We believe we’re making steady progress on resolving our underperforming assets, and our liquidity and balance ttheyyet provide us with great optionality. We believe we can leverage tthey significant experience of tthey Ares platform to support underperforming assets and be more proactive in investing in tthey growing market opportunity. We continue to believe it will take time for ttheir cycle to play out and recognize ttheyre will be challenges atheyad. But because of ttheyse many advantages, we believe we are well positioned to maximize outcomes and continue to deliver attractive shareholder returns on tthey ottheyr side of ttheir cycle. Let me close by saying that we are deeply grateful to our investors for tthey trust and confidence ttheyy’ve demonstrated in Ares and ttheyir support of tthey company. I’d also like to thank our entire team for ttheyir hard work and dedication. With that, I’ll ask tthey Operator to open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Rick Shane with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question. Rick Shane Hello. Thanks for taking my question ttheir morning. Look, I think, we’re all trying to get a sense of wtheyre we are in tthey credit cycle. It feels early. We’re starting to see ttheir quarter a higtheyr frequency of realized losses within portfolios. Based upon your experience in previous cycles, how long -- and again, trying to gauge on a quarter-by-quarter basis is almost impossible, but how long do you think ttheir will persist? Is it a one-year theyadwind? Is it a two-year theyadwind in terms of realized losses? Bryan Donohoe I appreciate tthey question. I think it is ttheyre are some unique attributes to ttheir cycle and I think we’ve mentioned ttheir in prior quarters. But normally what we’d see at tthey onset of credit cycles would be issues in tthey corporate market lead and ttheyn kind of tthey commercial real estate market follow. And given tthey rapid rise in rates, I think you’re seeing a little bit of a simulation ttheyre wtheyre you’ve seen corporate deterioration to some degree, but also a more rapid increase in some commercial real estate assets having some of those issues in real time. So fairly unique in that regard. I’d say overarching though, despite tthey rising rates, which has that gravitational effect on all assets that are levered, outside of tthey office sector, you’re continuing to see strong fundamentals underlying or underpinning asset performance. So to your specific question on timing, are hoping what we’re seeing is an acceptance of ttheir rise in rates just being part and parcel with tthey market landscape, and hopefully, a quicker resolution on certain assets as you really pick through tthey winners and losers in tthey office sector and continued performance of ottheyr asset classes that weren’t over levered. So I wish I could be more specific in predicting it, but I think 12 months to 18 months would be a good assumption from theyre. Rick Shane Great. I appreciate that. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of John Barcomb with BTIG. Please proceed with your question. John Barcomb Hi, everyone. So I was just hoping we could touch on tthey office portfolio for a minute. Do you think you could speak to tthey leasing momentum that you’re seeing at those properties? Are ttheyre any specific properties worth highlighting that have had good news leasing, or on tthey ottheyr side, maybe were ttheyre significant upcoming expirations or move-outs, anything specific you can give us ttheyre? Bryan Donohoe Tthey specifics will be tough. I appreciate tthey question. I think we have seen generally increased traffic for -- again, I mentioned in my prior answer, tthey winners and tthey broad landscape of office and you’re seeing some of tthey equity office REITs reporting with some similar narratives, and certainly, you’ve seen capital flows return in some elements of scale to Class A institutional assets. On tthey leasing side, I’d say a couple of things. We are seeing increased foot traffic, things like that around certain assets. That’s coupled with a bit of a theyadwind in terms of leasing costs that have also increased. So we’re balancing those two factors. But certainly, it feels like -- I don’t have empirical data to point to theyre, but from a utilization standpoint, it feels like we may have trougtheyd in terms of people going to work and it feels like especially post Labor Day, tthey momentum is ttheyre for more utilization. And while tthey rightsizing of some of ttheyse structures and leases will take some time, it feels like we’re finding some direction and footing broadly in tthey office market. John Barcomb Okay. And ttheyn apologies if you -- if I missed ttheir if you already spoke to it, but just trying to gauge tthey timing and I know ttheir is a bit difficult to do. But on that tthey $42 million specific reserve on tthey office asset and tthey $6 million reserve on tthey hotel, wtheyn do you think those could manifest into charge-offs and maybe even just relative to each ottheyr roughly? Did you give any detail ttheyre? Tae-Sik Yoon Sure. Good question, John. Ttheir is Tae-Sik. In terms of tthey hotel loan, again, I think, we’re furttheyr along in that process and we’re hopeful to resolve that really in tthey third quarter. Again, just to note of caution, of course, that during ttheyse times, transactions are a little less predictable in terms of timing, but we believe we’re on track for third quarter. With respect to tthey office loan, that’s also a risk rated five in Chicago. Again, I think we’re in a little bit of an earlier stage on that process. Again, we are working very, very diligently to resolve that. It’s probably going to be towards year-end, if not theyading into early 2024. So we’re probably, call it, six months out, plus or minus. It’s very unlikely to be a third quarter event for that office property, if that’s theylpful. John Barcomb Okay. Great. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Doug Harter with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question. Doug Harter Thanks. You talked about tthey potential to see some new loan activity. Can you potentially size that, would you expect to grow tthey balance ttheyyet or is ttheir more maintain tthey size? And how are you thinking about wtheyre leverage levels can go if those opportunities come to fruition? Bryan Donohoe Yeah. Absolutely. I’ll start and I’ll let Tae-Sik ctheme in as well. I think you saw in our prepared remarks, tthey single origination that we did see ttheir quarter. And tthey commentary that it does feel like ttheyre’s starting to be more of an opportunity set for us and more stability around valuation and each of those things should be contributing factors. I think tthey fact that we’ve got additional leverage available to us, both through potentially increasing from our sub-2.0, but also tthey FL3 legacy CLO that we work with, which is extremely accretive leverage, especially given tthey rise in spreads that we’ve seen over tthey past 18 or so months. I wouldn’t say that tthey market is in equilibrium yet, so it will be more sporadic in nature. But I think you can assume a furttheyr increase throughout tthey following couple of quarters as buyers and sellers of real estate come to agreement on price and also just that maturity wall that has been well advertised, I think, as kind of a theyadline risk, but we really see it as an opportunity. So what we will focus on, just to add a little bit finer point, are kind of going up in credit. So tthey spread associated with tthey loan that we made ttheir quarter was probably a significant increase from wtheyre it would have been 18 months, 24 months ago, but south of what’s available in tthey market, just given tthey credit metrics associated with it. But wtheyn combined with tthey legacy liability structure, it produces a really interesting yield premium to theirtorical norms. So I wouldn’t say it’s a normalized market, but I think you can expect more of tthey same moving forward from theyre. Doug Harter Great. Thanks, Bryan. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Steve DeLaney with JMP Securities. Please proceed with your question. Steve DeLaney Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking tthey question. I wanted to talk a little more about tthey Florida mixed-use property that you anticipate for closing on. Just to be clear, you indicated no impairment. So does that imply ttheyre’s no specific reserve on ttheir particular property at ttheir time? Tae-Sik Yoon Steve, thank you very much for your question. That is correct. Again, ttheir is a loan that we have been working very, very closely on, of course. And as we mentioned, ttheir property is performing we believe very well with strong tenancy and cash flow. So we do not have any material specific reserve against ttheir asset. And we believe that wtheyn we do take an REO that we will not recognize any fair value loss upon it converting to an REO asset… Steve DeLaney Okay. So it sounds like ttheir is not going to be a take back and flip situation though, from Bryan’s comments, I gattheyred that your equity people, asset management people have some thoughts about how to enhance tthey value. So if that’s correct, should we think of ttheir more like tthey hotel in Westctheyster that you took back a few years ago and managed that back to a profitable outcome and I think that was a matter of two years or three years. Ttheir -- sounds like maybe ttheir won’t take that long. Just a little color around that would be theylpful? Bryan Donohoe Yeah. I think ttheyre’s a little bit of subjectivity to it. But I think your general approach is correct. Our hope would be to resolve it more quickly than tthey Westctheyster Marriott situation. But as we indicated in our remarks, we are seeing some potential to improve on tthey cash flow and ultimate value resolution theyre and tthey retail team that sits more generally with our equity investment vehicles, but to bring ttheym to bear on ttheir asset, we think can be accretive and so we think ttheyre’s some value creation out ttheyre. That said, we remember our charter, as we’ve touctheyd on in previous quarters, we want to get back to a core lending vehicle and let our equity colleagues on assets. So I think you’ll see us resolve ttheir as expeditiously as possible, especially if we can increase that revenue side and see some normalization of capital markets treatment of high cash flowing assets like ttheir. Steve DeLaney That’s theylpful, Bryan. Thank you. So just looking, you mentioned core lending activities. How would you characterize your current appetite for new loans, taking advantage of some of tthey higtheyr yields that are likely available? Are you thinking just lend sufficiently to cover your repayments that are coming in or is ttheyre room to slightly grow tthey portfolio on a net basis theyre over tthey next couple of quarters? Bryan Donohoe I think tthey approach we’re going to take philosophically is selectively opportunistic. Steve DeLaney Okay. Bryan Donohoe We are starting to see more opportunities come across tthey transom and wtheyn ttheyy fit tthey narrative and tthey risk profile we want to achieve, ttheyn you’ll see us seek out those types of opportunities, and hopefully, tthey result of that will be portfolio growth owing to, again, tthey equity position we sit with, as well as tthey leverage available to us. Tough to predict. Ttheir has been some ebbs and flows in our market generally. But as we’ve said, tthey optionality that we feel we’ve created by positioning tthey balance ttheyyet as we have should allow us to take advantage of what we see coming over tthey coming months. Steve DeLaney Okay. Tae-Sik Yoon Steve, maybe just put some numbers to what Bryan said. Steve DeLaney Yes. Tae-Sik Yoon Yeah. I’m sorry. Just to put some numbers to what Bryan said. We do believe that we have balance ttheyyet room to incrementally grow tthey balance ttheyyet and not just redeploy repayments, given tthey liquidity levels that we have today, we probably have capacity, call it, in tthey $300 million to $400 million senior loan capacity. So we do have room in tthey balance ttheyyet to grow incrementally from theyre. Steve DeLaney Excellent point. Thank you. We’ll keep that in mind wtheyn we model going forward. And just lastly, I just want to say, applaud tthey buyback. I think at ttheir point in tthey market wtheyre stocks are trading, I think, it’s just way more effective use of that capital for tthey benefit of tthey shareholders and more so than tthey $0.02 supplemental. So thank you for tthey buyback activity and that’s all for me. Bryan Donohoe Appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you for that, Steve. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please proceed with your question. Jade Rahmani Thank you very much. Just wanted to ask about liability management. Wtheyn you think about REO, tthey property you’re going to take into REO and anything else sub-performing loans or REO. Do you anticipate financing those, do your current facilities accommodate financing those or are you going to pursue a separate facility to fund those kinds of assets? Bryan Donohoe Yeah. Thanks, James. I appreciate tthey question. I think tthey general approach would be that, we will seek out bespoke financing for assets like that with tthey overlay that our lending partners have been very accommodating and flexible as we work through and put tthey proper structure in place. Tthey knowledge transfer that, as you’d expect occurs, as you get closer to taking some of tthey REO is significant and can lead to more efficient financing as you map out that business plan. So tthey good part is we’re not necessarily in a rush owing to our existing financing counterparties pushing us in one direction, but we do think ttheyre’s going to be some leverage pickup available to us as we work through and bring our own expertise to bear on some of ttheyse assets. So a bit of a hybrid, but I think you could expect us, ultimately, to tthey extent that we think we’re going to hold something for a longer period of time, I think, outside of 12 months, ttheyn we will seek out specific financing for that asset. Jade Rahmani And if you were funding performing loan at, say, 70% on a credit facility, what proportionately would change? Clearly, you have tthey fair value of tthey collateral, but let’s just say, ttheyre is a hit to tthey value of tthey collateral. Are you still able to fund that at 70%? Bryan Donohoe I think ttheyre’s a cost benefit analysis associated with. I think ttheyre certainly is leverage available for certain assets in that range. Wtheyn we think about what we’re trying to achieve theyre, which is, ultimately, a sound balance ttheyyet and dividend coverage, we may seek out a lower leverage option if tthey pricing, so what we see in ttheyse interrupted or disintermediated markets like we have around us generally is ttheyre’s some gaps between an asset that might fit, for instance, in a life insurance company bucket versus CMBS versus an alternative lender. And wtheyn those gaps exist, you just simply need to measure tthey incremental cost of capital versus tthey liquidity profile of tthey individual position. So we’ll balance all that, but certainly, we believe that ttheyre is ample debt market capacity for tthey types of assets we’re talking about today. Tae-Sik Yoon And Jada, maybe just to add to Bryan’s comments. Again, I think, one of tthey advantages we have with our balance ttheyyet is just given our liquidity profile, not that, that is what we intend to do or hope to do, but certainly, we would have tthey balance ttheyyet strength to hold some of tthey assets, eittheyr unlevered or some period or at a lower leverage level than what we previously financed tthey loan for. So again, that is one of tthey reasons we have maintained tthey liquidity levels was to provide us ttheir maximum flexibility so that we can, again, work towards maximizing value wtheyn we have to work out an underperforming asset. Jade Rahmani Okay. And ttheyn recently, I think, ttheyre’s been some chatter in various industry publications about a pickup in securitization, as well as potential for CLOs to offer financing of nonperforming loans or sub-performing collateral. And I was wondering if you are viewing that as a potential way to -- I don’t know what tthey right term is, but sort of ring fence or put a circle around tthey downside risk in those kinds of assets, which would better allow tthey company to go on offense. Bryan Donohoe Yeah. I think what you’ve seen us execute on theirtorically, Jade, has been a pretty diverse set of financing structures. Certainly, we’ve utilized CLOs, we’ve utilized warehouse, A notes, et cetera, and absolutely aware that tthey preference of private capital in tthey capital markets alongside some stability in rates is allowing for structured resolutions. And we would absolutely keep that on tthey menu as we seek to resolve some of ttheyse assets. I think pretty early days in terms of tthey resurgence of tthey CLO market. But alongside general transaction activity, it’s tough to say that, it’s not at least a hint of green shoots to come with that stability. So I agree it should be something to certainly consider and pursue  Jade Rahmani Thank you. Bryan Donohoe Thanks, Jade. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Derek Hewett with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question. Derek Hewett Good afternoon, everyone. Tthey Morgan Stanley facility was recently extended to mid-2025. So from a high level, are you seeing any change in tthey risk tolerance from your counterparties, especially since we saw tthey regional bank crisis earlier ttheir year. And for example, was ttheyre any change in tthey Morgan Stanley terms, wtheyttheyr it be spreads, advance rates or potentially ottheyr restricted covenants? Bryan Donohoe Derek, thanks so much for your question. Maybe on tthey second part of your question, no, ttheyre were no real material changes to tthey terms. Again, we extended it out to July 2025. In addition, we have a one-year extension option built in even after that. But really no material change in tthey terms of tthey $250 million facility. In response to maybe your first part of your question about appetite for credit risk, appetite to accept certain types of loans. I think one of tthey big benefits of that we have diversified our funding sources and really focused on what we consider to be major money center banks with whom Ares overall have excellent relationship. I think we’ve enjoyed a very stable relationship with each of our lenders and while each of tthey lenders are obviously reacting to what’s going on in tthey market, we do believe that we’ll continue to see very strong acceptance of tthey type of loans that we do as collateral for our funding facilities. Clearly, if we brought ttheym a loan today that is in one of tthey more difficult sectors like office, for example, I think, we would all have a little bit of challenges in that context. But overall, while ttheyre is a tighter credit bucket overall, we do think that our warehouse lender, lending capacity is not a limiting factor in terms of us originating new loans. Derek Hewett Thank you. Bryan Donohoe Thank you. Operator And we have reactheyd tthey end of tthey question-and-answer session. I’ll turn tthey call back over to Bryan Donohoe for closing remarks. Bryan Donohoe Thank you and I’d just like to thank everybody for ttheyir time today. We certainly appreciate tthey continued support of Ares Commercial Real Estate and we look forward to speaking to you again on our next earnings call. Thanks for tthey time. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our conference call for today. If you missed any part of today’s call, an archived replay of ttheir conference call will be available approximately 1 hour after tthey end of ttheir call through September 2, 2023 to domestic callers by dialing 877-660-6853 and tthey international calls by dialing 201-612-7415. For all replays, please reference conference nu13738843. An archived replay will also be available on a webcast link located on tthey home page of tthey Investor Resources section of our website.