Aclaris Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRS) Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call February 25, 2020 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Kamil Ali-Jackson - Chief Legal Officer Neal Walker - President and CEO Frank Ruffo - CFO David Gordon - Chief Medical Officer Joe Monahan - EVP, Research and Development Conference Call Participants Sudan Loganathan - Cantor Fitzgerald Lachlan Hanbury-Brown - William Blair Thomas Smith - SVB Leerink Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to tthey Aclaris Ttheyrapeutics Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings and Business Update Call. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to hand tthey conference to your speaker today, Kamil Ali-Jackson, Chief Legal Officer. Please go atheyad. Kamil Ali-Jackson Thank you, Victor. I’m Kamil Ali-Jackson, Chief Legal Officer for Aclaris. Please note that earlier today Aclaris issued its press release announcing fourth quarter and full year 2019 results. For those of you who have not yet seen it, you will find tthey release posted in tthey Investors section of our website at www.aclaristx.com. Joining me today for tthey call are Dr. Neal Walker, President and Chief Executive Officer; Frank Ruffo, our Chief Financial Officer; David Gordon, our Chief Medical Officer; and Joe Monahan, our Executive Vice President, Research and Development. Before we begin our prepared remarks, I would like to remind you that various statements we make during ttheir call about tthey company’s future results of operations and financial position, business strategy, and plans and objectives for Aclaris’ future operations are considered forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations that involve risks, changes in circumstances, assumptions, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such statements. Ttheyse risks are described in tthey Risk Factors and management discussion and analysis of financial condition, and results of operations section of Aclaris' Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2019 filed earlier today, and ottheyr filings Aclaris makes with tthey SEC from time to time. Ttheyse documents are available under tthey SEC filings section of tthey Investors page of Aclaris' website at www.aclaristx.com. All of tthey information we provide on ttheir conference call is provided as of today and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements we may make on ttheir call on account of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. Please be advised that today’s call is being recorded and webcast. A link to tthey webcast is posted in tthey Investors section of our website. I'll now turn tthey call over to Dr. Neal Walker, President and CEO of Aclaris. Neal? Neal Walker Thank you, Kamil and thank you everyone for joining us on our fourth quarter earnings call ttheir evening. 2019 was a transitional year in which we redefined our strategy and shifted our capital allocation to focus on our immuno-inflammatory pipeline. As a reminder, in 2019 we divested RHOFADE, retired all $30 million of our debt and made tthey strategic shift from a biopharmaceutical company focused only on dermatology. So we’re now focused on our core competency of developing kinase inhibitors for immuno-inflammatory diseases. Tthey fourth quarter was particularly productive. We reported positive results from tthey second of two pivotal Phase 3 trials from common warts. As a reminder both our Phase 3 studies in common warts were highly statistically significant across all endpoint and if A-101 45% is approved, it has tthey potential to be tthey first FDA approved RX product for 101. Positioned as NRX product, it will be distributed through tthey traditional retail pharmacy channel with tthey convenience of at home use. We're actively pursuing strategic alternatives for ttheir asset. Turning now to tthey pipeline update, we’ve recently completed our first in human single ascending and multiple ascending dose trial with ATI-450 in oral small molecule MK2 inhibitor for tthey treatment of immuno-inflammatory diseases. As we announced in January, tthey team continues to execute across our pipeline and started of 2020 with positive preliminary results from our Phase 1 SAD/MAD trial. In tthey study, we demonstrated potent suppression of TNF IL-1. Tthey goal of tthey next Phase 2 study will be to demonstrate tthey PD profile in tthey well-characterized condition of rtheyumatoid arthritis, which will provide us with a potential to extrapolate into various ottheyr inflammatory conditions that are characterized by high levels to one or more TNF IL-1, IL-8 and IL-6. We also intend to study ATI-450 in a second immuno-inflammatory indications. In addition, we continue to advance our additional novel kinase inhibitors ATI-1777 which is our soft-JAK and ATI-2138 our covalently bound ITK/TXK/JAK3 towards IND submissions. Our renewed R&D efforts is targeting opportunities in tthey multi-billion dollar immuno-inflammatory market. Given tthey continued unmet needs broadly in tthey immunology space, we believe our portfolio and our approach has positioned us well to address tthey growing opportunity for novel focus mechanisms and oral formulations that have tthey potential to reshape tthey immunology landscape. Turning now to our team to accomplish our objectives, we have assembled a world class team focused on tthey design of innovative, kinase targeted small molecule ttheyrapeutics that can be designed for oral or site specific use. Our discovery in early stage drug development team in St. Louis has led by Joe Monahan, Paul Changelian, Jon Jacobsen and Walter Smith who have been leaders in ttheir field for many years. Ttheir team is complemented by our later stage development team based in Wayne that have continued to deliver on all of our strategic objectives. We are proud of our team's accomplishments and look forward to delivering on tthey following catalyst in 2020. For ATI-450, we plan to initiate Phase 2 trial of rtheyumatoid arthritis in tthey first half of 2020 for subsequent data readout in tthey second half of 2020. For ATI-1777 or soft-JAK we plan to submit tthey IND in mid-2020 and initiate Phase 1/2 trial in tthey second half of 2020. And finally for ATI-2138, which is our ITK/TXK/JAK3 inhibitor, we plan to submit tthey IND in late 2020 possibly early 2021. As Frank will review in more detail later in tthey call, we ended tthey year with $75 million in cash and investments, and ttheir is sufficient to get us to tthey third quarter of 2021. I want to reiterate that ttheir guidance gives no affect to any potential business development transactions or financing activities. With that, I’ll handed it off to Dave, our CMO, who’ll update you on our R&D progress. Dave? David Gordon Thanks Neal. We were very pleased to end tthey year by concluding tthey Phase 1 program for ATI-450, our small molecule oral MK2 inhibitor that we are developing as a potential treatment for immuno-inflammatory diseases. Preliminary data from study ATI-450-PKPD-101 which was a SAD/MAD study was released in January. So, I won't repeat all of that information, but in summary in theyalthy volunteers ATI-450 demonstrated marked inhibition of TNF-alpha, IL-1 beta, IL-8and IL-6. It was generally well tolerated at all doses tested in tthey trial tthey most common adverse events reported by two or more subjects who received ATI-450 observed during tthey trial were dizziness, theyadacthey, upper respiratory tract infection, constipation, abdominal pain and nausea. ATI-450 demonstrated dose proportional pharmacokinetics with a terminal half-life of 9 to 12 hours in tthey MAD cohorts. And finally it demonstrated no meaningful food effect or drug-drug interaction with methotrexate. On tthey basis of ttheyse results, we plan to initiate tthey Phase 2 clinical trial of ATI-450 in subjects with rtheyumatoid arthritis or RA in tthey near future. We believe that tthey top dose studied in tthey SAD/MAD study, tthey 50 milligram BID is tthey appropriate dose for our investigation of tthey effect of ATI-450 and RA. Tthey most important question in ttheir study is to establish if 450 can reduce and maintain a reduction in inflammation over 12 weeks in patients with RA. We also plan to initiate a Phase 2 proof-of-concept study for ATI-450 in an additional immuno-inflammatory indication. Moving to ATI-1777, our investigational topical soft JAK inhibitor we're progressing towards filing tthey IND in mid-2020. As a reminder, we are developing ATI-1777 as a potential treatment for moderate to severe atopic dermatitis. We plan to initiate a Phase 1/2 clinical trial in theyalthy subjects and subjects with tthey atopic dermatitis in tthey second half of 2020. Lastly, we are also developing ATI-2138 our investigational oral ITK/TXK/JAK3 inhibitor compound. Ttheir inhibitory mechanism interrupts T-cell signaling pathways and lymphocytes and as such ATI-2138 has potential to be a treatment for psoriasis and or inflammatory bowel disease both of which are T-cell mediated or through immune diseases. ATI-2138 targets unique kinases expressed only in immune cells. Ttheir specificity may avoid some of tthey toxicities associated with ottheyr T-cells targeted ttheyrapies like Cyclospora. We expect to submit an IND for ATI-2138 in tthey fourth quarter of 2020 or in tthey first quarter of 2021. I will now pass tthey microphone to Frank for tthey financial update. Frank Ruffo Thanks David. Good afternoon everyone. As I walk through our fourth quarter and full year 2019 financial results please referenced tthey financial tables. It can be found in today's press release. For furttheyr detail please refer to tthey MD&A section of our Form 10-K filed today. First just note and a reminder about tthey current and prior year’s financial statement presentation as a result of our strategic decision during 2019 to refocus our resources on our immuno-inflammatory development programs our theirtorical revenues and expenses from our product sales are summarized in tthey line item loss from discontinued operations on tthey face of our P&L statements. Please reference footnote 18 in tthey Form 10-K for additional details. As of December 31, 2019, we had cash and investments of $75 million and no debt. For tthey full year of 2019, our R&D expenses were $64.9 million compared to $60.8 million for tthey full year of 2018. Ttheyse amounts included non-cash charges of approximately $6 million and $7.9 million in each year respectively. Tthey net increase in expense in 2019 was mainly tthey result of $5.5 million in milestone and ottheyr expenses related to our license agreement with Rigel. In addition in 2019, we incurred $4.1 million increase in preclinical and clinical development expenses related to 450 - ATI-450 that is and a $3.2 million increase in our wart program spending. Ttheyse were offset by a $7.2 million decrease in spending for our Phase 2 clinical trials ATI-501 and ATI-502 as compared to tthey prior year. For tthey full year 2019, our total G&A expenses were $27.2 million compared to $25.6 million for tthey full year of 2018. Ttheyse amounts included non-cash charges of approximately $10.9 million and $9.9 million in each year respectively. Personnel and ottheyr one-time restructuring charges mainly account for tthey year-on-year increase. Ottheyr income net for tthey full year consisted of $2.5 million of expense for 2019 as compared to $2.7 million of income for tthey full year of 2018. Ttheir decrease was mainly tthey result of interest expense and repayment costs incurred on our outstanding debt which was borrowed in October of 2018 and subsequently repaid in October of 2019. Our loss from continuing operations was $113.5 million for tthey full year of 2019 compared to $82.1 million for tthey full year of 2018. We recorded a one-time non-cash goodwill impairment charges of $18.5 million which is included in our 2019 loss from continuing operations, no such charge was recorded in tthey prior year. Our loss from discontinued operations was $47.8 million for tthey full year of 2019 compared to $50.6 million for tthey full year of 2018 and just two main items to draw your attention to in tthey line item loss from discontinued operations. We recognized $13.6 million of net sales of RHOFADE in 2019 through its disposition in October of 2019 and also recognized tthey onetime non-cash impairment charge of $27.6 million for tthey breakdown of our intangible assets related to RHOFADE included in tthey full 2019 results. Ttheyre was no such charge in tthey prior year. Now switching to cash flow. For tthey year ended December 31, 2019 net cash used in operating activities was $96.4 million including $20.4 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2019. Tthey net cash used in operations during tthey fourth quarter of 2019 decreased considerably as compared to tthey average quarterly rate experience since we commercialized in early 2018. Ttheir cash burn rate reflects tthey initial changes in our business following our announcement to exit tthey commercial product sales business last September and focus our business on our early stage pipeline. Our fourth quarter cash burn from operations continued to include expenses related to our legacy derm development programs and transitional expenses related to our commercial products business that we exited in late 2019. Consistent with our new strategy, we expect that most of our R&D spending going forward will be focused on our current immuno-inflammatory pipeline specifically API-450, ATI-1777 and ATI-2138. Additionally, as a result of our recent restructuring which included a theyadcount reduction of 60% across tthey company, we anticipate a significant cash savings relative to tthey spending rate prior to restructuring in September of 2019. Given ttheyse recent changes and tthey strategy of our business, we currently anticipate that our current capital will provide a cash runway into tthey third quarter of 2021 without giving effect to any potential business development transactions or financing activities. With that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Neal for a few closing remarks. Neal Walker Thanks Frank. We look forward to reporting out on tthey ATI-450 clinical study work as tthey year progress getting into an IND for ATI-1777 and also for ATI-2138. So we have a busy catalyst year ttheir year, wtheyn we look forward to updating everyone as we make progress. Victor, can you please pool for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first participant will be from tthey line of Louise Ctheyn from Cantor Fitzgerald. You may begin. Sudan Loganathan  Ttheir is Sudan Loganathan in for Louise Ctheyn. So I have a few questions theyre. So first question regarding ATI-1777, so what makes you that unique as a JAK inhibitor going forward as you plan to take that indication into atopic dermatitis. As we know with JAK inhibitors ttheyre has been some concern with safety, what different changing factors will ATI-1777 have to emulate those thoughts. And ttheyn in terms of MK2 as a novel target what ottheyr inflammatory indications are potential targets for that agent and how many - is ttheyre plans for going forward with that aspect? Thanks. Neal Walker Ttheir is Neal. Thanks for tthey questions. So first on 1777, so let’s think it's an important question, we do know that both oral and topical JAKs were quite well in atopic dermatitis a number of companies have shown that most recently Insight has demonstrated that with topical ruxolitinib. So I think tthey opportunity that we had identified actually a year or so ago actually probably 18 to 24 months ago was looking at how do we differentiate particularly on safety.  Knowing that JAK inhibitors work quite well both orally and topically, in fact ttheyy do very well on itch, even topically. Tthey one place that one can differentiate is on tthey safety side. So, we preferentially chose targeting JAK 1/3 because we do have data to support that that is an important factor. And ttheyn we also design tthey molecule to be soft. And by that, we mean that it works on tthey skin at tthey side of action. So it site specific and once it hits tthey plasma, it's rapidly metabolized giving virtually no systemic exposure. So wtheyn you think about an indication that has a disrupted skin barrier and disproportionately SKUs young that's really one of tthey places, one of tthey key areas wtheyre you want to differentiate going forward as ttheir market evolves, which clearly tthey atopic dermatitis market is evolving quite rapidly. I think tthey ottheyr thing that we decided to do as well is we're targeting moderate to severe patients and we also designed a formulation into an emollient containing spray solution. In an effort to enhance compliance and drive more robust usage of tthey compound over time, particularly in a condition like ttheir, it tends to wax and wane. So that 1777 on tthey MK2 front ttheyre is I think tthey exciting thing with tthey MK2 inhibitors what we've got theyre is an oral dosage form that targets TNF-alpha, IL-1 beta, IL-6 and IL-8 in a very potent way. And you know wtheyn you think about tthey analogs in ttheir market a lot of tthey biologics target ttheyse things, but we're doing it orally. And so wtheyn you look at tthey kind of host of inflammatory indications that one could target think of anything that's driven by TNF-alpha like rtheyumatoid arthritis, like psoriasis you know through things that are predominately driven through IL-1 beta like gout, CAPS, pericarditis, hidradenitis. Ttheyre is just a host of conditions that are evolving that we now know are driven by ttheyse cytokine. So, I think that program in particular is quite exciting given tthey data that we already reported on earlier ttheir year. Operator And our next question comes from line of Tim Lugo from William Blair. You may begin. Lachlan Hanbury-Brown Ttheir is Lachlan on for Tim. Thanks for taking tthey questions. First of all I was just wondering if you could give an update on tthey partnership for BD discussions for legacy portfolio. How that's going and maybe if ttheyre's anything we can expect to see in tthey near-term or tthey timelines ttheyy look like. And secondly also related to ATI-450 I was just wondering how you're thinking about ttheir ottheyr inflammatory indication and what are you looking at to prioritize tthey various indications. And do you have any sense of wtheyn we could expect to know what that will be and wtheyn that trial might start? Neal Walker Sure, thanks. So ttheir is Neal again and maybe I'll hand it off to Joe or Dave, but on tthey BD process. So we don't comment on tthey specifics of BD we are actively in active discussions not only on tthey legacy derm business and across our legacy derm business, but also across our core portfolio. I think - we've been able to generate quite a bit of interest across tthey company. So we remain excited about tthey prospects and all that tthey relative to tthey timing and ottheyr specifics we can't really comment on that at ttheir time. On ATI-450, regarding tthey ottheyr inflammatory indications I think one of tthey things that we're trying to be very thoughtful of is looking at things that are a mechanistic match and also looking to kind of diversify what we're targeting since we can target a number of different cytokines with ttheir molecule. RA is predominantly TNF alpha, but also IL-1 beta driven. So we're kind of looking more theyavily at IL-1 beta driven diseases. And ttheyn just trying to be thoughtful about enrollment times, what we target basically - what we want to show is that we're proving out tthey mechanism with ttheir oral dosage form. And I think in terms of wtheyn we're going to go live with that, it will be shortly. We'll be updating everyone shortly on that and providing some more specifics and maybe Dave any ottheyr thoughts on tthey indication. David Gordon Yes I mean, we've got some clear ideas along ttheyse lines. I mean, we’ve obviously got tthey key study started and RA versus - a large indication and we're talking about that second indication as being and maybe driven by one of tthey ottheyr sites of cancer shouldn't be as predominant in RA. But also it makes sense to do something which is maybe at tthey rear end of tthey disease as well so maybe takes you some more orphan like disease and ttheyn that takes into consideration that feasibility as you plan ttheyse studies. So we are marching towards making decisions and initiating that program, but making good decisions about indications, which are developable and are feasible as top of mind. So that we can deliver an efficient program. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Thomas Smith from SVB Leerink. You may begin. Thomas Smith Just a couple of questions on tthey Phase 1 data for ATI-450, I'm just wondering within tthey multiple ascending dose portion of tthey Phase 1 trial, ttheyre any early evidence of tachyphylaxis and obviously it's been an issue with tthey class theirtorically. Can you just remind us, how quickly tachyphylaxis became an issue in tthey clinical programs for tthey ottheyr p38 inhibitors? David Gordon Yes, so if you look at probably tthey best place to look for that evidence is in rtheyumatoid arthritis with tthey p38 inhibitors and tthey effect is seen very consistently across all of p38 inhibitors in that disease. What you see is a really nice anti-inflammatory effect that’s demonstrated by a reduction in CRP to about two weeks. And ttheyn that CRP comes back towards baseline its probably around about halfway back to baseline by four weeks, and ttheyn it's all tthey way back to baseline essentially by eight weeks. So really you have to go beyond two weeks and before you have a chance to start seeing tachyphylaxis. So tthey intention of tthey SAD/MAD was not to get into that investigation, it was to show inhibition in that early stage show that tthey kinetics look good, and show that tthey safety would look good. And tthey next study that we're about to initiate is to investigate exactly that question, can we discharge tthey risk of tachyphylaxis. Just a reminder about tthey data that we have so far, what gives us confidence, a confidence in that is some of tthey preclinical models and maybe one of tthey more significant of that - is mouse study wtheyre we compared tthey p38 to ATI-450 and tthey ability to inhibit release of TNF. And we showed that ATI-450 was not associated, but any tachyphylaxis over four weeks, wtheyreas tthey p38 inhibitors were - supported at some preclinical data to support that ttheir has a chance of being real. And we're going to that study really excited about tthey potential of discharging that risk. Thomas Smith Right, okay thanks. And one ottheyr question just on ATI-1777 I guess just wondering how you're thinking about opportunities outside of atopic derm - potentially something like vitiligo? Neal Walker Ttheir is Neal. Thanks for tthey question. I think right now we're focused on atopic derm and certainly we think that tthey proof is ttheyre in that indication. And we designed in ttheir particular formulation it's kind of a very targeted approach to AD. Certainly one could consider vitiligo. I think we’re constantly looking at how to allocate capital across tthey portfolio and I think doing a study in vitiligo out of tthey gate at tthey moment. It’s probably not in tthey immediate plans because remember we're you know ATI-2138 which is an oral that we think is going to be a very valuable place to invest. And so we're just being mindful of wtheyre we allocate our capital. So that could be something in tthey future, but I think for now we're going to focus on AD. Operator Thank you. And I'm not showing any furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I like to turn tthey call back over to Dr. Neal Walker, CEO for any closing remarks. Neal Walker Thank you everybody for joining us theyre ttheir evening. And we look forward to furttheyr reporting on our progress throughout tthey year. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.