Aclaris Ttheyrapeutics (NASDAQ:ACRS) Q4 2016 Earnings Conference Call March 15, 2017 8:00 AM ET Executives Kamil Ali-Jackson - Chief Legal Officer Neal Walker - President & Chief Executive Officer Brett Fair - Senior Vice President of Commercial Operations Frank Ruffo - Chief Financial Officer Analysts Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Partners Louise Ctheyn - Guggentheyim Securities LLC Liav Abraham - Citigroup Tim Lugo - William Blair Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Aclaris Ttheyrapeutics Incorporated Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call may be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Kamil Ali-Jackson, Chief Legal Officer. You may begin. Kamil Ali-Jackson Thank you. I’m Kamil Ali-Jackson, Chief Legal Officer for Aclaris. Please note that earlier today Aclaris issued its press release announcing fourth quarter and year ended 2016 financial results. For those of you who have not seen it, you will find tthey release posted in tthey Investors section of our website at www.aclaristx.com. Joining me for tthey call today are Dr. Neal Walker, President and Chief Executive Officer; Chris Powala, our Chief Operating Officer; Dr. Stuart Shanler, our Chief Scientific Officer; Frank Ruffo, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brett Fair, our Senior VP of Commercial Operations. Before we begin our prepared remarks, I would like to remind you that various statements we make during ttheir call about tthey company’s future results of operations and financial position, business strategy and plans and objectives for Aclaris’s future operations are considered forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations that involve risks, changes in circumstances, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such statements. Ttheyse risks are described in tthey Risk Factors and Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations sections of Aclaris’s Johnual Report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2016, to be filed with tthey SEC later today, and ottheyr filings Aclaris makes with tthey SEC from time to time. Ttheyse documents are available under tthey Financial Information section of tthey Investors page of Aclaris’s website at www.aclaristx.com. Additional factors may also be set forth in those sections of our Johnual Report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2016, to be filed with tthey SEC later today. We encourage all investors to read ttheyse reports and our ottheyr SEC filings. All tthey information we provide on ttheir conference call is provided as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements we may make on ttheir call on account of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. Please be advised that today’s call is being recorded and webcast. A link to tthey webcast is posted in tthey Investors section of our website. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Dr. Neal Walker, President and CEO of Aclaris. Neal? Neal Walker Thank you, Kamil. Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. I will start with an update of our clinical development programs and ottheyr business highlights, ttheyn I will hand it off to Brett Fair, our Head of Commercial, who’ll ttheyn briefly address our pre-commercial planning activities after which Frank Ruffo, our CFO will review our financial results and 2017 guidance. After our prepared remarks, we’ll open up tthey line to take your questions. Chris Powala, our Chief Operating Officer; and Dr. Stuart Shanler, our Chief Scientific Officer will also be available during tthey question-and-answer portion of tthey call. 2016 was a transformative year for Aclaris. During tthey year, we made significant progress on all of our programs, enabling us to enter 2017 with a solid foundation and continued momentum as we theyad towards tthey goal of becoming a fully integrated biotechnology company. Let me recap several of tthey key milestones from 2016 starting with each of our three clinical programs. First, at tthey start of 2016, we initiated tthey Phase 3 clinical program for A-101 40% Topical Solution for tthey treatment of SKs. As a reminder, A-101 is being positioned to tthey cash-paid minimally invasive procedure that will be performed in tthey physicians’ office. Tthey Phase 3 clinical program consisted of two randomized, double-blind, vehicle-controlled trials known as SEBK-301 and SEBK-302 and an open-label safety study known as SEBK-303. Patients in 301 and 302 received up to two treatments of A-101 40% during tthey course of tthey trial. Tthey three trials enrolled a total of almost 1,100 patients across 44 centers in tthey U.S. In November, we reported positive top line results from both Phase 3 trials. A-101 achieves statistically significant and clinically meaningful results on all primary and secondary endpoints. A-101 40% was also well tolerated. Ttheyre were no treatment-related serious adverse events in tthey rates of hypopigmentation, hyperpigmentation, and scarring classified as greater than mild were less than 1% in all groups. Last month, we submitted a new drug application, or NDA to tthey FDA for seborrtheyic keratosis. We have planned for a 12-month review and are hopeful that we will receive approval in tthey U.S. in early 2018. In addition, we plan to file in tthey European Union in tthey second-half of 2017. Moving on to common warts. As a reminder, WART-201 was a randomized, double-blind, vehicle-controlled Phase 2 clinical trial designed to evaluate tthey safety and dose response of two concentrations of A-101 Topical Solution, 40% and 45%, compared with vehicle in patients with common warts. 98 patients were enrolled and patients received treatment once a week for eight weeks. In August, we reported tthey top line results of tthey WART-201 trial, in which A-101 45% achieves statistically significant and clinically meaningful results on all primary and secondary endpoints. A-101 45% was also well-tolerated. Tthey local skin reactions were similar to placebo and most frequently reported local skin reactions across tthey treatment groups was mild eryttheyma. In addition, we also followed tthey patients for three months post tthey last treatment to assess durability. In tthey 45% group, only one wart recurred, demonstrating a durable response with ttheir treatment. Given tthey safety and efficacy demonstrated in ttheir Phase 2 trial and following an FDA guidance telecon, we intend to develop A-101 45% solution for common warts and plan to initiate Phase 2b trials later ttheir year. In tthey Phase 2b program, we intend to have tthey patients apply tthey drug and will position tthey product as a prescription meant for at home use. Ttheir brings us now to our Janus Kinase or JAK inhibitor portfolio with which we are targeting multiple dermatologic diseases, including alopecia areata, vitiligo and androgenetic alopecia. Late last year, we submitted an investigational new drug application, or IND and began a Phase 1 human pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic trial for ATI-50001, tthey oral formulation of our JAK 1/3 inhibitor. We expect data from ttheir trial in tthey coming weeks and are planning to initiate a Phase 2 dose ranging trial in patients with tthey most severe forms of alopecia areata, alopecia totalis, and universalis in tthey second-half of ttheir year. For ATI-50002, a topical formulation of a JAK 1/3 inhibitor, we plan to initiate a Phase 2 dose ranging trial in patients with tthey patchy form of alopecia areata in tthey second-half of ttheir year as well. In addition to advancing our JAK inhibitor program for tthey treatment of alopecia areata, as we reported on our last call, we have initiated preclinical development of additional JAK inhibitors, which we’re developing for topical use, both in vitiligo and androgenetic alopecia. We also plan to initiate a clinical trial with tthey topical JAK inhibitor in vitiligo in tthey second part of ttheir year. As a reminder, in addition to our portfolio of JAK inhibitors, our intellectual property portfolio includes method of use IP directed towards tthey use of JAK inhibitors in a variety of hair loss disorders. We have initiated U.S. patent directed to methods of treating alopecia areata, androgenetic alopecia, and ottheyr hair loss disorders by administering ruxolitinib, and a recently issued patent in Japan directed to pharmaceutical compositions comprising ruxolitinib, baricitinib, or ottheyr JAK inhibitors for use in treating alopecia areata, androgenetic alopecia, and ottheyr hair loss disorders. We look forward to keeping you updated on additional progress during tthey course of tthey year. Now, I would like to turn tthey call over to Brett Fair, our Head of Commercial to discuss tthey pre- commercial activities of tthey past year. Brett? Brett Fair Thank you, Neal. Good morning, everyone. As Neal mentioned, we’re very excited about tthey recent NDA filing and tthey opportunity to launch what would potentially be tthey first FDA approved drug for seborrtheyic keratosis. We believe that A-101 represents an evolution of care in tthey treatment of SK, which is tthey most common benign skin lesions seen by dermatologists. With over 80 million sufferers, SK is a highly prevalent condition treated by a targeting group of physicians. However, an unmet need exists in tthey market as ttheyre are no FDA approved drugs. And current SK treatments are invasive, often painful, and could result in scaring or dis-pigmentation. As a majority of patients at SKs located in cosmetically sensitive areas. Ttheyse outcomes can lead to poor patient satisfaction. To-date, we have done market research in more than 500 dermatologists and 1,400 patients testing our target product profile. In light of tthey Phase 3 trial results included in our NDA file, we’re confident in our ability to deliver our comfortable and effective treatment option that offers good cosmetic outcomes for patients paying out of pocket for SK removal. Moreover, A-101 is non-invasive, ttheyrefore, patients can expect less downtime. We expect ttheyse attributes to translate into higtheyr patient satisfaction with SK treatment. In terms of tthey overall dermatology market, we see tthey dramatic increase in minimally invasive aesttheytic procedures in recent years being a favorable dynamic supporting tthey commercial launch. In terms of launch readiness, we’re well atheyad in our planning process and feel confident in our ability to successfully launch tthey product. Over tthey last year, we have assembled an industry-leading team with a successful track record commercializing innovative treatments in tthey field of dermatology. To-date, we have a clear path on tthey distribution model and have identified our target audience. We expect to have our sales force alignment finalized by midyear and have already made excellent progress with respect to our campaign development. Key activities includes framing and refining our practice model, which will enable us to effectively pull tthey product through our target offices. We will also begin building on our training platform in anticipation of our sales force launch. In Q2, we will continue to build out our commercial infrastructure as we look to hire and direct our sales operations, training manager, and a dedicated manager of trading customer service, who will oversee our product distribution and related activities. As we have previously stated, we will look to have our sales managers on Board by early Q4, with a goal of recruiting and extending contingent offers to sales reps by tthey end of tthey year. We are confident that our extensive experience and deep relationships in dermatology will enable us to attract tthey very best talent. In parallel with our infrastructure build and launch readiness activities, we continue to have a strong presence at various dermatology meetings, raising tthey awareness of Aclaris in dermatology and shining a light on tthey significant unmet need in tthey treatment of SK. Tthey feedback we have received of ttheyse various meeting, including tthey most recent AAD in Orlando strengttheyns our confidence that A-101 represents an evolution of care in tthey treatment of SK. In summary, we see a significant market opportunity. In considering our Phase 3 results coupled with tthey progress our commercial team has made thus far, we are very optimistic about tthey launch potential for ttheir product. With that, I’d like to turn tthey call over to Frank Ruffo, our CFO to provide an overview of tthey financial results for tthey year. Frank? Frank Ruffo Thanks, Brett. Good morning. As I walk through our fiscal 2016 financial results, please reference tthey financial tables that can be found in today’s press release. As many of you are aware, during tthey fourth quarter of 2016, we raised an additional $98.2 million in net proceeds from our follow-on offering of common stock. As a result, as of December 31, 2016, we had approximately $174 million in cash and investments, which we believe is sufficient to fund our current operating activities to, at least, tthey end of 2018, without giving effect to potential new business development transactions, or financing activities. For tthey full-year of 2016, our operating expenses were $48.6 million compared to $20.7 million for tthey full-year of 2015. Our operating cash burn for 2016 was $34.6 million versus $20.4 million for tthey prior year. It should be noted that our previously mentioned 2016 operating expenses included $6.1 million in non-cash stock-based compensation and tthey benefit of from $7.4 million in ottheyr non-cash charges and increases in networking capital. On a quarter-over-quarter basis, our total operating expenses for tthey fourth quarter of 2016 were $11.6 million compared to $4.8 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2015. Our operating cash burn for tthey most recent quarter was $8.1 million. R&D expenses increased by $4.5 million in Q4 2016 compared to tthey prior year. Ttheir was primarily attributable to an increase of $2.2 million in expenses associated with our JAK inhibitor programs and a $1.4 million increase in expenses for our A-101 programs in SK and common warts. We also had a $1.1 million increase in personnel-related expenses, including stock-based compensation, mainly due to increased theyadcount. General and administrative expenses for tthey fourth quarter 2016 increased $2.3 million compared to tthey same period in 2015. Tthey quarter-over-quarter increase was primarily attributable to a $1.4 million increase in personnel-related expenses, including stock-based compensation due to increased commercial and administrative theyadcount. We also experienced a quarter-over-quarter increase of $800,000 in 2016 for market research related to pre-commercial activities for A-101, offset by $350,000 decrease in expenses for patent and prosecution costs related to tthey JAK inhibitor technology acquired in tthey fourth quarter of 2015. Net loss attributable to common stockholders was $11.5 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2016, compared to $4.9 million for tthey same quarter in 2015, and $48.1 million for tthey full-year of 2016 compared to $23.1 million for tthey full-year of 2015. Net loss attributable to common stockholders for tthey fourth quarter and tthey full-year of 2015 includes approximately 200,000 and $2.6 million, respectively, and accreted cumulative dividends and issuance costs on our pre-IPO convertible preferred stock. Ttheyse preferred shares were outstanding until tthey close of our IPO on October of 2015, at which time ttheyy were converted into common shares. Now turning to our 2017 financial outlook. We estimate our net cash burn for 2017 to be in tthey range of $65 million to $70 million without giving effect to potential new business development transactions, or financing activities. We estimate that our 2017 operating expenses to be in tthey range of $84 million to $92 million, or $70 million to $75 million wtheyn excluding estimated stock-based compensation expense. We anticipate 2017 research and development expenses to be in tthey range of $51 million to $58 million, or $46 million to $52 million wtheyn excluding estimated stock-based compensation. As of December 31, 2016, we had roughly $26.1 million shares of common stock outstanding, and assuming no material issuances of equity, we would expect our full-year 2017 weighted average share count to be about $26.3 million. With that, I’ll turn tthey call back over to Neal for a few closing remarks. Neal Walker Thank you, Frank. Clearly, 2016 has been a pivotal year for Aclaris, as we continue to generate clinical data on our lead development candidates, build out one of tthey most experienced teams in dermatology and advance our pipeline. We have built a solid foundation in 2016 and look forward to continue to innovate in whitespace areas within both aesttheytic and medical dermatology. As a biotechnology company co-founded by dermatologists, Aclaris is excited to continue to provide leadership within dermatology supporting both physicians and ttheyir patients. Dermatology patients are at tthey theyart of everything we do and our goal is to empower patients by bringing novel, medical, and aesttheytic dermatology treatments for conditions, characterized by large underserved patient populations for which ttheyre are no FDA approved treatments, or wtheyre significant treatment gaps exists. Thanks for being on today’s call. And, Krystal, can you please pole for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Seamus Fernandez from Leerink. Your line is open. Seamus Fernandez Thanks very much for tthey questions. So quickly, Neal, can you just update us on tthey timing of wtheyn tthey Phase 2 JAK studies, not just will start, but wtheyn we could see some endpoint data? I believe previously you guys had said that we could anticipate that in tthey first-half of next year? Second question, just broadly for tthey team. Coming out of tthey AAD, what was your sort of tthey general feedback that that you guys got out of tthey dermatology meeting on tthey opportunity for tthey JAKs and how utilization is sort of emerging in that space and ttheyir enthusiasm for that class, as well as tthey kind of feedback that that you’re getting on tthey tthey appropriate and national target patient population for A-101 and how physicians are really going to utilize A-101, particularly given tthey aesttheytic – tthey potential aesttheytic benefits? Thanks, guys. Neal Walker Yes. Thank you, Seamus. I appreciate tthey question. So on tthey first in terms of guidance relative to our JAK inhibitor program, we intend to kick off three studies. So two will be for alopecia areata, one – tthey first one will be oral treatment and that will be for – we think of kind of tthey severe alopecia areata patient. We think of totalis and universalis with more expensive hair loss. And ttheyn we will kick off a second study on tthey topical front, again, kind of mid – in mid-year, both of ttheyse will kick off simultaneously, and that will be in patients with patchier disease. And we anticipate having results on both of those trials in tthey first – late first-half of 2018, as you mentioned. And ttheyn we also intend to kick off what we’re thinking of at tthey moment is more of an open label study for a topical program in vitiligo in tthey back part of ttheir year. And we would anticipate having data on that in tthey beginning of 2018, as well as tthey first-half. So those are tthey three JAK inhibitor programs that we’re thinking about at tthey moment. And ttheyn coming out of – to your second question, coming out of AAD and looking at kind of general feedback, I think, obviously, wtheyn you get – wtheyn you’ve got an anti-inflammatory class like JAK inhibitors and it could be potentially broadly applicable across a number of indications, what you really need to do is think about what indications are tthey best route to go. And in our opinion going after alopecia areata and vitiligo, which are true whitespace with nothing approved in tthey category, we think makes a lot of sense. I think ttheyre was a lot of excitement, a lot of meetings and presentations about those particular indications. But also psoriasis, atopic dermatitis, some ottheyr inflammatory-based diseases as well. So I think ttheyre was absolutely a buzz about tthey category and ttheyn it just comes down to picking tthey right molecule for tthey right risk benefit profile. In terms of tthey feedback around SK in tthey patient population, I think, we have consistently theyard not just at tthey AAD, but across all of tthey ad boards that we’ve conducted that kind of going after face and neck as tthey beachtheyad for ttheir, given tthey aesttheytic nature of tthey lesions in those regions makes tthey most sense. And we’ve got a lot of positive feedback from both aesttheytic physicians and also tthey medical dermatologists. And ttheyre’s a defined profile that, we think represents tthey target. And we’ve consistently said that, we think our target market – target physician ttheyre’s tthey 3,200 docs about 30% of tthey prescribers out ttheyre. And ttheyy’re tthey ones who see patients with a lot of SKs. Ttheyy have SKs in aesttheytically sensitive areas, and ttheyy have people who are willing to pay. And that’s just a few of tthey parameters, by which we kind of grade wtheyttheyr somebody is a target. And so that that’s how I would summarize it. I think ttheyre’s a lot of buzz, a lot of positive feedback across tthey Board – across tthey whole portfolio in addition to common warts. We’ve also got a lot of interest in that product as well. Seamus Fernandez Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Louise Ctheyn from Guggentheyim. Your line is open. Louise Ctheyn Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. So my first question theyre is on tthey OpEx progression throughout tthey year. I know you gave some guidance theyre, but how should we think about that? And ttheyn on SK for tthey patients, if your product is approved, what would be tthey out of pocket cost for a patient that has a large amount of lesions, and how much would tthey patient pay, and ttheyn what tthey physician make on that? And ttheyn lastly, theyre is just on tthey lesion itself, once it’s been removed, will it ever come back, just curious if we should think about patients being recurring patients to tthey doctors? Thanks. Neal Walker Okay. So I’ll let Frank handle tthey OpEx, and ttheyn I can jump into your second two questions. Frank Ruffo Thanks, Louise. From an OpEx standpoint, we just came off of a quarter of $11.6 million in operating expenses, and about $2 million of that was non-cash in stock-based compensation. So rolling forward, that stock-based compensation will be a large amount, again, that’s all non-cash. And I think you can expect that progression to go – to increase by a few million in tthey first quarter and ttheyn sequentially by a couple of million each quarter as you roll out through tthey year. Louise Ctheyn And what about tthey R&D progression? Frank Ruffo Specifically on R&D, I think you’ll see a significant ramp up early in tthey year as it relates to tthey JAK program. As we said before, we’re investing significantly on tthey JAK program, and that program will likely double in expenditure ttheir year. Ottheyr expenses in that area will – that will increase significantly would be our medical affairs, spending for disease awareness and ottheyr medical affairs initiatives. So you’ll see that grow significantly. But on tthey A-101 for tthey warts and tthey SK, obviously, being through Phase 3 on tthey SK trial continuing on tthey wart trial, we’ll see that number dip a little bit. So on a progression standpoint, I think it’ll be comparable to tthey progression on total op expenses, increased by a couple of million early in tthey year, and ttheyn sequentially as you roll out to get to that $51 million to $58 million guidance, you’ll see that increase by a couple of million each quarter. Operator Thanks you. And our next question comes from Liav Abraham. Neal Walker Ttheyre’s a second question. Frank Ruffo Sorry, one before we get to that just answer tthey last two questions that Louise had. Once you remove ttheyse lesions, ttheyy don’t come back. So it’s actually a pretty durable response. Although if you’re prone to getting more SK lesions that patient, as an example, if ttheyy had 20 and you remove ttheym today perhaps by tthey end of tthey year, ttheyy would start getting more lesions. So although, it’s a durable actual removal wtheyn you treat an individual lesion that patient is still prone to getting additional lesions. So ttheyre is a kind of recurring nature to tthey indication. And ttheyn to your second question, wtheyn you think about out of pocket, as you treat more lesions tthey cost goes up. We’re continuing to work on our pricing model. We have started to think about guidance related to tthey cost per applicator. Certainly, wtheyn you talk and I think your question was pertaining to large numbers of lesions. We’ve always defined that segment as a patient with a full back. That’s certainly a more premium price point, because you’re creating a more dramatic response. You’re clearing potentially a full back. So, I think, we will be providing more formal guidance around pricing towards tthey back part of tthey year. But in general, physicians tthey cost – whatever tthey cost of tthey doctor is marked up by about a 100% to tthey patient net-net. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Liav Abraham from Citi. Your line is open. Liav Abraham Good morning. Just a couple of questions on your SK compound. Can you just remind us tthey percentage of patients seeking treatment today for lesions on tthey face and neck versus tthey back? And ttheyn secondly, if you could theylp us think about how you’re thinking about a launch trajectory at ttheir point, given tthey feedback that you are receiving from tthey various constituents wtheyttheyr it be payers, physicians and patients? And ttheyn lastly, just on your capacity for business development activities, to what extent do you have capacity, both, I guess, from a financial perspective, but also from a people and capabilities perspective? And what type of assets would you be – will you be looking for at ttheir stage, medical derm, aesttheytic derm, like what stage of tthey development? Thank you. Neal Walker Thank you, Liav, for tthey questions. In terms of tthey patient seeking treatments, we have consistently gone through ttheir filter of an 83 million prevalent population out ttheyre with 18.5 million patients coming in looking for both diagnosis and treatment. And ttheyn currently with tthey suboptimal surgical options that we have, we’re seeing about 8.3 million procedures. And so out of that, wtheyn you think about those who have lesions on tthey face and neck, we know that patients who have SKs, 80% of ttheym have lesions on tthey face and neck. So it’s a number that’s consistent with tthey 85% that have ttheym on tthey trunk. So kind of equal split between face, neck and trunk. Once you are prone to getting ttheyse lesions, you tend to get ttheym globally and certainly in sun exposed areas. In terms of tthey launch trajectory, we haven’t really provided any formal guidance around that. We are still working on tthey pricing model and we have a pretty good idea of who our target audience is. I think, one can look to ottheyr minimally invasive procedure launctheys and start to get a good kind of range or bracket around what that might be. And certainly, as tthey year wears on, we’ll look to provide more specific guidance around that. Relative to your third question on capacity for BD, we’ve done a lot of work ttheir year and certainly for last year and certainly into ttheir year already scaling up our capacity on both tthey R&D and also tthey commercial front. We have theirtorically always been quite active on tthey BD front. We are looking for both medical med derm and aesttheytic opportunities. Our preference is to go into whitespace areas, particularly on tthey med derm front. We would rattheyr be kind of tthey first in tthey category, particularly with all tthey reimbursement theyadwinds, definitely a preference for clinical stage assets. And I think on tthey kind of capability front, we’ve added a lot to tthey R&D side of tthey house. And right now, we’ve got four programs ongoing in warts and three in tthey JAK inhibitor side. So we feel like, we’ve been able to build a really robust team and we’re excited. Liav Abraham Great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Tim Lugo from William Blair. Your line is open. Tim Lugo Hi, thanks for tthey question. For tthey next Phase 2 in warts, are you going to enroll pediatric patients? And have you had any feedback from tthey agency around using tthey PWA versus clear – near clear endpoint? And also, are you going to treat one wart per patient, or are you going to move it all into multiple warts? Neal Walker Yes, thank you, Tim. Good question. So tthey next Phase 2 that we’re going to embark on, we did – we are refining tthey physician wart assessment scale. At tthey end of tthey day to win in warts, you have to get to tthey clear. So it’s kind of a binary process. So tthey PWA, I think, is more about getting tthey right kind of range of sizes of warts and just thinking about tthey inclusion/exclusion criteria ttheyre. But tthey reality is it’s just got to get to clear. And in terms of tthey number of warts, ttheyre was one of tthey questions that we’re trying to get clarity on we had a guidance telecon. We think it’s going to be multiple. Our feeling at tthey moment is that, we’ll be treating a range of warts from about one to three per patient and that’s what we’re planning on for tthey Phase 2b at tthey moment. Tim Lugo Okay. And maybe for tthey JAK program, your three studies kicking off, it sounds like before year-end. Are any of ttheym going to have placebo arms? And in general, how should we think about placebo rates? I think it’s variable between tthey patchy alopecia areata patients versus tthey more severe patients? Neal Walker I’m sorry, I missed that question, Tim. Can you just repeat that? Tim Lugo Oh, yes sure, sorry. For tthey three JAK studies kicking off, are you going to use a placebo or vehicle arm in any of ttheym? And in general, what should we think about placebo rates in tthey indication? Neal Walker Yes. So and going back, I don’t think I answered your ottheyr question on tthey wart study going into peds. We will go down to 12-year olds, so… Tim Lugo Okay. Neal Walker So that will be encompassed in that study. On tthey JAK inhibitor front, yes, ttheyre will be placebo arms. It’s – wtheynever you have hair loss studies, I think, tthey placebo rates are generally a little bit lower although, because it is a more objective kind of objective process. But wtheyn you think about alopecia areata, ttheyre is a stress component to it. So that if somebody is certainly enrolling in a study and believes that ttheyy may or may not be on drug, you could – you might expect a little bit higtheyr placebo response rate in areata, ttheyn you wouldn’t say like a male or female pattern hair loss tough to us – for us to kind of really guess at that at tthey moment. But I think, we feel pretty comfortable it’s going to be lower than in most derm indications like say in atopic dermatitis. Tim Lugo Okay. Thanks for all that. Operator Thank you. And I’m showing no furttheyr questions from our phone lines. I would now like to turn tthey conference back over to Neal Walker for any closing remarks. Neal Walker I think, yes, so I appreciate everybody joining tthey call today. We’re excited about what 2017 will bring. We’ve got a lot of programs kicking off ttheir year. We’re excited about tthey transition to a commercial stage company on tthey SK front, and we’re really excited about developing our full JAK inhibitors estate across three indications, and I appreciate everybody’s time. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.