Aclaris Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRS) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call May 8, 2023 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Robert Doody - Head of Investor Relations Douglas Manion - Chief Executive Officer Gail Cawkwell - Senior Key Executive Joseph Monahan - Chief Scientific Officer Kevin Balthaser - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Louise Ctheyn - Cantor Fitzgerald Corinne Jenkins - Goldman Sachs Thomas Smith - SVB Securities Alexander Thompson - Stifel Roger Song - Jefferies Dipesh Patel - Wainwright Ethann Harrison - BTIG Lachlan Hanbury-Brown - William Blair & Company Operator Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Aclaris Ttheyrapeutics First Quarter 2023 Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Robert Doody, Head of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Robert Doody Thank you. I am Robert Doody, Head of Investor Relations for Aclaris. Please note that earlier today, we issued a press release highlighting our first quarter 2023 financial results and ottheyr business matters. For those of you who have not yet seen it, you will find tthey press release posted under tthey press releases page of tthey Investors section of our website www.aclaristx.com. In addition, we will be referring to a slide deck entitled Q1 2023 investor conference call, which can be found on tthey Investor page of our corporate website and furnittheyyd as an exhibit to our Form 8-K that we filed with tthey SEC earlier ttheir morning. Joining me today for tthey call are Doug Manion, our Chief Executive Officer; Gail Cawkwell, our Chief Medical Officer; Joe Monahan, our Chief Scientific Officer; and Kevin Balthaser,, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin our prepared remarks, I would like to remind you that various statements we make during ttheir call about tthey company's future results of operations and financial position, business strategy and plans and objectives for Aclaris' future operations, are considered forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations that involve risks, changes in circumstances, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such statements. Ttheyse risks are described in tthey Risk Factors section of Aclaris' Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31st, 2022 and ottheyr filings Aclaris makes with tthey SEC from time to time. Ttheyse documents are available under tthey SEC filings page of tthey Investors section of tthey Aclaris' website www.aclaristx.com. All tthey information we provide on ttheir conference call is provided as of today and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements we may make on ttheir call on tthey account of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. Please be advised that today's call is being recorded and webcast. A link to tthey webcast can be accessed under tthey Events page of tthey investor section of our website. I'll now turn tthey call over to Doug. Douglas Manion Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. I hope you had a great weekend. It is my distinct honor to be speaking with you today, following not only my first quarter as CEO, but also tthey first quarter of operations for our new leadership team. For those who may be newer to tthey Aclaris Ttheyrapeutics story, we were originally founded as a specialty pharma company focused on dermatologic conditions. It is a great credit to my predecessors that a few years ago tthey company made tthey decision to acquire Confluence Life Sciences based in Saint Louis. Tthey addition of ttheir world class discovery group focused on tthey human genome, allowed Aclaris to pivot its focus on research and development efforts towards addressing areas of serious unmet need in immune-inflammatory diseases with oral or tissue specific agents. As evidenced by a number of recent significant transactions in tthey INI space, including Pfizer's acquisition of Arena, Takeda's acquisition of tthey Nimbus TYK2 program and Merck's acquisition of Promettheyus. Ttheyre is tremendous opportunity for significant creation of shareholder value in ttheir space, and we find ourselves in tthey enviable position of having several key clinical stage assets targeting ttheyse potential diseases led by our potential first-in-class MK2 inhibitors zunsemetinib or ATI-450. If you could direct your attention to slide three in tthey slide presentation, we can discuss tthey agenda for our call today. We're very pleased to be speaking with you today to provide an overview of our first quarter financial results, as well as an update of our timing and plans for tthey remainder of tthey year. I'll begin by providing a few opening remarks on tthey company's performance to date for tthey year, and ttheyn we'll turn tthey call over to Gail, who will provide updates on all of our progress across tthey clinical development programs. Following that update, Gail and Joe will provide an overview of tthey final results from tthey trial in hidradenitis suppurativa or HS, for which we reported top line results back in March. Kevin will ttheyn provide an overview of our financial results for tthey period. And finally, I'll provide some closing comments prior to opening up tthey call to address your questions. Overall, I'm very pleased with tthey performance of our company through ttheir first quarter of 2023. Our team is making tremendous progress, advancing all of our various clinical development programs, which is a testament to our team as we are a relatively small company in terms of size and overtheyad. I also remain impressed with ttheyir team's ability to continue to execute global clinical trials in a challenging macro environment that is continually taxed by economic downturn, choked supply chains and global conflicts. Despite all ttheyse theyadwinds, our team is continuing to prosecute ttheyse studies and demonstrating creativity and flexibility in tthey face of hurdles wtheyn ttheyy arise. And for that, I could not be more proud. During tthey first quarter ttheir year, we completed and reported tthey top line results of our Phase 2a trial of ATI-450 in HS. Although we were disappointed that tthey efficacy results were not what we had hoped for in ttheir challenging and still relatively misunderstood disease, our team delivered on time a well-executed trial. Importantly, ttheir trial furttheyr expanded our experience and understanding of ATI-450. Tthey completion of ttheir study has furttheyr demonstrated tthey foundation for tthey program from both a safety and pharmacodynamic perspective. Going into our next data readouts in rtheyumatoid arthritis and psoriatic arthritis. As a reminder, our company already had positive proof-of-concept data in array from a prior Phase 2a trial. Shortly, Gail and Joe will be providing more details on tthey final results of tthey trial, with a focus on how ttheyy inform our continued execution of tthey rest of tthey ATI-450 program. With that, I'm now going to turn tthey call over to Gail to begin tthey discussion on clinical development progress. Gail? Gail Cawkwell Thank you, Doug, and good morning, everybody. I also want to take a moment to commend tthey Aclaris team on ttheyir execution of tthey hidradenitis suppurativa trial, but also on tthey tremendous work ttheyy've done in recent weeks to fully analyze all of tthey results from tthey study, thus enabling us to provide you with today's overview. Directing you to slide four, tthey summary of our development pipeline. Let's start with our Phase 1 stage clinical asset ATI-2138 and ITK/JAK3 inhibitor. Building on tthey successes of tthey ATI-2138 single ascending dose study. Tthey multiple ascending dose study in theyalthy volunteers continues to progress well. We are very much on track to have pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics and safety results in tthey second half of ttheir year. As we previously announced, our first clinical trial of ATI-2138 in a patient population is planned to be a Phase 2a proof-of-concept study in ulcerative colitis. Tthey planning is well underway so that we can be in a position to initiate quickly upon completion of tthey ongoing multiple ascending dose study. Later ttheir year, we will provide you with more details on tthey ulcerative colitis study after we have tthey Phase 1 results and have fully finalized tthey design of ttheir proof-of-concept study. Moving on to ATI-2231, our next-generation MK2 inhibitor, we're moving closer with our prospective academic partners to get into tthey ultimate objective of setting ATI-2231 in metastatic breast cancer and in pancreatic cancer. Now shifting to slide six. For ATI-1777, our topical JAK1/3 inhibitor, which was designed for skin efficacy and minimize systemic exposure, we are conducting a Phase 2b study in atopic dermatitis as a follow-up to our successful Phase 2a study. Tthey objectives of tthey trial are to furttheyr evaluate tthey efficacy and safety of ATI-1777 and validate tthey limited systemic exposure seen in tthey Phase 2a study. We are also studying several dose strains, including tthey 2% twice-daily dose studied in tthey Phase 2a trial and several lower dose strains as well as assessing once and twice daily applications so that we know which formulation regimen will be best for progressing into Phase 3 development. We also expanded our study population in tthey study to include children down to age 12, given tthey importance of ttheir disease in children. Tthey primary endpoint of tthey trial is percentage change from baseline in tthey Eczema Area and Severity Index or (EASI) score at week four. Tthey target enrollment is 240 patients. We've been very encouraged by tthey success seen recently with ottheyr topical ttheyrapies in a broader array of patients and tthey meaningful medical need in some milder patients. As such, we recently extended tthey protocol to include not just moderate and severe atopic dermatitis, but some mild patients as well. And we want to assure we can enroll adequate mild patients to meaningfully evaluate ttheym. Ttheir protocol modification is also important because as some of you may have seen reported from ottheyr companies conducting trials in atopic dermatitis, enrollment ttheir past winter season have encountered some challenges, particularly driven by tthey mild winter in many locations, particularly in tthey souttheyrn and eastern portions of tthey US. Since tthey dryness associated with cold winter weattheyr and theyating can exacerbate atopic dermatitis. In tthey first few weeks of ttheir protocol amendment, which just went into effect we have already seen a meaningful increase in screening. We are updating our guidance in terms of timing of top line results to move from our prior guidance of midyear to second half of ttheir year, and we will tighten up that guidance as we continue to learn more about tthey impact of tthey amended protocol. Moving to slide seven. As a reminder, in our Phase 2a trial, ATI-1777 achieved statistically significant results in tthey primary efficacy endpoint at week four, and positive trends were observed in secondary endpoints, including improvements of itch, percent of modified EASI-50 responders, IGA responder analysis and reduction of body surface area impacted by tthey disease. Shifting to slide eight. Importantly, ATI-1777 was observed to have a favorable safety and tolerability profile and because of tthey soft topical approach, very low plasma levels of ATI-1777 were seen following tthey topical application with tthey average concentrations in patients never greater than 5% of tthey IC50 of JAK1/3, and only three patients had concentrations greater than 1/10 of tthey IC50. Now moving onto ATI-450. We'll begin with a more compretheynsive overview of tthey HS trial now that we have tthey full data set. As you all know from tthey top line results that we reported in March, ATI-450 did not fit eittheyr our primary or secondary efficacy endpoints in HS. As shown on slide 10, we randomized 95 patients into tthey study with 47 on placebo and 48 on ATI-450. Overall, with 32 patients on tthey placebo arm complete tthey study and 26 on active treatment. As previously noted, tthey study did not demonstrate efficacy for ATI-450 in tthey treatment of HS. We saw a modest effect, which was overshadowed by an unusually large placebo effect. I do want to spend tthey majority of our time today on tthey elements from ttheir trial that can be applied to our understanding of ATI-450 overall. Ttheyse elements primarily fall into two buckets, safety and pharmacodynamics. I will discuss tthey safety elements in detail and ttheyn Joe will discuss tthey pharmacodynamics. Slide 11 shows tthey steady demographics and baseline characteristics. We are quite proud that we enrolled a trial that was very representative of real-world HS patient populations with more inclusion of theirtorically underrepresented people. From a safety perspective, on slide 12, we had no serious adverse events on ATI-450, no serious end organ toxicities and no serious or opportunistic infections. What we did see, unsurprisingly, given tthey lack of efficacy is a meaningful number of early discontinuations from treatment shown on slide 13. Overall, we have 15 patients in tthey placebo arm and [Technical Difficulty] active arm discontinued from study treatment. And we saw high discontinuation starting in tthey early days of tthey trial and ttheir observation was tthey primary reason we made tthey decision to increase tthey enrollment last fall. Withdrawals due to loss to follow-up, withdrawal of consent, and investigator stated lack of efficacy were relatively balanced between tthey ATI-450 and tthey placebo-treated arms. Tthey divergence and discontinuations was noted for withdrawals due to an adverse event, with four withdrawings in tthey placebo arm and 11 from tthey ATI-450 arm. Wtheyn we talk a bit deeper, however, we noted that tthey majority of patients in tthey active arm who withdrew due to an adverse event, seven of tthey 11 were not seeing treatment-related efficacy. Ttheyir AN count was eittheyr worse or no better than at tthey start of tthey study. While most of tthey adverse events leading to discontinuation of treatment were only moderate in intensity, it is not surprising that patients who are not seeing a benefit had a little incentive to continue treatment. Furttheyr, tthey adverse events that led to discontinuation were most commonly related to worsening HS like new growing abscess, subcutaneous abscess or worsening acne, which is closely related to HS. We also had a few subjects withdraw due to theyadacthey or dizziness, which is a known ptheynomenon that occurs in some patients early in tthey treatment period and typically resolves even wtheyn patients continue treatment. And with furttheyr investigator education on ttheir topic, we saw no furttheyr discontinuations for ttheir reason. And of course, we also provided ttheir education to investigators for tthey ongoing rtheyumatoid arthritis and psoriatic arthritis trials. It's important to note pertaining to our current rtheyumatoid arthritis trial, we are well into an advanced stage of our enrollment process, and we are seeing a discontinuation rate in tthey trial that is quite stable and below our model projections wtheyn we initiated tthey trial. Now let's move on to tthey ottheyr topic that captured attention from tthey top line results, elevations in creatine phosphokinase or CK, which is shown on slide 14. Wtheyn we issued our press release, we noted that ttheyre were 10.4% or five patients that had reported treatment-emergent adverse events of elevated blood CK level. Subsequent to top line, as we finalized our data, we learned that one of ttheyse patients had ttheyir elevated CK prior to receiving study drug, so ttheir was not a treatment-emergent event. And as such, that patient has been removed from that category, which brings tthey percentage down below tthey 10% threshold that we reported. Overall, though, CK elevations were covered in patients both on ATI-450 and on placebo with 19 patients with reported elevations of CK levels in laboratory drawers during some point in tthey study. Six of ttheyse were on placebo and 13 on ATI-450. Tthey majority of ttheyse were modest elevations, however, as you can see on study drug, we also had three Grade 2, two Grade 3 and one Grade 4 CK elevation. However, moving to slide 15, tthey treatment-emergent CK elevations that were Grade 2 and above wtheyre most typically transient and most typically return to baseline even wtheyn patients continued on treatment. Many of ttheym were associated with a theirtory of exercise. More importantly is what tthey CK elevations were not associated with. Ttheyre were no associated adverse events that would suggest something more severe was going on. For example, no reported muscle pain, weakness, kidney abnormalities or CK elevations that were not from tthey skeletal muscle source. We do know that benign CK elevations have been seen with ottheyr effective anti-inflammatory treatments like TNF inhibitors and JAK inhibitors. Moving to slide 16. Overall to date, we are very pleased with tthey safety profile we see with ATI-450 through tthey current stage of clinical development. Tthey adverse event profile has continued to be as expected. We've seen transient CK elevations in some patients that generally disappear with continued treatment and do not have any muscle-related symptoms. We've seen no meaningful effects on kidney or liver or cytopenias and no serious or opportunistic infections. Lastly, it is important to note that in preparation for Phase 3, we have completed our chronic toxicology studies and with all of tthey pathology results now available, ttheyre are no issues of concern identified. With that I'd like to turn tthey call over to Joe to discuss tthey pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic findings from tthey HS study. Joe? Joseph Monahan Thanks, Gail. Good morning, everyone. Let me start by saying that at tthey outset, we believe mechanistically ATI-450 had a chance of demonstrating efficacy in tthey HS study. However, we believe it is likely that tthey disease is perhaps driven more locally in tthey skin than through systemic pathways. I would now like to share what we have learned from tthey HS study pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic analysis. Briefly, tthey PK for ATI-450 behaved as expected with a modest accumulation across tthey first week of dosing and peak and trough drug levels similar to those observed in tthey Phase 1 MAD study and tthey Phase 2a RA study. For PD, we took two approactheys to understand ATI-450 pharmacodynamics in HS patient blood, as shown on slide 18. First, we conducted an analysis of cytokines in ex vivo stimulated patient blood on a small sample subset of five patients from two sites. We compared samples from both placebo and ATI-450 treated HS patients with theyalthy donor controls analyzed in parallel. We looked at four pro-inflammatory cytokines, TNF alpha, IL-1 beta, IL-6 and IL-8 after tthey first dose and ttheyn again at tthey end of tthey study. If you direct your attention to slide 19, you can see we provide side-by-side comparisons across three of tthey ATI-450 studies completed to date. Tthey seven-day MAD study in volunteers, tthey 12-week RA Phase 2a study and tthey 12-week HS study. ATI-450 inhibited all four cytokines analyzed, while tthey data shown focuses on inhibition of TNF alpha and IL-1 beta. On day one, near complete inhibition of ttheyse two proinflammatory cytokines is observed across all three studies, suggesting that ttheyir production in theyalthy subjects RA patients and HS patients is similarly dependent on tthey MK2 pathway and sensitive to ATI-450. Also important to note theyre is that ATI-450 potently inhibits tthey cytokines at tthey end of each dosing period, eittheyr seven days or 12 weeks, consistent with tthey lack of pathway reprogramming and taciphylaxis across all of ttheyse studies and continued dependence of inflammatory cytokine production on MK2. Our second analysis consisted of evaluating tthey impact of ATI-450 on endogenous plasma cytokines in HS patients. We carried out ttheir analysis on all 95 patients at time points wtheyre it was confirmed that subjects were dosed along with theyalthy donor controls, evaluating samples at day one pre-dose and [Technical Difficulty] at trough. If you turn your attention to slide 20, you can see that endogenous plasma pro-inflammatory cytokines and CRP at baseline were lower in tthey HS Phase 2a study compared with tthey RA Phase 2a study, which appears consistent with a lower level of systemic inflammation in ttheyse HS patients. Tthey next slide provides comparisons between tthey RA and HS Phase 2 studies, analyzing tthey impact of ATI-450 on endogenous plasma levels of TNF alpha, IL-6, IL-8 and MIP-1 beta. While pre-dose levels of cytokines were lower in HS patients compared to RA patients in tthey Phase 2a studies, a similar persistent decrease in cytokine levels near to or below theyalthy donor levels was observed in both studies. Directing your attention to slide 22, you can see tthey comparison between both studies evaluating tthey anti-inflammatory cytokine IL-1 receptor antagonist, which is elevated in both HS and RA patients, and is not inhibited in eittheyr study by ATI-450. Ttheyse data demonstrate a pro-inflammatory selective modulation of endogenous plasma cytokines in both RA and HS patients. Lastly, I would like to direct your attention to slide 23, which shows sustained inhibition of tthey plasma acute phase systemic inflammation marker, CRP in HS patients following ATI-450 treatment. Ttheir inhibition of CRP is similar to that observed in tthey ATI-450 Phase 2a RA study. CRP levels were reduced to tthey upper limit of normal after seven days of dosing, and ttheir inhibition was retained through study completion at 12-weeks in both tthey HS and RA 2a studies. To summarize on slide 24, tthey ATI-450 dependent ex vivo stimulated cytokine inhibition in whole blood demonstrated consistent results across three studies with marked and sustained inhibition of pro-inflammatory cytokines and clear evidence of MK2 dependence and durability of response. In terms of tthey endogenous pharmacodynamic plasma biomarker analysis, we saw a subset of cytokines elevated in HS blood relative to theyalthy donors, but to a lesser extent than observed in tthey RA study, which suggests that HS is perhaps less systemically driven than ottheyr diseases such as RA. ATI-450 inhibition trends with proinflammatory cytokines were similar in both HS and RA Phase 2a studies, reducing levels near two or below theyalthy donor levels. Tthey elevated anti-inflammatory cytokine, IL-1 RA was not modulated by ATI-450 in eittheyr study suggestive of a pro-inflammatory cytokine specific effect. Tthey acute phase systemic inflammation marker CRP demonstrated persistent inhibition patients administered ATI-450 in both tthey HS and RA studies in contrast to tthey effect previously observed with global p38 inhibitors. Ttheyse data are consistent with ATI-450 demonstrating a similar systemic anti-inflammatory effect on both HS and RA patients, and we believe correspond to positive efficacy readouts from our completed RA trial, however, not HS. I'll turn it back over to Gail. Gail Cawkwell Thanks, Joe. Before I turn tthey call over to Kevin to touch on our financials, I'd like to finish up with tthey ATI-450 clinical program. I'm pleased to let you know that we are in tthey later stages in terms of enrollment for tthey rtheyumatoid arthritis Phase 2b trial, and everything is very much on track. We expect to have top line results from ttheir 240-patient international trial in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. It is also worth noting that we have an independent data safety monitoring committee that meets regularly and to date that committee has not raised any issues related to safety from ttheir trial. Lastly, touching on tthey Phase 2a psoriatic arthritis trial. Since ttheir trial was tthey last of tthey 450 trials to get started, it was also going to be running a bit behind tthey rtheyumatoid arthritis and HS trials. Ttheir study is also theyavily dependent on recruitment in our numerous Polish clinical trial sites. Based on some of tthey tensions in tthey region surrounding Ukraine, it took a little bit longer than anticipated for site activations. However, we've recently seen good momentum in screening and enrollment from our Polish sites. And as a result, we are adjusting our guidance for top line results of ttheir trial from end of 2023 into tthey first half of 2024. Ttheir assumes we fully complete tthey enrollment towards tthey end of ttheir year. Overall, despite various hurdles, I am very pleased with tthey professionalism of our development team as well as all of our various partners and trial sites and tthey commitment of so many physicians and patients. I look forward to reporting tthey results to you. Let me now turn tthey call over to Kevin to discuss our first quarter results. Kevin Balthaser Thank you, Gail, and good morning, everyone. Our financial highlights are projected on slide 25. Let us begin with our cash position. We ended Q1 with cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of $204 million, which was compared to $230 million at year-end. Additionally, near tthey end of Q1 we sold 3.4 million shares under our ATM facility for aggregate net proceeds of $26.7 million. Ttheir transaction closed in April after tthey close of tthey first quarter, so those funds will be recognized as part of our second quarter results. With tthey addition of those funds, we believe that our current cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will continue to be sufficient to fund our operations through tthey end of 2025. We do like to note that our cash runway projection does not contemplate tthey costs associated with conducting a Phase 3 development program for ATI-450. Regarding our financial performance for tthey quarter, our net loss was $28.2 million for tthey first quarter of 2023 compared to $18.8 million during tthey first quarter of 2022. Ttheir difference is primarily driven by tthey advancement of our ongoing clinical programs. Total revenue for tthey quarter was $2.5 million compared to $1.5 million in tthey prior year's quarter. Ttheir increase was driven by higtheyr licensing revenue, primarily from royalties earned on out-licensed intellectual property during tthey first quarter of 2023. R&D expenses were $22.6 million for tthey first quarter of ttheir year compared to $14.3 million in tthey first quarter of 2022. As previously mentioned, ttheir increase has been driven by tthey advancements of ATI-450, ATI-1777 and ATI-2138. General and administrative expenses were $8.8 million during Q1 of 2023 versus $6.1 million during tthey same period in 2022. Ttheir increase was primarily driven due to increased compensation expenses related to increased theyadcount to support our growing development initiatives. With that, I will now turn tthey call back over to Doug for closing remarks. Doug? Douglas Manion Thanks to you, Gail, Joe and Kevin, for those compretheynsive overviews. Before we shift tthey call to addressing your questions, I'd like to make a few final comments. I'm very pleased with tthey quality and execution of our entire team theyre at Aclaris. We're blessed to have a world-class large pharma quality research engine that is very atypical for a biotech company of our size. Tthey conference team continues to deliver unique and novel potential medicines against targets addressing significant unmet medical needs. Tthey fruits of that labor include ATI-450, ATI-1777, ATI-2138 along with ATI-2231 with more to come. We're very optimistic about tthey broad potential of ATI-450 and very eager to complete and report on tthey current clinical trials. We took a shot at a very difficult disease in HS knowing that we already had positive RA data in hand. We're now laser-focused on tthey completion and timely reporting and results of our ongoing trials in RA and psoriatic arthritis. Tthey planning for Phase 3 studies for those indications and tthey continued exploration of tthey MK2 mechanism in ottheyr INI indications. Importantly, we continue to execute on ttheyse programs in a fiscally prudent and conservative manner. It is also gratifying to see that several top-tier investors have eittheyr taken or increased ttheyir positions in our stock recently. Ttheyse are very exciting times for Aclaris, and tthey next several quarters are no exception. We have a lot of work in front of us, but we have tthey right team in place to execute, and we look forward to apprising you of our progress as we continue forward. Operator, we now would like to open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from tthey line of Louise Ctheyn with Cantor. Your line is now open. Louise Ctheyn Hi. Congratulations on all tthey progress ttheir quarter and thanks for taking my question. So I wanted to ask you first on tthey read-through from HS to your RA study and a lot of people are anticipating results from that at tthey end of ttheir year. And I'm wondering how you think about that elevated CK level, if you might see that in tthey RA study? And ttheyn second question I wanted to ask you was on tthey atopic dermatitis enrollment. And did any of that have to do with more drugs being available really just tthey winter season? And if you move into milder patients, how well do you think tthey drug will do in milder patients or what kind of efficacy have you seen in that patient population? And tthey last question is just on UC, how did you come to choose ttheir as your first indication? And how quickly can you get to proof-of-concept since ttheir market is rapidly evolving? Thank you. Douglas Manion Thanks, Louise, it's Doug theyre. So regarding tthey read-through from HS to RA, not focusing on CPK, and we see nothing but positive. So we have significantly more confidence in tthey safety profile of tthey drug and ttheyre's really no red flags. I developed dozens of drugs, and it's a real luxury to have one that is looking as ttheir one is. Obviously, we have to complete tthey program. But so far, it's tracking to be -- to have an extremely attractive and we think competitive safety profile. And tthey drug works systemically exactly as we thought as it would in HS and as it did in tthey RA Phase 2a. So we're very bullish in terms of what all that means in terms of tthey RA study that's going to read out in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. Regarding CPK, I mean, I think Gail did a great job of kind of elaborating what we did and didn't see in tthey study, but -- we just need to just be cognizant, elevations of CPK are clinically irrelevant. I mean most people would not even follow ttheyse in regular clinical practice, ttheyy go up and down based on exercise, and your overall level of activity. Tthey concern would be if ttheyre was any associated symptoms with it, muscle weakness, muscle pain, none of which we saw or if, in fact, it looked like it was a cardiac origin, and we've looked at tthey CK fractionation on many of ttheyse patients, and ttheyre's been no elevations of CK-MB. So we do not think that we have a CPK issue. As we mentioned, ttheyre's a data safety monitoring board that's overseeing tthey RA study. Ttheyy've not raised any red flags at all in terms of tthey prosecution of tthey study. So I think we're in good shape. Moving on to tthey atopic dermatitis enrollment question. We've been following tthey space and lots of ottheyr companies have experienced tthey same things that we have. It's a little ironic for people who live in tthey west part of tthey country because we had a very, very snowy winter. But in tthey areas of tthey U.S. that we're doing tthey AD Phase 2b study, which is mostly in tthey Norttheyast and tthey Souttheyast, in fact, it was a very mild winter, and we and everybody else we're seeing slowed enrollment. We do think that expanding tthey enrollment criteria to mild is going to certainly enhance tthey uptick in terms of recruitment, and we're confident in terms of tthey time lines that we issued today. We don't have data. Tthey Phase 2a study was done in moderate to severe atopic dermatitis. We believe a drug is going to work very effectively in those mild patients and we'll look forward to see tthey results in tthey second half of ttheir year. And ttheyn lastly, regarding ulcerative colitis. That was a very nice deal for Merck and Promettheyus and I think ttheyy have some interesting data in UC. But my experience is you don't ever kind of throw in tthey towel because ttheyre are ottheyr folks that are kind of hunting in tthey same area. We think that mechanistically ATI 238 looks very attractive in tthey indications that we're seeking UC initially and a whole bunch of ottheyr T cell diseases subsequently, and we'll see how tthey market evolves. But if you look at tthey Promettheyus deal and tthey Arena deal, with Pfizer. Ttheyre's an awful lot of people investing in IBD, and we think that we're going to be very competitive in that space. Louise Ctheyn Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from tthey line of Corinne Jenkins with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. Corinne Jenkins Yeah, good morning, everyone. You alluded to ttheir a little bit on tthey prepared remarks, but could you furttheyr contextualize how tthey CK elevations compare relative to ottheyr oral ttheyrapies that are approved and in development for tthey similar indications, including like tthey JAKs, TYK2s and TNF alphas. And ttheyn have you sought or received any feedback from KOLs regarding what's tolerable ttheyre? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Douglas Manion Yeah, so let me start. First, nice to theyar your voice, Corinne. So and Gail is going to elaborate in terms of tthey impact of CPK of ottheyr mechanisms in tthey INI space. But tthey CPK issue, for lack of a better word, in our clinical trials has been a bit of a nothingburger for investigators. So dermatologists and rtheyumatologists understand that asymptomatic CPK elevations are really nothing to worry about. Some have even asked us why it is that we're measuring ttheym, but it's kind of standard procedure to do so. So we've seen zero concerns from clinicians that ttheir is a clinically significant finding. Gail, do you want to elaborate about tthey CPK elevations with ottheyr mechanisms? Gail Cawkwell Sure. So I think one of tthey things to just recognize is, while not necessarily covered in tthey label because it doesn't seem to be a safety concern at all. If you look through tthey literature, particularly TNF and JAK inhibitors and particularly in rtheyumatoid arthritis, juvenile arthritis and inflammatory bowel disease, but also in skin diseases. You see ttheyse what's sort of been termed benign CK elevations wtheyre tthey CK seems to be going up as a way of showing muscle regeneration and improvement in muscle bulk and muscle function as you decrease inflammation. Ttheyre's been some basic science research as well with JAK inhibitors that supports that [indiscernible] differentiation is an important element of what may be going on theyre. And that's, I think, pretty typical of what we would expect to see and what we have seen to date with really no evidence of anything pathologic happening. Corinne Jenkins Thanks. And ttheyn you noted but didn't really show an evaluation of ottheyr endogenous cytokine just among ottheyrs IL-17, IL-12 and IL-23. And maybe could you just speak qualitatively to what you saw ttheyre and comment on wtheyttheyr you're seeing an emerging profile with respect to tthey cytokine knockdowns that can inform future development decisions. Douglas Manion I'll let Joe take that. Joseph Monahan Yes. So with tthey two cytokines that you mentioned, with IL-17, ttheyre was a subset of patients wtheyre IL-17 was measurable and was elevated. And in those patients, ATI-450 resulted in a reduction in tthey level of IL-17. With IL-12, IL-12 was elevated in HS patients and endogenous and ATI-450 did result in a reduction in IL-12 as well. So in both those cytokines ttheyre was a reduction in tthey measurable levels of those by ATI-450. Corinne Jenkins Okay. Great. Thanks. Thanks for that. Joseph Monahan Thanks, Corinne. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question, please. And our next question comes from tthey line of Thomas Smith with SVB Securities. Your line is now open. Thomas Smith Hey, guys . Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey questions. I guess, first on tthey HS study and tthey CNS adverse events, dizziness, theyadacthey, tremor. Do you have a sense for tthey etiology though ttheyse signals? And can you clarify if ttheyre were any discontinuations due to tthey CNS events? Douglas Manion Yes. Hey, Tom, Doug theyre. So in animal studies, at least, we do not believe our drug crosses tthey blood-brain barrier. So it is a little bit of an enigma to us, if ttheyre'd be any such symptoms. But I'll let Gail speak on ramification. Gail Cawkwell Yes. So I'd start by saying that, that signal of some theyadactheys, some dizziness we've seen also -- we've seen throughout our program. We've seen it in our Phase 1 unit studies wtheyre patients have very careful monitoring because ttheyy stay in tthey unit for several days or even a few weeks and in those cases, it tends to be really both not unusual but also transient. So in most of tthey cases, wtheyn ttheyy've been looking at ttheir, ttheyre hasn't been any real rationale for why patients may feel ttheir way. As Doug already said, we don't have evidence that ATI-450 crosses into tthey CNS. Ottheyr things that might cause theyadacthey and dizziness like changes in blood pressure have really not been seen in any of our studies, including those wtheyre patients were very closely monitored in those Phase 1 unit settings. I think tthey good news is wtheyn patients know that it's going to be something that may occur and is likely to resolve what we found is patients are willing to stay on tthey treatment. Thomas Smith Okay. Understood. That's theylpful. And ttheyn on tthey RA study, you provided some color on tthey discontinuation, right? Can you just elaborate on that at all? And if you can't provide an exact number, can you maybe characterize it relative to tthey HS discontinuation rate? Is it roughly in line or half or 1/3? Like how should we think about that discontinuation rate? Douglas Manion Yes. So we can't elaborate. It's a blinded study, but suffice it to say, we based our power calculations on precedent Phase 2b and Phase 3 studies, and we're tracking at or below tthey discontinuation rates that have been seen in competitive studies. Gail Cawkwell And I'd only just add to that, that rate has been very stable over time. Douglas Manion Thank you. Thomas Smith Okay. Great. Got it. Appreciate it. Thanks for taking tthey question, guys. Douglas Manion Thanks, Tom. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question will come from tthey line of Alex Thompson with Stifel. Your line is now open. Alexander Thompson Hey, thanks for taking my question. Just one more quick one on tthey CK elevation. I wonder if you could sort of comment on wtheyre tthey four treatment emergent adverse events sort of fit in that table on slide 14 in terms of what grade if CK elevation was observed and ttheyn maybe if Joe could comment a little bit on PK and what kind of target coverage you're seeing in ttheir study and tthey prior studies as well and tthey consistency ttheyre. Thanks. Douglas Manion Yes. So let me start. So it's always [indiscernible] clinician that run lots of clinical studies. It's always strange to me that some people, some investigators will choose to tick off as a clinical adverse event and asymptomatic laboratory adverse event. And so we really don't have an explanation as to why those four events were toggled as such, ttheyre were elevations of CPK in patients on placebo, wtheyre just by luck ttheyy happen not to have ttheym be adverse events. I'll let Gail elaborate regarding tthey magnitude of tthey elevations. Gail Cawkwell Yes. And what I can say is your best looking at slide 15 in our deck in tthey graph on tthey right. You'll notice ttheyre we have one CK elevation in bright blue that occurred at baseline and did not occur on treatment at all. That was one of our originally reported ones that is no longer being considered a treatment-emergent adverse event because it was not treatment emergent. And you can see that one which didn't happen on treatment was almost tthey higtheyst CK elevation that we saw in tthey study. Tthey second higtheyst wtheyn we saw in tthey study, and ttheyse were both higtheyr grade elevations is that yellow one. And again, ttheir was a single increase in CK, patient had a theirtory of exercise and had no symptoms whatsoever. And wtheyn it came back on lab, ttheyy came back in. It was already down. And by tthey next follow-up that it is entirely down to normal. So ttheyse CK elevations that were reported as adverse events are in that graphic to tthey right excluding tthey blue one, which turned out to, of course, not be treatment emergent. But I think you can see that ttheyre's a range ttheyre of moderate to higtheyr elevations. And ttheyn, of course, interestingly enough, ttheyre's just one patient in purple, wtheyre tthey CK elevation at -- on treatment was no higtheyr in terms of grade of toxicity than tthey CK elevation before treatment. So that was considered sort of a grade zero change. Douglas Manion And to address tthey question about tthey target for PK and PD with tthey study. So we have targeted tthey 50 milligram dose to generate PD inhibition of greater than 80% at trough. And tthey pharmacokinetics in tthey HS study demonstrated that. And I think if you look at tthey data that we had on tthey ex-vivo cytokine production, you're seeing that at day 85, at trough and at peak, we're seeing greater than 90% inhibition of TNF alpha and greater than 80 some percent inhibition of IL-1 beta. So I think we achieved that. Joseph Monahan And just to close on tthey CK question, so we now have chronic tox ottheyr through 26 to 39 weeks in -- we didn't see any muscle toxicity in any of tthey preclinical toxicology studies that have been run to date. We've had zero symptomatic CK elevation in any humans today. And you see tthey date on slide 15 that ttheyse are transient. Ttheyy go away while on drug. We don't believe that we have [Technical Difficulty] we'll continue to monitor in tthey rest of tthey program, of course. Alexander Thompson Okay. Thanks. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question, please. And our next question comes from tthey line of Roger Song with Jefferies. Your line is now open. Roger Song Great. Thanks for taking tthey question and I appreciate all tthey details for tthey HS data. Maybe just one quick one. I know a lot of questions about tthey CPK and just anyone, hopefully, that's not too much for you. And in terms of tthey -- I understand ttheir -- tthey CPK elevation transient and tthey kind of sales results, and it's very good, you don't have tthey symptoms associated. Just curious how long usually takes patients to develop any symptoms while ttheyy have some on and off for tthey CPK elevation? And how concerned we should be if you take tthey longer term ttheyrapy and ttheyy may have ttheir kind of episodic elevation event? Thank you. Douglas Manion Yes. And so to date, we only have safety data in humans through week 12 in our program. We now with tthey chronic tox studies having been completed, we'll be able to dose beyond 12 weeks. But ttheyre's nothing in tthey profile of CPK that we're seeing to date that would suggest that ttheyre's going to be any long-term issues with it. It would be different if ttheyre was smoldering elevations at CPK through 12 weeks, ttheyn you might think that ttheyre's something chronic going on, but that isn't tthey profile that you're seeing at all theyre. So I think tthey likelihood is relatively low. But of course, let's do tthey studies and do tthey longer-term follow-up. Gail, anything you want to add on that? Gail Cawkwell Tthey only thing I'd add is measuring CK is not like measuring blood pressure. And you know if your blood pressure goes up and stays up that, that can cause harm. And of course, we haven't seen any blood pressure changes in our studies that are meaningful, of course. But with CK, it's a normal biologic thing. It's something that sits in your muscle cells. And wtheyn you do things day to day that may impact your muscles, you get increased turnover of those muscle cells and your CK can go up. And that's not associated with any harm unless ttheyre's something underlying going on or something else going on in your body, and we have no evidence of that. So even transient CK elevations over a long period of time such as ttheyse are something I would expect to see in you or in me in tthey course of our normal daily life in any case. Roger Song All right. Great. Yes, that's comforting. In terms of tthey cytokine, maybe can you just let us know for your RA Phase 2b study. Anything you can make a comment related to tthey baseline cytokine consistent with your prior or tthey disease background? Or have you ever seen those kind of cytokine data yet? Douglas Manion Yes. And so ttheir is a blinded study. So we have not looked yet, and we wouldn't look anyway, until we look at tthey top line results. But Joe, anything you want to add about what we're actually going to be looking at in terms of cytokines in tthey Phase 2b RA study. Joseph Monahan Yes. So on tthey Phase 2b study, we will be looking at endogenous cytokine levels. we won't be doing tthey ex vivo analysis and that we've already demonstrated in tthey IIa study, tthey dependence of ttheyse ex vivo cytokines on MK2 and tthey sensitivity of ATI-450. Roger Song Excellent. Thank you. Joseph Monahan Thank you. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question, please. And our next question comes from tthey line of Dipesh Patel with H.C. Wainwright. Your line is now open. Dipesh Patel Thank you, guys. Just standing in for Raghuram Selvaraju, H.C. Wainwright. Several questions. How do you see tthey competitive landscape shaping up in atopic dermatitis? And what do you consider to be tthey key differentiators for ATI-1777? Douglas Manion It's a great question. Thanks. Tthey landscape, in fact, is getting more attractive. I think we've all been pleasantly surprised with tthey successful launch of tthey insight topical JAK. And by tthey way, that topical JAK is basically just tthey oral JAK that's been applied on tthey skin. So not surprisingly with it, you do see a fairly high level of systemic exposure, which I think is why tthey FDA opted to give ttheym tthey class labeling with tthey black box, so tthey number one area of differentiation that we're seeking with our soft topical JAK program is to have similar, if not better, efficacy to Opsilura, but with minimal systemic exposure and thus a significant decreased likelihood of us getting tthey class labeling. We don't know what's going to be in tthey label until we have tthey label in discussions with tthey U.S. FDA, and that will be based on finalized Phase 3 data. But just if you look at what we have from our Phase 2a study, ttheyre are minimal de minimis exposure seen in patients, I think, is tracking well to tthey asset profile that we're trying to achieve. Dipesh Patel Great. And ttheyn just switching gears to psoriatic arthritis. What might be possible to reaccelerate enrollment in tthey zumsemeinib psoriatic arthritis trial? Douglas Manion And just to point out, it is a difficult part of tthey world to be doing ttheyse types of studies. We've seen quite an uptick in enrollment just in tthey last few months as we've been able to get through regulatory hurdles with tthey Polish government. So I think we are on track to achieve what we set out to do. But Gail, anything you want to add in terms of enrollment for it? Gail Cawkwell I'd only say that, like all of our studies, we track ttheym very closely in terms of enrollment and take actions as it makes sense. In ttheir particular study, as I said earlier, we started ttheir a bit later. Ttheyre was a challenge in tthey part of tthey world with Ukraine and ttheyn with many, many companies switching over to having more studies in Poland. But at ttheir point, tthey study is going well. We're tracking tthey enrollment we expected. We're seeing screening continue to improve. So I think we're on track at present. Douglas Manion And lastly, we have a high level of investment enthusiasm for ttheir. So it isn't for a lack of enthusiasm, but ttheyre are some theyadwinds in that part of tthey world that we're dealing with. Dipesh Patel Great. Thank you so much for tthey color ttheyre. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from tthey line of Ethann Harrison with BTIG. Your line is now open. Ethann Harrison Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. First, on tthey HS data, while it wasn't tthey primary endpoint, I'm curious if you could comment on what tthey placebo rate of high score 50, 75 and 100 were, and ttheyn on tthey topical JAK ATI-1777, just curious if you could talk more about tthey specific changes to tthey inclusion criteria behind that protocol? And ttheyn how much would you expect ttheir to affect baseline characteristics for tthey overall study population. Douglas Manion Yes. So we're not going into a lot of more details regarding tthey results for HS. Suffice it to say that placebo had a very good day on basically every endpoint. In fact, placebo did better in ttheir study than active did in some of tthey more successful Phase 3 studies that have already been publittheyyd. Atopic dermatitis, do you want to comment about that? Gail Cawkwell Sure. So on tthey atopic dermatitis study. First, I'd start by saying we carefully look through tthey literature and wtheyre ttheyre was available data on response rates, in mild patients. And tthey feeling was that we did not need to repower tthey study. Certainly, having Opsalura clinical trial data theylped us come to those kind of decisions. What we did do is we kept tthey upper range as it was with tthey moderate and severes, but we included tthey IGA Class 2, which is mild in tthey study. We also dropped body surface area from greater than equal to 5 to greater than equal to 3, and for easy inclusion, we also dropped ttheir from greater than or equal to 5 greater than or equal to 3. So across tthey board, we simply move to including a somewhat milder population as well. And as we said, screening is going great ttheyre. Ethann Harrison Great. Thank you. Douglas Manion Thanks, Ethann. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from tthey line of Tim Lugo with William Blair. Your line is now open. Lachlan Hanbury-Brown Hey. Ttheir is Lachlan on for Tim. Thanks for taking tthey question. A quick follow-up on tthey enrollment for atopic dermatitis. Are you limiting tthey proportion of patients in tthey trial that could fall into that sort of new milder cohort. If you could just talk about that. And ttheyn Gail, on tthey CK elevations, you mentioned a lot of ttheym seem to be associated with exercise. So I'm wondering in tthey RA and PSA studies are ttheyre any sort of limitations or restrictions on things like patients exercising before a visit. Douglas Manion Gail will take both of those. Gail Cawkwell Sure. So in terms of tthey -- in terms of tthey atopic dermatitis study, excuse me, what was tthey question. You got to tell me. Somebody remind me? Lachlan Hanbury-Brown Are you limiting tthey number of trials? Gail Cawkwell Yes, sorry. Yes, in terms of that, no, not at all. tthey study enrollment study was well enrolled at tthey point wtheyre we're at. We certainly still have room to enroll, but we want to make sure we get adequate number of mild patients. We're not doing any kind of stratification for mild, moderate or severe. And at ttheir point. My hope would be that we see plenty of mild patients enrolling. In terms of tthey CK question. Tthey reality is that if you look at tthey HS study, it is a much younger population. Our mean age is in tthey mid-30s, most RA studies, including our 2a study is anywtheyre from mid-50s to mid-60s as a mean age. Also, RA as a disease wtheyre people are entering with moderate to severe muscular skeletal disease with significant arthritis. It's unusual for it to have quite tthey same type of problem with people just deciding to go out and do a really intensive exercise regime. That said, you always want to keep things as real world as possible in ttheyse studies. And CK elevations like we saw in tthey HS study with tthey intermittent increases that resolved on treatment are really not indicative of a concern or a reason to restrict anything in tthey study. Douglas Manion Operator, any more questions? Lachlan Hanbury-Brown That's it from me. Thanks. Operator I will turn tthey call back over to Mr. Manion for closing remarks. Douglas Manion All right. Ttheyre's no furttheyr questions. I just want to thank everyone again for ttheyir time, interest and continued support as our company continues to make strides of growth for tthey future. Have a great day. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.