Aclaris Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRS) Q3 2019 Earnings Conference Call November 7, 2019 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Kamil Ali-Jackson - Chief Legal Officer Neal Walker - President and Chief Executive Officer David Gordon - Chief Medical Officer Frank Ruffo - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Louise Ctheyn - Cantor Dylan Dupuis - SVB Leerink Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey Third Quarter 2019 Aclaris Ttheyrapeutics Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speaker presentation ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Kamil Ali-Jackson. Please go atheyad. Kamil Ali-Jackson Thank you. I'm Kamil Ali-Jackson, Chief Legal Officer for Aclaris. Please note that earlier today Aclaris issued its press release announcing third quarter 2019 results. For those of you who have not yet seen it, you will find tthey release posted in tthey Investors section of our website at www.aclaristx.com. Joining me today for tthey call are Dr. Neal Walker, President and Chief Executive Officer; Frank Ruffo, our Chief Financial Officer. Dr. David Gordon, our Chief Medical Officer; and Executive Vice President, Research and Development, Dr. Joseph Monahan. Before we begin our prepared remarks, I would like to remind you that various statements we make during ttheir call about tthey company's future results of operations and financial position, business strategy and plans and objectives for Aclaris' future operations are considered forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations that involve risks, changes in circumstances, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such statements. Ttheyse risks are described in tthey risk factors and Management's discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations sections of Aclaris' Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2018, and Form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2019, filed today, and ottheyr filings Aclaris makes with tthey SEC from time to time. Ttheyse documents are available under tthey SEC filings section of tthey Investors page of Aclaris' website at www.aclaristx.com. All tthey information we provide on ttheir conference call is provided as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements we may make on ttheir call on account of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. Please be advised that today's call is being recorded and webcast. A link to tthey webcast posted in tthey Investors section of our website. I'll now turn tthey call over to Dr. Neal Walker, President and CEO of Aclaris. Neal? Neal Walker Thank you, Kamil, and thank you, everyone, for joining us on our third quarter earnings call today. Tthey third quarter has been a busy and productive quarter. On our last quarterly earnings call in August, we announced a strategic review of both our commercial as well as our research and development portfolio of assets to determine how to optimally deploy capital to maximize shareholder return. In September, we announced tthey plan to refocus our resources on our immuno-inflammatory development programs and that we would actively seek commercialization partners for our commercial products and legacy dermatology business. As part of tthey strategic review, we reduced our workforce by over 50% across all areas of tthey organization and eliminated certain development programs. As of today, we have divested RHOFADE to EPI Health, retired $30 million in debt, extended our cash runway and are actively looking to partner ottheyr assets and programs, including A-101 45% Topical Solution for common warts, ESKATA and ATI-501, 502 for alopecia. As a reminder, both our Phase III studies in common warts were highly statistically significant across all endpoints. And if A-101 45% is approved, it would be tthey first FDA approved Rx product for common warts, a highly prevalent indication affecting both children and adults. Positioned as an Rx product, it will be distributed through tthey traditional retail pharmacy channel with tthey convenience of at-home use. As we look forward to 2020, we believe we are now sufficiently capitalized to execute on our renewed R&D effort, targeting opportunities in tthey multibillion-dollar immunology market, led by a world-class team, focused on tthey design of innovative, kinase-targeted small molecule ttheyrapeutics, that can be designed for oral or site specific use. Tthey basis of our R&D effort is our proprietary KINect discovery platform, which is specialized for targeting kinases and confers a competitive advantage in speed, quality and versatility. As a reminder, KINect is an integrated system that uses structure-based drug design, a proprietary library of kinase inhibitor fragments and layers of validated translatable testing funnels built from decades of kinase drug discovery success. We are confident in tthey versatility and effectiveness of our approach as demonstrated by tthey success our group is already realized in tthey design of substrate selective MK2 inhibitors, tissue targeted, reversible and irreversible kinase inhibitors as well as irreversible ITK drug candidates. ATI-450 or MK 2 inhibitor and first internally developed novel compound to enter tthey clinic is making good progress in tthey Phase I SAD/MAD study initiated ttheir year. Assuming success in Phase I, tthey goal of tthey next study will be to demonstrate tthey pharmacodynamic profile in well characterized conditions such as rtheyumatoid arthritis, which also provides us with tthey potential to extrapolate into various ottheyr inflammatory conditions that are characterized by high levels of TNF alpha, IL-1 beta, IL-6 and IL-8. In tthey coming months, we will also be identifying a second inflammatory indication that we will be pursuing with ATI-450. In addition, we have ottheyr breakthrough kinase inhibitors in our soft-JAK and covalently bound ITK/JAK3 in pre-IND advancement. Given tthey continued unmet needs broadly in tthey immunology space, we believe tthey opportunity exists for novel focus mechanisms in oral formulations that have tthey potential to reshape tthey immunology landscape. A key feature of our current drug candidates is ttheyir positioning to parallel or potentially exceed tthey efficacy of establittheyyd high-value injectable drugs, including anti-TNF-alpha, anti IL-1 beta and anti IL-17 biologics as well as mitigating tthey rising safety concern with oral systemic JAK inhibitors. As Frank will review in more detail later in tthey call, we ended tthey third quarter with $91 million, and ttheir is sufficient to get us to tthey third quarter of 2021. I want to reiterate that ttheir guidance gives no effect to any additional potential new business development transactions or financing activities. And so we anticipate that tthey cash out date should only improve as we execute on our business development plans. As a reminder tthey catalyst we expect to deliver in 2020 in our current budget are as follows. For ATI-450, Phase I data SAD/MAD by year-end or early Q1. And ttheyn initiate, if successful, initiating a Phase II trial in rtheyumatoid arthritis in tthey first half of 2020, with a subsequent data readout in tthey second half of 2020; moving to tthey soft-JAK inhibitor, which is ATI-1777, we plan to submit an IND in tthey first half of 2020; and initiate a Phase I/II trial in atopic dermatitis in tthey second half of 2020; and ttheyn finally, our third candidate ATI-2138 is an ITK/JAK3 covalently bound tender, and that will have an IND submitted in late 2020, early 2021 With that, I will hand it off to David Gordon, our CMO, who will update you on our R&D progress. Dave? David Gordon Thanks, Neal, and good afternoon, everyone. We've had a busy and successful quarter from tthey R&D perspective. Last month, we announced results from our successful Phase III clinical development program for A-101 45% Topical Solution for tthey potential treatment of common warts or verruca vulgaris. I would refer you to tthey data included in that announcement, but in summary, both Phase III studies known as THWART-1 and THWART-2, met tthey primary endpoint and all secondary efficacy endpoints with high statistical significance. Mild to moderate application slight adverse events made up tthey vast majority of all adverse events. We believe that THWART-1 and THWART-2 will support an NDA under A-101 45% has potential to be tthey first FDA-approved prescription medicine for tthey treatment of common warts. I'd like to thank investigators and tthey patients who participated in ttheir trial. I'm proud of our team that worked so hard to deliver tthey first successful Phase III program for a prescription treatment of common warts. Moving to our immuno-inflammatory pipeline, ATI-450 is our investigational MK2 inhibitor, a small molecule oral drug that targets TNF, IL-6 and IL-8 pathways. In tthey first half of 2019, we successfully filed tthey IND for ttheir drug and tthey Phase I program is well underway. Through data from tthey single and multiple ascending dose study or SAD/MAD are expected by tthey end of first quarter 2020. Tthey next step after tthey SAD/MAD study will be to initiate a Phase II trial for ATI-450 in subjects with rtheyumatoid arthritis in tthey first half of 2020. Since inhibition of MK2 is expected to target TNF, IL-1, IL-6 and IL-8, we are also considering a number of additional inflammatory indications, which we will update you on in tthey coming months. Our second immuno-inflammatory pipeline candidate is ATI-1777, our topical soft-JAK 1/3 inhibitor, which we are developing as a potential treatment for moderate to severe atopic dermatitis. In tthey context of 1777 soft refers to its metabolism characteristics, which means that if any drug passes systemically, it will be quickly metabolized to non-active forms. A number of studies have demonstrated that tthey JAK class of drugs deliver efficacy in atopic dermatitis with both oral and topical formulations. Aclaris have previously reported that a topical solution of our JAK 1/3 inhibitor, ATI-502 delivered a good response rate and a small open-label study of patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis. We believe that tthey JAK inhibitor class will have utility in atopic dermatitis, but we are very aware of tthey safety concerns related to systemic exposure of JAK inhibitor drugs. Tthey approach we have taken with ATI-1777 may provide a good balance of local efficacy, while reducing systemic exposure. We are on track to enter Phase I/II in patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis in tthey second half of 2020. Tthey third immuno-inflammatory pipeline candidate, are I'll briefly mentioned as ATI-2138. It's a small molecule, oral ITK/JAK3 inhibitor, which has potential as an oral small molecule to treat T cell-mediated diseases. Ttheir will progress to an IND in Q4 2020 or Q1 2021. Finally, we previously announced that we had made a strategic decision to focus our R&D spend on our immuno-inflammatory portfolio. As such, we are currently seeking partners to furttheyr develop ATI-501 and ATI-502, our investigational oral and topical JAK 1/3 inhibitors, both of which were being developed for alopecia indications. Before I close, I'd like to encourage you to review tthey R&D Day slides that are posted on our website. Ttheir was a meeting theyld at tthey end of September, wtheyre we showcased our immuno-inflammatory team and our pipeline. With that, I'll pass it over to Frank. Frank Ruffo Thanks, David. Good afternoon, everyone. As I walk through our third quarter financial results, please reference tthey financial tables that can be found in today's press release. For furttheyr detail, please refer to tthey MD&A section in our Form 10-Q that was filed today. First, just to note about tthey current quarter's and tthey prior year's financial statement presentation, as a result of our strategic review and tthey decision to refocus our resources on our immuno-inflammatory development programs, our theirtorical revenues and expenses from our product sales are summarized in tthey line item, loss from discontinued operations on tthey face of our P&L statement. Please reference footnote 15 of our financial statements in our Form 10-Q for tthey details of what is included in ttheyse line items, including tthey operating results for our marketed products and related balance ttheyyet items. As of September 30, 2019, we had cash and investments of $91.4 million and had 41.4 million shares of common stock outstanding. For tthey nine months ended September 30, 2019, net cash used in operating activities was $76.1 million. Earlier ttheir year, we have given cash runway guidance that our capital was sufficient to fund our operations until tthey fourth quarter of 2020. We now anticipate that our current capital, including both tthey upfront proceeds from tthey sale of RHOFADE and tthey full repayment of tthey loan facility with Oxford in October of 2019, will extend our cash runway into tthey third quarter of 2021, without giving effect to any additional potential new business development transactions or financing activities. Now switching to our continuing operating expenses, for tthey third quarter of 2019, our total R&D expenses were $16.2 million compared to $15.2 million for tthey third quarter of last year. Ttheyse amounts include noncash stock-based compensation expense of approximately $1.4 million in each period. Tthey increases were mainly tthey result of a $4 million milestone payment made to Rigel for tthey achievement of specified development milestone as well as a preclinical development activities associated with recent initiated Phase I clinical trial for ATI-450. Ttheyse increases were partially offset by decreases in spending for our various Phase II clinical trials for our JAK inhibitor programs and Phase III wart programs, as ttheyse projects were at or near completion at tthey end of tthey third quarter ttheir year. For tthey third quarter of 2019, our total G&A expenses were $6.7 million, which included noncash stock-based compensation expense of approximately $2.6 million. Ttheir compared to $6.1 million for tthey third quarter of last year, which included $2.3 million of noncash stock-based compensation. Ottheyr income net for tthey third quarter of 2019 decreased by about $1 million as compared to tthey third quarter of last year, due to interest expense incurred on our outstanding debt, which was borrowed in October 2018 and subsequently repaid in October 2019. Our loss from continuing operations was $23.1 million for tthey third quarter of 2019 compared to $20.6 million for tthey third quarter of 2018. Our loss from discontinued operations was $32.2 million for tthey third quarter of 2019 compared to $12.1 million for tthey third quarter of last year. And was $48.7 million for tthey nine months ended September 30, 2019, compared to $35.6 million for tthey nine months ended September 30, 2018. And just few main items to draw your attention to and tthey line item loss from discontinued operations. We recognized $5 million in net sales of RHOFADE for tthey third quarter of 2019, and $13.4 million for tthey nine months ended September 30, 2019. We also recognized a onetime noncash impairment charge of $27.6 million for tthey write-down of our intangible asset related to RHOFADE, included in both tthey third quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2019. As a result of our new strategic direction, which resulted in tthey reclassification of expenses related to our commercial products into discontinued operations, our prior full year 2019 estimated operating expense guidance no longer represents an accurate estimate of our anticipated operating expenses, and we do not believe that updated full year guidance for 2019 would be meaningful. But as we exit 2019, we expect to incur some additional employee and vendor wind-down costs related to our discontinued operations as well as some costs to complete our various clinical trials for A-101, 45% and tthey alopecia Phase II trials. But as we move into 2020, based on our current plan, we anticipate our cash burn from continuing operations to decrease significantly from tthey quarterly burn rate experienced during 2018 and tthey first three quarters of ttheir year. Based on ttheyse assumptions, we estimate that our current capital will be sufficient to fund our operations into tthey third quarter of 2021 without giving effect to any additional potential new business development transactions or financing activities. I'll now turn tthey call back over to Neal for a few closing remarks. Neal Walker Thank you, Frank. So we've obviously had a lot of change over tthey third quarter, but tthey team continues to execute on tthey R&D side, we produced two clinically meaningful and highly statistically significant pivotal Phase III studies in common warts. We continue to manage our expenses, and we pivoted now from a dermatology focused company to one focused on immuno-inflammatory diseases, wtheyre we believe we have a strong competitive advantage vis-à-vis, our team down in St. Louis. And we will be investing in three programs as we stated today, and we'll be looking forward to reporting on tthey results of our SAD/MAD work in tthey coming months. With that, I'll hand it off to Josh to please pull for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Louise Ctheyn with Cantor. You may proceed with your question. Louise Ctheyn Hi, thanks for taking my questions theyre. I had a few. So my first question is what are you most excited about in your immuno-inflammatory pipeline? What product or products are most differentiated and have blockbuster potential in your view? And ttheyn in terms of tthey assets that you have left to commercialize, what is out ttheyre and what kind of economics or valuation do you think are ideal for ttheyse? And ttheyn in terms of your immuno-inflammatory pipeline, outside tthey US, are you going to develop ttheir yourself? Or is ttheir something that you could partner? And if so, who is an ideal partner for ttheyse types of assets? Thank you. Neal Walker Hey, Louise, it's Neal. Thanks for tthey question. So I'll take it in kind of reverse order. So on tthey ex-US side, I think given tthey breadths of indications that we would have to look at with tthey 3 assets that we mentioned, targeting anti-TNF, anti-IL-1 beta, having a soft-JAK topical and ttheyn also going after tthey T cell receptor. I think we would be looking at larger pharmaceutical companies to partner with ex-US, and that wouldn't be something we would pursue ourselves. We would absolutely look to partner ttheyse sorts of rights on a country-by-country basis. Relative to tthey valuation question on some of tthey assets that we're cycling on from a BD perspective, we don't comment on that specifically. Obviously, we think ttheyy're valuable assets, and we are now in a formal process on that. So we'll be looking forward to updating everybody on our progress on that front. And ttheyn in terms of your first question, what are we most excited about, I think, it isn't often that you get an asset like tthey MK2 inhibitor that comes along wtheyre you have an oral that can mimic, can potentially mimic tthey effects at one season in biologic ttheyrapy with anti-TNF and anti-IL-1 beta. And being an oral, I think that's always been something that a lot of companies have looked at. So although we're looking at a couple of indications out of tthey gate, I think, if we see tthey results, we think we're going to see, it will be broadly applicable. So I think that asset is kind of a pipeline and a product and has tthey largest potential for a blockbuster status down tthey road. Obviously, we've got a long way to go. We just are finishing tthey SAD/MAD work, but I think tthey team is broadly very excited about tthey potential for that product. Louise Ctheyn Okay, thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Pasha Sarraf with SVB Leerink. You may proceed with your question. Dylan Dupuis Ttheir is Dylan Dupuis sitting in for Pasha. One question wtheyn it comes to tthey wind down, how much more of a wind down should you be looking at? And considering in terms of how to model near term operating expenses? And what does tthey timing look like for completing ttheir wind down? Frank Ruffo So ttheir is Frank. Thanks for tthey question. I think wtheyn you talk about wind down, I mean, a lot of that is behind us in Q3. And we're wrapping up a couple of trials just in tthey fourth quarter. So burn would be a little bit – it'll obviously be less than wtheyre we're theyaded – wtheyre what we spent in tthey first three quarters of ttheir year and ttheyn far less as we theyad into next year. So I think for tthey most part around tthey personnel costs and some of tthey severance-related items, ttheyy'll wind up in tthey – will wind down by tthey end of tthey first quarter. And so we'll have a little bit of that, not a whole lot. And ttheyn next year, as I mentioned in our remarks, we're going to have a significantly lower burn rate on a quarterly basis. Dylan Dupuis Great, thank you very much. Operator Thank you. And I'm not showing any furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Neal Walker for any furttheyr remarks. Neal Walker Thanks, Josh. Appreciate everybody joining tthey call ttheir evening, and we'll look forward to updating you on our SAD/MAD results in tthey coming months. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.