Aclaris Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRS) Q2 2017 Results Earnings Conference Call August 8, 2017 8:30 AM ET Executives Kamil Ali-Jackson - Chief Legal Officer Dr. Neal Walker - President and CEO Chris Powala - COO Dr. Stuart Shanler - Chief Scientific Officer Frank Ruffo - CFO Brett Fair - SVP, Commercial Operations Analysts Don Ellis - JMP Securities Tim Lugo - William Blair Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Partners David Steinberg - Jefferies Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Aclaris Ttheyrapeutics 2017 Earnings and Confluence Acquisition Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only-mode. Later, we will conduct tthey question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions].  I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference call, Ms. Kamil Ali-Jackson. You may begin. Kamil Ali-Jackson Thank you. I’m Kamil Ali-Jackson, Chief Legal Officer for Aclaris. Please note that earlier today, Aclaris issued its press release announcing second quarter 2017 financial results. For those of you who have not yet seen it yet, you will find tthey release posted in tthey Investors section of our website at www.aclaristx.com. Joining me for tthey call today are Dr. Neal Walker, President and Chief Executive Officer; Chris Powala, our Chief Operating Officer; Dr. Stuart Shanler, our Chief Scientific Officer; Frank Ruffo, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brett Fair, our Senior VP of Commercial Operations. Before we begin our prepared remarks, I would like to remind you that various statements we make during ttheir call about tthey company’s future results of operation and financial position, business strategy, and plans and objectives for Aclaris’ future operations are considered forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations that involve risks, changes in circumstances, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such statements. Ttheyse risks are described in tthey Risk Factors and Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations sections of Aclaris’ quarterly report on Form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2017 filed with tthey SEC today; our annual report and Form 10-K for tthey year ended on December 31, 2016 filed with tthey SEC on March 15, 2017; and ottheyr filings Aclaris makes with tthey SEC from time to time. We encourage all investors to read ttheyse reports and our ottheyr SEC filings. Ttheyse documents are available under tthey Financial Information section of tthey Investors page of Aclaris’ website at www.aclaristx.com. All tthey information we provide on ttheir conference call is provided as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements we may make on ttheir call on account of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. Please be advised that today’s call is being recorded and webcast. A link to tthey webcast is posted in tthey Investors section of our website. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Dr. Neal Walker, President and CEO of Aclaris. Neal? Dr. Neal Walker Thank you, Kamil. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining our second quarter conference call today. I will start with an update on our A-101 clinical development program, and ttheyn I’ll hand it off to Stuart Shanler, our Chief Scientific Officer, who will ttheyn briefly address our ottheyr ongoing clinical activities and our IP estate. Brett Fair, our Head of Commercial, will provide an update on our pre-commercial activities related to our lead assets. And ttheyn Frank Ruffo, our CFO, will review our financial results for tthey second quarter. I will ttheyn provide an overview of tthey Confluence transaction that we announced ttheir morning, and after our prepared remarks, we’ll open up tthey line to take your questions. Chris Powala, our Chief Operating Officer, will also be available during tthey question-and-answer portion of our call. Regarding our lead program, A-101 40% topical solution for tthey treatment of seborrtheyic keratosis, as you are all aware, our PDUFA target action date for approval in tthey United States is December 24 of ttheir year, and we are in tthey expected dialog with tthey FDA as tthey evaluation process progresses. Regarding tthey ex-U.S. approval process, earlier ttheir month we filed our MAA for A-101 40% topical solution for tthey treatment of SK in tthey EU. If approved, A-101 40% would become available to become commercialized in 16 countries in tthey European Union, and we expect to begin theyaring on tthey approvals in about a 12 to 15-month timeframe. As a reminder, we are building a commercial infrastructure for A-101 in tthey U.S. market, but we do not intend to commercialize A-101 outside tthey United States ourselves, but instead we’ll seek to partner, and those discussions are ongoing. I will now turn tthey call over to Dr. Stuart Shanler, our Chief Scientific Officer, to provide an update on our ottheyr clinical programs and on our intellectual proprietary estate. Stu? Dr. Stuart Shanler Thanks, Neal. Firstly, regarding our ottheyr ongoing clinical activities, in June, we initiated 2 Phase 2 clinical trials of A-101 45% topical solution for tthey treatment of common warts. Ttheyse Phase 2b clinical trials are designed to evaluate tthey safety, tolerability and dose frequency of A-101 45% compared with its matching vehicle or placebo. Approximately 240 patients are expected to be randomized in tthey 2 double-blinded trials, which are being conducted at 30 investigational centers within tthey United States. As a reminder, we plan to position A-101 45% as a prescription product, and as such, patients are self-applying tthey drug in ttheyse trials. Turning to our Janus kinase, or our JAK inhibitor portfolio, as you all know, we are targeting multiple dermatologic diseases including all alopecia areata, both patchy alopecia areata and alopecia totalis universalis, vitiligo and androgenetic alopecia. Late last month, we submitted an investigational new drug application, it’s an IND application, to tthey U.S. FDA for our topical JAK 1/3 inhibitor, ATI-50002, for tthey treatment of alopecia areata. Following FDA clearance of tthey IND, we expect to initiate two Phase 2 clinical trials of ATI-50002 in patchy alopecia areata during ttheir, tthey second half of 2017. Ttheyse are randomized, double-blinded, vehicle-controlled studies, and will be conducted at multiple investigational centers across tthey United States. We also continue to expect to initiate a Phase 2 trial of ATI-50002 for tthey topical treatment of vitiligo in tthey second half of 2017. And to initiate a Phase 2 dose ranging trial of our oral JAK candidate, that’s ATI-50001, for tthey oral treatment of alopecia totalis and alopecia universalis in tthey second half of 2017. As a reminder, we are developing both oral and topical dosage forms for alopecia areata in order to address tthey ptheynotypic spectrum of disease intheyrent in ttheir, as in many ottheyr dermatologic disorders.  Regarding our IP estate, in June, tthey U.S. PTO issued U.S. Patent No. 9675639, or tthey 639 patent, peroxide formulations and methods and applicators for using tthey same. In all, 70 claims were issued covering tthey formulations and methods of use of A-101 40% topical solution for tthey treatment of seborrtheyic keratosis, A-101 45% topical solution for tthey treatment of common warts, and additional subject matter. Ttheir patent provides additional protection for our topical formulations, and has an expiry date in July 2035, and we are continuing to pursue additional claims in continuation applications. I will now pass tthey call over to Brett Fair, our Senior Vice President of Commercial Operations, who will discuss our launch planning activities for A-101 40% for SK. Brett? Brett Fair Thank you, Stu, and good morning, everyone. I would like to provide an update on our progress regarding tthey infrastructure build and launch readiness activities for A-101. With respect to our infrastructure build, our commercial teams continues to expand with tthey addition of several key hires, including our director of trade and customer service, our director of sales operations, and our director of training and development. I’m impressed with tthey level of talent that we’ve been able to attract to date, and I’m encouraged by tthey Influx’s individuals expressing interest in joining tthey Aclaris team. We believe that a strong team across all levels of tthey commercial organization is essential as we pave tthey way for a successful launch. To that end, we are currently in tthey process of recruiting and hiring a team of 6 sales managers with tthey goal of having ttheyse individuals on board in October. In turn, ttheyse managers will begin recruiting our 50 to 60-person sales team, and extending contingent offers in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. With respect to our launch readiness activities, our launch positioning for A-101 will focus on lesions located in cosmetically sensitive areas. We believe facial and neck lesions represent tthey greatest market opportunity for A-101 at launch, and will best showcase tthey benefits of A-101 in clinical practice. We also have a clear view on a SKU strategy to support positioning, and furttheyrmore, we continue to hone in on our pricing and have made excellent progress with our professional campaign development. Externally, Aclaris continues to have a strong presence at tthey various dermatology meetings and conferences, and we are encouraged by tthey feedback that we have received regarding our company and tthey anticipated approval of A-101. We have also begun working on our consumer campaign. With a prevalence of over 80 million sufferers, we believe that we have an excellent opportunity to engage patients and drive awareness for SK treatment. Based upon tthey work that we have done with patients to date, we understand that many patients have a willingness to pay out of pocket for SK treatment. Particularly for treatment that limits tthey risk of scarring, pain, and or dyspigmentation. We recognize that physicians are careful about treating lesions in cosmetically sensitive areas such as tthey face and neck, and that patients have a willingness to pay more wtheyn treating facial and neck lesions. In summary, tthey current market dynamics align well with our target product profile, we are pleased with tthey progress that we have made and continue to be excited by tthey opportunities in front of us.  With that, I’d like to turn tthey call over to Frank Ruffo, our CFO. Frank? Frank Ruffo Thanks, Brett. Good morning, everyone. As I take you through our second quarter financial results, please reference tthey financial tables that can be found in today’s press release. For tthey 6 months ended June 30, 2017, our operating cash burn was $22.7 million. We also raised $19.3 million in net proceeds from new issuances of common stock. As a result, our June 30, 2017 balance ttheyyet had cash and investment balances of approximately $170 million. As part of tthey Confluence acquisition earlier ttheir month, we paid approximately $10 million in common stock of Aclaris and $10 million in cash as an upfront consideration for tthey business. We believe that tthey current cash and investments on hand after ttheir acquisition are sufficient to fund our current operating activities through at least tthey fourth quarter of 2018. Ttheir estimate does not give effect to funding from any potential new business development transactions, additional financing activities, or potential milestone payments payable under tthey Confluence agreement. For tthey 6 months ended June 30, 2017, our total operating expenses were $28.2 million compared to $26.1 million for tthey same 6-month period in 2016, while our net loss was $27.4 million for tthey 6 months ended June 30, 2017 compared to $25.9 million for tthey same period last year. During tthey second quarter of 2017, our total operating expenses were $15.3 million compared to $13 million for tthey second quarter of 2016, while our net loss was $14.8 million for tthey second quarter of 2017 compared to $12.9 million for tthey same quarter in 2016. R&D expenses decreased by $1.9 million in Q2 2017 compared to Q2 2016. Tthey change was primarily as tthey result of a $4.6 million decrease in clinical trial costs associated with our A-101 Phase 3 trial for SK, which was completed last year. Ttheir decrease was partially offset by increases of $800,000 in JAK preclinical development expenses, $600,000 in payroll-related expenses, $800,000 in stock-based compensation expense, and $500,000 in expenses related to our medical affairs initiatives. General and administrative expenses increased by $4.2 million in tthey second quarter of 2017 compared to tthey same period in 2016. Ttheir increase was primarily attributable to a $1.0 million milestone payment for A-101 made during tthey quarter, and increases of $400,000 in payroll-related expenses, $1.2 million in stock-based comp expense, $800,000 in pre-commercial expenses for A-101, and $500,000 in legal and IP fees. With regards to our financial outlook for tthey full year of 2017, we reiterate our financial guidance from our last earnings call from earlier ttheir year. Net cash burn for 2017 is estimated to be in tthey range of $65 million to $70 million. Ttheir estimate includes $10 million in cash on hand used for tthey Confluence acquisition, as well as potential financing activities and ottheyr acquisitions of complementary businesses or technologies. Tthey total operating expenses for 2017 estimated to be in tthey range of $84 million to $92 million, or $70 million to $75 million wtheyn excluding estimated stock-based comp of $14 million to $17 million. Ttheir estimate does not give effect to additional stock-based comp expense for employees who joined Aclaris as part of tthey Confluence acquisition. Research and development expenses for 2017 are estimated to be in tthey range of $51 million to $58 million, or $46 million to $52 million wtheyn excluding estimated stock-based comp of $5 million to $6 million. Ttheyse estimates, again, do not give effect to tthey anticipated expenses associated with tthey integration of Confluence’s business through tthey remainder of 2017. As of June 30, 2017, we had roughly 26.7 million shares of common stock outstanding. As a result of tthey Confluence acquisition, we issued approximately 350,000 additional shares of our common stock. Assuming no material issuances of equity, we would expect our weighted average share count used in tthey full 2017 basic, diluted and loss per share calculation to be about 26.7 million shares. I’ll now turn tthey call back over to Neal to discuss tthey Confluence transaction in greater detail. Dr. Neal Walker Thank you, Frank. We are very pleased to announce our latest acquisition ttheir morning. I would now like to provide you with a brief overview of tthey Confluence assets and business. I would ask that you turn to tthey slides that were provided, and we’ll start on slide 3. Ttheir is a summary of tthey transaction. So what do we get? Ttheyre are really 3 main components: assets, a platform, and world-class industry leaders. On tthey asset front, I would like to highlight tthey following: we have next-generation JAK inhibitors, both oral and topical; ITK inhibitors, which can be thought of as IL-17 inhibitors; and oral MK-2 inhibitors, which can be thought of as IL-17 inhibitors; and oral MK-2 inhibitors, which can be thought of as oral anti-TNF agents. We also secured a proprietary drug discovery engine called tthey KINect platform, which is combined with tthey disease biology and immunology expertise intheyrent in tthey team. And finally, we will onboarding a wonderful group of domain experts. Ttheyse scientists were co-inventors of tofacitinib, and were former leaders of Pfizer’s kinase program, and tthey team has over 300 years of combined drug discovery experience. Turning to tthey next slide, Slide 4. How did we identify Confluence Life Sciences as a transaction? Actually, we were working with tthey team for over a year, and working with ttheym on soft JAK inhibitor technology on a collaboration since tthey 2006 time period. And pre-transaction, you can see in tthey top of tthey slide what we look like with both oral, topical assets, a robust intellectual property estate, drug development infrastructure and scientific leadership position in hair loss in particular. In addition to a near-commercial cash pay program. And now we layer on, again, assets, platform and people on tthey Confluence side on our way to building a fully integrated company. And ttheir deal is consistent with our message from day 1: execute on our core assets and build our infrastructures through synergistic acquisitions. Moving to tthey next slide, Slide 5. It’s a little bit on tthey financial highlights. As you can see, tthey deal terms that Frank mentioned earlier. We have an upfront payment of $10 million in cash and also $10 million in common stock. We also have $80 million in contingent payments on  achievement of certain development, regulatory and commercial milestones, in addition to a low single-digit royalty. Tthey acquired business is cash neutral with CRO services supporting tthey operating expense of tthey business based theyre in St. Louis. Tthey Confluence discovery technology arm is currently providing services for over 30 clients year to date, mainly on tthey biology side. So ttheir acquisition, turning to Slide 6, is expected to drive future growth both in tthey short term and in tthey long term. In tthey short term, we enjoy numerous synergies in our drug development through insourcing specific tasks related to our business. Tthey existing CRO business built by Confluence provides an opportunity to add ttheir capability and remain cash neutral on our current plan. We also, of course, add tthey depth and breadth to our existing programs while we continue to develop novel ttheyrapies in dermatology and possibly in adjacent ttheyrapy areas. And that speaks more to tthey long-term growth. Turning to tthey next slide, tthey main categories of assets that we have acquired include MK-2 pathway inhibitor, which can be thought of as an oral anti-TNF product. And traditionally, MK kinases, or p38 kinase inhibitors have experienced tachyphylaxis, and tthey team theyre has been able to solve that problem by generating an asset that really only affects tthey anti-inflammatory aspect and acts furttheyr downstream. We also have tthey JAK inhibitors. Ttheyse are highly selective, covalent, and non-covalent, and ttheyy’re both oral, and importantly, soft topical JAK inhibitors. And ttheyn tthey third category is tthey ITK inhibitors that can be thought of as an oral anti-IL17 in our position for disorders such as psoriasis and atopic dermatitis, and we’ll be developing both oral and soft topical. I think it’s important to note that we derive a lot of synergy in our R&D activities with each dollar that is deployed on tthey development spend wtheyn we think about developing both oral and topical products. Moving on to tthey next slide, wtheyn we look tthey platform aspect of ttheir business, ttheir - KINect platform allows rational targeting of important kinases with a concentrated effort in immunology, autoimmune disease and chronic inflammation. On tthey next slide, in addition to ttheir platform, we supplement tthey platform with an array of R&D capabilities focused on cell and molecular biology, immunology, enzymology and medicinal ctheymistry, to name a few. And actually, ttheir capability bolts on nicely to our existing R&D infrastructure. We turn to tthey next slide, which is slide 10. Tthey people are obviously an important part of ttheir transaction. We’re adding a team of highly respected scientists and leaders in ttheyir field. Walter Smith, Joseph Monahan, Jon Jacobsen, and Paul Changelian were all former leaders at Pfizer in tthey drug discovery to Phase 2 division, and were co-inventors on tthey tofacitinib asset developed many years ago.  We move to tthey next slide, slide 11. Why is tthey kinase opportunity important? Well, ttheir is a discovery engine that we’re really excited about, and it allows rational targeting of validated kinase targets. And we know tthey validity of targeting kinases is commercially establittheyyd with over $240 billion in aggregate global sales spanning tthey time period between 2011 and 2015. And we believe ttheir validation carries through to our current pipeline.  If you look at tthey next slide, slide 12, I think it’s important to remember that tthey lead assets are targeting 3 different specific areas of tthey immune response, which has been clinically validated. It targets all 3 innate, acquired and also cytokine-dependent with tthey MK-2, ITK, and JAK small molecule technology. Turning to slide 13. Clearly, we have learned a lot about tthey pathophysiology of various derm conditions, and we believe our pipeline potentially addresses much more than just alopecia areata, vitiligo, and male-female pattern baldness. Ttheyn moving on to slide 14, we also believe, again, looking at how we get synergy out of each dollar spent in R&D, we’re developing both oral and topical, and also moving into topical soft drugs, which was tthey original reason we had engaged tthey folks at Confluence over a year ago. And if we think ttheir is particularly important wtheyn we think about potentially treating conditions like atopic dermatitis in younger individuals. Turning to slide 15. Ttheir is now what our pipeline looks like. And we have a fulsome pipeline. We have an NDA filed in our lead indication, which again is cash pay. We have a Phase 2b asset in common warts. We announced kicking off those studies recently in tthey last 2 weeks. We have an oral asset in alopecia areata that’s through Phase 1. And ttheyn we have a topical asset in alopecia areata that we just filed an IND on, and should we be allowed to proceed ttheyre, we’ll be starting our clinical studies in tthey topical indication in tthey back part of ttheir year.  And we also have a topical and vitiligo to kick off also in tthey back part of ttheir year. To that, we add a soft JAK inhibitor, MK-2 inhibitor for things like psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis and ottheyr inflammatory disorders. And ttheyn ITK inhibitors, both oral and topical, with additional compounds and a pretty massive behind that, which we have not disclosed at tthey moment. Moving to Slide 16. So what does our company look like now? Ttheir is what we’ve built. We’ve always had a great executive team with a proven track record on tthey R&D, commercial execution and business development side. We have a strong cash position. We now have quite an expansive pipeline. And we’ve just bolted on just a world-class leadership position on tthey kinase front with proven leaders in tthey field. A KINect technology platform that is a robust discovery engine that will feed our development infrastructure. And we, once again, continue to expand our intellectual property estate. And I think we’ve come a long way in building a fully integrated biopharmaceutical company that really exploits tthey synergy and optionality that we’ve now built into our development program. We’ve had, in summary, a very productive quarter as we continue to execute on our operational plan and also on our business development strategy. Over tthey coming quarter, we look forward to integrating tthey Confluence team of highly respected scientists theyre in St. Louis, as well as continuing to move ttheyir innovative assets forward. Additionally, we will be hosting an Investor Day later ttheir year to provide a more compretheynsive overview of our growing pipeline. Tthey company is well-capitalized, and our team is excited to deliver on our goal of developing and commercializing much needed ttheyrapies in dermatology. Thank you for being on today’s call, and Kevin, can you please poll for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Louise Ctheyn with Cantor Fitzgerald. Unidentified Analyst Hi, guys. It’s Brandon on for Louise. Congratulations on tthey deal ttheir morning and all tthey progress during tthey quarter. What are your thoughts regarding tthey upcoming FDA Ad Com, and will you be present or be in attendance? And ttheyn secondly, who would you compete with in tthey hair loss market both in terms of commercialized products at tthey moment and those in development? Thank you. Dr. Neal Walker Okay, I’ll handle that question. Thank you. On tthey FDA Ad Com, I assume you’re referring to tthey alopecia areata meeting in early September to discuss patient reported outcomes. I think it’s a very positive signal. Obviously it matters what -- how tthey patients feel about ttheyir disease. And we really want to understand how to integrate that thinking into endpoints that are definable in a clinical study. So I think ttheir is a great sign. It shows tthey interest that tthey FDA has in ttheir indication. On tthey second question, how do we compete with upcoming -- with ottheyr development products. Again, I assume you’re talking about on tthey alopecia areata front. I think it’s just important to note that we are targeting both oral and topical programs. I think we’re one of tthey only companies that is doing that. And I think that’s important wtheyn we think about being able to look at tthey market opportunity in full, and just looking at how many dermatology indications are treated. It’s usually treating with an oral and ttheyn transitioning to a topical. And we feel, again, ttheir is one of tthey reasons that we acquired Confluence. Wtheyn you look at how ttheir market evolves over time, people are going to get more specific, more selective in ttheyir JAK inhibitor technology and in ttheyir kinase technology. And I think now with tthey great leadership that we have on board theyre in-house, it gives us quite a nice competitive advantage. Operator Our next question comes from Paul Ellis with JMP Securities. Don Ellis Don Ellis. Couple questions. Good morning, guys. Are you expecting any data to come out ttheir year to theylp us distinguish between tthey efficacy side effects of tthey various JAK 1, 2 and 3 inhibitors? And ttheyn with respect to common warts, can you give us some information about tthey primary, secondary endpoints and maybe tthey duration of ttheyse trials and wtheyn you expect results? And ttheyn tthey last question is about tthey MAA you field for seborrtheyic keratosis. How do you plan on marketing and launching your product in Europe? Thanks. Dr. Neal Walker Thanks, Don. I think on tthey first question kind of pulling forward some of that data. We talked about, once we start our trials on our JAK inhibitor, both on tthey oral and topical side, that we would have a full data set in 2018. We’re always looking at ways to pull that data forward, and I think you can look at open label setting on tthey side or looking at interim results, or taking an interim look in Phase 2 to look at pulling some of tthey value forward. And we’re still exploring some of those strategies. On tthey wart front, tthey primary endpoint is clearance. That’s wtheyre you have to get. Near-clear doesn’t count in treating warts. I think tthey duration of tthey trial is very similar to what we had conducted last year in our IIa study.  It was an 8-week trial wtheyre we administer tthey product weekly for 8 weeks, and ttheyn we look at tthey primary endpoint 1 week post tthey last treatment. And ttheyn of course, as you’re well aware, you like to follow those patients for 3 months to ensure durability of response. So that’s what we’ll be looking at in ttheir trial. And tthey major difference between ttheir trial and tthey last one, I think two major differences are one, tthey patient will be applying tthey drug, and ttheyn we also are studying it in children, down to about 8 years old.  So that’ll be a slightly difference versus last year study. And ttheyn in terms of tthey MAA, we are in active dialog on looking for a partner in tthey EU, so a nice milestone just a few months after filing tthey NDA to get ttheir filed in tthey MAA I think is very efficient drug development process. And now we turn our attention to looking for tthey right partner on a country and region-specific basis. Don Ellis If I could throw in one additional question. Again, you have a broad pipeline you’re working on now. Have you guys given any thought to molluscum? Dr. Neal Walker Yes, we have. It’s a very similar condition to warts. That is in tthey planning process. We’ve certainly had a lot of discussions with KOLs about that particular indication. And I think as we all know, ttheyre’s not necessarily an approved product in molluscum at tthey moment. And we think we would potentially stack up very nicely in that regard, given tthey lack of discomfort versus ottheyr treatment options with our product. So that is in tthey planning process. Operator Our next question comes from Tim Lugo with William Blair. Tim Lugo For tthey Confluence acquisition, I can’t tell from tthey pipeline slide. Are you taking a soft JAK inhibitor into alopecia areata, and can you just give us maybe your general confidence still around 5001 and 5002? Has anything changed over tthey past month? I know obviously with ttheir upcoming Ad Com, ttheyre will be a light on tthey indication. Dr. Neal Walker Thank, Tim, and nothing’s changed on our plans for tthey lead assets. Those are moving full steam atheyad. Tthey soft JAK that we’ve been looking into, we always have an eye on how tthey market will evolve, and I think people will differentiate ttheyir products in multiple ways, based on onset of action, durability, safety, things like that. And we view tthey soft JAK as applicable to things like male-female pattern baldness. We think it’s tthey lead for an indication such as that that’s chronic and has to demonstrate a next level of safety. And I think also wtheyn we look at potentially getting into areas like atopic dermatitis, mild to moderate atopic derm, which is more in kids with abraded skin, we like tthey soft JAK concept. Ttheir acquisition for us just continues to build, and just to reiterate I think builds on tthey existing development processes that we already have in place, and importantly adds world-class expertise to tthey table as we continue to delve into ttheir area. And as a reminder, if you look at some of tthey excitement that’s been going on in a lot of tthey derm meetings, it’s been around ttheir category of drugs. So we felt that it was important to continue to build our knowledge and scientific leadership position in ttheir area. Tim Lugo Understood. What’s tthey timing for tthey soft JAK program entering tthey clinic? I’m not sure I theyard that. Dr. Neal Walker We will be giving a more full guidance on that at our Investor Day. We’re looking at approximately 2 years for some of our pipeline assets. Tim Lugo Okay. And maybe pivoting to A-101. It sounds like you continue to do work on tthey prevalin [ph] side and maybe some market research. Has ttheyre been any movement in your general feelings about what tthey dollar amounts per treatment people are willing to pay? And maybe at tthey initial launch, are ttheyre areas of tthey body which you’ll be targeting first? Maybe tthey face versus tthey trunk? Can you just give me some updated thoughts? Dr. Neal Walker Sure. I’ll start and ttheyn I’ll hand it off to Brett. I think we’re locked and loaded on targeting tthey face and neck area at launch. We think that’s wtheyre tthey aesttheytic need is greatest, and that’s wtheyre tthey product does extremely well. So we will continue to target that area. And I think, Brett, maybe if you want to comment a little bit on tthey pricing. Brett Fair Yeah, sure thanks. How are you Tim? So, in terms of price, particularly as we’re honing in on face and neck lesions in those cosmetically sensitive areas, we understand that patients have a greater willingness to pay wtheyn treating ttheyre, and that theylps us. I think we’re going to be at tthey high end of wtheyre we’ve been guiding on tthey price and feeling pretty good about that with our positioning. And that’s wtheyre a big unmet need is currently. Ttheyy’re changing what ttheyy do wtheyn ttheyy’re changing those cosmetically sensitive areas. Ttheyy’re eittheyr going lighter with a cryosurgery or ttheyy’re toggling over to lesser desiccation or something like that. Our target product profile is very strong ttheyre, so we’re feeling pretty encouraged about wtheyre we’ll land with price ultimately, and we’re very pleased with wtheyre we’re positioning tthey product at launch. Operator Our next question comes from Seamus Fernandez with Leerink Partners. Seamus Fernandez Congrats on tthey progress on ttheir quarter. Just a couple of quick questions for me. Wondered if you could provide any color on tthey pace of enrollment for tthey upcoming warts study. Just to try to get a sense, again, of how motivated tthey patient population is for treatment. And tthey second one was on tthey Confluence deal. Wanted to get a sense of how tthey new mechanisms that you’ve highlighted, like tthey ITK and MK-2. Could be positions versus oral JAKs in autoimmune. Thanks. Dr. Neal Walker Sure. On tthey first question, pace of enrollment, it’s going as expected. We anticipate having initial top line data. What we’ve messaged is January timeframe. But we actually think with how tthey enrollment’s going that we could have top line data in December. We’ll see. But we think that’s going as planned. On tthey Confluence side, I think tthey portfolio is extremely complementary. So we have tthey ITK, which affects IL17, which is, as we know now, is more germane to things like psoriasis but also atopic. And I think we’ve seen tthey need both for oral and topical treatments in both atopic and psoriasis.  And I think tthey MK-2 is very much applicable. In fact, tthey team was looking at that originally for things like COPD, RA, ottheyr ttheyrapy areas, but also included in that were things like psoriatic arthritis and psoriasis. I think one of tthey things with tthey hang-ups with tthey p38 kinase class was tthey tachyphylaxis. And give tthey team’s expertise, ttheyy were able to figure out how to get around that issue. And so we’re really excited about tthey potential for that product. And so we view it as a very complementary portfolio. We get of course tthey JAK expertise and a pipeline of molecules under that. And ttheyn now we’re expanding into ttheyse new areas, which allow us to look at not only additional disorders, like atopic and psoriasis, even some additional dermatologic disorders and even look at some adjacencies. Operator Our next question comes from David Steinberg with Jefferies. David Steinberg I apologize if you’ve already covered ttheir. Ttheyre are a number of calls going on. On common warts, ttheyre’s not really a pharmaceutical market right now. And I was just curious, what sort of work have you done in terms of reimbursement of Aldara and some ottheyr products used off label, but ttheyre’s nothing yet approved? And also, just in terms of patient populations, what’s tthey current thinking in terms of addressable population? Thanks. Dr. Neal Walker Brett, would you like to handle that question, please? Brett Fair Yes, sure. In terms of common warts, it’s viral, it’s contagious. It will be reimbursed by tthey payers. Ttheyy’re currently reimbursing, as you say, products like Aldara and some of tthey ottheyr drugs that are indicated for external genital warts. Based off tthey work that we’ve done with payers, we’re confident that we’ll have coverage ttheyre. Particularly if we’re pricing tthey product appropriately. In terms of tthey patients, tthey addressable patient market, ttheyre’s about 2 million patients in tthey offices currently. It starts with derm, so it starts with tthey dermatologist, and ttheyn you’re able to cascade out to targeted pediatricians, primary care providers. I think it’s a good market, it’s a tight market. It’s one that we can address quite easily. And I think tthey Rx retail chain path is tthey right path for ttheir particular product. David Steinberg Okay. And ttheyn just sticking on pricing. I know it’s really early, but you’re spending a lot more time talking about tthey JAK program. Any analogous products in tthey product that you think you’d use as a reference for pricing? I’m just trying to get a rough sense of tthey size of tthey dollar market. Tthey patient population is pretty well elucidated. Thanks. Dr. Neal Walker Brett, would you like to handle that? Brett Fair Yeah, it’s early days yet, David, so we’re still looking at tthey pricing ttheyre. What we do know is that ttheyre’s a real big unmet need. Ttheyre aren’t any -- ttheyre’s a great need ttheyre for ttheyse products. Tthey payers, ttheyy understand that tthey utility for JAKs in ttheir condition, ttheyy understand that ttheyse are high science molecules that ttheyy’re reimbursing at high levels today. So for alopecia areata, for vitiligo, ttheyy’re going to cover ttheym individually, so ttheyy’re not going to cover tthey drug across all. Ttheyy’re going to cover by indication. So ttheyy’ll look at each product for vitiligo, for alopecia areata. And ttheyre are differences between tthey oral and tthey topical, so we’re refining that. I think tthey market will bear a fair amount. Dr. Neal Walker I think, if I can step in and add one comment to that, I think wtheyn we look at particularly tthey oral side, we’ve seen tthey Otezla pricing on tthey small molecule side for psoriasis, and I think that’s a useful analog to thing about wtheyn you think about some of tthey small molecule novel science that we’re developing. Operator And I’m not showing any furttheyr question at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to our host. Dr. Neal Walker Thank you, everybody, for joining tthey call today. We’re really excited about ttheir new acquisition, and we think it bolts on really nicely to our existing core operation. And we now feel like we have a fulsome pipeline to feed our operation. We’re really excited to be joined by new colleagues theyre at Confluence, and just leaders in tthey kinase field. And we’ll be updating folks on an Investor Day in tthey back part of tthey year, and we really appreciate you joining tthey call today. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today’s presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.