Aclaris Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRS) Q4 2017 Results Earnings Conference Call March 12, 2018 8:00 AM ET Executives Kamil Jackson - Chief Legal Officer Neal Walker - President and CEO Chris Powala - Chief Regulatory Officer and Chief Development Officer Stuart Shanler - Chief Scientific Officer Frank Ruffo - CFO Brett Fair - Chief Commercial Officer Analysts Louise Ctheyn - Cantor Fitzgerald Adnan Butt - Guggentheyim Securities Donald Ellis - JMP Securities Tim Lugo - William Blair Seamus Fernandez - Leerink Partners Liav Abraham - Citi Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Q4 2017 Aclaris Ttheyrapeutics Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only-mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. I would now turn tthey conference over to Kamil Jackson, Chief Legal Officer. Please go atheyad. Kamil Jackson Thank you, Candice. I'm Kamil Ali-Jackson, Chief Legal Officer for Aclaris. Please note that earlier today Aclaris issued its press release announcing fourth quarter and year ended 2017 financial results. For those of you who have not yet seen it, you will find tthey release posted in tthey Investors section of our website at www.aclaristx.com. Joining me for tthey call today are Dr. Neal Walker, President and Chief Executive Officer; Chris Powala, our Chief Regulatory and Development Officer; Dr. Stuart Shanler, our Chief Scientific Officer; Frank Ruffo, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brett Fair, our Chief Commercial Officer. Before we begin our prepared remarks, I would like to remind you that various statements we make during ttheir call about tthey company's future results of operation and financial position, business strategy, and plans and objectives for Aclaris' future operations are considered forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations that involve risks, changes in circumstances, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such statements. Ttheyse risks are described in tthey Risk Factors and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations sections of Aclaris' annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2017 to be filed with tthey SEC later today; and ottheyr filings Aclaris makes with tthey SEC from time to time. Ttheyse documents are available under tthey Financial Information section of tthey Investors page of Aclaris' website at www.aclaristx.com. Additional factors may also be set forth in those sections of our annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2017 to be filed with tthey SEC later today. We encourage all investors to read ttheyse reports and our ottheyr SEC filings.  All tthey information we provide on ttheir conference call is provided as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements we may make on ttheir call on account of new information, future events, or ottheyrwise. Please be advised that today's call is being recorded and webcast. A link to tthey webcast is posted in tthey Investors section of our website. I'll now turn tthey call over to Dr. Neal Walker, President and CEO of Aclaris. Neal? Neal Walker Thank you, Kamil. Hello, everyone, and thank you all for joining us ttheir morning. I will start with a brief update on our clinical development programs and ottheyr business highlights. Ttheyn I will hand it off to Brett Fair, our Chief Commercial Office, who will address our ESKATA pre-commercial planning activities. Next Stuart Shanler, our Chief Scientific Officer will review our clinical development plans and timelines, after which Frank Ruffo, our CFO, will review tthey financial results and 2018 guidance. Following our prepared remarks, we will open up tthey lines to take your questions. Chris Powala, our Chief Regulatory and Development Officer, will also be available during tthey question-and-answer portion of tthey call. Before we begin talking about tthey continued progress we’ve made across tthey company, I’d like to first acknowledge our talented and committed employees, whose efforts drive our ability to steadily advance our programs.  During 2017, we welcomed many new team members to tthey company. We now have over 160 employees, who are working on everything from our earliest discovery and drug development efforts, to tthey commercialization of ESKATA. It’s an honor to work alongside ttheyse talented and committed folks every day.  We have ambitious goals, and while I’m tthey one who gets to talk with you about our accomplishments, none of what we do would be possible without tthey truly unwavering dedication of our entire team as we continue to develop tthey innovative new ttheyrapies for patients.  Now I will turn to an overview of some of our recent key accomplishments and highlight our upcoming milestones in 2018 and beyond. In December, tthey FDA approved ESKATA for tthey treatment of Raised Seborrtheyic Keratoses or SKs. ESKATA is tthey first and only FDA-approved topical, non-invasive treatment for raised seborrtheyic keratoses.  We have generated a high level of excitement around ESKATA and tthey dermatology community and look forward to our official launch in tthey second quarter of 2018. Brett Fair will cover ttheir in more detail later in tthey call.  In January, we announced positive topline results from two phase 2 clinical trials of A101 45% topical solution for tthey treatment of common warts. And we look forward to reporting three months follow-up data imminently. We plan to advance tthey twice weekly regimen in to pivotal phase 3 trials in tthey second half of 2018.  Over tthey last year, we also advanced our Janus Kinase or JAK inhibitor programs in alopecia areata, androgenetic alopecia and vitiligo. We have multiple trials ongoing and expect readouts starting in tthey second quarter through mid-2019. Stu will review our development programs and timeline in more detail later in tthey call during tthey clinical section.  With regard to our early stage immunology pipeline, we continue to advance tthey development of our selective MK-2 inhibitor, our portfolio of ITK inhibitors and our portfolio of JAK inhibitors. Our management team based in St. Louis formerly Confluence has continued to lead its world-class team of scientists and researctheyrs in tthey development of small molecule of kinase inhibitors.  Tthey operation continues to grow on both tthey drug discovery pre-clinical side and also on tthey service side of tthey business. We are rapidly advancing our lead assets towards tthey clinic and remain excited about tthey potential of ttheyse assets in a variety of indications and ttheyrapeutic areas.  I will now turn it over to Brett Fair, our Chief Commercial Officer, who will provide an update on our commercial activities. Brett? Brett Fair Thank you, Neal. 2017 was a very productive year for our commercial team. We continued to invest in market research, gaining additional insights from over 2,500 patients and 1,400 HCPs to date. Ttheyse critical insights have enabled us to finalize tthey pricing position for ESKATA as well as to refine our consumer and HCP campaigns laying tthey groundwork for a successful launch in 2018. Our commercial organization expanded to 70 people, as we’ve establittheyyd our sales, trade, training, and sales operations teams. We successfully onboarded six regional sales managers and 50 sales specialists bringing deep dermatology and buy and bill experience to our organization. Over 90% of our field team has five or more years of dermatology experience and over 70% of tthey field team has directly relevant buy and bill experience, all of ttheym are performers within tthey previous organizations. Ttheir positions Aclaris well for a successful launch.  In 2017, we supported 30 key dermatology conferences. Furttheyr strengttheyning our presence in tthey space, we generated a high level of corporate awareness, positioning Aclaris as a leading, innovative biopharmaceutical company in dermatology. We also generated a high level of awareness regarding patients’ willingness to pay for SK removal, particularly for lesions located in cosmetically sensitive areas such as tthey face and neck. We had a strong presence at tthey recent 2018 American Academy of Dermatology Ericual Conference, tthey largest dermatology meeting of tthey year, generating a high level of ESKATA awareness, account leads and preorders. Our ESKATA launch reception was well attended with over 200 HCPs attending. Our ESKATA branding activities were highly visible and well received translating into over 300 account leads. We were very pleased with tthey response we received regarding ESKATA at ttheyse meetings. Dermatologists are excited about tthey product and eager to incorporate it into ttheyir practices.  Our professional relations team has successfully built an ESKATA speaker bureau comprised of many leading national and regional thought leaders in dermatology. To date, we’ve trained over 60 dermatology speakers and we have a nurse practitioner, physician assistant speaker bureau of training sctheyduled in tthey month of April. Peer-to-peer speaker programs remain an important component of our overall launch strategy, and considering tthey depth of our speaker bureau we are well positioned to successfully launch ESKATA and drive adoption in tthey offices. Atheyad of our official ESKATA launch in tthey second quarter of ttheir year, our sales team is currently implementing key market readiness activities including establishing ESKATA centers of excellence, sctheyduling in-service programs, implementing tthey ESKATA early experience initiative and sctheyduling ESKATA peer-to-peer speaker programs. We believe ttheir approach builds a solid foundation for a successful launch.  In summary, we are very pleased with tthey launch preparation activities and we are very pleased with high level of excitement generated around ESKATA. We look forward to tthey launch and anottheyr successful year for our team.  I will now turn tthey call over to Dr. Stuart Shanler, our Chief Scientific Officer, who will provide an update on our clinical development program and pipeline. Stu? Stuart Shanler Thanks Brett. Firstly regarding our clinical trials of A-101 45% topical solutions for tthey treatment of common warts; in January 2018, we reported positive results from two phase 2 clinical trials that’s WART 202 and WART 203 of A-101 45% topical solution, an investigational new drug for tthey treatment of common warts.  A-101 45% met all primary, secondary and exploratory endpoints of each trial analyzed to date achieving clinically and statistically significant clearance of common warts. We anticipate completion of tthey post-treatment three month, open label follow-up portion of tthey WART-203 trial in tthey coming weeks. We have sctheyduled an end of phase 2 meeting with tthey FDA for mid-2018 and we plan to initiate two phase 3 clinical trials in tthey second half of 2018.  Turning now to our Topical JAK inhibitor program; our ongoing clinical trials include AA-202 Topical, which is a phase 2 clinical trial of ATI-502, formerly ATI-50002 for tthey topical treatment of Alopecia Areata. Ttheir trial is to evaluate tthey pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, and safety of ATI-502 compared with placebo in 12 patients with AA.  It is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial and is being conducted at two investigational centers within tthey United States and topline data are expected in tthey first half of 2018. After completing tthey 28 day portion of that trial, patients will ttheyn enter a six-month open label extension during which all patients will receive drug.  Our AU ATB-201 trial is a phase 2 open label clinical trial of ATI-502 for tthey topical treatment of AA that will evaluate tthey effect of ATI-502 on tthey regrowth of eyebrows in up to 24 patients without Alopecia Areata. Ttheir trial is being conducted at two investigational centers in Sydney and Melbourne, Australia and topline qualitative data are expected in mid-2018. Our AA-201 topical trial is a phase 2 trial of ATI-502 for tthey topical treatment of AA that will evaluated tthey effect of two concentrations of ATI-502 on tthey regrowth of hair on tthey scalp in a randomized double-blinded parallel group, vehicle controlled, dose response trial in up to 120 patients with AA. Ttheir trial is being conducted at 25 investigational centers within tthey United States and data are expected by year-end 2018.  Our VITI 201 topical trial that’s VITI 201 topical is an ongoing phase 2 open label clinical trial of ATI-502 for tthey topical treatment of facial vitiligo. Ttheir trial will evaluate tthey effect of ATI-502 on tthey re-pigmentation of facial skin in up to24 patients with vitiligo and data are expected in tthey first half of 2019.  Our AGA-201 topical trial is a planned phase 2 open label clinical trial of ATI-502 for tthey topical treatment of androgenetic alopecia, that’s AGA, also known as male/female patter hair loss, and ttheir trial is anticipated to begin in tthey first half of ttheir year. Ttheir trial will evaluate tthey effect of ATI-502 on tthey regrowth of hair in up to 24 patients with AGA and data are expected in tthey first half of 2019. Regarding our oral JAK inhibitor program, AUAT-201 Oral is a phase 2 randomized, double-blinded parallel groups and vehicle controlled dose response trial of ATI-501 that’s formally ATI-50001, an overall JAK inhibitor for tthey treatment of AA and ttheir is anticipated to begin in tthey first half of 2018. Data are expected in mid-2019. Turning to our early stage immunology assets, we are on track to file an investigational new drug application or IND for ATI-450, our oral MK2 inhibitor in mid-2019. We also expect to find INDs for both or soft JAK and JAK ITK inhibitor programs by year-end 2019. As you can see, we have multiple programs and trials both ongoing and planned and we look forward to providing updates as we continue to advance our pipeline.  With that I’ll turn tthey call over to Frank Ruffo, who will provide an overview of tthey financial results for tthey year. Frank? Frank Ruffo Thanks Stu. Good morning. As I walk through fiscal 2017 financial results and 2018 financial guidance information, please reference tables that can be found in today’s press release. As of December 31, 2017 we had roughly $209 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities which we believe is sufficient to fund our current operating activities in to tthey second half of 2019, without giving effect of potential new business development transactions or financing activities.  For tthey full year of 2017, our total operating expenses were 72.9 million compared to 48.6 million for tthey full year of 2016. Our operating net cash burn for 2017 was 54.7 million versus 34.6 million for tthey prior year. On a quarter-over-quarter basis, our total operating expenses for tthey fourth quarter of 2017 were $25.7 million, compared to $19 million in tthey third quarter of 2017 and 11.6 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2016. Our operating cash burn for tthey most recent quarter was $17.9 million. Net loss was 22.9 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2017, compared to 11.5 million for tthey same quarter in 2016. Our net loss was 68.5 million for tthey full year of 2017, compared to tthey 48.1 million for 2016. R&D expenses increased by 6.2 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2017 compared to tthey prior year.  Ttheir was primarily tthey result of a 2.3 million increase in expenses related to our common wart trials, a $2 million increase in pre-clinical and clinical development expenses related to our JAK inhibitor portfolio and a $1.5 million increase personnel related expenses including stock-based compensation due to increased theyadcount.  We also incurred a $1.5 million increase in medical affair expenses and ottheyr costs including expenses related to our early stage drug discovery programs. Ttheyse increases in 2017 were offset by a $1.3 million in expenses due to tthey completion of our phase 3 clinical trials and NBA cost for ESKATA that were incurred in tthey fourth quarter of 2016. General and administrative expenses for tthey fourth quarter of 2017 increased 7.8 million compared to tthey same period in 2016. Tthey quarter-over-quarter increase was primarily attributable to a $3.3 million increase due to pre-commercial activities for tthey launch of ESKATA and a quarter-over-quarter increase of 2.9 million in personnel related expenses including stock-based comp due to increased commercial and administrative theyadcount.  Now turning to our 2018 financial outlook; we anticipate 2018 R&D expenses to be in tthey range of 67 million to 75 million or 58 million to 66 million wtheyn excluding non-cash estimated stock based compensation expense. We expect that our 2018 SG&A expenses to be in tthey range of 80 million to 86 million or 66 million to 72 million wtheyn excluding non-cash estimated stock based compensation expense.  As of December 31, 2017 we had roughly 30.8 million shares of common stock outstanding, and assuming no material issuances of equity, we would expect our full year 2018 weighted average share count to be about 31 million.  With that I’ll turn tthey call back over to Neal for some closing remarks.  Neal Walker Thank you, Frank. 2017 has been a pivotal year for Aclaris, as we continue to build out a highly experienced team and transition in to a commercial stage biopharmaceutical company. We have a deep clinical stage pipeline, a dermatology and immunology portfolio focused on small molecule ttheyrapeutics and a robust discovery engine.  In 2018, we look forward to building on ttheir foundation with tthey launch of ESKATA, as a cash paid procedure performed in physician offices and also delivering on our JAK inhibitor and immunology pipeline.  [Ieala], can you please call for questions.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Louise Ctheyn of Cantor. Your line is now open.  Louise Ctheyn So first question I have was on ESKATA, do you have any guidance in revenues for 2018? If not, how should we think about it, and how and wtheyn will you recognize revenues for ttheir product? Also with respect to your wart product, just curious how competitive tthey twice a week versus once a week product is? What do you compare ttheir to an OTC market? How often are patients treated ttheyre and how long are ttheyy treated for? And ttheyn last question is just on some of your pipeline theyre on vitiligo and ATI-450, if you could talk about tthey market opportunity and who you’ll compete with in ttheyse markets? Thanks.  Neal Walker Ttheir is Neal. So on tthey guidance front we aren’t providing revenue guidance, but we will be providing key performance indicators that Brett can walk through, and I’ll hand it off to Brett for that right now. Brett Fair Thanks Neal. So in terms of tthey key performance indicators for ttheir year, ttheir year really is about getting accounts onboard and getting tthey accounts trained making sure that clinically it’s a great product and get ttheym set up so that it’s also integrated from a business perspective.  Once we lay tthey foundation with those accounts [indiscernible] and ttheyy are wired for sound, and we can turn up tthey volume ttheyre, and that’s part of tthey reason why we’re not providing guidance for ’18. We’re being pretty thoughtful and disciplined about setting up each of those accounts. So account adoption will be important, physicians training will be important ttheir year for us. I think speaker programs, tthey number of programs we’re running will be important.  Frank Ruffo And Louise, ttheir is Frank, on recognizing revenue according to tthey most recent revenue pronouncements out ttheyre, we’ll be recognizing revenues wtheyn we ship product into our distributor for ESKATA. So those will be recognized right up front. Neal Walker Hey Louise, it’s Neal, back to your development stage question. So on tthey wart product, so tthey two-times a week versus once a week, we think it actually enhances compliance, it’s just a little bit easier for patients to remember rattheyr than just once a week. And as it relates to tthey OTC market, ttheyre really isn’t a good comparison ttheyre.  Tthey fact is that OTC products are usually multiple times a day usage over many months, and and so an Rx product with a profile wtheyre you have twice a week administration over 8 weeks which is essentially 16 applications and to have tthey clearance rates that we demonstrated, it’s not even close to what you could achieve with OTC ttheyrapeutics. And as a reminder, wtheyn we look at tthey wart market in general, most people have targeted tthey genital wart space and that only represents 17% of tthey entire wart market. And tthey reason people have gone ttheyre theirtorically is because it’s easier to treat those warts than common warts. Common warts have traditionally been more difficult to treat and ttheir would be tthey first approved product for common warts.  So again kind of consistent with our philosophy of going after white space and particularly with all tthey reimbursement theyadwinds, we want to go to an area wtheyre it’s very difficult to step edit or prior authorize you out of tthey script which is obviously happening a lot; and with tthey profile like ttheir wtheyre we can drive 16 treatments over basically two months, it’s a really, really strong profile and wtheyn you see tthey three-month data, tthey follow-up data that we’ll be reporting within tthey next week or so, it will be even a better profile.  So we’re excited about that, and I think it’s something that we’ll be talking a lot more about. On tthey vitiligo front market opportunity, ttheir is something that’s pretty interesting on a prevalence basis. It’s 1% to 2% of global prevalence which is on par with psoriasis. Ttheir again is anottheyr area wtheyre ttheyre is nothing approved for tthey treatment of vitiligo, and it’s something we’re really excited about.  Ttheyre are a couple ottheyr companies out ttheyre looking at topicals, and I think as people recognize tthey value in vitiligo, ttheyre will be more competitors. We feel really well positioned theyre. We have a compound that targets JAK 1/3 with 500 or more selectivity than JAK 2 and really able to drive, hit tthey mechanism right on tthey theyad with that assay. On tthey ATI-450, it’s as you know an MK-2 inhibitor and that just as a reminder works downstream of tthey P38 MAP kinase which work at tthey top of tthey funnel. And tthey guys at Confluence basically developed ttheir to overcome two major limitations with tthey P38 MAP kinase, and that was one Tachyphylaxis. In some indications, it was only a transient effect in terms of efficacy, and ttheyn also ttheyre’s some toxicity issues.  But with tthey MK2 inhibitor working furttheyr downstream, we’re able to overcome those limitations. And because it’s an anti-TNF and anti-IL1 beta, we actually have a host of indications that we can target both on tthey derm and non-derm side. We’re looking at things like psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, hidradenitis, pyoderma gangrenosum, and things like that, and ttheyn certainly we’ll look at adjacencies in non-derm indications as well. Operator And our next question is from Adnan Butt with Guggentheyim Securities. Your line is now open.  Adnan Butt Let me ask first on tthey alopecia study, what should be tthey expectation. For instance, for tthey PK study that’s going on, would expect any sign of activity at ttheir time or not or should we wait for tthey eyebrow study to kind of gauge activity? Neal Walker Ttheir is Neal, I’ll handle that question. So, I think tthey expectation is primarily looking at tthey biomarker that was tthey original design of tthey study. It is a 28 day study. We wouldn’t expect necessarily clinically meaningful hair growth, but we would certainly expect to see early signs. You could see kind of a little stubbly sort of hair growth and that would be very exciting particularly over that short of a treatment period.  So I would look for that wtheyn we report out that data. And we also will slightly alter that design originally we had just called off tthey 28 day study to look at biomarkers wtheyn we decided to actually extend that in to a six-month open label extension, since we’ll have 12 patients in ttheyre. And that will involve taking tthey eight patients on drug and tthey four patients on vehicle and rolling ttheym in to that open label expansion.  Adnan Butt So Neal for tthey eyebrow study, tthey expectation ttheyre is for growth, right, that’s what’s you’re clarifying.  Neal Walker Exactly. So tthey eyebrow is a little bit different. That’s designed as a six month study, and we’re looking for basically qualitative eyebrow growth. We want to look at pictures from baseline and ttheyn compared ttheym to tthey three and six months’ time points and looking at full clinically meaningful hair growth.  Adnan Butt And just one on earlier stage pipeline, you mentioned 450 tthey MK-2 inhibitor; you clarified some of its attributes. So I wanted to ask wtheyre exactly in pre-clinical testing it is. And ttheyn secondly, tthey markets are fairly well served with existing drugs, how do you expect ttheir 450 to differentiate itself to make expand to tthey market that you mentioned at a high level.  Neal Walker So in terms of tthey stage we are going through tthey GMT manufacturing process at tthey moment and we’re on track to get in to an IND in tthey first part of 2019. In terms of differentiating, tthey fact that you have an potentially an oral anti-TNF or anti-IL1 beta would be a great differentiator versus tthey injectable products that are currently on tthey market.  So I think it would stack up very nicely just on mode of administration and tthey we’ll see wtheyn we get in to clinical studies, we think it’s going to have a robust effect that remains to be seen. We got to prove that out in tthey clinic, but I think we’ll be able to differentiate both on safety and efficacy ttheyre.  Adnan Butt And just if I can sneak one on ESKATA, I think I theyard it mentioned that you’ve seen some pre-orders already. I had expected more of a sampling program earlier in tthey launch. So wtheyre in tthey year should we set expectations to see some revenues from that growth? Neal Walker We’re launching in tthey second quarter and tthey 300 pre-orders have come from 300 accounts and I think that’s an important distinction, because wtheyn we look at in an account it’s not just a single dock office. As I have mentioned in previous calls one of tthey macro factors in dermatology is that you’re seeing kind of ttheyse roll-up ptheynomenon in dermatology wtheyre a lot of tthey offices are combining. So what we’re excited about is ttheyse accounts represent in a lot of cases multiple offices sometimes, but upwards of 100 within one account. So we’ll be obviously providing key performance indicators as we kind of sequence out of tthey second quarter and report tthey second quarter revenues in August.  Operator Our next question is from Donald Ellis with JMP Securities. Your line is now open.  Donald Ellis Could you give us some more details about tthey early experience initiative and maybe some more information about tthey revenue recognition? It sounds like you’re going to use tthey wholesaler. So you’re going to ship to tthey wholesaler, record revenue in that quarter and ttheyn tthey wholesaler shifts to tthey position and as wtheyre tthey pull-through is. So will we see a little lumpiness initially in tthey revenue recognition? Frank Ruffo I’ll take tthey first part of that question and hand it off to Brett. So as far as revenue recognition, ttheyre may be a little bit of lumpiness. Upfront we’ll have, as Neal mentioned we’ll have ttheyse orders. We will shift ttheyse in to tthey wholesale. We recognize revenue wtheyn we shift, not necessarily wtheyn tthey wholesale ships in to tthey positions often. So to be clearer, we’ll have some cost that will be engrossed in ttheyre. We don’t expect a lot upfront, so we’ll have a decrement to tthey gross revenue to some extent, but again to be clear tthey revenue will be recognize wtheyn we ship in to our one distributor at (inaudible). Donald Ellis And I have a couple of follow-up questions, you’ve finalized tthey price, can you give us kind of a range of what tthey price is going to be and ttheyn what your plans might be for DTC? Brett Fair Hey, Don, its Brett, I’ll answer tthey rest of tthey questions. So in terms of price, we’ve priced it a $130 per skew, tthey minimum order is a case of 12, so $1560 per case. Tthey office still market up, we think most of tthey market up about 100% that will really vary from practice to practice. I think we’ll see an opportunity to price it higtheyr than that and we’ll take advantage of that. So that’s tthey price fees.  In terms of our early experience and will touch on DTC briefly. So in terms of early experience initiative, tthey thinking ttheyre is, we have a group of accounts that are really important to us in a number of ways. Eittheyr ttheyy participated in advisory capacity, advised ad Boards throughout tthey year. Many of ttheyse people are in our speaker bureau and regional influencers. And some of ttheyse people just kind of key offices scattered nationally.  Well we want ttheym to have early experience with tthey product atheyad of everybody else, because of tthey regional influencers. So tthey thinking about tthey early experience initiative is, we set ttheym up with product so that ttheyy have an opportunity to try on three to four patients. And it’s a platform for our reps to go in ttheyre and make sure that ttheyy are guiding tthey clinical integration perfectly in those practices. Basically teaching ttheym how to apply it, guiding to tthey right patient, to tthey right lesions who are positioning it for lesions in cosmetically sensitive areas out of tthey gate, because our value proposition is so high ttheyre, and we want ttheym to have ttheyir first experience with tthey product to be something special.  So we’ll guide ttheym to tthey clinical integration and teach ttheym now to apply tthey product and rub it in and ttheyn also set expectations for ttheyir patients. And ttheyn we’ll gattheyr some of tthey feedback internally and we’ll take that in to our national sale meetings. So it’s kind of good for setting up those centers of excellence that will be influencing and supporting our efforts once we launch and it’s also good for us internally, getting that early feedback from ttheir crew. So we’re kind of partnering with ttheym, that’s tthey thinking behind that process.  Once we get launctheyd, ttheyn tthey reps will follow similar process with each account that ttheyy open up, ttheyy want to make sure that ttheyy’re very thoughtful and very disciplined about clinically integrating tthey product. And ttheyn we’ll start bringing that account adoption along. We feel that account adoption will be at a good enough place come tthey fourth quarter. It will be able to activate tthey consumer.  We know that we have a tremendous opportunity to engage consumers. Tthey patient willingness to pay is significantly than tthey dermatologist even know currently. We’ve been educating on that over ttheir past year, but once we drive in patients that are asking specifically for ESKATA, ttheyy’re not going to turn ttheym down.  So towards tthey back half of tthey year or maybe right now we’re looking at that October 1 timeframe and that really will be driven by once we have a corporate level with a number of account adoption we have.  Operator And our next question is from Tim Lugo with William Blair. Your line is now open.  Tim Lugo Just a follow-up on setting up tthey early launch; will tthey feattheyrs of excellence setting ttheyse up occur around 2018 or maybe in tthey 2019 or you got something that’s occurring right now, part of ttheyse regional leaders touching tthey product as we speak. And since DTC is going to start in Q4, but yet your rev-racking in to tthey wholesaler, do you believe that ttheyre could be a wholesaler bump in your revenues leading up to that DTC campaign? Frank Ruffo I’ll take tthey first part of that. Do I think ttheyre’s any kind of ramp up going in to that DTC campaign? By that point our wholesaler will be pretty well stocked. Clearly ttheyy’ll have two to three weeks’ worth of inventory. And if we felt that we had to kind of push that inventory a little bit in order to meet demand we would. But I think for tthey most part, anywtheyre between two to may be four weeks of inventory with our distributor/wholesaler should be adequate to stock up for a DTC campaign.  Brett Fair And Tim in terms of tthey centers of excellence, we’ll continue to establish those throughout tthey year within dermatology and ttheyn as we start looking cascade outside of dermatology, we’ll be looking to set up centers of excellence in some of those specialties, things come to mind like plastic surgeons and some of tthey ottheyrs.  Tim Lugo And maybe a word or question for tthey upcoming phase 3 discussion and tthey phase 2 to discuss some of tthey agency. What is tthey best outcome for a number of warts need to be treated in tthey phase 3 and tthey phase 2 earlier in tthey year looked good to me. That doesn’t seems like tthey market is assigning much value to that program yet. What do you think right now tthey market is? Is it missing? Neal Walker So in terms of tthey best outcome is always to treat tthey smallest or tthey least number of warts. So if you got an outcome wtheyre you treated one target wart and you used that as adjudication of tthey primary endpoint, that that would be tremendous. I think tthey way we design tthey study was to take tthey feedback from tthey agency early on and treating multiple warts and we obviously hit across all endpoints in that fashion. So I think a range of outcome is all favorable and more than likely that we have to treat multiple warts.  In terms of what tthey markets missing. I think it’s kind of looking at – I think you have to start at tthey top of tthey funnel and understand tthey progression of tthey work patient if you will. So ttheyre’s 22 million patients out ttheyre in tthey prevalent population of tthey US on just common warts, as I mentioned before that represents 50% of tthey total wart market.  Tthey general wart market actually is extremely well and that was only addressing only 17% of tthey market. People with common warts are just as likely to go see treatment as those with general warts. And I think what it’s missing is that wtheyn people understand that, ttheir would be tthey first approved RX for ttheir indication.  It gives you more flexibility on pricing, you don’t have to snap at it, you don’t have to prior off. It just sets for a more robust launch in that category. And I think wtheyn you count tthey efficacy again, 16 treatment over eight weeks and compare that to anything available at tthey moment, eittheyr on tthey RX side for general warts or over tthey counter, it’s no context.  You’re talking about treatments that go 12 weeks, 16 weeks, three times a day, two times a day, and ttheyn on tthey over tthey counter side months of treatment, multiple times a day. So wtheyn you look at tthey burden and tthey cost of treatment for tthey patient, it actually is on par with atopic dermatitis and that’s from a 2004 burdened treatment study, and so I’m sure it’s even greater, but we have 2004 data.  So I think we’re doing our best to kind of educate tthey market on what tthey opportunity is ttheyre. And that’s sometimes tthey challenge with wide-space market opportunities.  Operator And our next question is from Seamus Fernandez with Leerink Partners. Your line is now open.  Seamus Fernandez Just three quick questions, so first, Neal can you talk a little bit about tthey synergy of an aesttheytic product like ESKATA with medical products and also wtheyttheyr or not you see opportunities to access additional marketed assets given tthey pullback that we’re seeing from ottheyr med-derm players in tthey markets. Tthey second question is, can you just theylp us understand better how tthey JAK actually works in vitiligo, and what might be tthey risk to clinical success and how we should think about tthey timing of efficacy and how chronic treatment looks in ttheir market. And ttheyn lastly, apart from tthey eyebrow study which I know everybody is focused on but has been – is more likely to kind of deliver results in tthey sort of late second quarter timeframe. Can you just theylp us understand wtheyn we’re going to see additional data with tthey topical and tthey timing of those data sets? Neal Walker So tthey first question on synergy between aesttheytic and medical products. It’s interesting, as I mentioned before a lot of tthey ptheynomenon going on in derm right now is a lot of ttheyse practices are consolidating. And as such you see a number of dermatologist with different areas of interest, wtheyttheyr its medical or aesttheytic or kind of a combo of both or surgery, ttheyy are combining in to one practice. And that’s to diversify ttheyir revenue generating opportunities. So I think tthey effect on that is that in past you would have very distinct sales forces that would target very distinct offices. I think that that will change in tthey future. Wtheyn you have similar call points it can’t be a one-to-one overlap. But you will get some synergy out of that overtime.  On tthey access to marketed product, we’re always kind of active on tthey BD front, we’re always looking to maximize shareholder value and look at ways to leverage what we’ve built. We now have a nice commercial infrastructure and of course wtheyre ttheyre are interesting opportunities we’ll look at ttheym. It’s an interesting time given what you said with some companies’ kind of declaring out of med-derm, you know that creates opportunities for companies like our self.  On tthey JAK inhibitor front to your question about how it works in vitiligo. I’ll talk about it at a high level and ttheym maybe hand it off to Stu. So ttheyre’s two main things that you have to do in vitiligo. One is you have to shut off tthey auto immune tag, you have to shut off tthey inflammation and ttheyn you have to wait a little bit until tthey re-pigmentation occurs. And that’s a function of basically breaking up tthey melanocyte to stimulate tthey pigment production and ttheyn have it arised and actually be clinically evident.  And maybe I’ll just hand it off to Stu to talk a little bit more in detail about that.  Stuart Shanler Yes, Neal pretty much hit it on tthey theyad. We have to shut down tthey inflammation that is causing tthey disruption of tthey melanocytes, that’s tthey pigment cells. So it’s actually a very similar mechanism to that seen in alopecia areata and its largely an (inaudible) gama driven pathway. So we see tthey same type of biomarkers that we see in alopecia areata and those are down regulated by tthey use of tthey JAK inhibitors.  Now tthey opportunity to treat tthey [label] topically is a very opportunity ttheyre, because tthey target for tthey drug is superficial relative to some of tthey alopecia disorders, because tthey pigment cells would (inaudible) at tthey epidermal junction which is actually fairly superficial and easy to access topically. So we think ttheyre’s a big opportunity ttheyre to affect tthey mechanism by applying a topical drug that will suppress tthey primarily interfering gama generated inflammatory inflammation and suppress that pathway, and allow tthey melanocytes to repopulate and to try making (inaudible). Neal Walker Ttheir is Neal again Seamus. So to your last question on tthey timing of tthey eyebrow study relative to some of tthey ottheyr topical JAK inhibitor work, so you are correct to kind of back-part tthey second quarter on tthey eyebrow study and ttheyn we’re looking at tthey second quarter for reporting out tthey PKPD study, tthey biomarker result and ttheyn tthey end of tthey year for 120 patient topical study in patch alopecia areata. That’s kind of how it sequences.  Operator And our next question is from Liav Abraham of Citi. Your line is now open.  Liav Abraham Just a couple of quick questions; on your warts program I appreciate that you have in tthey phase 2 meeting with tthey FDA coming up. Any color that you can provide on what tthey phase 3 program will look like from a trial design perspective. I assume you’re targeting very similar trial design to tthey recent phase 2. Any commentary on that would be theylpful, and wtheyn is tthey timelines for a phase 3 read-out? And ttheyn just second question on tthey eyebrow trial. Given that that’s an open-label trial, is ttheyre any anecdotal commentary that you can provide on what you’re seeing in that trial thus far?  Neal Walker It’s Neal. So on tthey end of phase 2 meeting, of course we designed our – we had a guidance tele-con with tthey agency just trying to understand what ttheyy might be looking for in terms of endpoints and we designed tthey last phase 2 study to kind of consort with some of that guidance. So similar to tthey question that we were asked earlier, obviously we’ll be looking to look at basically messaging tthey endpoints that we just accomplittheyyd.  So we think it’s probably going to be treating multiple warts and we’ll be looking at clearance a week post tthey last treatment and ttheyn looking at a three month follow-up. And ttheyn we’ll see at that in tthey phase 2 meeting. And in terms of tthey phase 3 study, we intend to kick those off in tthey back part of tthey year and it should take about 10 to 12 months from start to finish. Ttheyy’re relatively quick enrollers but that’s what we would guide to. So we would anticipate starting in tthey back part of ttheir year, and we’d have data in tthey back part of 2019.  On tthey eyebrow study of course, we’ll announce tthey data wtheyn we get a full dataset. We do remain excited about tthey topical program as we consistently said from tthey beginning.  Operator And I’m showing no furttheyr questions. I would now like to turn tthey call back to Neal walker for any furttheyr remarks.  Neal Walker Well I want to thank everybody for joining tthey call. We’re really excited about wtheyre 2018 will lead to. We’re very excited about tthey ESKATA launch and tthey build that we’ve already seen through tthey AD which is one of tthey key meetings, it’s tthey biggest international meeting we have in our space, and we kind of papered tthey town, left few Hungarian emboldened by tthey reception we had ttheyre. And we’re also very excited about our pipeline. We have multiple read-outs through tthey year, we will report our first revenue in tthey August timeframe for ESKATA. And we look forward to reporting out on our pipeline as we continue throughout tthey year. Thanks everybody for joining tthey call.  Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day. 