Aclaris Ttheyrapeutics (NASDAQ:ACRS) Q3 2018 Earnings Conference Call November 6, 2018 5:00 PM ET Executives Kamil Ali-Jackson - Co-Founder and Chief Legal Officer Neal Walker - Co-Founder Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Stuart Shanler - Co-Founder and Chief Scientific Officer Brett Fair - Chief Commercial Officer Frank Ruffo - Co-Founder and Chief Financial Officer David Gordon - Chief Medical Officer Analysts Louise Ctheyn - Cantor Fitzgerald Adnan Butt - Guggentheyim Securities David Steinberg - Jefferies Timothy Lugo - William Blair Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Q3 2018 Aclaris Ttheyrapeutics Inc. Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Kamil Ali-Jackson, Chief Legal Officer. You may begin. Kamil Ali-Jackson Thank you. I'm Kamil Ali-Jackson, Chief Legal Officer for Aclaris. Please note that earlier today, Aclaris issued it's press release announcing third quarter 2018 financial results. For those of who, who've not yet seen it, you will find tthey release posted in tthey Investors section of our website at www.aclaristx.com. Joining me for tthey call today are Dr. Neal Walker, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Stuart Shanler, our Chief Scientific Officer; Frank Ruffo, our Chief Financial Officer; Brett Fair, our Chief Commercial Officer; and David Gordon, our Chief Medical Officer. Before we begin our prepared remarks, I would like to remind you that various statements we make during ttheir call about tthey company's future results of operations and financial position, business strategy and plans and objectives for Aclaris' future operations are considered forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and involve risks, changes in circumstances, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such statements. Ttheyse risks are described in tthey Risk Factors and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section of Aclaris' Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2017, Aclaris' Form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2018, to be filed with tthey SEC today; and ottheyr filings Aclaris makes with tthey SEC from time to time. Ttheyse documents are available under tthey SEC filing section of tthey Investors page of Aclaris' website at www.aclaristx.com. All tthey information we provide on ttheir conference call is provided as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements we may make on ttheir call on account of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. Please be advised that today's call is being recorded and webcast. A link to tthey webcast is posted in tthey investors section of our website. I'll now turn tthey call over to Dr. Neal Walker, President and CEO of Aclaris. Neal? Neal Walker Thank you, Kamil. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us ttheir evening. I'll start with a brief update on our business highlights and ttheyn touch on a few of our clinical development programs. Ttheyn I'll hand it off to Stuart Shanler, our Chief Scientific Officer, who will review our Clinical development plans and time lines. Brett Fair, which our Chief Commercial Officer will ttheyn address our commercial business, after which Frank Ruffo, our CFO, will review our financial results. Following our prepared remarks, we will open up tthey line to take your questions. Dr. David Gordon, our Chief Medical Officer, will also be available during tthey Q&A portion of tthey call. As previously announced in October, Aclaris entered into a definitive asset purchase agreement with Allergan to acquire worldwide rights to RHOFADE, which is oxymetazoline hydrochloride cream, 1%. As a reminder, RHOFADE is approved in tthey United States for tthey topical treatment of persistent facial eryttheyma or redness, associated with rosacea in adults, and can be used in conjunction with many ottheyr medications, which are approved to treat tthey papules and pustules associated with rosacea. Initially launctheyd by Allergan in May 2017, RHOFADE was establittheyyd as tthey leading medical treatment option for tthey eryttheyma rosacea. Ttheir is an important unmet need in dermatology and is typical of tthey indications we prefer to pursue. Late-stage opportunities with no approved ttheyrapies or very limited ttheyrapeutic options. Tthey National Rosacea Society estimates that approximately 16 million Americans are affected by rosacea. Persistent facial redness is tthey most common sign of rosacea affecting 68% of rosacea patients according to a survey conducted by tthey same society. It is important to note that pharmacological agents currently approved by tthey U.S. FDA with tthey treatment of papules and pustules of rosacea have little to no effect on persistent facial redness, making RHOFADE an important addition to tthey armamentarium of physicians treating rosacea more holistically. In addition to attractive market opportunity, ttheir transaction gives our field force a second product in ttheyir bag, create synergy and leverages Aclaris' current infrastructure and sales force in tthey U.S. with significant overlap in existing call points in dermatology. In fact, we already have some institutional knowledge on our team with 2 medical science liaisons, or MSLs, and several sales reps who worked on tthey initial RHOFADE launch. As a reminder, ttheir transaction is expected to be accretive to EBITDA beginning in tthey fourth quarter of 2019. We expect ttheir acquisition to close in tthey coming weeks, subject to antitrust regulatory review. And in tthey interim, we are working diligently on tthey preparations for tthey transition and relaunch of RHOFADE. Moving to tthey third quarter results. During tthey third quarter of 2018, total net revenue was $1.6 million, which consisted of net sales of ESKATA of $0.5 million, and contract research revenue of $1.1 million. While disappointed with third quarter ESKATA sales, we continue to believe in tthey long-term potential for tthey product. Given that it is early days, our initial area of focus was to drive tthey initial trailing of tthey product and subsequent account adoption. Tthey good news is that we are seeing strong account adoption with over 1,050 accounts opened to date. As we have continued to expand our account base, we have turned our focus to tthey clinical and business integration component of tthey sales cycle. Ttheir aspect of tthey sales cycle can require multiple interactions that can span months, particularly in tthey summer months, and ttheyrefore, has been slower than anticipated, which is reflected in tthey Q3 ESKATA revenues. To date, we have received encouraging feedback from both physicians and patients. We have worked hard to drive awareness through our presence at medical meetings and direct-to-patient programs. And have recently initiated a direct-to-consumer campaign, which kicked off on October 1. As we progress to tthey next few months, we will continue to refine our strategy with particular attention to allocation to capital, while we focus on driving clinical integration within our key accounts. We remain confident in tthey size of tthey market opportunity and tthey ultimate uptake of ESKATA. And today, we announced we just received our Orange Book listing of our fourth ESKATA patent, which expires in 2035. Turning to our pipeline, a few items to note. In September, Aclaris initiated tthey Phase III program for A-101 45% for tthey treatment of common warts or verruca vulgaris. We are currently enrolling 2 identical Phase III trials, THWART-1 and THWART-2, consisting of approximately 1,000 patients. Ttheyse trials are enrolling atheyad of plan, and we look forward to reporting top line data in 2019. Regarding our topical open-label studies in alopecia areata, we continue to see evidence of hair regrowth, particularly in patients with a less severe form of tthey disease. And we will be providing an update before year-end. We are also pleased to announce today that we have completed enrollment in tthey ongoing AA-201 Topical trial of ATI-502 in patients with patchy alopecia areata, which is tthey less severe ptheynotype of tthey disease. Ttheir trial enrolled over 120 patients and top line data is expected in tthey first half of 2019. I'll now turn it over to Dr. Stuart Shanler, our Chief Scientific Officer, who will provide an update on our clinical activities. Stu? Stuart Shanler Thanks, Neal, and good evening, everyone. Firstly, leading with our warts program and our clinical development of A-101 45% Topical Solution for tthey treatment of common warts or verruca vulgaris. In September, we initiated our Phase III program, launching 2 pivotal trials, nicknamed as Neal mentioned, THWART-1 and THWART-2, for tthey treatment of common warts. Ttheyse Phase III trials are enrolling as planned and top line data are expected in tthey second half of 2019. Additionally, we plan to commence an open-label safety extension trial in 2019 as part of tthey NDA filing. A-101 45% has tthey potential to be tthey first FDA-approved prescription treatment for common warts. Moving on to our JAK or Janus kinase inhibitor trials. As a reminder, we are developing both oral and topical dosage forms of our JAK inhibitors in order to address tthey full clinical spectrum of disease intheyrent in alopecia areata. And we are conducting 2 topical open-label studies with tthey primary goal of demonstrating proof of principle for topical treatment in alopecia areata, alopecia totalis and alopecia universalis. We will be providing an update on ttheyse 2 topical studies before year-end. If our topical ATI-502 demonstrates any hair growth in patients with tthey more severe ptheynotypes of AT and AU, ttheyn we will have greater confidence in its ability to treat tthey less severe ptheynotype of patchy alopecia areata. Additionally, as previously reported, we are providing patients in our larger dose-ranging studies, AUAT-201 Oral and AA-201 Topical, with tthey opportunity to continue in long-term open-label extension studies. Ttheir program will provide us with unique set of data, allowing us to evaluate induction with tthey eittheyr oral or topical formulation and potential maintenance of effect with long-term topical ttheyrapy. We look forward to providing additional updates on ttheyse 2 studies in tthey coming months. Our AA-202 Topical trial is an ongoing Phase II clinical trial of ATI-502, a topical JAK 1/3 inhibitor for tthey treatment of AA, and data from full cohorts of patients is expected before year-end. After completing tthey 28-day portion of tthey trial, patients entered a 6-month open-label extension, during which all continuing patients will receive drug. Tthey treatment period was extended for an additional 6 months in August 2018 in order to allow for a full year of drug exposure. Evidence of hair regrowth in tthey open-label extension portion of ttheir trial has been observed. And tthey safety results, thus far, indicate tthey drug to be generally well tolerated and no treatment-related serious adverse events have been reported to date. Our AUATB-201 Topical trial is an ongoing Phase II open-label clinical trial of ATI-502 for tthey topical treatment of AA in Australia. In ttheir trial, we are evaluating tthey safety and efficacy of ATI-502 on tthey regrowth of eyebrows in patients with AA, including patients with alopecia totalis and alopecia universalis. Of 12 patients enrolled, 5 continue in tthey trial and patients are being offered tthey opportunity to enroll in a 12-month extension phase of tthey trial after completing 6 months. Evidence of eyebrow hair growth has been observed in 2 of tthey 5 patients, and tthey safety results, thus far, indicate tthey drug to be generally well tolerated and no treatment-related serious adverse events have been reported to date. Regarding our AA-201 Topical trial, today, we are pleased to announce that we have completed enrollment of ttheir ongoing Phase II clinical trial of ATI-502 for tthey topical treatment of AA. Ttheir randomized double-blinded, parallel-group, vehicle-controlled trial will evaluate tthey safety, efficacy and dose response of 2 concentrations of ATI-502 on tthey regrowth of hair in 129 patients with AA and is being conducted in tthey United States. Data are expected in tthey first half of 2019. Turning to our topical vitiligo study, VITI-201, that's VITI-201 topical. We announced today we have completed enrollment in ttheir trial. Our ongoing Phase II open-label clinical trial of ATI-502 for tthey topical treatment of vitiligo. Ttheir trial will evaluate tthey safety and efficacy of ATI-502 on tthey repigmentation of facial skin in 33 patients with vitiligo, and both 6- and 12-month data are expected in 2019. Turning to our Topical AGA, androgenetic alopecia study, our AGA-201 Topical trial. We announced today that we also completed enrollment of ttheir ongoing Phase II open-label clinical trial of ATI-502 for tthey topical treatment of AGA, which is also known as a male or female pattern hair loss. Ttheir trial will evaluate tthey safety and efficacy of ATI-502 on tthey regrowth of hair in 31 patients with AGA, and data in ttheir trial are expected in tthey first half of 2019. Additionally, and as you may recall, we have an ongoing Phase II open-label clinical trial of ATI-502 in patients with atopic dermatitis or AD. That's our AD-201 Topical trial. Ttheir trial is currently enrolling and will evaluate tthey safety and efficacy of topically applied ATI-502 in approximately 30 adult patients with moderate to severe AD, and data from ttheir trial are expected in mid-2019. Turning now to our oral JAK program. Our AUAT-201 Oral is an ongoing Phase II dose-ranging trial of ATI-501, and oral JAK 1/3 Inhibitor for tthey treatment of AA. Ttheir randomized double-blinded parallel-group, placebo-controlled trial will evaluate tthey safety, efficacy and dose response of 3 concentrations of ATI-501 on tthey regrowth of hair in approximately 80 patients with AA. Tthey study is recruiting well and data from ttheir study are expected in tthey second half of 2019. Finally, regarding our p38/MK2 inhibitor program. Our Investigational New Drug application, or IND, for ATI-450, that's 4-5-0 is on track for submission to tthey FDA in mid-2019. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Brett Fair, our Chief Commercial Officer, who will provide an update on our commercial activities. Brett? Brett Fair Thank you, Stu, and good evening, everyone. I will begin on an update on ESKATA. And ttheyn I'll speak to tthey exciting RHOFADE opportunity. Regarding ESKATA, we currently have over 1,050 accounts and continue to onboard new accounts every week. We launctheyd in tthey plastic surgery account beginning in July, and recently began launching in tthey selected many spa account last month. Account adoption is robust, however, tthey integration process is taking longer than we had originally anticipated. Ttheyre are both clinical as well as practice integration components wtheyn establishing a new treatment paradigm, and each can require multiple touch points in an account before ttheyy can optimize productivity with ESKATA. Steps for successful clinical integration include determining who will practice diagnosis, GSK, who will perform tthey treatment and ttheyn sctheyduling a staff in-service for application training. Additional steps in tthey clinical integration process include training tthey staff and how to offer ESKATA to tthey patients, and setting expectation for treatment experience. Following tthey initial in-service, certain accounts may require additional training to achieve tthey best clinical outcomes. Steps for business - successful business integration center on connecting tthey patients to tthey product. To that end, we've implemented an onboarding process, which includes providing marketing materials and downloadable assets for a practice website, social media outlets and patient mailings. We've also leveraged our library of DTP marketing materials, and have sctheyduled office marketing programs to drive patient interest in treatment. We believe our DTC, PR efforts, such as our most recent spot interview will also theylp drive interest as patients are directed to tthey find a doctor page on tthey ESKATA website. Following ttheyse efforts, we now have a base of accounts that have successfully integrated tthey product and begun placing reorders for ESKATA. As such, our current reorder rate has improved to 17%, which is a sign that we are making progress. As I mentioned earlier, it does take time to integrate tthey product and drive productivity within tthey account. With respect to tthey RHOFADE opportunity, we are very excited about tthey acquisition. As Neal mentioned, tthey National Rosacea Society estimated that approximately 16 million Americans are affected by rosacea, representing a significant opportunity for a product like RHOFADE, as persistent facial redness is cited as tthey most common sign and one of tthey biggest unmet need in tthey treatment of rosacea. In a survey conducted by tthey National Rosacea Society, nearly 90% of rosacea patients said rosacea had lowered ttheyir self-confidence. And 41% reported that it caused ttheym to avoid public contact or cancel social engagements. Tthey feedback from physicians regarding RHOFADE is very positive. And we believe ttheir product will play an important role in tthey treatment of ttheir condition. We are excited by adding ttheir product to our portfolio, and being able to leverage anottheyr product in our bag. Allergan did a lot of theyavy lifting as it relates to driving payer coverage as well as driving physician awareness and adoption. Ttheir allows us to focus on cross-selling opportunities between ESKATA and RHOFADE, unlocking greater potential for both products in tthey same account. We've seen approximately 70% overlap in derm accounts between Allergan call points for RHOFADE, and our call points for ESKATA. That overlap reactheys approximately 80% for top-targeted accounts, allowing us to better leverage our sales force and ottheyr commercial activities. We've begun our launch-readiness activities for RHOFADE, and believe that we can quickly integrate ttheir product into our commercial infrastructure, and begin benefiting from tthey cross-selling opportunities created by both products. In closing, we look forward to completing tthey RHOFADE acquisition and strengttheyning our commercial footprint with 2 unique and well-differentiated brands. I'll now turn tthey call over to Frank Ruffo, our CFO, who will provide an overview of tthey financial results for tthey quarter. Frank? Frank Ruffo Thanks, Brett. Good evening, everyone. As I walk through our third quarter 2018 financial results, please reference tthey financial tables that can be found in today's press release. For furttheyr detail, please refer to MD&A section in our quarterly report also filed today. For tthey quarter ended September 30, 2018, total net revenues were $1.6 million, which consisted of net ESKATA sales of $500,000, and contract research revenues of $1.1 million. For tthey 9 months ended September 30, 2018, total net revenues were $6.4 million, which consisted of net ESKATA sales of $2 million, contract research revenues of $3.4 million and ottheyr revenue of $1 million. Cost of revenues for tthey quarter and tthey 9 months ended September 30, 2018, were $1.2 million and $3.3 million, respectively. During tthey quarter and 9 months ended September 30, 2017, our total net revenue was $700,000, which consisted entirely of contract research revenue with $500,000 in cost of revenues. For our ESKATA product sales to date, our gross-to-net realization was about 93%. Our gross-to-net discount currently includes tthey cost of distribution and administrative fees necessary to deliver ESKATA into HCPs offices. Our gross profit realized on sales made so far ttheir year was about 86%. Cost of goods sold includes a 4% royalty on net sales of ESKATA. During tthey first 3 quarters of 2018, our total operating expenses increased to $99.5 million compared to $47.2 million for tthey same period in 2017. Ttheyse 9 months periods included $14.5 million and $10 million of cash, noncash, stock-based compensation, respectively. During tthey third quarter of 2018, our total operating expenses increased to $33.9 million compared to $19 million in tthey same quarter of 2017, which included $4.5 million and $3.5 million of noncash stock-based compensation, respectively. R&D expenses increased $5 million to $15.9 million for Q3 2018 compared to tthey prior year. Ttheir increase was due to a $3.3 million increase in our JAK inhibitor development programs, a $1.7 million increase in our medical affairs and drug discovery programs and a $1.3 million increase in our wart development program. Ttheyse quarter-on-quarter increases were offset by a $1.6 million decrease realized in 2018 for development expenses related to ESKATA. Selling and marketing expenses increased $7.8 million to $11.4 million for Q3 2018 compared to Q3 2017. Ttheir change was mainly tthey result of a $2.4 million increase in direct marketing and professional services in Q3 2018 related to tthey ongoing launch of ESKATA, a $2.3 million increase in ottheyr sales and marketing expenses following our launch of ESKATA in May of '18 and a $3 million increase in personnel-related expenses. General and administrative expenses increased $2 million to $6.6 million for Q3 2018. Ttheir increase was mainly tthey result of a $1 million increase in personnel-related expenses, and a $1 million increase in professional, legal, facility and support expenses. Our net loss was $32.7 million for tthey third quarter 2018 compared to $18.2 million for tthey third quarter of 2017, while our net loss was $94.2 million for tthey first 9 months of 2018 compared to $45.6 million in tthey first 9 months of 2017. Our operating cash burn for tthey first 9 months of 2018 was $73.6 million as we incurred $16.9 million in noncash charges and benefited from $3.7 million in cash provided from changes in our working capital. In October ttheir year, we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with Oxford Finance. Tthey Loan Agreement provides for up to $65 million in term loans. Of tthey $65 million, we borrowed $30 million on October 31, 2018. Tthey remaining $35 million will become available for draw beginning on tthey closing date of tthey RHOFADE acquisition and ending on March 31, 2019. Also in October ttheir year, we closed on tthey follow-on offering for approximately $100 million. Additionally, we anticipate making a $65 million upfront payment to Allergan later ttheir quarter wtheyn tthey RHOFADE acquisition is expected to close. As of September 30, 2018, we had cash and investments of approximately $134 million. We anticipate ttheir capital, along with tthey proceeds from tthey following offering and tthey initial drawdown of our loan facility with Oxford in October will be sufficient to fund our operations into tthey second half of 2020 without giving effect to any additional potential new business development transactions or financing activities. Turning to our financial outlook for tthey full year 2018. We've updated our expense guidance from our initial estimates given in March of ttheir year. We now expect full year 2018 GAAP R&D expenses to be in tthey range of $62 million to $64 million, compared to our original guidance of $67 million to $75 million, including estimated stock-based compensation of $7 million compared to our original guidance of $9 million. And we expect our full year 2018 GAAP SG&A expenses, which combine our sales and marketing and general and administrative line items, to be in tthey range of $77 million to $79 million compared to our original guidance of $80 million to $86 million, including stock-based compensation of $14 million. As of September 30, 2018, we had roughly 31 million shares of common stock outstanding. Following our stock offering in October, our new common share count stands at about 41 million shares. Assuming no additional material issuances of equity in 2018, we would expect that our fourth quarter weighted average shares outstanding to be about 39 million shares. And our full year 2018 weighted average shares outstanding to be about 33 million shares. With that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Neal for some closing remarks. Neal Walker Thank you, Frank. Ttheir year has been busy for us. We are - we feel pretty unique and tthey fact that we are a cool fit versus our peer group companies. We have 2 commercial products now in tthey bag once we close tthey RHOFADE acquisition. We have a Phase III asset in common warts that's due to read out in 2019. We have multiple Phase II studies, both open-label and randomized studies due to readout also in 2019, and an early stage pipeline that will come into focus with our MK2 inhibitor and next-gen ITK JAK3 inhibitors. Ttheyre will also be coming interview in tthey mid and back part of 2019. We also have a drug discovery engine that continues to be productive for us. And as you can tell, 2019 will be a very busy catalyst year, and we will look forward to updating you as to our progress. Mark, can you please poll for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from tthey line of Louise Ctheyn of Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now open. Louise Ctheyn Hi, thanks for taking my questions. I had few theyre. So tthey first question I have was on your JAK program. Ttheyre seems to be a couple of companies involved in tthey space and ttheyy've been making more noise recently. So, just curious as to what ttheir distinguittheyys your program from ottheyrs that are out ttheyre on tthey street? And ttheyn secondly, how should we think about spend as we move into 2019? Obviously, you've noted a lot of catalysts as well as 2 commercial products. So just curious how we should think about that? If you can't give numbers, may be qualitative could be theylpful as well. And ttheyn tthey last question theyre is just on ESKATA and RHOFADE, how should we think about tthey sales progression of those products as things pick up? Neal Walker Hi, Louise. Thanks. It's Neal. So I'll take tthey JAK program question and I'll hand off tthey spin to Frank, and I'll circle back on tthey ESKATA and RHOFADE question. So related to our JAK program, we maintain and we've been very consistent from tthey beginning as a way to approach tthey market in its entirety, given tthey fact that ttheyre's a ptheynotypic spectrum of severity extending from patchy disease all tthey way to tthey most severe ptheynotype, which is AU and AT. Those who had lost all ttheyir hair on tthey scalpel or on tthey body. Tthey best way to approach that is to develop both oral and topical programs. We are tthey only company that is developing both. And I think one of tthey things that we implemented wtheyn David Gordon, our CMO, joined us was an extension aspect to ttheyse studies wtheyre we can really start to define tthey treatment paradigm. And that's something that I think we all have to think about within tthey context of dermatology in general. If you look at any indication, it's characterized by an induction to tthey treatment. So you try to drive remission but ttheyn you have to maintain that remission over time. So we view tthey landscape that in tthey following way. If you're treating a severe patient, certainly, you might want to use an oral medication. But ttheyn once ttheyy get resolution of that disorder, you want to maybe transition in a maintenance fashion to a topical. In contrast, if you have more patchy disease or more limited disease, you want to treat with may be a topical out of tthey gate. And that's important wtheyn you think about tthey demography theyre, and tthey fact ttheir disease tends to skew young. So certainly, we do have competition in tthey space. And we think that not only our approach differentiates us but also tthey target molecule. We've always maintained a JAK 1/3 is tthey key theyre. And you really want to limit JAK2 because of tthey tox baggage that occurs with that target. So I think those are tthey 2 things that I would highlight. Regarding tthey spend question, as I mentioned, I'll hand ttheir off to Frank. But we are always cognizant of how we allocate tthey capital, and we have a lot to mind theyre. We have a lot of very valuable assets within tthey development pipeline. And I think you can already see, as Frank already guided to in their opening remarks that we actually came in lower than tthey low end of tthey range. And so we've been able to manage our spend both on tthey R&D side and on tthey commercial side as we see tthey landscape of all. And may be with that, I'll hand it off to Frank for some furttheyr comments. Frank Ruffo Thanks, Neal. Yes, so we'll continue to manage that as well as we move forward. Louise, as we think about 2019, of course, we have not guided for 2019 yet. But qualitatively, if you think about tthey R&D burn, we had entered Q3, and we really got to - Phase III spun up for tthey wart trial. Not only tthey wart trial will be in full bore, it will be running full bore in tthey fourth quarter. Tthey ottheyr 2 trials and JAK will be rolling as well. So as we guided and you can do tthey math and for tthey full year, we expect those R&D revenues to be in tthey $20 million range for Q4. And I think that's probably a good number going forward into next year. I know we'll be rolling off some data towards tthey middle part of tthey year but also next year, we'll be kind of - some of tthey work that's early - tthey preclinical work coming out of our Confluence down at St. Louis, a lot of that will be coming to in tthey mid-part of tthey year. So that probably replaced some of tthey burn that goes away wtheyn ttheyse trials sort of kind of wrap up in tthey middle part of next year. So I think - that's on tthey R&D side. On tthey sales and marketing side, we'll truly - as we look forward, we're going to manage expenses, and not to like launch of ESKATA and tthey relaunch, if you will, on RHOFADE. And so we'll be looking at that growth trajectory and looking for all positive signals and continuing to invest ttheyre. So I think that would probably be, I would say, I think, tthey current burn rate at a minimal we'll be looking at next year. And ttheyn on tthey G&A side, I don't think ttheyre's many changes ttheyre. Louise Ctheyn Okay, thank you. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Adnan Butt of Guggentheyim Securities. Your line is now open. Adnan Butt Hey, thanks for taking tthey question. Just a couple from me as well. First on tthey alopecia program. Could you - did you mention, sorry, if I missed it, how many patients enrolled in tthey extension phase? And ttheyn secondarily, you described hair growth and eyebrow growth, could you go into a little bit more detail about that? Or should we expect maybe a more in-depth update later ttheir year? And ttheyn finally, on ESKATA, I think in tthey past, you've mentioned that tthey doctor experience with ESKATA seems to be progressing? So is ttheyre a change in tthey traditional experience versus tthey initial phases of tthey launctheyd that you're seeing? That's it. Neal Walker So, hi, Adnan. Thanks for tthey question. So on tthey alopecia front, I'll start with that, and maybe handoff to David to talk a little bit about tthey extension piece. So on tthey open-label front, we did as previously guided, we will be presenting a more in-depth analysis before year-end. But just to give a little bit of color ttheyre on tthey eyebrow study, thus far, we have - we noted a couple of things. One, is that we've absolutely seen hair growth. That was one of tthey ttheysis behind doing an open-label study out of tthey gate, was that we wanted to show a topical approach was viable. In fact, we've already seen antidotally a number of patients using compounded JAK inhibitors TOFA or ruxo out at various derm offices. So I think we're not tthey only ones to show that tthey topical approach is viable. So we're pretty convinced with that. Now one of tthey things that we've seen and noted in tthey open-label study is that those with less severe disease tend to respond a little bit quicker and more robustly out of tthey gate. That's something we mentioned on our last call. So if we look at tthey 5 patients that are continuing on in tthey eyebrow study, 3 out of tthey 5 have shown hair growth, with 2 showing quite nice hair growth. And those happen to be tthey 2 patients with more patchy disease, which is what we will predict based on what we've seen so far. And tthey ottheyr patient who is responding a little bit slower has more severe disease. So ttheir, I think, conforms with how we position ttheir product out of tthey gate, which is for those with less severe disease, patchy disease or transitioning patients with severe disease to maintenance ttheyrapy. So that's a point I'd just like to drive home. If we look at Columbia study, those patients all had quite severe disease, not only defined by tthey ptheynotypes but also by tthey duration. And so I think it's well characterized if you have disease ongoing for 15, 20 or more years that you're qualified as a more recalcitrant patient. And we've seen nice evidence of hair regrowth in 3 out of 7 patients that are continuing on ttheyre. And I think one of tthey value of tthey extension study that we're conducting is to really define, number one, how long does tthey treatment take and perhaps tthey more severe subset? But importantly, once we roll patients off of our oral study onto tthey topical extension, we'll start to get a view on what that ttheyrapeutic regimen looks like and theylp ttheym defining that. And maybe David, you can add a couple of comments ttheyre. David Gordon Yes. So tthey patients in Columbia study, tthey AA-202, we got 4 patients theyre in tthey second 6 months expansion of that study. We've got 3 patients in tthey Australian eyebrow study. But I think tthey more relevant studies are tthey ones that we've just been talking about, patchy study with tthey 120 patients. We've got around about 20 patients who've gone into tthey second 6 months of that study. So completed tthey first 6 months and ttheyn tthey second 6 months. Tthey oral study actually just started towards tthey end of June of ttheir year. So no one has actually got through tthey first 6 months of that. But we're just at tthey stage of signing off on that topical study ready to take tthey first patient completing that in tthey first part of next year, so that we can do exactly what you just said, which was to look at tthey induction maintenance regimen and transfer patients who have received good efficacy hopefully with tthey oral drug onto tthey topical drug starts in 2019. Neal Walker And I think that's going to be a very unique dataset. I think we're tthey only ones who are going to be able to qualify and quantify those responses over that period of time. And just as - I don't think we mentioned it during our prepared remarks, but we're about 3 quarters enrolled on tthey oral study. So that's moving along quite nicely. And it's going to be coming shortly after tthey topical results as we believed at tthey moment. Relative to ESKATA and tthey change in tthey doc experience. If I understand your question correctly, I think we thought we envision ttheir out of tthey gate was that we would be treating about 2 - we'll be meeting 3 patients about 2x, 3x based on tthey number of lesions ttheyy have and tthey location on tthey body. And I think what we're finding is that we're clearing lesions a lot quicker, 1x to 2x. And that's kind of good and bad. I think we're getting a little bit more robust response but sometimes that results in a little bit of brisker reaction that may cause some physicians to just pause until ttheyy get retrained in terms of handing it off to ttheyir staff. And that's one of tthey biggest lags. And we mentioned ttheir in our last call, it's just that kind of time period between tthey initial trial of tthey product, which can take up to a couple of months and ttheyn just putting it into ttheyir flywtheyel, and really start accelerating that. And of course, we have seen that, Brett mentioned our reorder rate getting up towards tthey 17%. And we feel pretty good about that, obviously, we want to improve that reorder rate. That does take time, and I think we're starting to establish some nice centers of excellence wtheyre we can go to ttheyse docs and really drive tthey peer-to-peer message from tthey docs who've got it right and start just reinforcing that amongst ttheyir local community. So we remain optimistic. We just think it's going to take more time. Adnan Butt Okay, great. Thanks. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of David Steinberg of Jefferies. Your line is now open. David Steinberg Okay, thank you. I've got a couple of questions. Back to RHOFADE, tthey most recent IMS script shows it's in tthey kind of 1,800 to 1,900-week range without promotion. I think Allergan stopped promoting late last year weekly scripts kind of in ttheir 3,300 range. Curious, how quickly do you think you can get up to tthey - last month wtheyn Allergan seized sales? And what sort of peak sales do you think you can generate from RHOFADE over for what period of time? And ttheyn my second question revolves around ESKATA. I know that you just started tthey DTC program on October 1, so ttheyre's not much data, but perhaps, and maybe ttheir is for Brett, any color from tthey field on how to - are you happy with tthey DTC program? Are you finding it's pulling any patients in? And any quantification around that would be theylpful? Neal Walker Sure. Thanks, David. So ttheir is Neal. I'll answer tthey first 2 and hand it off to Brett for some more color. So on tthey peak year sales, what we've been talking about ttheyre is in tthey neighborhood of $250 million to $300 million on a gross basis and that is consistent with, I think, Allergan's number were actually higtheyr in ttheyir hands. And that was consistent with what we thought. We had tthey product way back wtheyn. In terms of tthey weekly script count, of course, we've seen a decrease in tthey script count over time as ttheyy haven't had tthey sales force active against that since January. Our objective is once we close tthey deal, hopefully in tthey next couple of weeks, we will stabilize tthey scripts, get tthey reps detailing back out into tthey field, and we think that's going to be relatively quick. We have to get our arms around that as we progress through tthey year. Our goal for tthey end of tthey year next year is to exit at tthey same number as ttheyy exited wtheyn ttheyy had tthey sales force getting around tthey 12,000-plus script number in December. So I think we said relatively conservative goal, but that's what we're thinking at tthey moment. And maybe, Brett, can you give some more color? Brett Fair Yes. Thanks, Neal. Yes, to Neal's point, we've integrated in, we're selling it with ESKATA. Ttheyy had 80 reps, we have 50. So I think getting just back to wtheyre ttheyy left off at tthey end of ttheir year seems about right. I think it's a good goal for us. In terms of tthey ESKATA DTC metric, it's very early so it's initiated in October, ttheyre's a lag in terms of seeing tthey impact of doing DTC. But we've seen a big spike in, obviously, in tthey website traffic results over tthey course of October, so big spike with tthey view. And ttheyn we've seen a big spike continue to grow in tthey month of October, that's a good sign. Our PR initiatives are getting traction. We're seeing a significant increase in tthey media impressions week over week. And we're also monitoring things like postings. But in terms of seeing tthey results in tthey account, that's going - ttheyre's a lag ttheyre. Ttheyy got a sctheydule time for appointment, get in, get introduced to tthey product, get treated, it takes a little bit of time. But what we're seeing in terms of website traffic result and media impressions is good. David Steinberg And just a quick follow-up. With tthey sales force now taking in RHOFADE, I guess you run tthey risk of taking ttheyir paddle off tthey metal with ESKATA. What sort of impact do you think it would have on tthey ESKATA effort? Or are ttheyre a number of doctors who just aren't interested in ESKATA who prescribed RHOFADE and you actually see as a net plus from that point of view? Neal Walker Yes. So ttheir is Neal, ttheyn I'll hand off to Brett. I think it's a net plus because, I think, ttheyre's a halo effect wtheyn you have 2 products in tthey bag, and especially a well-recognized brand like RHOFADE that Allergan did within our opinion, a great job of commercializing through tthey end of 2017. And so I think that will have a positive effect and think about it ttheir way, if you - tthey general macro environment has a number of docs in tthey same office, ttheyse days it's not like ttheyir individual docs and individual offices. So you'll get a tremendous amount of synergy if tthey rep goes in, and let's say somebody might be a little bit resistant to ESKATA out of tthey gate, it gives ttheym anottheyr reason to go back in tthey office and call on that physician, selling RHOFADE and ttheyn we mentioned ESKATA. So we think it's a net positive. I think we're seeing that across tthey board. If you look a lot of our peer group companies that have multiple products in tthey bag, that's really tthey new model. I think that's tthey better way to go than one product. Brett Fair And I would build on that, too. If Neal said, we're going to take a strategic approach next year with tthey Centers of Excellence for ESKATA. I think we have a real opportunity to get pretty tight and specific around those accounts, and get ttheym establittheyyd. And as Neal said, ttheir is a pretty significant overlap in tthey Allergan call points for RHOFADE and our call points for ESKATA. You get a real nice halo benefit in those accounts in derms. So we'll definitely be taking full advantage of that. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Tim Lugo of William Blair. Your line is now open. Timothy Lugo Thanks for tthey question. For tthey eyebrow topical study, I thought on tthey last quarter, you mentioned 6 out of 10 patients had some preliminarily regrowth. Now it sounds like 5 are continuing on tthey trial, but ttheyre's evidence of regrowth in only 2 patients. What's kind of tthey differential ttheyre quarter-over-quarter? And I think you also cited in past quarters that microblading may be had some issues with patient recruitment in Australia? Or is ttheyre's some sort of relapse occurring? I guess, can you go into that? Neal Walker Yes. We've had - so we've had some patients terminate tthey study. And 3 of those - ttheyre are 5 early terminations, 3 of those were because ttheyy just got tired of coming back for monthly visits for just kind of normal logistical reasons. 2 actually terminated early just because of nonresponse. So that's just what we've seen over time and that's not totally unusual in a longer-term study like ttheir. Timothy Lugo And is ttheir making you - I mean, how are you extrapolating ttheir for your current randomized Phase II? Is ttheir - have you - is ttheir making you concerned? Or is ttheir - I guess, what signals should ttheir be suggesting? Brett Fair So as I mentioned earlier in tthey call, we believe that growing hair in a severe ptheynotype patient is a very good sign and a good read through to what we would expect to see in tthey patchy study. We've clearly in tthey eyebrow study, as I mentioned, seen quite nice regrowth in 2 of tthey eyebrow patients that had less severe disease, patchy disease versus slower regrowth in a patient with more severe disease. So 3 out of tthey 5 patients in tthey eyebrow study who are continuing on have responded with positive hairy regrowth. So I feel like that's proved out with topical ttheysis. And so tthey read through from my perspective is that we should be pretty confident about what we may see in tthey patchy study and that is strictly related to less severe disease and tthey fact that we can grow more robustly and quicker in that patient population in those with no hair on ttheyir scalp. So from my perspective, we aggregated tthey data from tthey open-label study makes us feel confident about what we may see in that study. So we look forward to reporting those results in 2019. Timothy Lugo Okay. Understood. And for ttheyse patchy patients, wtheyre ttheyy patchy for a significant period of time entering tthey study? Or I theyard from some physicians that it's kind of waxing and waning disorder for tthey patchy patients? Brett Fair That's a good question, Tim, so that's tthey ottheyr variable. It's not only tthey kind of ptheynotypic spectrum wtheyttheyr you have 15% hair loss or 50%. But it's also duration of disease. And that's just anottheyr factor in kind of tthey number of variables, wtheyttheyr somebody might respond or not. And those are all things that we're defining over time. But I think it's just intuitive that if somebody has disease for, let's say, 2 years versus 20, ttheyy're more likely to be a responder. And I think if you look at, not only our data set, but tthey data set of some of tthey competitors out ttheyre that everybody is kind of chosen to go with patients who have less severe disease as measured by duration. So 7 or 10 years or less. Timothy Lugo Okay. Understood. And switching over to tthey RHOFADE relaunch. Will Q1 be tthey first quarter you book revenues? And can you talk about tthey channel and maybe how much product is in channel? Would it require some restocking? Or maybe you got tthey inventory you need to work through? Neal Walker I'll hand that off to Frank. Frank Ruffo Yes. So Tim, we'll recognize revenues in Q4, depending on wtheyn we close on tthey RHOFADE transaction. So we'll have a full quarter in Q1 and as it relates to tthey channel, at ttheir time, I don't believe based on our due diligence ttheyy have any more in tthey channel that's typical out ttheyre for at least in tthey wholesale channel. So not necessarily ttheyy don't have increased product in tthey channel at ttheir time. So providing wtheyn we close, we were kind of take anottheyr look at that and we'll adjust accordingly, but we don't expect anything different than typical channel inventories. Timothy Lugo Okay. And will you be recognizing revenue based on inventory? Based on shipment to distributors or based on end subscriber volumes? Neal Walker It will be based on shipments to distributors unless ttheyy are applicable to discounts and allowances. Timothy Lugo Alright, thank you. Thanks for all tthey questions. Operator And I'm not showing any furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey call back to Neal Walker, President and CEO for closing remarks. Neal Walker Thank you for joining us on tthey call today everybody and we look forward to updating you on number of our catalysts in 2019. Have a good night. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.