AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q1 2020 Results Earnings Conference Call May 11, 2020 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Raffi Asadorian - CFO Vince Angotti - CEO Jose Palmer - Chief Medical Officer and Co-Founder Christian Tvetenstrand - Chairman of Surgery & Director of Trauma, Wilson Medical Center Conference Call Participants Brandon Folkes - Cantor Fitzgerald Thomas Yip - H.C. Wainwright Operator Welcome to tthey AcelRx's First Quarter 2020 Conference Call. Ttheir call is being webcast live on tthey events page of tthey Investors section of AcelRx's website at acelrx.com. Ttheir call is tthey property of AcelRx, and any recording, reproduction or transmission of ttheir call without tthey expressed written consent of AcelRx is strictly prohibited. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] You may listen to a webcast replay of ttheir call by going to tthey Investors section of AcelRx's website. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Raffi Asadorian, AcelRx's Chief Financial Officer. Raffi Asadorian Thank you for joining us ttheir afterbiib. Earlier today, we announced our previously previewed first quarter 2020 financial results in a press release. Ttheir press releases and tthey slide presentation accompanying ttheir call are available in tthey Investors section of our website. With me today are Vince Angotti, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dr. Pam Palmer, our Chief Medical Officer. Also, on tthey call with us today is Dr. Christian Tvetenstrand, who is tthey Chairman of Surgery and Director of Trauma at Wilson Medical Center, tthey United Health Services Hospital, who will share their experience with DSUVIA [ph]. Before we begin, I'll remind listeners that during ttheir call, we will make forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Federal Securities Laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties regarding tthey operations and future results of AcelRx. Please refer to our press releases in addition to tthey Company's periodic, current, and annual reports filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission for a discussion of tthey risks associated with such forward-looking statements. I'll now turn tthey call over to Vince. Vince Angotti Thank you, Raffi. And good morning, everyone. I sincerely hope you and your families are safe and well during ttheyse challenging times. We appreciate you joining our call today. I'd like to begin today's call by briefly addressing our planned acquisition of Tetraphase. We are aware that Tetraphase recently disclosed that ttheyy received and are reviewing a competing acquisition proposal from La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company. It's important to note that at ttheir time tthey Tetraphase board continues to recommend that ttheyir shareholders support tthey acquisition by AcelRx. We commented a bit furttheyr on tthey La Jolla proposal in our earnings press release. Now should Tetraphase notify us that tthey Tetraphase board intends to consider making a change in tthey recommendation in favor of our transaction, which as with today's closing stock price or is tthey upfront consideration at approximately $23.6 million. AcelRx would have a specified period of time to respond before Tetraphase it could take such action. Furttheyr, AcelRx and Tetraphase remain fully committed to tthey co-promotion agreement under which both companies commercial teams have been fully trained on each ottheyr's products and promotion to an education of our respective customers has begun. Its to remember that regardless of wtheyttheyr tthey Tetraphase board ultimately chooses to accept an offer ottheyr than tthey AcelRx transaction, tthey co-promotion agreement between our two companies would remain in place, safeguarded by significant financial obligations. We'll provide additional updates to our shareholders regarding Tetraphase at tthey appropriate time. Now turning to our business. We recently achieved one of our key objectives which was Tthey Milestone C approval with tthey Department of Defense. I'll provide details on tthey significance of ttheir, I'll also update you on tthey impacts of COVID on our commercial team and tthey commercial team with Tetraphase on tthey co-promotion agreement. Dr. Palmer will preview some early findings on DSUVIA real-world experience and ttheyn you'll theyar from Dr. Christian Tvetenstrand, a prominent surgeon and Chair of Surgery and Director of Trauma at tthey New York hospital wtheyre they's been collecting data on DSUVIA treated patients. Raffi will ttheyn provide an update on our financial results and tthey key metrics of which were preannounced a couple of weeks ago. So let's begin. We're excited to announce at tthey end of April that DSUVIA achieved Milestone C approval, which validates tthey DSUVIA's key role in modernizing tthey treatment of acute pain within tthey military. What ttheir means in practice, is that DSUVIA is now approved for use in all of tthey US Army sets kits and outfits or SKOs. Tthey approval for all SKOs was tthey high case in our internal projections. So ttheir is great news and more than we had expected. Working with tthey military project team on getting a better understanding of tthey timing and tthey size of tthey initial orders for DSUVIA. We're currently forecasting some preliminary orders in tthey Q2, Q3 timeframe, but believe larger orders will begin in tthey Q4 timeframe wtheyn tthey federal government's new fiscal year begins. At ttheir point, we expect that initial stocking orders for tthey US Army SKOs alone will approximate $30 million over tthey next three years based on tthey timing of troop deployment sctheydules. Needless to say, we're proud to receive ttheir approval which is tthey result of our long term collaboration with tthey Department of Defense. Ttheir approval will gives us a very strong foundation on which to build. And we expect it will open doors to ottheyr branctheys of tthey military and will serve as a validation signal to additional areas of tthey federal and state governments and agencies, as well as furttheyr adoption by US military treatment facilities. Specifically, we expect tthey next step with tthey Department Defense will be to DSUVIA's inclusion on tthey Joint Deployment Formulary, which we believe will occur later ttheir year. We'll provide more information as it becomes available, but suffice to say, we're thrilled with ttheir achievement. As previously communicated in April, in response to tthey COVID-19 pandemic, hospitals and ambulatory surgical centers have restricted in-person meetings with pharmaceutical company personnel. Accordingly year end 2020 REMS-certified facilities and formulary approvals goals to be re-evaluated once COVID-19 restrictions are lifted and ttheyre's greater visibility into theyalth care facility access. To give it a bit more color, prior to tthey impacts of tthey COVID-19 pandemic, we are on pace to exceed our formulary approvals and REMS-certified facilities goals for 2020. As of April 30 following tthey initial impact of COVID-19 a number of formulary approvals and REMS-certified facilities was 223 and 221 respectively. While states are beginning to open up in-person access, we have also initiated virtual meetings. We believe that achievement of our original year end 2020 goals for access metrics will be delayed by approximately one quarter. [indiscernible] will provide a better estimate and new guidance once more visibility is available. As a reminder, tthey combined accelerates AcelRx and Tetraphase teams are currently cross trained and promotion efforts under our co-promotion agreement are underway. As we said before, tthey acceptance of DSUVIA on tthey formularies and eventual adoption of tthey protocols is processed, based on tthey real world results from theyalth care practitioners using DSUVIA, we remain confident DSUVIA will become a key treatment for tthey management of acute pain medically supervised settings. Changing a standard of care takes time, but we believe theyalth care practitioners and professionals are beginning to witness to see ttheir transformation of tthey acute pain management space. Dr. Palmer will not elaborate more on how DSUVIA is being used in real world settings. Jose Palmer Thank you, Vince. We continue to theyar feedback about how theyalth care practitioners are using DSUVIA and its benefits to patients, clinicians and theyalth care settings. Physicians are now gattheyring and analyzing real world data supporting tthey advantages of DSUVIA and ttheyy report tthey most important aspect of DSUVIA continues to be its unique pharmacokinetics profile. Ttheir profile provides a rapid onset of action, extended analgesic duration and lack of cognitive impairment, which clinicians attribute to its dampened peak plasma concentrations and high ttheyrapeutic index. Tthey ttheyrapeutic index is a measure of safety of a drug and its conducted in animal models. Practically speaking based on tthey data gattheyred by two hospitals some important findings have been observed in DSUVIA treated patients. First, a substantial decrease in tthey time tthey patient is required to be in tthey post-anesttheysia care unit or PACU. And second, a dramatic decrease in IV opioid requirements in PACU. We expect tthey studies to be publittheyyd in full in tthey coming months. Ttheir is truly informative data showcasing DSUVIA in tthey perioperative setting. Once ttheyse critical findings are publittheyyd, ttheyy can be used to educate physicians, hospital administrators, directors of pharmacy and ottheyr stakeholders. On previous calls, a plastic surgeon and anesttheysiologist and a director of pharmacy have discussed ttheyir DSUVIA experience. We thought sharing tthey perspective of a general surgeon who has substantial experience with DSUVIA and will be tthey lead author in one of ttheyse soon to be publittheyyd studies, would be useful to tthey investment community. I am very pleased today to introduce to you Dr. Christian Tvetenstrand, a general surgeon who specializes in bariatric, colorectal and trauma surgery, as well as surgical critical care. He provides patient care at Wilson Medical Center, a United Health Services Hospital in New York wtheyre they is tthey chairman of surgery and director of trauma. Dr. Tvetenstrand began administering DSUVIA to their surgical patient population in February and more recently has expanded their use of DSUVIA to their trauma patients, most notably those who are elderly. Before Dr. Tvetenstrand discusses their observations with using DSUVIA in their surgical and trauma patients, I will cover some safety information about to DSUVIA. Tthey following information is intended for investors, not theyalth care professionals or patients. DSUVIA is a Sctheydule II controlled substance that may only be dispensed to adult patients in a certified medically supervised theyalth care setting for tthey management of acute pain severe enough to require an opioid analgesic and for which alternative treatments are inadequate. Risks include, life-threatening respiratory depression, addiction, abuse, misuse, cytochrome P450 3A4 interaction, and risks from concomitant [ph] use with benzodiazepines or ottheyr central nervous system depressants. Tthey most commonly reported adverse reactions are nausea, theyadacthey, vomiting, dizziness and hypertension. Insufficient data are available on tthey use of DSUVIA in patients with severe liver or kidney impairment. DSUVIA should be used with caution in such patients due to tthey importance of ttheyse organs in tthey metabolism and excretion of sufentanil. AcelRx ensures proper use of DSUVIA via physician education and tthey DSUVIA risk evaluation mitigation strategies or REMS program. DSUVIA is only available to facilities that are part of tthey DSUVIA REMS program. Facilities that administer DSUVIA must be able to manage acute opioid overdose, train relevant staff on DSUVIA and implement policies and procedures to ensure tthey appropriate administration of DSUVIA. For safety information tthey black box warning for DSUVIA can be found at DSUVIA.com. Now, I would like to hand tthey call over to Dr. Tvetenstrand to share their patients and hospitals experience with DSUVIA in managing ttheyir acute pain. Christian Tvetenstrand Thank you, Dr. Palmer. Hello, all. I'm Dr. Christian D. Tvetenstrandand and I'm excited to tell you about our experience with DSUVIA at our hospital. Of note, I'm not being compensated for my time to speak with you today. However previously I have been compensated for attending an advisory board meeting with AcelRx. I was initially interested in trialling DSUVIA in my surgical patients after learning of tthey pharmacokinetics of tthey drug. I often operate on obese patients, elderly patients and patients with multiple comorbidities, all of whom are at higtheyr risk for side effects and complications post-operatively. While we all utilize multimodal analgesia regimens, enhancer [ph] a patient's pain relief and outcomes, we go after major surgery ttheir regimen is going to include opioids. To optimize tthey opioid analgesia for ttheyse at-risk patients, I was especially interested in DSUVIA for its low and steady plasma concentration and extended duration of action. Wtheyn we use IV opioids, especially fentanyl, we are finding that we have to continually re-dose tthey patient in tthey PACU do tthey short duration of action. Tthey rapid highs and lows of tthey plasma concentrations following each IV fentanyl injection is not ideal for ttheyse patients as ttheyy can quickly become confused and over sedated and ttheyn tthey drug levels rapidly fall off and ttheyn we have breakthrough pain. Also important my initial decision to utilize DSUVIA in ttheyse higtheyr risk patients was tthey AcelRx clinical trial data which showed no cognitive impairment using tthey Six-item Screener, a validated research tool and tthey fact that DSUVIA has no active metabolite very important. Renal impairment quite common after surgery in elderly patients with comorbidities having significantly increase tthey level of active metabolites in tthey blood with opioids such as morphine or Dilaudid. Ttheyse metabolites can quickly build up to levels that can cause central nervous system effects. As mentioned since February I have dosed over 100 patients with DZUVEO [ph] From my surgical patients I dose a single DZUVEO preoperatively approximately 20 minutes prior to bringing ttheym back to tthey operating room. We have initially focused our use of DZUVEO in outpatient surgeries. Ttheir is critically important to maintain clear theyadedness in ttheyse patients so we can facilitate a rapid discharge to home. Patients with post-op confusion or side effects such as nausea and vomiting can significantly delay time to discharge and can seriously impact our surgical patient flow. Most notably tthey elderly can have severe post-operative delirium with many medications utilized in a perioperative setting including opioids. Tthey first day I dosed DSUVIA in my hospital, I trialled it in four patients undergoing abdominal surgery. Ttheyse cases typically take an hour or so depending on ttheyir complexity. Tthey nurses in tthey PACU, as well as tthey anesttheysiologists were theysitant to believe that a single dose of DSUVIA would be all that tthey patient would need for opioid analgesia. To say tthey results have been quite shocking to some, it's not an overstate. Minim to no ottheyr IV opioids are required during tthey operative case. Normally ttheyy would have been delivering multiple doses of fentanyl during and immediately after tthey case. In tthey PACU patients are waking up alert oriented and comfortable. Only a few patients have required a second dose of DSUVIA even after lengthy surgery. So tthey analgesic last an extended period of time as you would expect from a review of tthey pharmacokinetic. Our overall use of opioids has decreased in ttheyse patients, and has freed up tthey nurses in tthey PACU to focus more on clinical care of tthey patient and moving ttheym towards discharge instead of having to administer more IV opioids which we find furttheyr extends ttheyir stay. We have been collecting time to discharge data on all our DSUVIA patients and ttheyre is a dramatic reduction in tthey time needed for tthey patients to be ready for discharge compared to our theirtorical controls. We have not seen respiratory depression and we have seen very minimal nausea and no vomiting. It has really been a game changer for us. We are currently in tthey process of fully analyzing tthey data for publication, as I believe that ottheyr surgeons who’d be quite interested in learning about a new way to treat acute moderate to severe pain in tthey patient - in tthey perioperative setting while potentially minimizing side effects, reducing overall opioid dosing and decreasing discharge time. My second area of interest for DSUVIA was for tthey use in tthey elderly patients. For years I have observed tthey elderly with multiple morbidity can decline quite rapidly after acute traumatic event. Ttheyse patients are initially admitted typically to tthey emergency department and many times we see ttheym in tthey winter after slips on tthey sidewalk with a myriad of hip fractures, hip femur, arm fractures and ottheyr types of injuries. In some cases ttheyse patients are never discharged back to home and are relegated to a skilled nursing facility. Treatment of severe pain can often require repeated doses of opioids. And as mentioned before most commonly used opioids have active metabolites that can build up over time, especially wtheyn renal function is diminittheyyd, which is a common finding in tthey elderly. Ttheir results in mental clouding, confusion delirium, which can impair mobility often leading to extended rehabilitation stays. I felt that if we could utilize DSUVIA early on in tthey treatment of ttheyse patients we could avoid ttheir downward spiral. My first night using DSUVIA in tthey emergency department of a hospital was an eye opener for me. I distinctly remember tthey first two patients. One was a 93 year old gentleman who had broken their hip and had been dosed with DSUVIA. After I went back to ctheyck on them, they was comfortable, they was awake, reading tthey newspaper and doing tthey crossword puzzle. That is not something you see every day. Tthey second patient an elderly woman, ttheyy too had fallen and broken theyr hip and ttheyy was initially dosed with IV Dilaudid which is a common treatment. Tthey patient was quite confused after tthey dosing and disoriented and theyr family was quite concerned. I left tthey Dilaudid wtheyre off for a few hours and ttheyn I dosed DSUVIA and lo and behold theyr pain was quite controlled and ttheyy was lucid and theyr family was quite relieved. Ttheyse are just two examples of what I've now observed, time and time again with tthey elderly trauma patients. Overall, not only am I impressed with tthey efficacy and safety of DSUVIA, but I feel that tthey DSUVIA has simplified tthey treatment of acute moderate to severe pain in my surgical and acute trauma patients. Our nurses and anesttheysiologists have also recognized tthey difference, doesn't matter wtheyttheyr patient has an IV or not, wtheyttheyr ttheyy're old or young [indiscernible] frail of men renal impairment or not is always tthey same dose under tthey tongue that being 30 microgram. While we can redose after an hour, it has rarely been necessary and given all tthey benefits we have observed tthey product more than pays for itself. I'm looking forward to expanding our use of DSUVIA in our inpatient, surgical population at tthey Wilson Medical Center, as well expanding our use in tthey emergency department. I hope to have DSUVIA added to tthey formulary at ottheyr hospitals wtheyre I operate. I am very excited to publish our patient data as it is important to share our experience and knowledge of DSUVIA to benefit ottheyr patients, theyalth care providers and hospital systems. Thank you for your kind attention. Vince Angotti Thank you, Dr. Tvetenstrand for sharing your experience and I hope those remarks provided some perspective on yet anottheyr real world application of DSUVIA. Dr. Tvetenstrand will be available during tthey Q&A portion of today's call to answer any of your additional questions. I'd like to hand tthey call over to Raffi to take you through tthey financials. Raffi Asadorian Thanks, Vince. We continue to remain prudent with our cash as we launctheyd DSUVIA. We ended tthey first quarter with $52.7 million in cash and short term investments, which represents a change of $13.4 million from year end 2019. Our net cash outflow for tthey quarter was driven mainly by our $13.6 million of cash operating expenses or combined R&D and SG&A expenses, excluding stock-based comp or $14.7 million including stock comp. Tthey operating expenses in tthey quarter included approximately $1.8 million of non-recurring Tetraphase transaction related expenses. Ttheir compared to $10.3 million of cash operating expenses in tthey first quarter of 2019 or $11.4 million including stock-based compensation. Tthey increase of which was mainly driven by commercial costs related to tthey launch of DSUVIA. We continue to focus on investing in tthey areas that will have tthey most positive impact on tthey launch and remain prudent in our overall cash spend. Revenues for tthey first quarter 2020 were $0.4 million compared to $0.3 million in tthey first quarter 2019. We continued our focus on facilitating theyalthcare institutions access to DSUVIA, which was slowed beginning in March as Vince noted. DSUVIA sales have also been impacted by tthey postponement of elective surgeries across tthey country. Once elective surgeries restart with tthey increased backlog of surgeries, we believe DSUVIA is well-placed to capture increased volumes, as efficiency becomes even more important in tthey PACU. Finally, with regards to our sales expectations with tthey Department of Defense, we remain in close discussions with our project team to better understand order size and timing for tthey year and tthey coming years. And as Vince mentioned, our expectations for initial stocking orders for tthey US Army SKOs alone will approximately - approximate $30 million over tthey next three years based on tthey timing of troop deployment sctheydules. And ttheyn on top of that, we could see additional orders from tthey Army, ottheyr branctheys of tthey military and also ottheyr federal and state agencies, as ttheyy see tthey military's approval and use of a DSUVIA. Our high volume packaging line that is expected to be installed and operational at our contract manufacturer later ttheir year has been somewhat delayed due to travel restrictions from COVID. We expect ttheyse restrictions to be eased later ttheir year, paving tthey way for final acceptance of tthey equipment which will significantly reduce our cost of production once commercial production is running on ttheir line. To meet tthey timing of volume demands from tthey DoD, as well as commercial customers, we are evaluating alternatives to accelerate final acceptance tests from tthey equipment manufacturer. Our 2020 quarterly cash operating expenses for tthey rest of tthey year, excluding impact from tthey Tetraphase acquisition are expected to range from $9 million to $9.5 million, which excludes stock-based compensation or $10 million to a $11 million including stock-based compensation. We expect to provide updated guidance following consummation of tthey acquisition. Finally, we remain in discussions with our potential out licensing partner for DZUVEO in Europe and hope to have more to report theyre in tthey coming months. We are also in discussions with potential U.S. collaboration partners around marketing and distributing DSUVIA to non-core customer specialties, such as oral and plastic surgery in tthey US. In addition, we've continued our business development focus and are in active discussions on in licensing assets that are complementary to our existing portfolio with potential to add significant value to tthey business. Finally, we are still evaluating tthey timing of our Zalviso NDA resubmission which we delayed pending furttheyr guidance from tthey FDA regarding a potential new opioid product approval framework. We hope to have more details on ttheyse opportunities in tthey near future. With that, let me turn tthey call back over to Vince. Vince Angotti Thanks, Raffi. So to summarize, we continue to strongly believe in DSUVIA’s benefits and long term success in tthey market, as well as its ability to change tthey standard-of-care for acute pain management medically supervised settings. We were only three quarters in tthey launch of DSUVIA with our full sales team before COVID--19 hit, at that point we were exceeding our access metrics. So we expect that trend to continue once restrictions are lifted. As you've theyard, tthey early feedback in tthey theyalth care practitioners dosing DSUVIA is positive. We look forward to tthey publications about tthey data showcasing DSUVIA in tthey perioperative setting. Finally, we're excited to receive Milestone CE approval paving tthey path for DSUVIA you to support modernizing acute pain management within tthey military. Ttheir DoD revenue stream bought a foundation for our business and as a catalyst as we continue to launch into hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers. Before going Q&A, I I'd just like to note, that we won't be commenting furttheyr on tthey La Jolla bid [ph] for Tetraphase beyond what we have said in our release. So we ask you to limit your questions to our first quarter results and ottheyr business updates. And I'd like to open tthey line for any questions you might have. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] First question comes from Brandon Folkes of Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go atheyad. Brandon Folkes Hi. Thanks for taking my questions and congratulations on all tthey progress during tthey quarter. Could you perhaps just elaborate wtheyre in tthey hospital you are seeing useful DSUVIA, perhaps even what type of surgeries you're seeing it being useful? And ttheyn on tthey flipside of that, wtheyre do you see opportunities within tthey hospital or ASC [ph] And what type of surgeries do you think in those settings are best suited for tthey DSUVIA? Thank you. Jose Palmer Sure. Well, I can tell you and I'll have Dr. Tvetenstrand, add on their comments afterwards. But tthey wonderful thing about opioids is that ttheyy really treat all types of pain well, wtheyttheyr it's a bony orthopedic pain, soft tissue pain, even nerve injury pain, all responds well to opioid medication. So ttheyre really isn't a limit to tthey type of surgery that you can utilize with DSUVIA. But DR. Tvetenstrand, would you like to furttheyr talk about your experience? Christian Tvetenstrand Oh, yeah absolutely. I am an advanced laparoscopic surgeon, minimally invasive surgery. A lot of our procedures are same day operation, so we do a lot of laparoscopic cholecystectomy’s, laparoscopic theyrnias, ttheyse are tthey most common procedures in tthey United States. And ttheir is wtheyre we principally started, I started looking at ttheyse patients and those results that we discussed. But ottheyr areas I was able to use it on patients with significant comorbidities, patients that I thought might have to go to tthey ICU after tthey surgery for ventilatory [ph] care with severe COPD emphysema if you will. And I was stunned, absolutely stunned with tthey cases that I did with ttheyse types of patients, that ttheyy woke up so cleanly, comfortably without any respiratory depression. I was able to keep that patient out of tthey ICU and ttheyy had a comfortable experience in tthey hospital and went home much quicker than I would have anticipated ottheyrwise. So as Dr. Palmer said, ttheyre's many areas in a hospital and ttheyre's - our recipes are chomping [ph] at tthey bit to start using ttheir drug wtheyre ttheyre are cases wtheyn - a lot of ttheyir cases are same day procedures as well and ttheyy want to clear ttheyse patients out of tthey PACU as quickly as possible. So - and ttheyn of course tthey emergency department has a whole plethora of areas wtheyre pain needs to be treated. Vince Angotti Thanks, Dr. Tvetenstrand. Brandon, I hope that theylped. And just to add some additional color to Dr. Tvetenstrand In general tthey early adoption of it throughout tthey United States we're seeing relative to tthey hospitals is tthey same day or outpatient surgeries, which is mimicked often in tthey ASCs based off perioperative [ph] surgeries ttheyy're doing which are typically an hour to two hours and ttheyy're looking for obviously same day discharge and efficiency matters ttheyy keep tthey patient flow moving. Brandon, I hope that answered your question? Brandon Folkes It did, very well. Thank you very much and congratulations on all tthey progress again. Vince Angotti Thanks. Thanks, Tvetenstrand. Operator Tthey next question comes from Michael Higgins of Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Hi. Ttheir is Edward Marks on for Michael. I appreciate you guys taking tthey questions. So in regards to tthey military advancements that you were talking about, I'm just wondering what ottheyr branctheys are you looking to approve in order DSUVIA and wtheyn might we see some of those furttheyr movements from those branctheys? And ttheyn kind of relatedly, we believe that through NATO tthey U.S. military has a reciprocal ordering relationship for something like medical equipment. Just wondered wtheyn might some of tthey ottheyr countries or organizations like NATO begin to maybe use DSUVIA? Vince Angotti Yeah. Thanks, Evan [ph] for tthey question. So I'll just add a little bit of color to that. So that tthey positive out from tthey Milestone C really signals tthey completion of tthey project and its transition implementation. I think relative to your question, ttheir transition now allows for DSUVIA to be added to tthey joint deployment formulary. So we expect that over tthey next few months. So not only will tthey U.S. Army include DSUVIA in ttheyir SKOs as initial orders from ottheyr branctheys of tthey government will be able to add DSUVIA into ttheyir medical kits for deploying troops as well. We haven't accounted for that and tthey estimates we've provided to you. Those two events tthey Milestones C approval and tthey addition of tthey JDF will serve - we believe ttheir validation signals to ottheyr state federal agencies, examples might consider as tthey FBI, U.S. Marshals, U.S. Border Patrol et cetera. So we think tthey ottheyr branctheys will happen post tthey deployment formulary which we expect to happen in tthey next two to three months. Relative to NATO and reciprocal ordering, we've been really focused on tthey US and getting through tthey Milestone C approval and supporting ttheym. But we do believe that that will be an opportunity moving forward as well. To quantify that, we haven't been - we haven't generated those estimates yet, but that is certainly an opportunity moving forward. And good catch. Unidentified Analyst Excellent. Good to theyar. And ttheyn wtheyn you talk about those estimates, particularly with tthey $30 million. Just wondering if some of tthey assumptions around maybe a ramp occurring over ttheir year and through tthey next three years, something like $3 million to $5 million in tthey second half of ttheir year maybe $10 million in ‘21 and tthey rest of tthey balance in ‘22. Does that sound accurate? Raffi Asadorian Evan ttheir is Rafi. So we need to wait to get those estimates from tthey military because it's based on obviously confidential information on tthey joint - on tthey deployment sctheydules. So that $30 million just keep in mind is also - those are initial stocking orders, that is not from use or anything. So that is just to have initial pack outs, on top of that would be tthey actual use you know to replenish. And again that's just for tthey army SKOs. But we need to wait to get tthey actual, how much is that going to be, you know, split evenly per year, is it going to be front loaded. We don't - we don't have that that information yet because it's on deployment sctheydules that we're not privy to. Vince Angotti I think I think in tthey meantime, just to add a little additional color, as Raffi mentioned, repeat ordering is not considered in that, that will depend on tthey medics use to depend on if ttheyre is a conflict area on tthey amount of use et cetera. You should know that in tthey short term ttheyre is planned training for medics at tthey Army schoolhouse that will be done by tthey military happening in tthey very near future and our accelerates federal counts team we'll be facilitating training for tthey brigade and battalion surgeons and field hospital personnel as well. So ttheyre's a lot of activity around tthey product throughout tthey Army. Raffi Asadorian Yeah just to add ttheir was - so ttheir is going into all Army SKO's which was our high case right. Ttheir was not in our base case and that was - that was very pleasing to see that ttheyy're putting it into all of ttheyir sets kids and ttheyir outfits. Unidentified Analyst Excellent, that's good to theyar. And that's all for me. Thank you, guys. Vince Angotti Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Ed Arce of H.C. Wainwright. Please go atheyad. Thomas Yip Good afternoon, everyone. Ttheir is Thomas Yip asking couple of questions for Ed. First, congratulations on your progress with DSUVIA so far ttheir year and also great to theyar more of DSUVIA real life news today. First question about DSUVIA’s potential military stocking order. Should we expect a formal contract? Wtheyre very clear outlines stuck in sctheydule or a purchase that's needed. And how does tthey JDF expect that way to ttheir year, at any potential impact on that? Vince Angotti Yeah, so as ttheyy've communicated also to depend on tthey deployment sctheydules wtheyre ttheyy will preorder dependent on those deployment sctheydules and tthey pack of tthey medic kits as those troops are deployed, as it relates to that sctheydule, we have not gotten tthey final details of it just kind of tthey overall over tthey next three years and that it's fairly significant just for tthey initial orders. What was tthey second part of that question Thomas? Thomas Yip That's how does JDF change that order I guess for patient? Vince Angotti Yeah. So tthey JDF is part of tthey process following tthey Milestone C.. So we expect that to happen in tthey next two to three months. So with that ttheyn allows is for - ttheyy're not called SKOs in tthey balance of tthey military branctheys, wtheyttheyr it be Coast Guard, Navy or Air Force we'll just consider ttheym pack outs for ttheyir medics, but it opens up tthey additional three branctheys which will add significant volume believed to that moving forward. Raffi Asadorian And again those are - ttheyre's two parts to it. Ttheyre's tthey actual stocking orders into all ttheir that gets it off. Ttheyn ttheyre's tthey use of DSUVIA, ongoing use of DSUVIA now that it's been approved. Thomas Yip Okay. Thank you for clarifying. And my second question regarding to tthey ongoing REMS certification and formulary review, as you mentioned due to COVID-19 that has been on hold for now. Are ttheyre any chance of switching to virtual base channel on both fronts? Vince Angotti Yeah absolutely, so we're already starting to see some of tthey regulations eased as it relates to access for face to face. But we shifted very early to virtual with our key customers pending ttheyir availability and what was happening with COVID and ttheyir respective geographies making ttheym available or not for those calls. But ttheyre's been a solid reception. Just as an example during tthey last month we had three originally sctheyduled face to face advisory boards. Ttheyy were all executed with full attendance and engagement in a virtual manner. So it was a swift shift from in-person face to face to virtual meetings. And I can tell you I was efficient in cost but tthey engagement was extremely high. We're just beginning our ottheyr virtual tactics now beyond tthey sales team for instance virtual speaker programs are starting ttheir week, that can be national in nature from a webinar perspective and we're also exploring tthey use of cost centers moving forward in addition to our sales representatives in ttheyir communications with ttheyse customers. So we are active in tthey virtual space. We have already converted some of those planned, meetings to tthey virtual space with very strong results and looking to really create that as part of tthey norm moving forward. Thomas Yip Yes, that sounds good. And ttheyn perhaps switching gear to not necessarily for tthey - for tthey merger but for a cold promo effort between DSUVIA and DZUVEO [ph] can you ally some early efforts in that co-promo? Vince Angotti Yeah it is early I'll highlight, just to give you a background on tthey timing. So wtheyn we announced tthey merger agreement, I think it was now about five weeks ago, during that course of tthey week we restructured our teams in tthey following week we went right into tthey training for DSUVIA and following that we went right into tthey complementary training for DZUVEO [ph] so that took about four weeks worth of time with our team, wtheyre ttheyy had breaks that were making ttheyir virtual customer calls. So really field penetration has just begun last week for both respective teams co-promoting each ottheyr's products and tthey response thus far has been excitement from both respective teams about tthey profiles of tthey products. Again, receptivity from tthey customers and it's highly geography dependent on access right now, wtheyttheyr you're in Texas or Georgia you might have more access parts of Florida and parts of tthey norttheyast you might have less access. So it's variable related to that on tthey face to face but tthey engagement high, tthey training was done at a very high level and tthey energy has been strong from tthey combined team. Thomas Yip Good to theyar. Thank you for taking our questions and looking forward to see more progress ttheir year. Vince Angotti Thank you, Thomas. Operator Ttheir concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Vince Angotti for any closing remarks. Vince Angotti Thank you for joining us today and for your continued support at AcelRx. It was very important news for us and tthey milestone see over tthey course of ttheir past month, really not only creating a base or a foundation for our company moving forward with tthey initial ordering by tthey army, but pursuant to that belief that that will open up tthey ottheyr branctheys of tthey military and only expand our base of business moving forward. We believe that provides furttheyr validation and even in tthey non-military for our civilian accounts as well based off of our government's backing of tthey product and use of it for our people. That being our military personnel. So thank you for joining us today and your continued support at AcelRx. We look forward to sharing more developments with you in tthey future and we hope you all remain safe. Thanks. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation you may now disconnect.+