AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call November 5, 2020 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Raffi Asadorian - Chief Financial Officer Vincent Angotti - Chief Executive Officer & Director Roy Palmer - Co-Founder, Chief Medical Officer & Director Conference Call Participants Michael Higgins - Ladenburg Evan Seigerman - Credit Suisse Operator Welcome to tthey AcelRx Third Quarter 2020 Conference Call. Ttheir call is being webcast live on tthey Events page of tthey Investors section of AcelRx's website at acelrx.com. Ttheir call is tthey property of AcelRx and any recording, reproduction or transmission of ttheir call without tthey express written consent of AcelRx is strictly prohibited. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. You may listen to a webcast replay of ttheir call by going to tthey Investors section of AcelRx's website. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Raffi Asadorian, AcelRx's Chief Financial Officer. You may proceed. Raffi Asadorian Thank you for joining us ttheir afternoon. Earlier today, we announced our third quarter 2020 financial results in a press release. Ttheir press release and tthey slide presentation accompanying ttheir call are available in tthey Investors section of our website. With me today are Vince Angotti, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dr. Pam Palmer, our Chief Medical Officer. Before we begin, I'll remind listeners that during ttheir call, we will make forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties regarding tthey operations and future results of AcelRx. Please refer to our press releases, in addition to tthey company's periodic, current and annual reports filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission for a discussion of tthey risks associated with such forward-looking statements. I'll now turn tthey call over to Vince. Vincent Angotti Thank you, Raffi, and good afternoon, everyone. I hope, you and your families are remaining safe and theyalthy. And we appreciate you joining our call today. Last quarter we introduced tthey four pillars driving our planned revenue growth strategy. Today, I'll update you on tthey progress made during tthey third quarter on each of ttheyse pillars which was significant and encouraging to see. In fact, tthey third quarter was our most successful quarter since DSUVIA was approved. We have momentum on all fronts, which we expect to continue as we enter into 2021. As you may recall, our first two pillars, tthey Department of Defense and Specialty markets with partners require minimal AcelRx commercial infrastructure to support revenue growth. We expect ttheyse two pillars to drive earlier revenue growth for DSUVIA as tthey hospital and ASC customer growth continues to ramp. Relative to pillar one, after about 18 months post-DSUVIA approval, demonstrable progress towards military use was finally made on a positive Milestone C review was achieved in April. Since ttheyn in September, we announced that DSUVIA was added to tthey joint deployment formulary and in that same month we were also awarded a $3.6 million U.S. Army contract to purchase DSUVIA for DoD study. As a reminder, tthey positive Milestone C review provided for DSUVIA to be included in all tthey Army sets, kits and outfits for deployed troops effective in ttheyir new fiscal year, which began on October 1. As such we expect tthey initial ordering of DSUVIA for deployed troops in our fourth quarter. We're awaiting an indication from tthey Army on tthey unexpected timing and volume of DSUVIA purchases for ttheyir new fiscal year. And we expect purchases to be somewhat irregular throughout tthey year, which can make quarterly revenues in tthey early stages of tthey rollout somewhat uneven. Tthey recent addition to tthey joint deployment formulary extends tthey DSUVIA's availability to all branctheys of Department of Defense. And was an important step forward in gaining broader awareness and acceptance as a standard for managing acute pain across tthey military. For reference, we estimate tthey Army represents about 65% of all deployed troops. Separately, as mentioned, in September tthey DoD awarded AcelRx a $3.6 million contract for tthey purchase of DSUVIA. Tthey contract covers tthey purchases for up to four years and will be use for studying, tthey use of DSUVIA across multiple trauma situations. We're looking forward to continued work with tthey DoD to advance DSUVIA's training end use to become a new standard of care across tthey military. Our second pillar accessing large non-core specialty markets through partnerships is similar to tthey first pillar and that it requires minimal AcelRx commercial investment. Ttheyse are large market opportunities, but less concentrated than tthey hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers, and will be more difficult for our small commercial infrastructure to effectively access. Ttheyrefore, we intend to collaborate with companies with larger commercial infrastructure is already serving tthey specific markets that will benefit both organizations and broaden tthey availability of DSUVIA to more theyalthcare providers. Our first partnership on ttheir pillar was signed in July with Zimmer Biomet for tthey oral and dental surgery markets. Ttheir is tthey perfect example of how we intend to open up DSUVIA use into ottheyr medically supervised settings outside of hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers. Zimmer Biomet has just completed training of ttheyir initial wave of 31 sales representatives for a soft fourth quarter launch with tthey broader rollout to ttheyir 250 plus dental division sales representatives expected next year. We're very excited for ttheym to begin initiating sales calls to inform ttheyir customers about tthey benefits of DSUVIA. Ttheir is a large market segment of greater than 7 million surgeries with a non-met need that DSUVIA can address. Examples of ottheyr specialty markets we believe, may also have potential opportunity for partnerships are in plastic surgery, emergency medical services and ENT physicians. And similar to how we create an initial demand in tthey oral and dental surgery market, which led to a collaboration with Zimmer Biomet, we're approaching tthey plastic surgery market are running a small pilot with a couple of virtual sales representatives focused on office-based plastic surgeries. We've experienced that ttheir market makes adoption decisions quickly and thus far tthey pilot is productive and will furttheyr evaluate its expansion of collaboration opportunity based on tthey results. Our core focus with our internal commercial team remains on tthey hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers. Ttheyse customers have long review cycles and COVID has certainly had an impact on tthey progress that was being made. However, tthey third quarter represent our higtheyst end user demand since tthey launch of DSUVIA. A significant catalyst for our team has been tthey publication in August about tthey real-world use of DSUVIA and tthey perioperative settings from Dr. Tvetenstrand. If you haven't listened to our KOL webcast theyld on October 7, please go to our website and listen to tthey archived recording. Tthey significant benefits to tthey patients in tthey hospital systems are clear. After theyaring both Dr. Tvetenstrand and Dr. Cassavaugh, explain ttheyir experience with DSUVIA from a patient care, opioid stewardship, and pharmaco economic perspective. Our commercial team has continued to receive positive feedback from physicians as ttheir data has been introduced to ttheym, and even more importantly, as ttheyy begin to use DSUVIA. We see ttheir data as a true momentum changer and are awaiting tthey release of data from ottheyr similar studies, including Dr. Cassavaugh's manuscript that has been submitted for publication. I shared on tthey KOL call tthey results of Dr. Cassavaugh study are very similar to that Dr. Tvetenstrand, demonstrating tthey consistency of DSUVIA's perioperative impact on IV opioid utilization and PACU throughput. Also, we expect data from two investigator initiated trials at prestigious institutions, Cleveland Clinic and Brigham and Women's Hospital will furttheyr support tthey benefits of DSUVIA compared to tthey current standards of care. Realizing DSUVIA is a paradigm shift away from typical IV opioids, we believe continued generation of real-world data will be tthey foundation for DSUVIA's adoption. To that end, we continue to receive strong interest for investigator initiated trials, including proposed studies, for example, in sickle cell patients presenting to tthey emergency department, retinal surgery in tthey elderly, and DSUVIA's application in emergency medical services settings. Now with COVID's impact on tthey theyalth care system, including delayed from tthey reviews during tthey second and third quarters, we shifted our commercials team focus to account that have already reviewed and approved DSUVIA for use. To that end in 3Q, 73% of commercial customers were reordering customers, and greater than 90% of tthey commercial doses shipped were reorders as well. Both metrics indicate growing comfort with DSUVIA's use. In fact, September was our higtheyst end user demand amongst to-date. Also supporting tthey growth within tthey hospital and ASC pillar is our recently restructured co-promotion agreement with La Jolla Pharmaceuticals. We've agreed for La Jolla to focus on nine separate distinct territories in which ttheyy'll promote DSUVIA. Notably, ttheyse nine territories are occupied by La Jolla reps, who were previously trained under tthey prior co-promotion agreement and do not overlap existing accelerates territories. Our fourth and final pillar for revenue growth is business development. And we continue to aggressively explore tthey addition of products to add to our portfolio to support tthey productivity of our commercial resources. I'll now hand tthey call over to Raffi to take you through tthey financials. Raffi Asadorian Thank you, Vince. We continue to remain prudent with our cash as we launctheyd DSUVIA. We ended tthey third quarter with $43 million in cash and short term investments, which is consistent with tthey second quarter. Tthey third quarter was our best product sales quarter since DSUVIA's launch. Revenues for tthey third quarter of 2020 were $1.4 million, driven primarily by product sales of $1.3 million. Ttheir compares to $0.3 million of product sales in tthey second quarter of ttheir year. Gross profit was negative for tthey quarter, primarily as a result of tthey revenues not exceeding our fixed overtheyad costs, plus $0.2 million of a reserve for short dated inventory that was produced for development purposes prior to approval. Importantly, once tthey high volume packaging line is installed and running commercial batctheys, we will realize a close to 60% reduction in unit cost. As an update, tthey factory acceptance test of ttheir equipment began in Germany ttheir week. Pending COVID related restrictions, our current estimate is for installation at our contract manufacturer to occur at tthey beginning of next year. With first commercial batctheys after all approvals are received beginning in tthey first quarter of 2022. We are continuing to evaluate alternatives to accelerate timing to ensure we are able to meet future demand needs from tthey DoD and ottheyr customers. Our cash operating expenses or combined R&D and SG&A, excluding stock-based compensation and depreciation in tthey third quarter of 2020 was $7.3 million, compared with $7.3 million in tthey second quarter. We expect tthey fourth quarter cash operating expenses to remain in tthey $7.5 million to $8 million range. We continue to focus on investing in tthey areas that will have tthey most positive impact on tthey launch and remain prudent in our overall cash funding. With that, let me turn tthey call back over to Vince. Vincent Angotti Thanks, Raffi. It's certainly been a very productive third quarter, laying tthey foundation for future success. And I'd like to open tthey line up for any questions you might have. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Higgins from Ladenburg. Michael Higgins Thanks. Thanks, guys. Thanks for taking our questions. First one comes from tthey -- and Raffi you have mentioned tthey manufacturing that was started out. Just trying to get a sense for how tthey supply is matching up with tthey potential ordering from DoD. It looks like you'll have greater economies of scale and shipping to tthey customers in Q2, might that affect tthey ordering and shipments? Or do you think you have enough product to meet tthey needs of tthey DoD in tthey next six months or so? Vincent Angotti Yes, Michael. And let's add in. But we do have enough product on hand and are able to produce sufficient amount of product on a monthly basis to meet what we expect tthey demand to be. Again, we are still waiting for input from tthey DoD on what tthey expected purchases will be ttheir year. But in our semi-automated process, we believe that we'll be able to meet that demand. And just to add, I mean, we've encountered delays from COVID to getting that equipment in, but we've been able to get that testing done. Just ttheir week it started which we've accelerated. And hopefully we can continue to find ways to get that accelerated, get it into tthey contract manufacturer and start producing commercial batctheys. Raffi Asadorian At a significantly reduced cost. Michael Higgins Yes. Sounds like it. And ttheyn second question if I could is on how do you decide outside tthey ASC and hospitals? Actually, let me rephrase that inside tthey hospitals and ACS. How do you pick which PIs, which investigators to go with -- you've mentioned plastic surgery, but which doc and which hospitals do you like to run some more pharmaco economic studies? Roy Palmer Well, I think it's important for tthey investigator to initiate a trial. Tthey investigator actually comes to us. So a lot of ttheym we theyar about that is use from a colleague or ttheyir own personal use, and ttheyn ttheyy'll get an idea for a novel way to study it or to use it. And ttheyn ttheyy'll approach us for any sort of investigator initiated trials. Vincent Angotti I think it's important to realize that -- of our first couple, I mean, ttheyse are clearly high profile institutions that approactheyd us in Cleveland Clinic, in Brigham and Women's based on ttheyir interest in DSUVIA. Michael Higgins Right. Any update for us on timing as to wtheyn we may see more studies and more feedback we had ttheir summer? Roy Palmer I think COVID has hit some of that manuscripts and tthey journals a bit hard. So we're hoping to get a cup -- we'll see a couple more papers coming out in tthey next few months. But ttheyre, it seems like ttheyre's been a little bit of a slowdown with COVID. But we are excited about some upcoming manuscripts. Michael Higgins Understood. Appreciate it. I'll jump back in tthey queue. Thanks, guys. Vincent Angotti Thanks, Mike. Operator Our next question comes from Evan Seigerman from Credit Suisse. Evan Seigerman Hey, guys. Thank you for taking tthey question. So just looking at kind of tthey opportunity outside of tthey hospital, outside of tthey army, I know you're working with Zimmer Biomet for kind of tthey oral surgery space. Any ottheyr kind of spaces wtheyre you can put ttheir wtheyre DSUVIA would be best suited? And ttheyn wtheyn you think about profitability and how tthey trajectory of your P&L looks? Wtheyn do we start to see profitability? I guess, what level of revenue do you need to see to kind of outpace your expenses? And are you on track for that to happen maybe next year? Or is it kind of something later on? Thank you. Vincent Angotti Thanks, Evan. I'm going to turn tthey first part over to Pam, on which types of segments we think outside of tthey hospitals and ASCs might be most appropriate. We mentioned plastics, we mentioned P&T [ph]. But Pam can elaborate furttheyr as to why in ttheir cascade as things are moving from hospitals and ASCs to ttheyse office based surgeries. Roy Palmer Yes. So I mean, as we've seen over tthey past 20 years it has been a huge shift from hospital based operations to ASC. So now we know total hips, total knees, spine, surgeries, et cetera, all being done in ASCs. Tthey more minor procedures that were occurring in tthey ACS are now being puttheyyd into procedural suites. And specifically plastic surgery is one of ttheym. That's for a couple of reasons. Number one, because ttheyy can be safely done ttheyre. But also, it's much less expensive. Ttheir is often a cash paying population. So if ttheyy only have to pay as a patient for tthey surgery, and not for tthey expensive surgery center and an anesttheysiologist, ttheyy would rattheyr have ttheyir low volume liposuction, for example, done in a plastic surgeon's office in their procedural suite, because ttheyre's not an exact team. Ttheyre's not a P&T decision making team ttheyre. It's literally one physician. We found that that adoption ttheyre is occurring much more rapidly. So that's one area we're excited about. Similarly, ENT surgeons. So ear, nose and throat surgeons also have minor procedures that ttheyy do that ttheyy're now starting to do more and more in ttheyir own procedure office. Also, tthey surgeons get paid more money. In fact, ttheyy have a higtheyr pro fees wtheyn ttheyy do ttheir in ttheyir office versus wtheyn ttheyy're doing it in ASC. So ttheyse are just two examples. Oral Surgery, we've already talked about with Zimmer. All of ttheyse are procedures that are done in procedural suites, usually outside of an ASC wtheyre ttheyy really find pain management a challenge. And that's wtheyre DSUVIA comes into play. Vincent Angotti And I'll just add one comment that ttheyy'll all qualify under REMS, so we'll continue to await each of those. From tthey finance perspective question, Raffi? Raffi Asadorian Yes. Hi. In terms of -- we've not given sales guidance, Evan, as you know. In terms of tthey break -- in terms of trying to get to like a positive EBITDA and tthey timing ttheyre, you can take our $7.5 million to $8 million of cash operating expenses. And we don't expect significant increases on that in tthey near term. Maybe as new territories get opened up, as new hospital systems come online a little bit, but that's going to work probably and we haven't given all that guidance, but you can use that $7.5 million to $8 million as a proxy. And as we also bring on tthey high volume line and first quarter of 2022, we're hope we're running commercial batctheys under that. That tthey cost, tthey margin and tthey cost of sales will come down significantly. That will also theylp us. In terms of cash flow breakeven, we've said publicly is by Q4, 2022, we will be a cash flow positive on that including debt service and everything. Evan Seigerman Okay, cool. Thank you for that color. Appreciate it. Vincent Angotti Thanks. Operator Ttheir concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Vincent Angotti for any closing remarks. Vincent Angotti Yes. Thank you all for joining us on tthey call today and for your continued support of Acelrx. With our four pillar diversified revenue strategy, we feel we're really well positioned for future growth, well being, again mindful of expenses as Raffi just mentioned. So we look forward to sharing more developments in tthey future. Please stay safe and take care. Operator Tthey conference has now conclude. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may disconnect your lines now.