AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q2 2017 Earnings Conference Call August 1, 2017 4:30 PM ET Executives Vincent Angotti - CEO Tim Morris - CFO Pam Palmer - Co-founder and Chief Medical Officer Gina Ford - VP, Commercial Strategy Jane Wright-Mitctheyll - Chief Legal Officer Harold Minkowitz - Principal Investigator Analysts Matttheyw Andrews - Jefferies Michael Higgins - ROTH Capital Partners Ed Arce - H.C. Wainwright Randall Stanicky - RBC Capital Markets Boris Peaker - Cowen & Co David Amsellem - Piper Jaffray Operator Good day, everyone, and welcome to tthey AcelRx ZALVISO Phase 3 Top-Line Data and 2Q17 Financial Results Discussion. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today's presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Jane Wright-Mitctheyll. Please go atheyad. Jane Wright-Mitctheyll Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to today's review of tthey IAP312 study results and our second quarter financials. I'm joined theyre today by Vince Angotti, our Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Pam Palmer, our Co-founder and Chief Medical Officer; Merrill Keefer [ph], our Corporate Controller; and Dr. Harold Minkowitz, tthey Principal Investigator in our ZALVISO Clinical Program and a practicing anesttheysiologist at Memorial Hermann Memorial City Medical Center in Houston, Texas. Before I turn tthey call over to Vince, let me remind you of our Safe Harbor language. During tthey call today, we will make forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements related to tthey process and timing of anticipated future development of AcelRx's product candidates DSUVIA, sufentanil sublingual tablet 30 microgram known as ARX-04 outside of tthey United States, and ZALVISO, sufentanil sublingual tablet system, including U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA review of tthey New Drug Application, or NDA for DSUVIA; tthey potential approval of tthey DSUVIA NDA by tthey FDA; tthey European Medicines Agency or EMA's scientific review of tthey ARX-04 Marketing Authorization Application, or MAA; tthey DSUVIA and ARX-04's clinical trial results; AcelRx's pathway forward towards gaining approval of ZALVISO in tthey United States, including tthey planned resubmission of tthey ZALVISO NDA to tthey FDA; and tthey ttheyrapeutic and commercial potential of AcelRx's product candidates, including potential market opportunities for DSUVIA, ARX-04 and ZALVISO. Ttheyse current forward-looking statements are based on AcelRx Pharmaceuticals' current expectation and intheyrently involves significant risk and uncertainties. AcelRx Pharmaceuticals' actual results and timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. And as a result of ttheyse risks and uncertainties, which include without limitation, risks related to AcelRx Pharmaceuticals' DSUVIA and ARX-04 development programs, including tthey FDA review of tthey DSUVIA NDA; tthey EMA review of tthey ARX-04 MAA and tthey possibilities that tthey FDA or tthey EMA may dispute or interpret differently clinical results obtained from tthey DSUVIA or ARX-04 Phase 2 and 3 studies; tthey possibility that tthey FDA may dispute or interpret differently tthey results of tthey ZALVISO development programs, including tthey results from tthey IAP312 clinical trials; any delays or inability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of its products, including DSUVIA in tthey United States, ARX-04 in Europe and ZALVISO in tthey United States; tthey uncertain clinical development process including adverse events, tthey success, cost and timing of all development activities and clinical trials, tthey accuracy of AcelRx's estimates regarding expenses and capital requirement and tthey needs of financing and ottheyr risks detailed in tthey Risk Factors and elsewtheyre in AcelRx's U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filings and reports, including most recently, quarterly report on Form 10-Q and ottheyr SEC filings. AcelRx undertakes no duty or obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in ttheir presentation as a result of new information, future events or changes in its expectations. I will now turn tthey call over to Vince. Vincent Angotti Thanks, Jane. And thanks to everyone for dialing in for today's call. Ttheir morning, we released results of tthey ZALVISO IAP312 study. Since tthey timing of tthey 312 results overlaps with our second quarter financial results, we'll focus ttheir call on tthey 312 clinical update but also briefly discuss tthey quarter's accomplishments and financial results. As a reminder, IAP312 is a Phase 3 study in hospitalized post-operative patients, who self-administered 15 micrograms sufentanil sublingual tablets using tthey ZALVISO system as often as once every 20 minutes to manage ttheyir moderate to severe acute pain. We conducted ttheir study at tthey request of tthey FDA to evaluate tthey overall performance of tthey ZALVISO system. And for those of you unfamiliar with tthey AcelRx story, AcelRx first filed an NDA for marketing approval of ZALVISO in 2013. With tthey original ZALVISO design utilized in tthey Phase 3 study, IAP311, 7.9% of patients experienced a device error over tthey treatment period of up to 72 hours. In all of tthey Phase 3 studies, we also observed a small number of inadvertently misplaced tablets, that being less than 0.1% of total dispensed tablets. In July 2014, we received a Complete Response Letter, or CRL. In ttheir CRL, tthey FDA requested that we adequately lower tthey device error rate and expressed concern that inadvertently misplaced tablets had not been addressed or routinely assessed as part of tthey study protocols. So in response, we conducted bench testing and human factor studies to respond to tthey FDA's concerns, as well as worked with tthey FDA to design IAP312 to provide additional clinical data on tthey functionality and usability of tthey newly revised ZALVISO system. We believe that 312 results presented today address tthey Agency's questions, and we are looking forward to submitting ttheir data to tthey FDA as part of tthey resubmitted NDA for ZALVISO. And with that as a backdrop, let me turn tthey call over to Pam for a review of tthey results. Pam Palmer Thanks, Vince. First, I'd like to thank all tthey patients, physicians and nurses for ttheyir participation in tthey study. Tthey IAP312 study enrolled a total of 320 hospitalized post-operative patients, who use ZALVISO for up to 72 hours to manage ttheyir moderate to severe acute pain. Patients were considered a completer if ttheyy successfully completed at least 24 hours in ttheir study following tthey first dose of study medication. Ttheyre was no primary efficacy endpoint but rattheyr a list of study objectives, including those requested by tthey FDA. At least 315 patients were required to be enrolled in order for tthey study to have a 90% power to demonstrate that tthey upper limit of a 90% confidence interval of tthey device error rate during patient use was not greater than 5%. We enrolled a wide range of patients of different ages, surgeries and comorbidities. Specifically, patients who participated in tthey study were 60% female and tthey average age of all study participants was 57 years, with 38% aged 65 or older. 41% of patients had a BMI of greater than 30. Tthey majority of patients underwent eittheyr knee replacement surgery, 25%; hip replacement surgery, 24% or major open abdominal surgery, 21%. Approximately 91% of patients completed ttheir study with tthey reasons for dropping out prior to 24 hours being inadequate analgesia, 2.5%; adverse event, 1.9%; early discharge, 1.6% and various ottheyr reasons which totaled 3.5%. Regarding device functionality, tthey occurrence of a device error during patient use occurred in 2.2% of tthey patients enrolled in IAP312 over tthey course of up to 72 hours of treatment and tthey upper limit of a 90% confidence interval was 4.1%, which was lower than tthey protocol's target of 5%. Moreover, ttheir rate was statistically lower, p-value less than 0.001 than tthey 7.9% rate of device errors during patient use previously reported for an earlier version of ZALVISO device evaluated in tthey prior Phase 3 study IAP311. Regarding misplaced tablets, throughout tthey IAP312 study, patients self-administered a total of 7,293 sufentanil tablets. Per tthey updated ZALVISO treating instructions electronically displayed on tthey handtheyld device, six patients called tthey nurse wtheyn ttheyy failed to properly self-administer a single tablet to allow for proper retrieval and disposal of tthey tablet. Also during inspection by tthey nurse, which occurred every two hours per protocol, a total of seven misplaced tablets or less than 0.1% of total dispensed tablets were discovered with six additional patients. No patient had a repeat incident under an inadvertent misplaced tablet following retraining on tthey device. Ttheir combination of patient training and nurse inspections, along with tthey tracking feature of tthey ZALVISO device could potentially address tthey FDA's concerns regarding drug accountability. With respect to measuring tthey efficacy in ttheir study, patients entered with a baseline score of 5.8 on average on a rating scale of zero to 10 with 10 being tthey worst imaginable pain. Mean pain scores from tthey first time point at 15 minutes and all subsequent time points were statistically improved from baseline with a p-value of less than 0.001. A mean decrease of 1.3 on tthey 11-point NRS scale, which has been reported in tthey literature as a clinically significant reduction in pain intensity in post-operative patients, occurred between tthey 15 and 30 minute time point in ttheir study. After each 24-hour period throughout tthey studies, tthey Patient Global Assessment, or PGA, of tthey method of pain control, which measured tthey patient satisfaction with ttheyir quality of analgesia, was recorded. At tthey same time, Healthcare Professional Global Assessment, or HPGA, of tthey method of pain control was also recorded. Patient ratings at 24, 48 and 72 hours show that 86%, 89% and 100%, respectively, had PGA ratings of good or excellent. Similar ratings were recorded by theyalthcare professionals on tthey HPGA, with 91%, 95% and 100%, respectively reporting good or excellent. From a safety standpoint, ZALVISO was shown to be well-tolerated by study participants with no adverse events reported for 41% of patients. Tthey three most frequent adverse events were nausea 26%, hypotension 11% and vomiting 10%. A total of five patients experienced serious adverse events but all were considered unrelated to study drug by investigators. At ttheir point, I would like to turn tthey call over to Dr. Harold Minkowitz, who has been a principal investigator in not only tthey IAP312 study, but many of our ZALVISO clinical trials. He is an anesttheysiologist at Memorial Hermann Hospital in Houston, Texas and a well-known acute pain clinical researctheyr. Dr. Minkowitz, can you speak to your clinical observations and experience with tthey ZALVISO system for treating post-operative pain? Harold Minkowitz Absolutely. Hello, everyone. I am Dr. Harold Minkowitz. And as Dr. Palmer mentioned, I have been involved in evaluating sublingual sufentanil for tthey treatment of moderate to severe acute pain since tthey initial Phase 2 study of ZALVISO in 2008. From both my personal observations, as well as reports from our staff and from our patients, we found ZALVISO system easy-to-use and was pleased by tthey level of analgesia observed and reported by our study patients. In addition to being enlisted under ttheir IAP312 study, I was also initiating a new Phase 3 ZALVISO clinical trial, IAP309, which was a theyad-to-theyad study of ZALVISO versus IV patient-controlled analgesia with morphine. In that study, [Technical Difficulty] compared to IV-PCA morphine. Since that time, I'm pleased to see furttheyr improvements in ZALVISO have been treated as evidenced by tthey results of ttheir IAP312 study. It is important to remember [Technical Difficulty] analgesics often associated with programmable infusion pumps. Overdosing patients with opioids can lead to significant morbidity and mortality. Having excess resist with ZALVISO, which is preprogrammed may eliminate tthey potential for ttheyse type of errors and [indiscernible] currently available for us to use in a hospital setting. Not to mention tthey fact that ZALVISO eliminates tthey need for an additional IV, decreasing tthey risk of IV line infection. Pam Palmer Thanks Dr. Minkowitz. We intend to submit tthey IAP312 results togettheyr with those from our earlier IAP309, 310 and 311 studies, as part of a resubmitted new drug application for ZALVISO to tthey FDA by tthey end of 2017. Our expectations that results from ttheir IAP312 study will provide tthey FDA with a complete picture of ZALVISO's usability and functionality. Moving onto additional accomplishments for tthey second quarter. Recently, we announced that tthey commercial ZALVISO system was recognized by tthey prestigious Red Dot Organization and received a Red Dot Award in tthey category of product design, life sciences and medicine. Red Dot, for those not familiar with it, is an internationally recognized quality label for design excellence. You can go to tthey website red-dot.de to see tthey winners of ttheir award. I also wanted to update you on DSUVIA activities. As you know, we filed tthey NDA for DSUVIA and are expecting response from tthey FDA in October of ttheir year. Tthey FDA informed us that ttheyy would not be convening an advisory committee meeting to review DSUVIA. In Europe, we filed an MAA and have received EMA's Day-120 letter as expected. We remain on track with both of ttheyse applications. Now let me turn tthey call back to Vince, who will run through tthey second quarter financials with you. Vincent Angotti Thank you, Pam, and thank you, Dr. Minkowitz. Our new CFO, Raffi Asadorian, starts in a few weeks, so you'll get a chance to meet them on our third quarter conference call. We're certainly happy to have them on board. In tthey meantime, I'll highlight tthey financials for you so we can get to your questions. We ended tthey quarter with cash, cash equivalents and investments of $62.1 million, which was in line with our plan, compared to $80.3 million at December 31, 2016, and $72.3 million at tthey end of tthey first quarter. Tthey decrease in cash is primarily attributable to cash used in operating activities. Net loss for tthey second quarter of 2017 was $13.1 million, or $0.29, basic and diluted net loss per share, compared to $11.1 million, or $0.24, basic and diluted net loss per share for tthey second quarter of 2016. Tthey net loss from operations in tthey second quarter of 2017 was $9.9 million, compared to $8.3 million during tthey second quarter last year. For tthey six months ended June 30, 2017, AcelRx reported a net loss of $28.6 million, or $0.63, basic and diluted net loss per share compared to $22.1 million, or $0.49, basic and diluted net loss per share for tthey same period in '16. Tthey increased net loss in tthey first half of 2017 was primarily due to decreased DoD contract revenue combined with increased cost of goods sold related to larger shipments of ZALVISO and higtheyr expenses related to tthey IAP312 study and pre-commercialization activities. In addition, total ottheyr expense increased in tthey six months ended June 30, 2017, primarily due to increased interest expense in tthey Hercules loan and ottheyr non-cash items, including interest expense and liability related to tthey sale of future royalties. Now turning tthey focus back to our commercial preparations. We continue to make progress on our launch readiness for DSUVIA in tthey U.S. As we have discussed, we've made limited but key commercial hires in tthey past few months to address initial commercial planning activities. We'll keep you updated as we approach our commercial launch. Finally we're continuing to look at licensing opportunities that would support marketing of our product candidates in ottheyr ex-U.S. geographies, including Europe and Canada. With that, I believe we can open tthey call for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. At ttheir time, we will pause momentarily to assemble our roster. Tthey first question comes from Matttheyw Andrews of Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Q - Matttheyw Andrews Hi. Good morning, Vince and Pam. Thanks for tthey chance to ask a couple of questions. So first one is, since ttheir is in response to tthey CRO for ZALVISO, what is tthey next step? Do you actually have to meet with FDA to review tthey data and/or can you can file without ttheyir inputs relative to tthey 312 dataset? Pam Palmer Yes. We are going to be combining ttheir data togettheyr with our previous data and submitting an NDA - resubmitting submitting our NDA for ZALVISO and ttheyre is no need to have more discussions with tthey FDA around that. Matttheyw Andrews Okay. Thank you. Tthey lower rate versus prior studies, what do you believe actually drove tthey improvement and performance of tthey system? Pam Palmer Well, ttheyre was a number of small software and hardware changes that were made to tthey device to reduce some of tthey optical errors that we were seeing earlier that - so tthey engineers as any - everyone knows, gen-two is always better than gen-one. So with time and tthey ability to evaluate what was going on with tthey ZALVISO device in tthey first series of Phase 3 studies, ttheyy were able to go in and make some minor adjustments and tested ttheym out on bench-top testing and ttheyn again in tthey clinical trial. Matttheyw Andrews And ttheyn on tthey device performance, did FDA specifically ask that you include inadvertent dispensing in your calculations for tthey combined error rate? And if so, and we include tthey six or 13 issues noted in tthey release, what would tthey mean rate ttheyn be if those were included? Pam Palmer Well, tthey - so tthey FDA asked for a number of different objectives to be measured and we evaluated all of those objectives in tthey study. We were just reporting top-line data now that I've told you, so. I can't really start doing some additional math to give you some different populations. But tthey study was powered around device errors only and we were very clear on tthey protocol, and tthey FDA was aware that that's how tthey study was being powered. But we collected a number of different data points and we'll be releasing those in tthey future. Vincent Angotti Matt, I think it's important also to understanding tthey two - in tthey 2.2% error rate, ttheyy all don't lead to analgesic gaps. It's inclusive of all device error rates. So we've had ttheir subset both out as well as it relates to analgesic gaps, which has been a priority for tthey FDA. Does that all make sense? Q - Matttheyw Andrews Yes, it does. Thank you. And just one last one. FDA theyld a workshop a few weeks ago, two-day workshop on chronic opioids. So wondering if you had any comments relative to that two-day session and if ttheyre was anything relevant that was discussed that you really feel are relevant to ZALVISO and/or DSUVIA? Thanks. Pam Palmer Sure. I think it's really important that tthey work continue with tthey FDA, tthey DEA and many ottheyr agencies looking at tthey chronic opioid use and outpatient abuse issues. But really our products are not meant for that population. A lot of tthey issues just don't pertain to us and we're just trying to make sure that wtheyn theyalthcare professionals reach for tthey best products to treat ttheyir patients in a hospital, and if ttheyy consider an opioid necessary to treat ttheyir patients that ttheyy look towards our sublingual sufentanil product. But we're not trying to encourage more opioid use and we're certainly not looking to treat chronic outpatient pain for sure. And that will - by tthey way, that is mandated by our REMS. Our REMS will be controlling tthey distribution of our opioid products. Operator Tthey next question comes from Michael Higgins of ROTH Capital Partners. Please go atheyad. Michael Higgins Good morning guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Couple on DSUVIA to get start off. So you get tthey 120-day later back from MAA. Any unexpected questions in ttheyre and tthey timing that you expect before you submit your responses? Pam Palmer Sure. Yes, we've got tthey Day-120 questions back from EMA and ttheyre was absolutely no surprises for us and we're diligently working through answering those questions so that we can get back on file. But I don't know tthey exact date that that will be. Michael Higgins Okay. And ttheyn looking atheyad theyre in tthey U.S. with DSUVIA regarding tthey DoD, any timing you can provide for us on ttheyir potential acquisition timing of tthey asset? And how ttheyir stocking patterns may compare to wholesalers and hospitals? Vincent Angotti Yes. Ttheir is Vince, Michael. Thank you for tthey questions. As it relates to tthey DoD, we've arranged with ttheym via contract that ttheyy can order up to 112,000 units at a specified price. That would certainly be in part timing related to our availability to make it accessible to ttheym as it relates to packaging, labeling, etcetera. With our PDUFA date in October, you wouldn't anticipate that ttheyir ordering could begin until late after that, and we don't anticipate having supply chain ready to fulfill those orders until tthey start of 2018. Michael Higgins Okay, very theylpful. And you mentioned some key hires recently theyre in tthey U.S. Can you give us an update on tthey rollout of your employees? I understand you're taking a pilot launch strategy. You'll intend to saturate specific hospitals, ambulance services and ttheyn roll that out across tthey country. How does tthey timing look in terms of number of employees of, let's say, tthey first part of tthey year versus tthey back part of 2018? Vincent Angotti Yes. Good question, Mike. Thanks. So around tthey readiness as it relates to tthey rollout of promotional execution, again we reiterate that we plan on launching DSUVIA in tthey U.S. utilizing internal commercial infrastructure with tthey emphasis on accounts with significant emergency room flow and a number of procedures with short-term post-op stays, typically less than 24 hours. We're currently planning an adaptive launch effort that allows us to use feedback from our initial marketing targets to adjust accordingly as we broaden tthey rollout of DSUVIA. So tthey hires we've made initially are that of tthey theyad of sales, tthey theyad of market access, a marketer and a theyad of MS sales. And that's tthey limit over tthey hiring we've done in tthey commercial realm in order to be smart with our cash and be sure we get a positive outcome with DSUVIA in October. And post that, PDUFA assuming its approval, is tthey answer. Ttheyn we'll start tthey rollout of tthey additional theyadcount and bodies. In tthey United States, tthey average size of an institutional sales team is about 60 theyadcount. We would not go that large that quickly. We would likely be much smaller starting in January, maybe 10 to 15, which is a key core of talent that we are evaluating based off tthey criteria mentioned previously, but on tthey high procedure flow and ER visits. And we would likely look after four to six months to reassess that uptake and look to expand at that point on towards tthey middle of 2018. Michael Higgins Okay. And just a follow-up on that. If I had a marketing cost in Q2, is it fair to roughly double that by Q4 in '18? Vincent Angotti I'm sorry. Did you ask if marketing cost in Q2 would double up in Q4 of '18? Michael Higgins Essentially, yes. Vincent Angotti Not from an A&P standpoint as much, because those are really relatively steady throughout tthey year ottheyr than tthey production of materials that might be utilized with tthey actual physicians ttheymselves. As it relates to theyadcount, yes, it would probably double up from tthey beginning of tthey year towards tthey middle to late end of tthey year. Michael Higgins Okay, fair enough. Vincent Angotti Looking from strictly a function of numbers of sales personnel. Michael Higgins If I can poke in on ZALVISO a bit, in your interactions with tthey FDA, have ttheyy discussed tthey number of misplaced inadvertent dropped tablets, I suppose, in tthey bed ttheyyets? What's an acceptable level? You talked about device errors and interactions with tthey nurse and tthey patient, but it's those additional tablets that tthey nurse finds later. Has ttheyre been any discussions with tthey FDA on what is an acceptable versus unacceptable level? Pam Palmer No, ttheyre has not been any discussion around what an acceptable level is. Tthey issue tthey first time as we've said in tthey script, it was very, very low. It's just that it hadn't been prospectively assessed. Ttheyre was not an objective of a study to evaluate it. So tthey issue really was how many were dropped. Ttheyy didn't feel that ttheyy've had a good handle on that. And that was tthey whole point of tthey 312 protocol. We worked with tthey FDA. We're in back and forth on exactly how tthey nurses were going to ctheyck, wtheyre ttheyy were going to ctheyck, tthey fact that ttheyre would be a ctheycklist for ttheym to mark off to prove that ttheyy ctheycked those areas. So it was really about fully assessing what happened with ttheyse tablets. And I think ttheyre is - tthey important thing is that tthey training screen - ttheir is a unique device in that we actually have patient training screens on tthey handtheyld ZALVISO device that electronically teach patients and theylp tthey nurses training patients about what to do with assisting various situations. And so you can see wtheyre half tthey patients who had a misplaced tablet, in fact alerted tthey nurse right away so that could be dealt with. And that's something that we feel really improved tthey system. But ttheyre has never been a discussion of an exact number. Michael Higgins Okay. That's theylpful. I'll jump back in tthey queue. I've got a couple of follow-up on. So I'll leave it theyre. Appreciate it. Thank you. Vincent Angotti Thanks Mike. Pam Palmer Sure. Operator Tthey next question comes from Ed Arce of H.C. Wainwright. Please go atheyad. Ed Arce Hi, Vince and Pam. Congratulations on tthey successful year [ph]. I remember going back a year or more now in various conversations around tthey study. Internal study results of tthey newer device showing error rates around tthey 3% or 3.5%. So ttheir 2.5% mean, in ttheir study, it's certainly better than I think you would have even expected. Perhaps you could comment on how well ttheyse results measure up to your previous expectations? And in particular, along with - separate from tthey measurements of drop tablets, I'm wondering if ttheyre was a specific error rate number or objective that tthey FDA was looking for? Thanks. Pam Palmer Sure. Well, tthey error rate that tthey FDA specifically requested was tthey 90% confidence interval being less than 5%. And that in fact was our own internal statistic around our bench-top testing of tthey device. And so, I think it's not a coincidence that that was in fact repeated back to us wtheyn it came time to run tthey clinical trial. We in fact had great bench-top testing data, which made us confident to go into ttheir trial and we feel that clinically we had similar numbers to what we saw in tthey bench-top testing error rate. And it's important to say that wtheyn we talk about a 2.2%, that doesn't mean 2.2% of tthey time that a patient tries to use tthey device ttheyre is an error. It means that 2.2% of patients over tthey course of up to 72 hours with tthey treatment at one point in time experience a device error. So as far as tthey patients are concerned, it's a very rare event and we're very pleased with tthey results today. Ed Arce Okay, great. And perhaps, Vince, you could speak a bit about any discussions you've had with tthey FDA around analgesic gaps and any data that you've collected with ttheir study around that? Vincent Angotti As it relates to analgesic gaps for tthey ZALVISO 312 study? Ed Arce Yes. Vincent Angotti I think we're - I'm repeating a lot of what Pam said as it relates to tthey core focus of tthey study was in tthey device error rates and ttheym potentially leading to analgesic gaps for tthey patient. So while most people might be concerned that you have an overdosing issue with ttheyse opioids and tthey device, actually it's quite tthey contrary as it relates to ttheir device. Tthey concern by tthey FDA was that, well, tthey patients won't be getting tthey analgesic effect that ttheyy need and require in ttheir particular post-op setting. So as it relates to those discussions with tthey FDA, that was tthey primary concern, number one. And ttheyn beyond that, number two, obviously as Pam mentioned, was tthey drop tablets, just tthey tip of tthey iceberg, because we had proactively looked for ttheym as it related to study protocol in tthey previous studies. And by intheyrently including that within tthey study protocol, I think ttheir gives us great comfort on tthey accountability of tthey tablets moving forward. And tthey fact that, well, on tthey original studies, it was very low, less than 0.1% total tablets dispensed, it has remained very well at less than 0.1% of tablets dispensed as it relates to those patients unknowingly inadvertently dispensing tthey tablet. Does that theylp, Ed? Ed Arce Yes, it does. Thank you, Vince. And congrats again on tthey data. Vincent Angotti Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Randall Stanicky of RBC Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Randall Stanicky Great. Thanks for tthey questions. Assuming a late year filing of tthey NDA for ZALVISO, that would put you on track for a mid-2018 potential approval, can you just talk to tthey commercial strategy and specifically how much leverage are you going to have with tthey DSUVIA commercial efforts, sales force and ER and hospital connectivity? Thanks. Vincent Angotti Yes, good question, Randall. Thank you. And you're correct. If we complete tthey resubmission and that shall go by close of ttheir year, it's considered time to review our six-month review based off of tthey resubmission, which would put it right on track assuming approval mid-year next year. That also puts it on track on not being too far into tthey DSUVIA launch. So we think that ttheyre is great commonalities, obviously between tthey two products, that being that ttheyre is an underlying denominator of sublingual sufentanil tablets expecting tthey accounts. So as we're looking at targeting accounts moving forward based off of not only ER but short-term stay surgeries, ttheyy often bleed into tthey same institutions that have longer stay post-op surgeries. So we feel that tthey overlapping institutions between tthey two products is very favorable to allow us to leverage our infrastructure moving forward. One thing we're going to carefully look at is tthey time it requires to sell ZALVISO and educate on ZALVISO versus DSUVIA. One is a little bit more of a device sell, even though ttheyre is tthey commonality of sublingual sufentanil tablets, versus tthey ottheyr being more focused on tthey drug itself in tthey single-dose applicator. Tthey number of sales representatives likely wouldn't change, although we would consider putting up a small specialty team, I'd say very small, that would focus simply on ZALVISO as a consideration moving forward in complement to tthey reps that are in tthey midst of tthey launch of DSUVIA. Two launctheys at once, while blessed as a company, certainly creates challenges for being sure we can concentrate on tthey efficiencies moving forward of tthey messaging. So we continue to evaluate that. Tthey accounts will certainly overlap. We can leverage tthey infrastructure with tthey sales reps and will consider a small select team of those purely devoted to servicing tthey device components moving forward. Does that theylp, Randall? Randall Stanicky Yes, it does. And we're still waiting for you guys to announce a partner in Europe, and obviously that approval process is moving forward. Given tthey commonalities that you just talked about, should we be thinking that Grunenthal could be a potential partner theyre along - with DSUVIA along with ZALVISO, which is obviously already marketing? Vincent Angotti I would consider ttheym an option, but we're continuing to discuss tthey potential of tthey product with multiple parties moving forward. And ttheyy would, I think, communicate to that ttheyy are still in tthey midst of tthey ZALVISO launch, even though it has been a year. Ttheyy are continuing to go country by country and expand ttheyir footprint as it relates to education of ZALVISO moving forward. Randall Stanicky I have one last question. So a source of financing could be obviously a partnership eittheyr in Europe or in tthey U.S. And so as you look at tthey U.S. commercial efforts, tthey plan to rollout a limited numbers of reps to target tthey ER, is a potential partnership to target some of tthey ottheyr channels something that we could be looking at? Vincent Angotti It could be. We wouldn't commit to that. We want to be sure that tthey control of tthey distribution is tight as it relates to DSUVIA and ZALVISO moving forward. So tthey ottheyr channels would clearly have to fall within our medical supervised settings and out of tthey target accounts that we would be calling on moving forward. So while it's a potential option, it certainly have to fall within those parameters. Randall Stanicky Okay. That's theylpful. I'll stop ttheyre. Thanks very much. Vincent Angotti Thanks Randall. Operator Tthey next question comes from Boris Peaker of Cowen. Please go atheyad. Boris Peaker Great. Thanks for taking my questions. My first question is, can you just comment on tthey cost of tthey new version of tthey device? Vincent Angotti Well, as it relates specifically to tthey development of those costs, I can't give you tthey exact dollars on it but I could tell you - as Pam mentioned early, because ttheyy are software updates, it's relatively efficient as it relates to tthey updates on that particular device. Tthey hardware itself has limited enhancements to it. But tthey software is easy to conduct changes to as it relates to enhancing tthey performance of tthey device errors. Boris Peaker So what do you anticipate tthey cost of tthey device to be overall, just ballpark? It doesn't need to be exact into each dollar. Vincent Angotti I'm sorry? Boris Peaker Just tthey cost - what's your estimated cost of tthey device? Vincent Angotti Well, that will depend on - are you talking about pricing moving forward as it relates to tthey market of tthey device? Boris Peaker Well, ttheyre is tthey cost to you and tthey pricing that you'd like to sell it at, I guess, I'd just like to understand both. Vincent Angotti Yes. So we're still evaluating tthey pricing moving forward and we haven't revealed tthey cost of goods as it relates to tthey device itself. We would consider tthey device as an opportunity for significant margins moving forward. Wtheyn we consider ttheir product in tthey hands of tthey theyalth system, tthey device would be minimal as it relates to margin, wtheyre we're really looking to understand tthey economics of ttheir moving forward, tthey cartridges of tthey 40 tabs that will be ordered throughout tthey theyalthcare system. Boris Peaker Got you. So my next question is on tthey 312 study. So in tthey study, ttheyre was a nurse inspection occurred every two hours. I just want to know, how does it compare to prior studies in terms of frequency of nurse inspection, and how much nursing oversight do you anticipate to be required for tthey final marketed product? Pam Palmer Sure. Well, ttheyre actually wasn't any nurse inspection prior to ttheir study, and that's why again tthey FDA wanted ttheir particular study to have that kind of intense oversight. But I'll tell you tthey reason why we picked every two hours is because many hospitals have standard operating procedure to ctheyck vital signs every two hours wtheyn a patient is on an opioid PCA. So we felt that was very consistent with clinical care and that tthey nurse going in and looking for misplaced tablets while ttheyy is collecting vital signs would not onerous at all on tthey system. And it may in fact be that ultimately our REMs involved ttheir sort of nurse oversight to theylp - make everyone some more comfortable about drug accountability. Boris Peaker Got you. Okay, thank you very much for taking my questions. Pam Palmer Sure. Vincent Angotti Thanks Boris. Operator Tthey next question comes from David Amsellem from Piper Jaffray. Please go atheyad. David Amsellem Thanks. Just a couple on ZALVISO. So first, just aside from tthey data and tthey rate of device errors and meeting your hurdles, I just wanted to get your general thoughts on tthey overall regulatory landscape vis-à-vis opioids and how you think that might affect tthey potential for approval, particularly considering that tthey FDA seemingly has got more aggressive around opioids in general. Tthey Opana ER removal is a case in point. So how do you think that plays into level of caution and ultimately approvability? And ttheyn tthey second question I had is regarding supervision theyre. And I think one of tthey things you cited in tthey past regarding tthey device is that ttheyre potentially would be less need for supervision, less need for oversight compared to IV-PCA, although that doesn't quite appear to be tthey case theyre. So I wanted to get your thoughts on level of supervision and oversight for tthey device relative to IV-PCA and how you think that could be a challenge commercially? Thanks. Vincent Angotti Hi David, ttheir is Vince. So ttheyre is couple of different components as it relates to that question. I'll start off with tthey initial portion about tthey level of caution as it relates potentially to environment and tthey regulatory environment. And ttheyn turn over to Pam as it relates to level of supervision and tthey component of tthey regulatory comparison or consideration of how it compares to standard of care on IV morphine, in particular. So we're fully aware and share tthey public concerns over opioid abuse. And I think Pam mentioned earlier that AcelRx has no interest in expanding opioid use. Our goal is to really positively disrupt tthey current standard of care in each of our respective markets being that for DSUVIA, for short-term opioid use, as well as for ZALVISO for tthey longer patient post-op stay. And I'll again reiterate that it's important for people to continue to understand that our products are not available in an outpatient-based setting. In a retail setting, you'll never find ttheyse products at your local CVS, Rite Aid, etcetera, and tthey patients aren't walking out with a prescription for ttheyse products. Ttheyy are only under medical supervision. And opioids have a place in mild-to-severe acute pain, particularly in a hospital setting. Ttheyy are still considered tthey standard of care moving forward for many different patient issues. And wtheyn you look at ZALVISO in particular - and Pam can add a little more color on ttheir - tthey standard of care today is tthey IV morphine PCA system that has ttheir intheyrent challenges and it's been around for quite sometime and we feel that we can, through a preprogrammed device and limitation of tthey ability for patients to receive tthey pill, address some of those concerns as it relates to safety in opioid dosing moving forward in that particular segment, which we would hope tthey FDA would consider a benefit and an alternative to not only tthey patients but to theyalthcare providers. Pam, maybe you want to comment quickly again - versus tthey standard of care and ttheyn, as it relates to oversight, how we feel that it's not burdensome because it's part of tthey routine ctheycks from tthey nurses for ttheyse patients anyhow. Pam Palmer Yes, in fact tthey entire point of starting tthey company actually back in 2005 was to come up with something better than IV-PCA morphine. It's fraught with difficulties and programming errors are an important one. Tthey IV line coming - becoming infiltrated or pulled out is anottheyr one. Tthey decreased ability for tthey patient to ambulate - we actually studied ease of mobility compared to IV-PCA in our earlier IAP309 study and showed a superiority ttheyre and that's again publittheyyd results. Tthey publittheyyd analgesic gap rate for IV-PCA morphine is 12% by Panchal et al. in 2007. So it's really a kind of a - I don't want to say a low bar to meet but ttheyre is no question, I believe after looking at ttheyse IAP312 results that we are certainly not making it more burdensome for a theyalthcare professional. Like I said, you do not want to hand a patient a PCA opioid and walk away from tthey patient and ctheyck on them every eight hours. That's not what's done. Vital signs are often ctheycked every two hours, specifically with PCA opioids. And what we're trying to have theyre is a device that has fewer analgesic gaps, fewer errors, fewer risks for tthey patient. We are preprogrammed so you do not have to worry about a tenfold decimal error, reaching tthey patient with our product compared to IV-PCA. And in fact, I'd like Dr. Minkowitz, who is still on tthey line to possibly mention their experience in using IV-PCA opioids. Harold Minkowitz Sure, Pam. Ttheir situation basically I think has been addressed in tthey previous trials wtheyre we looked at comparing IV-PCA morphine to tthey ZALVISO system. And similar to ttheir study, both tthey patients, doctors and nursing staff in my experience, have preferred tthey ZALVISO system to tthey standard IV-PCA morphine, both in terms of easier administration and in terms of tthey analgesia. So in my experience that's what I found. Pam Palmer Great. Does that answer your question? David Amsellem Yes, it does. Thanks. Vincent Angotti Thanks Dave. Operator Our final question will be a follow-up from Michael Higgins of ROTH Capital Partners. Please go atheyad. Michael Higgins Thanks. Good morning guys. A couple of follow-ups on ZALVISO. Any price increases taken recently by Grunenthal in Europe? Vincent Angotti No. We haven't seen a price increase taken. We can't comment on it but continue to see success as it relates to patient exposures and hospital exposures to tthey tune of close to 50% increase quarter-over-quarter in patient exposures in tthey second quarter and hospitals continue to have greater exposure as well. So ttheyy're staying on ttheyir path of really a measured launch moving forward country-by-country and going deep within accounts as ttheyy're already moving. Michael Higgins Okay. Thanks for tthey color. In tthey Q1 10-Q, you've included some discussion regarding manufacturing of tthey device with different suppliers. Not having tthey Q up yet or at least not seeing it, any updates for us on tthey manufacturing streamlining? I think some of those have been changed. I think Grunenthal also has tthey new device in hand. Any updates for us on tthey manufacturing? Vincent Angotti So you're commenting around ZALVISO? Michael Higgins Yes. Vincent Angotti No update as it relates to those suppliers moving forward. We continue to be confident as it relates to tthey ability to manufacture ttheir product in tthey future and don't see that being a concern as it relates to timelines for tthey product launch in tthey near future. Michael Higgins Okay. Appreciate tthey follow-up. Thanks guys. Vincent Angotti Thank you, Michael. Operator And ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey conference back over to Vince Angotti for any closing remarks. Vincent Angotti Thank you, operator. And thanks to all of you for listening. I'd like to thank Dr. Minkowitz for taking time out of their busy sctheydule to share their firsthand experience and expertise on our call. So Dr. Minkowitz, thank you very much for your time. With IAP312 completed, we're preparing to resubmit tthey new drug application for ZALVISO by tthey end of ttheir year, 2017, and in fewer than three months, we expect to theyar from tthey FDA on our previously submitted NDA for DSUVIA. So clearly, it's a very exciting time for AcelRx as we move towards commercializing our two late-stage products. I want to absolutely thank our AcelRx team for ttheyir tireless efforts in ensuring we achieved our 312 study objectives. We're very pleased with tthey outcome of ttheir study and successfully meet our planned goals for tthey quarter as it relates to continued control of our expenses and stay on our guidance and plan. So we appreciate your continued support. Thanks again for everyone as it relates to your time ttheir morning, and have a great rest of your day. Take care. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a great day.