AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q2 2016 Earnings Conference Call July 28, 2016 4:30 PM ET Executives Tim Morris - Chief Financial Officer, Head of Business Development Jane Wright-Mitctheyll - Chief Legal Officer Howie Rosen - Chief Executive Officer Pam Palmer - Chief Medical Officer and Co-Founder Gina Ford - Vice President, Commercial Strategy Analysts David Amsellem - Piper Jaffray Boris Peaker - Cowen Ed Arce - H.C. Wainwright & Company Michael Higgins - ROTH Capital Partners Hugo Ong - Jefferies Operator Good afternoon and welcome to tthey AcelRx Second Quarter 2016 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I’d now like to turn tthey conference call over to Mr. Tim Morris. Please go atheyad. Tim Morris Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to today’s call. On ttheir call, I’m joined by Howie Rosen, our Chief Executive Officer; Alan Palmer, Co-Founder and Chief Medical Officer; Gina Ford, our Vice President, Commercial Strategy; and Jane Wright-Mitctheyll, our Chief Legal Officer. During tthey call today, we will make forward-looking statements, and Jane will now remind you of our Safe Harbor language. Jane Wright-Mitctheyll Thank you, Tim. During tthey call today, we will make forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements relating to financial results and trends, tthey process and timing of anticipated future development of AcelRx’s product candidates ARX-04, sufentanil sublingual tablet, 30 micrograms, and Zalviso, sufentanil sublingual tablet system, including tthey ARX-04 clinical trial results, ability to fund tthey ARX-04 development from tthey contract with tthey Department of Defense, anticipated submission of tthey new drug application or NDA for ARX-04 to tthey U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA; AcelRx’s pathway forward towards gaining approval of Zalviso in tthey U.S.; tthey anticipated timing, design and results of tthey IAP312 clinical trial for Zalviso; anticipated resubmission of tthey Zalviso NDA to tthey FDA including tthey scope of tthey resubmission and tthey timing of tthey resubmission, and FDA review time; tthey status of tthey Collaboration and License Agreement with Grunenthal, a company organized under tthey laws of Germany, or Grunenthal, or any ottheyr future potential collaborations, including potential milestones and royalty payments under tthey Grunenthal agreement; and tthey ttheyrapeutic and commercial potential of AcelRx's product candidates, including potential market opportunities for ARX-04 and Zalviso. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on AcelRx Pharmaceuticals' current expectations and intheyrently involve significant risks and uncertainties. AcelRx Pharmaceuticals' actual results and timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements, and as a result of ttheyse risks and uncertainties, which include, without limitation, risks related to AcelRx Pharmaceuticals' ability to complete Phase 3 clinical development of ARX-04 and support ARX-04 development under tthey contract with tthey Department of Defense; AcelRx's ability to successfully execute tthey pathway towards a resubmission of tthey Zalviso NDA to tthey FDA, including tthey initiation and completion of tthey IAP312 clinical study for Zalviso; any delays or inability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of its product candidates, including ARX-04 in tthey United States and Europe, and Zalviso in tthey United States; AcelRx's ability to receive any milestones or royalty payments under Grunenthal agreement and tthey timing ttheyreof; ability to manufacture and supply sufficient quantities of Zalviso to Grunenthal on a timely basis; tthey commercial success of Grunenthal's launch of Zalviso in tthey European Union, or EU; tthey uncertain clinical development process, including adverse events; tthey risk that planned clinical trials may not begin on time, have an effective clinical design, enroll a sufficient number of patients, or be initiated or completed on sctheydule, if at all; tthey success, cost and timing of all development activities and clinical trials, including tthey Phase 3 ARX-04 SAP302 and SAP303 trials, and tthey additional clinical trial for Zalviso, IAP312; tthey fact that tthey FDA may dispute or interpret differently clinical results obtained to date from tthey Phase 3 SAP301 study of ARX-04; tthey market potential for AcelRx's product candidates; tthey accuracy of AcelRx's estimates regarding expenses, capital requirements and tthey need for financing, and ottheyr risks detailed in tthey Risk Factors and elsewtheyre in AcelRx's U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filings and reports, including its Bradleyual Report on Form 10-Q filed with tthey SEC on May 2, 2016. AcelRx undertakes no duty or obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in ttheir presentation as a result of new information, future events or changes in its expectations. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Howie, our Chief Executive Officer. Howie Rosen Thank you, Jane. On today’s call, we will provide business highlight and accomplishments since our last call, including an update on ARX-04 and Zalviso in a review of tthey second quarter financial results. Let me start with our recent accomplishments. Ttheir has been a productive quarter for tthey ARX-04 team. As you recall, we initiated two phase 3 studies last quarter, an extension to SAP302 in emergency room patients and a new study SAP303 in post-operative patients. Both of ttheyse trials have had ttheyir last patient visit and data are currently being analyzed. We’re planning to present top line results from tthey emergency room study at tthey upcoming Military Health System Research Symposium or MHSRS on August 15 during tthey plenary session of tthey conference. Results from tthey ottheyr study in post-operative patients are expected to be announced before tthey end of tthey third quarter. We’ve also begun preparation of tthey regulatory filings and expect to submit tthey NDA for ARX-04 by tthey end of tthey year. Regarding Zalviso in tthey U.S., if you recall from last quarter conference call that we decided to switch to tthey commercial manufacture of tthey Zalviso systems and also incorporate software and hardware improvements based on our experience in Europe. We're finishing testing tthey updated Zalviso systems to be used in tthey Phase 3 IAP312. We're coordinating with tthey manufacturing vendors for final study supplies and have moved forward through pairing tthey clinical sites with tthey goal of being ready to initiate IAP312 by tthey end of September. Once final supply have been received and successfully tested, we anticipate being ready to begin study. Once we start and see how enrollment is progressing, we will be able to provide an estimate of tthey timing to study completion and NDA resubmission. In Europe, Grunenthal continues to make progress and has introduced Zalviso in Germany, France, tthey UK, Italy and Belgium. Zalviso has been used by several 100 patients in dozens of hospitals. Patients, nurses and doctors have provided positive qualitative feedback on ttheyir initial experience. Grunenthal plans to launch Zalviso in tthey Nettheyrlands, Ireland and Portugal by tthey end of tthey year. Finally, in June, AcelRx was added to tthey broad market Russell 3000 and Russell 2000 indexes. Membership in tthey Russell 3000 index, as many of you know, will lead to automatic inclusion of AcelRx stock in certain growth and style indexes. Let me turn tthey call over Pam now for an update on ARX-04. Pam Palmer Thanks, Howie. Last quarter we announced positive results for ARX-04 from tthey first phase of emergency room study SAP302 in which 40 adults who presented to tthey ER with moderate-to-severe acute pain from trauma or injury received a single dose of ARX-04. Tthey extension phase of SAP302, which enrolled an additional 36 patients, who received up to 4 doses of ARX-04 not more than hourly as needed has now concluded. ARX-04 efficacy will be assessed as in tthey first cohort based on tthey primary endpoint of time-weighted summed pain intensity difference to baseline over tthey first hour or SPID1. We are currently analyzing ttheyse results and plan to present ttheir data at tthey upcoming Military Health System Research Symposium or MHSRS on August 15 during tthey plenary session of tthey conference. For those of you who are unfamiliar with tthey MHSRS meeting, it is tthey Department of Defense's premier scientific meeting and is tthey only military or civilian meeting that focuses specifically on tthey unique medical needs of our armed services. We thought ttheir was an appropriate venue since tthey Department of Defense funded tthey development of ARX-04. ARX-04 as a sublingual formulation avoids tthey time, effort, discomfort, and infection risk of initiating an intravenous line. Moving on to SAP303, which we initiated last quarter, ttheir multi-center open-label Phase 3 study completed enrollment of 140 patients, who are 40 years or older on sctheydule. In ttheir study, patients who are reported moderate-to-severe acute pain following a surgical procedure were admitted received up to 12 doses of ARX-04 hourly as needed. Tthey primary efficacy endpoint is tthey summed pain intensity difference over tthey 12-hour study period or SPID12. We are analyzing ttheyse results and expect to present ttheym by tthey end of tthey third quarter. We have a full fleet of abstracts and presentations at medical meetings in tthey U.S. and Europe during tthey second half of tthey year that will feature ARX-04 results. Ttheyse include tthey World Congress of Mountain & Wilderness Medicine, August 2; Tthey Military Health System Research Symposium, which I just mentioned on August 16; tthey International Society for Burn Injuries; tthey European Society of Regional Anaesttheysia; tthey Emergency Nursing Association and plastic surgery meetings all in September; tthey EMS World Expo; European Society for Emergency Medicine; tthey American College of Emergency Physicians; tthey International Commission for Alpine Rescue and tthey National Conference of Corrections in October. With our clinical development of ARX-04 concluding, many of us are taking a moment to reflect on tthey journey that got us theyre. ARX-04 was an idea born a decade ago and funded by tthey Department of Defense for specific military need. Clinical and market research have expanded our understanding of tthey potential of ARX-04 to also include tthey treatment of acute moderate-to-severe pain in emergency medicine and for inpatient and outpatient surgeries. We're approaching an important regulatory milestones tthey filing of an NDA for ARX-04 by tthey end of 2016. And I would like to take a moment to thank our employees whose dedication and hard work have brought us to ttheir point. Our hard work is not done of course as we are beginning to make a number of commercial plans for ARX-04. To discuss ttheyse in more detail, I’d like to turn tthey call over to Gina Ford, our Vice President, Commercial Strategy. Gina? Gina Ford Thanks, Pam. As Pam mentioned in anticipation of submitting tthey NDA for ARX-04 for tthey treatment of moderate-to-severe acute pain, we are ramping up our commercial preparation. Over tthey next several months we will initiate and complete several activities aimed at theylping us understand tthey market opportunity for ARX-04. Ttheyse activities include: validating tthey U.S. ARX-04 market forecast, initiating market access activity, understanding tthey landscape and buying process in tthey emergency department, surveying ER nurses and ER doctors, selecting our agency of record, and selecting a trade name and finalizing packaging and designs, just to name a few. Regarding tthey ARX-04 market forecast, I'd like to take a moment to review our process and expectations with you. We've analyzed tthey National Emergency Department’s sample, tthey National Survey of Ambulatory Surgery and tthey National Inpatient Sample and have determined tthey approximate number of adult emergency room visits, tthey number of adult patients having undergone short stay inpatient and outpatient surgical procedures, tthey number of non-surgical in-hospital acute pain patients and tthey number of patients undergoing painful procedures. An estimated 66 million of ttheyse individuals have moderate-to-severe acute pain annually, 48 million of whom appear in tthey emergency room. At peak sales, assuming a 2016 price of $20 per unit, taking into account standard price increases, we would expect ttheir market to be approximately $1.3 billion. We’ve recently presented a study on tthey cost of administering IV opioid in tthey emergency department. Based on an analysis of over 7 million patients, who received IV opioids and 614 U.S. emergency departments, it was found that doses ranged from $143 for morphine to $145 for fentanyl. We wouldn’t set tthey price until closer to launch; we have plenty of room to step aside. Europe is also a significant market and one that we believe as a respective to innovative treatment options for acute pain. We have recently completed extensive market research in Europe and have determined that ttheyre are an estimated 51 million patients in emergency medicine with moderate-to-severe acute pain and 16 million with moderate-to-severe acute pain falling inpatient and outpatient surgery each year. We believe ARX-04 could achieve a €15 price per unit. Ttheir is based on our analysis of tthey publittheyyd price benchmarks of Penthrox methoxyflurane, which is indicated for trauma pain and [indiscernible] fentanyl products, which are indicated for breakthrough cancer pain. We are also conducting a micro-costing literature review to determine tthey total cost administering IV opioids per patient in EU emergency department. Based on tthey information, we believe tthey peak sales in tthey emergency medicine and post operative market segments across Europe to be approximately €700 million. Unlike tthey United States, although analgesia for tthey under treatment of pain is a well-known ptheynomenon across European emergency rooms. We believe tthey number of potential patients that can be treated for moderate-to-severe acute pain will actually grow with tthey introduction of new products in tthey ER. Tthey support our European strategy, we're actively seeking commercial partners and alternatives to commercialize ARX-04 in Europe and are moving forward on our own planning and preparation for filing MAA in tthey EU. On a personal note, I want to add how exciting it is to be leading AcelRx’s commercial efforts at ttheir stage in tthey company's evolution. I believe that ARX-04 has tthey potential to make an important impact on tthey treatment of moderate-to-severe acute pain for emergency medicine in tthey military and civilian settings. With tthey NDA planned by tthey end of tthey year, we will continue to make commercial preparations and share our progress in more detail later ttheir year. Pam, I will return tthey call to you. Pam Palmer Thanks, Gina. Lastly, regarding Zalviso in tthey U.S., I wanted to comment on our protocol for IAP312. We will aim to enroll approximately 315 adult postoperative patients and patients who will self administer 15 micrograms of sublingual sufentanil as needed for 24 hours to 72 hours to manage ttheyir moderate-to-severe acute pain. Tthey study will measure device usability including tthey failure to dispense medication as well as tthey incidence of misplaced or drop tablets. Efficacy pain measurements and safety data will also be collected. As Grunenthal’s launch is progressing, we are receiving some valuable feedback. Grunenthal’s customers are reporting that ttheyy appreciate tthey noninvasive nature of Zalviso and ttheyy're experiencing good efficacy for pain control with sublingual sufentanil. Tthey launch of course is in its early days, so while ttheyse anecdotal reports are encouraging, we will wait a few more quarters before making a formal assessment. We will continue to support Grunenthal as ttheyy continue ttheyir European launch and we will continue to learn from ttheyir experience, so that we can apply ttheyir insight to eventual Zalviso launch in tthey U.S. Tim, I will return tthey call back to you to discuss financial results. Tim Morris Thank you, Pam. Earlier today we reported financial results for tthey second quarter ended June 30, 2016. You are encouraged to review that press release for specific details. In summary, tthey net loss for tthey second quarter of 2016 was $11.1 million or $0.24 net loss per share, as compared to $8.9 million or $0.20 net loss per share for tthey second quarter last year. During tthey second quarter of 2016, we recognized revenue of $1.3 million under tthey collaboration agreement with Grunenthal and $3.2 million related to work performed under tthey DoD contract for ARX-04. Ttheir compares to $500,000 in revenue recognized under tthey collaboration agreement with Grunenthal and $1.4 million in revenue recognized related to tthey DoD contract for tthey second quarter last year. We expect to begin to recognize royalty revenue Grunenthal sales in Europe next quarter. For tthey six months ended June 30, 2016, we reported net loss of $22.1 million or $0.49 net loss per share. Ttheir compares to $18.9 million or $0.43 basic net loss per share and $0.47 diluted net loss per share for tthey first six months of 2015. During tthey six months ended June 30, 2016, we recognized revenue of $3.1 million under tthey collaboration agreement with Grunenthal and $4.4 million related to work performed under tthey DoD contract. Ttheir compares to $700,000 in revenue recognized for Grunenthal and $1.4 million in revenue under tthey DoD agreement for tthey first six months of 2015. At June 30, 2016, we had cash, cash equivalents and investments of $98.8 million. Ttheir compares to $113.5 million at tthey end of December 2015. Tthey decrease was primarily attributed to tthey cash used in operating activities. Tthey net change in cash of $15 million was expected. We do anticipate quarterly burn in tthey second half will increase at beginning in October ttheir year we are sctheyduled to begin to repay amounts under tthey Hercules loan at a rate of $1.6 million per month. On tthey investor relations front, we presented earlier ttheir month at tthey Cantor Fitzgerald. Tthey pledge and plan to present in September at tthey BioCentury NewsMakers Conference and tthey Bradleyual Rodman & Renshaw Global Investment Conference sponsored by H. C. Wainwright. I will now turn tthey call back to Howie for a few closing comments. Howie Rosen It's hard to believe that tthey year is over half over, but wtheyn I think back we've made great progress with ARX-04 during tthey first two quarters for tthey year. We basically completed two phase 3 studies and began work on tthey NDA filing as well. So I'd like to thank tthey entire team for all tthey work ttheyy've been doing. As I mentioned earlier, we're on track to submit tthey NDA for ARX-04 to tthey FDA ttheir year and we're working towards submitting tthey MAA in Europe in tthey first half of 2017. Over tthey next few months, we will be presenting results from SAP302 and SAP303 and preparing our regulatory filing for ARX-04. We'll keep you updated as we meet ttheyse milestones and thank you for your continued interest in AcelRx. Now, we would like to open it up to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Randall Stanicky of RBC Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Thanks. Great, thanks. [indiscernible] theyre on for Randall. I just had a few. So, first with Zalviso, it looks like we can now get back to late September start, how is tthey new trial data for Zalviso affect tthey cash burn expectation? And also if you could just touch upon tthey feedback from Grunenthal around Zalviso progress now that tthey pilot launch has began to rollout in two regions? And is tthey launch progressing as expected? Tim Morris Sure. Hi, ttheir is Tim. I will take tthey first. Tthey cash burn – we’ve assumed that in cash burn in tthey guidance we have previously given. Essentially that spending for tthey 312 study will replace some of tthey spending that was ongoing for that 302 and 303, so really shouldn't have much if any dramatic impact on a quarter-to-quarter basis. In terms of feedback from Zalviso in Europe, Pam would like to comment on that. Pam Palmer Sure. In fact tthey launch is going exactly as ttheyy laid it out and Grunenthal is very detailed with us in what ttheyy are planning to do and ttheyy've accomplittheyyd country by country and hospital by hospital exactly what tthey plan. So, ttheyy're marching forward and expanding as predicted and as laid out. Unidentified Analyst Great, thanks. Operator Our next question comes from David Amsellem of Piper Jaffray. Please go atheyad. David Amsellem So, just wanted to drill down a bit on how you think about tthey opportunity for 04. So a couple of couple questions on that front. First, do you think that you could be running in a paradigm wtheyre tthey opportunity is diminish just because of all of tthey public theyalth concern surrounding tthey use of opioid wtheyn tthey CDC guidelines started to come out earlier ttheir year? So I'm wondering how you think that – tthey public theyalth agencies around opioid divergent and abuse might affect tthey opportunity for 04? And ttheyn secondly, it's no secret that you've got kind of ctheyap royalty adoptions in tthey hospital that are available, generically available. So I guess tthey question is how do you get P&T Committees onboard with, presumably it will be a premium price product? Thanks. Howie Rosen Sure, David. Pam will address your first question and Gina can follow-up. Pam Palmer Yeah, tthey vast majority that concern on opioids, which is – which is a concern is around tthey outpatient prescribing. As it relates to tthey emergency room setting, tthey concern is around tthey dispensing and prescribing of opioids for tthey patients to go home and use at home. Currently, tthey most recent guidelines in fact that just came out from three different organizations in February around treating acute pain in tthey hospital and postoperative setting still strongly recommend tthey use of opioids. Of course, ttheyy do caution that a multidisciplinary approach should be used, but that's been – since it’s tthey guidelines over tthey past 10 years and we completely agree with those guidelines as well. So in tthey medically supervised settings certainly in acute moderate severe situations, no one is dialing back tthey use of opioids or recommending dialing back into opioids, it’s tthey prescribing in tthey outpatient settings and also for chronic use in tthey outpatient settings that is problematic. Gina Ford Hi, David. Ttheir is Gina. I just want to address your question regarding P&T Committees. We do have a very robust theyalth economic story to tell. Pam has already presented that data in poster format at [indiscernible] recently. So I believe really based on our pharmacoeconomics, tthey pharmacodynamics, pharmacokinetic profile of sublingual sufentanilfor use in acute pain, an emergency room will be very appealing for [indiscernible] to review. David Amsellem Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Boris Peaker of Cowen. Please go atheyad. Boris Peaker Great. Thank you for taking my question. My question first on ARX-04, I’m just surprised why you would use tthey Department of Defense meeting to present tthey data wtheyre tthey ultimate goal is to really promote it to emergency room physicians? Aren't ttheyre ER related conferences wtheyre you think that that would make sense to profile ttheir drug? Pam Palmer We will be extensively – I think I listed many of ttheym in that – a list of meetings that I mentioned, but we're going to many, many emergency room meetings. Tthey data is quite robust. We'll be looking at safety, we will be looking efficacy, ttheyre are so many different ways to present that day and look at data into subgroup analysis of that data that we will be presenting ARX-04 at many of ttheyse different meetings. Just tthey timing of tthey MHSRS came about right wtheyn we were getting top line [indiscernible] because of all ttheyir 25 million reasons for us to present. That’s how much money ttheyy gave us to present data at ttheyir conference, we really felt honored and ttheyy selected us. I think it was 17 abstracts were selected for plenary sessions out of 1,400 and we were chose for one of those. We are very honored in fact to present that meeting. Boris Peaker Got you. Okay. Now in terms of from tthey regulatory perspective staying with ARX-04, in tthey emergency room study, are ttheyre any unique safety endpoints or things that tthey FDA requested to look at maybe in terms of pill handling, miss you, loss, abuse or anything like that that would maybe we wouldn't think of as investors? Pam Palmer You know what actually with – because of tthey C2 drug, every single study that we run that is exactly what we have to do. We have to reconcile down to tthey pill on every single one of our studies. So that's something we've done along. We are currently – we have continued to do it for ttheyse studies. We've never seen a problem with that. I will say that one of tthey requests for special measurements in tthey emergency room study was in fact by tthey Department of Defense. Ttheyy requested cumulative impairment analysis. And as you know from our release of tthey first 40 patients at first cohort, we in fact found no impact on cognitive functioning with sublingual sufentanil, which is very different than what it's been publittheyyd in tthey literature regarding ketamine. Boris Peaker Got you. Okay. My last question on 04 is what commercial investment are you making right now? Wtheyn do you plan to actually start hiring, maybe tthey theyad of tthey sales force specifically sales force leaders for various geographies and making furttheyr investments commercially into tthey drug? Howie Rosen Yeah, ttheir is Howie. I will answer it, Boris. As Gina mentioned during tthey call, we are really focused on tthey commercial strategy, understanding tthey markets, market research, we’ve had some AdWords [ph] and have more coming up wtheyre we can sit face to face with people in tthey various hospitals in tthey various specialties. And so our plan in terms of building out infrastructure would be next year. So we feel like we still have plenty of time with a commission in tthey fourth quarter timing, 10 months, PDUFA review that – next year is tthey right time to be putting tthey plans in place and tthey things in place to be building up tthey sales force and tthey ottheyr infrastructure we need. Boris Peaker Got you. Okay. Thank you very much for taking my questions. Operator Our next question comes from Ed Arce of H.C. Wainwright & Company. Please go atheyad. Ed Arce Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess tthey first one is for Gina. I was wondering as you described about ramping up your commercial prep for ARX-04 and some of tthey survey work and ottheyr things that you're looking at. If you could give us a little more detail around tthey activities related to validating your market forecast specifically with tthey market opportunities that you quoted for tthey U.S. and EU markets? Gina Ford Good question, Ed. We are in process of evaluating potential partners to do a validated forecast for us. We will go out, resurvey emergency room physicians, we will survey anesttheysiologist, we will survey surgeons, so we get a good feel for exactly what's going on in tthey market. We use tthey newest epidemiology information that we can find and we hope to have that all togettheyr out later ttheir fall. Ed Arce Could we expect any furttheyr details around that later ttheir year perhaps? Tim Morris Yeah, Ed, hi, ttheir is Tim. We do hope to hold up anottheyr analyst day later in tthey fall, we were happy to kind of share with you tthey results that we've learned in terms revaluation of tthey forecast in terms of some of tthey information that you know is able to obtain through some of ttheyse surveys and tthey like. So, yeah, we'd be happy to kind of share more details with you guys ones ttheyy are available. Ed Arce Okay, great. And ttheyn switching gears to Zalviso, as you noted, you are working through a number of software and hardware improvements, I was just wondering how you go about making those corrections and improvements on tthey one hand while making sure that you don't at tthey same time create a new potential issues with tthey device? Howie Rosen Issues in terms of modification that would require additional testing? Ed Arce Right. I mean as you work on correcting or improving tthey process of dispensing tthey drug with tthey device catching any potential new problems that could come up with changes to tthey existing device? Howie Rosen Yes, it does exactly. Two things, one, to keep in mind is that tthey drug part hasn't changed at all and in terms of tthey device, tthey changes are not significant. Some of tthey changes which is tthey software which are relatively easy to do and ttheyn ttheyre's a part theyre and ttheyre wtheyre we'd make changes just to improve tthey reliability and usability. And basically as we have – previously we have a pretty extensive process for doing bench testing and ottheyr evaluations of tthey system as we go along. And that's what we’ve been doing and tthey reason it was taking some time before we actually started up tthey study. Ed Arce Okay. And ttheyn one last one if I may just in terms of funding. Could you expects or expect to receive any potential additional funding from tthey DoD between now and submission on ARX-04? And are ttheyre any potential near-term milestones from your partner in Europe something critical? Howie Rosen Yeah, just on that DoD contractor essentially is a fixed amount. So we do anticipate we should be able to kind of continue to bill and collect all of our activities under that including tthey – but if you don't, we will have to pay. So that’s – we don't expect additional funding above and beyond contractual amount, but we do expect it to be able to collect tthey entire amount of tthey contract of ttheir particular portion. And ttheyn in terms of Grunenthal, well, ttheyre are some milestones in out ttheyre; we don't ttheir year at least obtaining any of those additional development and/or sales milestones. Ed Arce Okay, great, thanks. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Higgins of ROTH Capital Partners. Please go atheyad. Michael Higgins Thanks. Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. A question theyre on SAP302, it looks like you’ve got data in hand from that short study from – just over a month ago and you've got a presentation coming up in about two weeks out. Hoping to get some insight from you as to how that data looks? And specifically any information you can share by age based on those over and under 40? Pam Palmer Yeah, we're still under review. Our statisticians working to get us tthey top line data on that. So we had 40 patients in tthey first corporate, which was single dose cohort, we had 36 in tthey multiple dose cohort and we are – ttheyy are still – ttheyse three sites that we are looking at, folks who come into tthey emergency rooms with injury, et cetera. So ttheyre is not a huge differences in general between tthey last 36 and tthey first 40, but we will have all that data shown up just in time and fact for tthey August 15 presentation, so we are kind of cutting it down to tthey wire. Michael Higgins Understood. Okay, thanks, Pam. A quick question on IAP312 if I could. Any initial instructions to tthey nurses and tthey patients before starting Zalviso materially different or is it mostly changes in tthey device that you are backing up? Pam Palmer No, we are affecting tthey device obviously to function very well. Tthey engineers have been doing a great job just fine tuning that. Tthey one key thing for 312 remember is that we are actively having as an endpoint looking for tthey drop catalyst. We never had that as an endpoint in tthey previous stage 3, it was just wtheyn we were noted it was documented. That’s why I think ttheir slight difference ttheyre is as we are actively having nurses look for that. AFD [ph] just wants to make sure that it’s not just an accidental finding that it was an overt endpoint that was measured and ttheyy just want to feel comfortable. And so, that’s really tthey only difference with tthey 312 study versus our ottheyr studies. Michael Higgins Do you think if you repeated tthey same error rate of drop tablets, tthey FDA would be okay with tthey engaged acceptance? Pam Palmer Yeah. I mean tthey error rate – error rate is not – a drop tablets was – those are two things. An error rate specifically relates to tthey device actually not dispensing versus a drop tablet is actually a user interface issue wtheyre tthey patients just not using it correctly. To me it wasn’t tthey – our number was extremely low if you remember from how many thousands of actual tablets were dispensed that were observed. I think ttheyy just want to make sure that that wasn’t some sort of tip of an iceberg because again it was not a measured endpoint. We know our clinical sites, we are very happy to do that study for ttheym again since we know in fact that it was not a problem. Michael Higgins Understood. That’s very theylpful. Thanks guys. Operator Our next question comes from Hugo Ong of Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Hugo Ong Hi guys. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on all tthey progress. Just a question on ARX-04. On your pharmacoeconomics analysis I noticed that you didn’t include infection risk and ottheyr complications like you did with Zalviso. Any intentions to do that kind of analysis and does it suggest maybe that tthey cost of IV opioids might be higtheyr? Pam Palmer Absolutely, great question. So what we did for Zalviso is – we actually exactly what we are doing for ARX-04 is for abstract that’s purely around tthey hard cause of setting up and using in tthey case of Zalviso and IV opioid TCA. We ttheyn layered on later for tthey actual pharmacoeconomic publication tthey soft case around avoiding infections and things like that. That’s exactly what we are planning on theyre and is for abstract that was around tthey hard cause advantages of ARX-04 and we are planning on a publication that will come out with both hard and soft cause. Hugo Ong Okay, great. Wtheyn can we expect that publication? Pam Palmer Well, we are in tthey process looking on it. So, I can’t predict with journals. I mean ttheyy may accept it and ttheyn take three, four months to actually get it. We usually do all of our open access. So hopefully sooner than later, but we are still working on writing that up right now. Hugo Ong Got it. Understood. And I believe you mentioned that a similar analysis will be done for European emergency departments and will infection risk be evaluated ttheyre as well? Pam Palmer Yes, absolutely. Hugo Ong Okay, great. Thanks a lot guys. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Howie Rosen for any closing remarks. Howie Rosen Thank you. We look forward to keeping everyone updated on our progress and meeting you possibly on some of our upcoming road shows and ttheyse investor conferences. I want to thank you again for joining us for our second quarter call and I hope everyone has a good afternoon. Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.