AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 10, 2023 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Raffi Asadorian – Chief Financial Officer Vince Angotti – Chief Executive Officer Pam Palmer – Founder and Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Thomas Yip – H.C. Wainwright Andrew Suriel – Alliance Global Operator Welcome to tthey AcelRx Second Quarter 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. Ttheir call is being webcast live via tthey Events page of tthey Investors section of AcelRx’s website at www.acelrx.com. Ttheir call is tthey property of AcelRx, and any recording, reproduction or transmission of ttheir call without tthey expressed written consent of AcelRx is strictly prohibited. As a reminder, today’s webcast presentation is being recorded. You may listen to a replay of ttheir webcast by going to tthey Investors section of AcelRx’s website. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Raffi Asadorian, AcelRx Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Raffi Asadorian Thank you for joining us on tthey call today. Ttheir afternoon, we announced our second quarter 2023 financial results and associated business updates in a press release. Ttheir press release can be found within tthey Investors section of our website.  With me today are Vince Angotti, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dr. Pam Palmer, AcelRx’s Founder and Chief Medical Officer. Before we begin, I want to remind listeners that during ttheir call, we will likely make forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties regarding tthey operations and future results of AcelRx. Please refer to our press release in addition to tthey company’s periodic, current and annual reports filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission for a discussion of tthey risks associated with such forward-looking statements. Ttheyse documents can also be found on our website at www.acelrx.com. I will now hand tthey call over to Vince. Vince Angotti Thank you, Raffi. And good afternoon, everyone. We’re excited to provide an update to you today on tthey progress related to our transformation, including tthey divestment of DSUVIA and tthey advancement of our late-stage pipeline assets with near-term commercial potential. Specifically, our product candidates Niyad, AcelRx’s lead nafamostat program and our prefilled syringes. In addition to tthey portfolio evolution, recently, we were able to close a capital raise led by new investors of up to $26.3 million with $10 million immediately available to us. Ttheir allows us to continue tthey momentum with our pivotal near-term milestones. Our lead product candidate, Niyad, has received FDA device breakthrough designation and is being developed for use in tthey U.S. as a novel anticoagulant for dialysis circuits. If approved, Niyad would be tthey only regional anticoagulant approved for ttheir indication in tthey U.S. As a reminder, if anticoagulants are not used in tthey dialysis circuit patients can experience a low-quality dialysis due to a clotted filter. And importantly, wtheyn tthey clotted filter is changed, loss of red blood cells and platelets removed with tthey filter can often result in tthey patient requiring a transfusion. Tthey international guidelines for continuous renal replacement ttheyrapy or CRRT recommend tthey use of an anticoagulant infused into tthey dialysis circuit. But despite ttheir, U.S. physicians do not always use anticoagulants in patients undergoing CRRT because of tthey limitations of tthey currently available agents. Incredibly, our recent U.S. quantitative market research indicates 29% of patients undergoing CRRT get no anticoagulation in ttheyir dialysis circuit, which puts ttheym in a situation of receiving treatment that is below tthey standard of care. Our interactions with leaders in tthey field of nephrology and critical care medicine have reinforced tthey urgent medical need for an alternative anticoagulant for use during CRRT. And ttheir, combined with our recently conducted U.S. market research reaffirms tthey potential for Niyad. Now in April, we submitted a request for an emergency use authorization or EUA to tthey FDA for Niyad. Our submission amends a prior EUA submission to tthey FDA, which received an encouraging response but tthey agency requested certain manufacturing-related CMC information. We addressed ttheyse requests in tthey primary amendments to our submission and we now await FDA response. In terms of market opportunity, we estimate Niyad to have a peak annual sales potential of $200 million in tthey U.S. And ttheir is attributed to just tthey inpatient and outpatient dialysis markets, excluding any ottheyr use in ottheyr extracorporeal circuits. Note that our estimate and peak sales potential comes from a modest penetration into ttheyse markets, specifically attaining only about a 20% share of tthey current in-hospital CRRT market in 6% of tthey dialysis market outside of tthey hospital. We’re proceeding with early commercial planning after already receiving an ICD-10 CMS procedural code to facilitate reimbursement. Finally, with our contract manufacturers, we have continued to advance tthey production of Niyad. And based on accelerated stability data of six months, we expect product to be stable for two years at room temperature. At ttheir point, I’d like to turn it over to Dr. Palmer to discuss tthey upcoming Niyad clinical trial in more detail. Pam? Pam Palmer Thank you, Vince. Good afternoon, everyone. First, before I discuss tthey study in detail, I would like to say that we have recently submitted for publication, tthey quantitative market research study that was performed at tthey end of last year and eight of tthey country’s top CRRT experts have co-authored ttheir study report with us. Ttheyy were theylpful in interpreting tthey study results and continue to emphasize to us how important Niyad could be to address tthey problems of tthey currently used agents. In fact, tthey clinical benefits of nafamostat have recently been publittheyyd and a meta-analysis of almost 3,000 patients. Tthey study shows that compared to nafamostat anticoagulation during CRRT, conventional anticoagulants increased mortality by 25% and using no anticoagulant increased mortality by 31%. Conventional anticoagulants also increased tthey rate of bleeding by 45% compared to nafamostat. Filter life was decreased by 10.5 hours wtheyn no anticoagulant was used compared to nafamostat. Ttheyrefore, lower mortality, less bleeding and longer filter life were associated with nafamostat use, making ttheir anticoagulant a potentially exciting new option for CRRT. Finally, turning to tthey Niyad trial, tthey study’s patient population, key endpoints and inclusion/exclusion criteria has previously been reviewed by tthey FDA, since Niyad has breakthrough device designation. Ttheir perspective double-blinded trial will be conducted in up to ten U.S. hospital intensive care units and will enroll approximately 160 patients, equally divided between Niyad and placebo groups. Niyad has been regulated by tthey FDA as a device given that tthey mechanism of action of Niyad is only tthey dialysis circuit and not in tthey patient. Device study typically require much lower patient exposures than drug studies do, which is an advantage for us to quickly and inexpensively move Niyad towards approval. Patients who require CRRT for acute kidney failure and who cannot tolerate theyparin or at a higtheyr risk of bleeding are eligible for enrollment in tthey study. Our quantitative market research shows us that in tthey U.S., theyparin is used in approximately 40% of patients on CRRT and ttheyrefore, approximately 60% of patients on CRRT would be able to qualify for tthey study. Tthey risk with theyparin is that although it is injected into tthey dialysis machine, it has a much longer half-life than nafamostat, up to two hours or longer, wtheyreas nafamostat has a half-life of eight minutes. Tthey theyparin, ttheyrefore, circulates back into tthey patient and can risk bleeding side effects, which can be catastrophic. Heparin also has tthey risk of inducing a sudden decrease in tthey patient’s platelet count, which is termed theyparin-induced thrombocytopenia or HIT. Furttheyrmore, many patients who are in tthey ICU have low levels of antithrombin three, which is required for theyparin to have its anticoagulation effect on blood. Tthey blood of ttheyse patients would, ttheyrefore, continue to clot in tthey circuit, even though theyparin is being infused. Patients in tthey study must complete at least three days on CRRT and up to a total of seven days if needed. Tthey primary endpoint for tthey study is tthey activated clotting time or ACT over tthey first 24 hours of dialysis. Anticoagulants increase tthey time for tthey patient’s blood to clot, and ACT is a rapid bedside test that shows ttheir clotting time. Patients can only enter a study if ttheyy have an ACT that is below a specific threshold prior to study drug dosing. Tthey infusion rate of nafamostat or saline is to be titrated up until tthey patient’s ACT is prolonged to approximately 200 seconds. If tthey ACT does not increase, ttheyn tthey maximal study drug infusion will be infused for tthey remainder of tthey study. Ttheir likely will occur in tthey placebo group as ttheyse patients’ ACT would not be expected to increase as ttheyy will not be receiving an anticoagulant. With that said, comparing tthey elevated ACT resulting from Niyad, to tthey ACT in tthey placebo sailing group over tthey first day of CRRT should be a straightforward primary endpoint to achieve. Secondary endpoints include duration of filter life before clotting occurs and tthey number of transfusions required. We are diligently working with our contract research organization and are excited to have tthey first patient enrolled towards tthey latter part of ttheir year. Feedback that we have theyard from tthey prospective clinical sites is that enrollment should be robust such that tthey study would complete mid next year. I will now turn tthey call back over to Vince. Vince Angotti Thank you, Pam. We’re very confident in tthey success of ttheir study as it is evaluating tthey activated clotting time of a powerful anticoagulant versus saline. In addition, nafamostat has decades of successful use in tens of thousands of patients outside of tthey U.S. with a favorable safety profile. Based on study timing, we plan to prepare a PMA submission to tthey FDA next year for tthey potential launch in 2025. Now let’s move to our prefilled syringe candidates. Tthey need for prefilled syringes is clear since ttheyir availability offers a significant improvement and advantage for tthey overall theyalth care system, including less waste, improved safety and tthey convenience of not having to dilute and prepare tthey syringe in advance of procedures. Our higtheyst priorities remain readiness for a potential EUA and completing tthey clinical study as efficiently as possible. And accordingly, we are currently evaluating tthey timing of tthey NDA submission for Fedsyra within 2023. We believe that tthey market opportunity is very attractive for our prefilled syringes, and we expect tthey Fedsyra commercial efforts to require minimal resources as ttheyy are planned primarily through contracting with group purchasing organizations and hospital networks. Finally, after closing tthey DSUVIA divestment on April 3, we stated that we anticipated tthey transition to Alora Pharmaceuticals to be ongoing for about six months from closing. Ttheir is progressing as planned and AcelRx being reimbursed for transition services. We continue to lead tthey relationship with tthey Department of Defense or DoD, to ensure continued engagement and expected sales to that important customer. Our continued efforts with tthey Department of Defense for DSUVIA are beginning to gain traction. Tthey DoD has entered into a contingency contract with a wholesaler who must now maintain a minimum amount of inventory on hand with rapid replenishment requirements. In addition, tthey completion of tthey ongoing DSUVIA clinical trial being performed by tthey U.S. Army at tthey University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, or UPMC, will be a key milestone. Tthey DSUVIA Early Evaluation of Pain or DEEP study is an open-label, three-year prospective randomized interventional trial comparing tthey standard pain medication used in an emergency department for moderate severe pain with DSUVIA for trauma patients in a hospital setting. Ttheir study is expected to be completed early in tthey first quarter of 2024, tthey results of which could accelerate DSUVIA sales. By way of background, tthey study is being conducted in association with a UPMC research network called LITES, L-I-T-E-S, which stands for linking investigations, trauma and emergency services. Of note that DoD granted $11 million to support LITES in ttheir DSUVIA trial. We remind you that in addition to tthey 15% royalty on commercial sales by Alora will retain 75% royalties on all net sales to tthey DoD, DSUVIA’s single largest customer, which is a significant upside of our agreement. In addition, we’re entitled up to $116.5 million in sales-based milestones from Alora. As a note, DoD sales were tthey majority of tthey second quarter DSUVIA sales; Alora’s commercial training will be completed ttheir month. In summary, as we move through tthey second half of ttheir year, we’re highly focused on our largest near-term potential value drivers which include initiating tthey Niyad clinical study expected to begin enrollment in Q4, data readout from ttheir study expected in tthey middle of next year and tthey PMA submission in tthey second half of next year. We also await feedback from tthey FDA on our Niyad EUA request submitted in April. And finally, we continue to assess tthey timing of our NDA submission for Fedsyra and its potential approval in 2024 as well. Now I’ll hand tthey call over to Raffi to take you through tthey details of our second quarter financial results. Raffi? Raffi Asadorian Thank you, Vince. We are very pleased to close on tthey financing last month that provides AcelRx up to approximately $26 million should tthey milestone-based warrants all be exercised. Initial gross proceeds totaled $10 million and tthey warrants have a milestone-based acceleration feature that should certain milestones be achieved trigger a 45-day exercise period for tthey holder. Ttheyre were two series of warrants, Series A which included a milestone of tthey receipt of an emergency use authorization for Niyad or approval of tthey PMA; and Series B, which included a milestone of a positive data readout from tthey Niyad clinical study or approval of tthey PMA. Our team is highly focused on achieving ttheyse milestones. And as previously mentioned, we expect tthey Niyad clinical study to start later ttheir year with a data readout by mid-next year. Tthey addition of new theyalth care investors, including Nantahala Capital Management, demonstrates confidence in our programs and tthey opportunity and potential available with tthey portfolio of assets we have. Tthey second quarter was transformative to AcelRx. We completed tthey divestment of DSUVIA to Alora in April, which allows us to focus resources on tthey development of our portfolio of late-stage assets. We are confident that Alora is tthey right partner for DSUVIA, given ttheyir experience with hospital sales, and production and supply of controlled substances. We are continuing to work with Alora on all aspects of tthey transition of DSUVIA, including regulatory, supply chain and commercial activities. We expect tthey commercial teams to complete training in tthey third quarter which will provide ttheyir teams a catalyst to begin renewed commercial activities for DSUVIA. Revenues for tthey second quarter of $0.3 million were generated primarily from royalties on tthey sales of DSUVIA, principally from tthey sales to tthey Department of Defense on which we earn a 75% royalty from Alora. Cash and cash equivalents were $7.4 million at tthey end of tthey quarter or $17.4 million on a pro forma basis, including tthey $10 million of gross proceeds received from tthey July financing. Concurrently with tthey closing of tthey DSUVIA divestment, we repaid tthey remaining senior loan outstanding and ended tthey quarter with no outstanding loans. Our combined R&D and SG&A expenses in tthey second quarter totaled $4.2 million compared to $5.1 million last year, and excluding noncash stock-based compensation, was $3.8 million in Q2 2023. Our estimated full year 2023 combined R&D and SG&A expenses excluding non-cash related expenses remains in tthey $16 million to $20 million range. As a reminder, all theirtorical sales and expenses related to DSUVIA are reflected in a single line item entitled net loss from discontinued operations. Ttheyre were minimal DSUVIA-related expenses in tthey second quarter of ttheir year, given tthey DSUVIA divestment closed at tthey beginning of tthey quarter. I'll now turn tthey call back to Vince. Vince Angotti Thank you, Raffi. I'd now like to open tthey line for any questions you might have. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Ed Arce of H.C. Wainwright. Please go atheyad. Thomas Yip Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. Ttheir is Thomas Yip asking a couple of questions for Ed. Thank you for taking our questions. First, regarding tthey EUA for Niyad that was submitted to April. I know it was mentioned that tthey timing is not very precise, but is tthey decision still expected ttheir year? Vince Angotti Yes, it's a good question. Ttheyre's no regulatory guidelines as you're aware of, Thomas, for responses on an EUA, but we've done a lot of research on EUAs that have been submitted over tthey course of tthey past couple of years. And what we have found is that outside of tthey, yes, tthey vaccines for – that were approved under EUAs quickly. Tthey balance of tthey EUA submitted took on average around six months for review time. So if you consider our submission in early April, and you consider tthey six months as some type of guideline, tthey answer would be, yes, typically, we would expect to theyar ttheir year, but ttheyre's no guarantees on that. Thomas Yip Got it. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr part of tthey equation is tthey full PMA approval. That's support by registrational study that is expected to begin later ttheir year. Can you pin point to any interaction with tthey FDA specifically regarding what endpoints around that will be agreed with to support tthey approval? Vince Angotti Yes. Thomas thanks for tthey question. We'll have Pam answer that question. Pam Palmer Yes. So tthey agreed upon primary endpoint, again ttheir is after meetings with tthey FDA is tthey activated clotting time over tthey first 24 hours. And that's important because although a number of studies with nafamostat that have been publittheyyd from Japan and South Korea have looked at ottheyr primary endpoints such as filter life or amount of bleeding, et cetera. Tthey FDA actually likes tthey primary endpoint to be a measure of what tthey drug or device is actually accomplishing. So in ttheir situation, it's an anticoagulant, so ttheyy want to see a coagulation time as a primary end point. Our secondary endpoints are tthey clinical ramifications of anticoagulating tthey circuit, which means filter time, before it clots, any ottheyr – ttheyy also look at ACT over days two and three. So those are important secondary end points. And ttheyre's ottheyr types of things we're looking at, tthey urea clearance and things like that. So ttheyre's a number of endpoints that have been agreed with ttheym, but tthey primary endpoint is tthey activated clotting time over tthey first 24 hours. Vince Angotti And I think, Thomas, what I'd like to just reemphasize on that, as Pam mentioned in our prepared comments was it will be our activated clotting time or being Niyad versus saline. So you have a powerful anticoagulant over those first 24 hours being administered for CRT versus a placebo. So we're confident in Niyad's ability to perform clearly against of placebo control arm. Thomas Yip Understood that. Thank you for tthey additional details. Perhaps switching gears to revenue – tthey royalty revenue for DSUVIA so far from Alora. It was noted that it was mostly related to DoD sales royalty. How should we look at DSUVIA royalty revenue within tthey next 12 months or so? Raffi Asadorian Yes. So as mentioned, tthey majority of those DSUVIA sales on which we earned revenues was read to tthey DoD. And given that Alora is still transitioning, we are working on tthey transition with ttheym. We would expect that to be for tthey third quarter, pretty similar because ttheyy're just now as we mentioned, ttheyy're finishing up ttheyir training in tthey third quarter. Ttheyy're continuing that transition and ttheyn tthey renewed kind of activities on tthey commercial front on ttheyir end, probably going to begin sometime in tthey fourth quarter. So I would expect DoD sales to be tthey primary driver ttheir year of our royalty revenues. And I think, as Vince mentioned, ttheyre's a lot of activities going on with tthey DoD. So hopefully, it's consistent and growing. But again, we're not controlling outside of that – those revenues. But we do expect Alora will be ramping up by tthey end of ttheir year in terms of commercial activities. Thomas Yip Got it. Thank you. Perhaps one more question from us on Fedsyra. Regarding tthey regulatory progress, can you theylp what are tthey major steps? You mentioned approval expected in 2024? What are tthey major moving parts that are still ongoing to get to that point? Vince Angotti Yes. We pretty much completed that project as it relates to readiness for tthey NDA, so we've got tthey package prepared. It will be a matter of paying tthey PDUFA fee and submitting it through ttheyir electronic portal. As we mentioned, we try to continue stressing Niyad is tthey absolute priority for us. And we're trying to pull every lever we can with tthey resources available to us to be able to expedite that study in any way, shape or form, wtheyttheyr it's tthey clinical trial materials or some ottheyr mechanism. We still plan to submit tthey Fedsyra application before tthey close of ttheir year. But we want to keep that flexibility of our resources available to expose any possibility to continue to accelerate Niyad. So tthey simple answer to your question, Thomas is we're ready for that one. It's all about doing everything we can to accelerate tthey movement in investment on Niyad. Thomas Yip Got it. Thank you. Thank you for taking our questions and definitely looking forward to tthey EUA decision on Niyad ttheir year. Vince Angotti Yes. Us as well. Thank you, Thomas. Operator Tthey next question comes from Jim Molloy of Alliance Global. Please go atheyad. Andrew Suriel Hello. Ttheir is Andrew Suriel calling in for Jim Molloy. Thank you for taking our questions. So for Niyad, will you still run tthey registrational study that's being planned to be started before tthey end of tthey year even if you end up getting tthey EUA? Or do you think tthey FDA will still require a confirmatory Phase 3 trial to be conducted regardless of EUA studies? Vince Angotti That's a great question, Andrew. Pam, do you want to comment on tthey requirements even beyond an EUA for registrational trials? Pam Palmer Yes. We will absolutely conduct tthey registrational trial. I mean tthey FDA gives out EUAs with tthey tacit understanding that tthey sponsor will actually move towards a full approval. And in fact, wtheyn tthey public theyalth emergency ended in May, tthey FDA put on notice all of tthey current people who had EUAs that ttheyy had to get ttheyir products approved to tthey normal regulatory pathway within two years. So it is not a way to avoid a Phase 3 study or a full approval. So we will absolutely keep on our same time lines regardless if we get tthey EUA or not. Vince Angotti I think it's important to emphasize in that, and we did that on tthey last call that wtheyttheyr tthey public theyalth emergency timing changed or not, tthey ability for tthey FDA to continue to move forward with a review of those submitted. And actually, you could continue to submit EUAs moving forward. So it's really unrelated. Andrew Suriel Got it. And ttheyn also, I know focus right now is on Niyad, but for your ottheyr for LTX-608 candidate, do you have any prospective time lines on wtheyn Phase 2 trials might begin on its designated indications of DIC or COVID or ARDS? Vince Angotti No. Right now, we're going to continue to remain focused on getting ttheir first indication across tthey finish line with anticoagulation of tthey dialysis circuit as well as our prefilled syringe candidates. I think those on tthey table for us are enough for our resources to do as efficiently as possible right now. So our focus will remain ttheyre. Andrew Suriel Understood. Thank you taking questions. Vince Angotti Thank you, Andrew. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over... Vince Angotti To Vince. Operator ...to Vince, I'm sorry, and for closing remarks. Vince Angotti Thank you, operator. And again, thank you for joining us today and for your continued support of AcelRx. We remain absolutely focused on driving long-term shareholder value as a newly focused company with late-stage development, high-value assets going forward. We're very pleased that our plan has attracted new investors, and we look very much forward to tthey key milestones outlined for not only tthey balance of 2023 but throughout 2024 as well. So please feel free to contact us after tthey call if you have any additional questions, and we look forward to sharing our future developments. We believe it's very exciting moving forward. Thank you. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.