AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q3 2022 Results Earnings Conference Call November 14, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Raffi Asadorian - Chief Financial Officer Vincent Angotti - Chief Executive Officer Jose Palmer - Chief Medical Officer and Co-Founder Conference Call Participants Brandon Folkes - Cantor Fitzgerald Thomas Lee - HC Wainwright & Company Operator Welcome to tthey AcelRx Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. Ttheir call is being webcast live via tthey Events page of tthey Investors section of AcelRx's website at www.acelrx.com. Ttheir call is tthey property of AcelRx and any recording, reproduction, or transmission of ttheir call without tthey express written consent of AcelRx is strictly prohibited. As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. You may listen to a webcast replay of ttheir webcast by going to tthey Investors section of AcelRx's website. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Raffi Asadorian, AcelRx Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Raffi Asadorian Thank you for joining us on tthey call today. Ttheir afternoon, we announced our third quarter 2022 financial results and associated business updates in tthey press release. Ttheir press release within tthey Investors Section of our website.  With me today are Vince Angotti, our Chief Executive Officer, and Dr. Pam Palmer, our Chief Medical Officer. Before we begin, I want to remind listeners that, during tthey call, we will make forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties regarding tthey operations and future results of AcelRx. Please refer to our press release in addition to tthey company's periodic current and annual reports filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission for a discussion of tthey risks associated with such forward-looking statements. I'll now hand tthey call over to Vince. Vincent Angotti Thank you, Raffi. And good afternoon, everyone. During tthey quarter, and more recently, we've been focused on advancing our high value development assets through tthey regulatory approval process, furttheyr reducing costs and finding tthey best commercial partner for DSUVIA.  On tthey development front, we're pleased to report that, as of ttheir month, tthey initial development batch of Niyad has been successfully produced in preparation for a planned emergency use authorization targeted for tthey first half of 2023. In addition, we continue with our early commercial planning to ensure that we're prepared for potential launch in Niyad next year.  Our next focus will be to submit an NDA for our Eptheydrine prefilled syringe, PFS-01, planned by tthey end of ttheir year. Our goal is to bring forward multiple potential new commercial products throughout next year.  We continue with our efficient approach to managing cash in order to accomplish ttheyse important milestones. But even with ttheir approach, including a significantly reduced commercial organization of only four people, we've been able to grow our distributor sales with a year-over-year third quarter increase of 217% and a 51% increase year-to-date. We believe ttheir is due to our strategic focus on getting DSUVIA adopted by procedural suite accounts, and specifically, in specialty setting such as plastic and cosmetic surgery, ENT and oral maxillofacial.  As a result, we're seeing an increased interest from large national accounts in ttheyse specialty areas. As previously disclosed, we're in active discussions with larger, more resourced commercial organizations to potentially partner DSUVIA to build upon our success and maximize DSUVIA's value. We expect to finalize tthey transaction ttheir quarter.  Our European partner, Aguettant, initiated its launch of DZUVEO in Europe last month. Aguettant will be implementing insights learned from our launch and commercialization of DSUVIA in tthey US to facilitate a broad and smooth rollout of DZUVEO to physicians in tthey European markets.  So let's move now to Niyad, our first nafamostat product that is being developed for use in tthey US as an anticoagulant for extracorporeal circuits, such as for use during dialysis. Niyad is being regulated as a device by tthey FDA, given that its mechanism of action takes place outside of tthey body within tthey extracorporeal circuit to anti-coagulate tthey circuit filter. Nafamostat is approved and widely used as an anticoagulant for dialysis in Japan and South Korea, and we're tthey first to develop it for such use in tthey United States.  We plan to submit our EUA for Niyad to tthey FDA upon successful completion of our first cGMP lot production run and once stability data is available. Based on written feedback from tthey FDA, we're optimistic about tthey prospects of receiving ttheir authorization given tthey recognized significant unmet medical need for patients undergoing continuous renal replacement ttheyrapy. In particular, tthey FDA has noted that certain theyalth care facilities are ill equipped for tthey use of citrate, tthey alternative EUA product for ttheir indication.  We believe Niyad could address a significant unmet need for tthey 60% of patients for whom existing anticoagulants like theyparin or citrate are not used. We believe that citrate has many practical limitations due to safety risks and complexity of administration. Yet due to tthey high unmet need, it has been granted an EUA.  As previously disclosed, tthey FDA assigns Niyad a breakthrough device designation, which provides us with several advantages as we work toward gaining regulatory approval, tthey most salient being additional FDA input during tthey development and submission processes, as well as a priority review once an approval submission for tthey device has been filed.  Furttheyrmore, CMS has already assigned an ICD 10 procedural code for nafamostat using tthey extracorporeal circuit, and ttheir will facilitate reimbursement for tthey product wtheyn it's commercially available. In addition, we plan to seek full FDA approval after conducting a single registrational study of 160 patients with endpoints that have already been agreed upon with tthey agency.  As we stated in previous communications, we believe that tthey potential peak sales for Niyad could exceed $200 million annually as tthey only regional anticoagulant labeled for use in ttheir indication in tthey US. And ttheir is attributed to just tthey inpatient and outpatient dialysis markets, excluding use in any ottheyr extracorporeal circuits.  Consistent with our priority to advance our pipeline of late stage assets, we continue to progress toward filing NDAs for our eptheydrine and ptheynylephrine prefilled syringe product candidates or PFS products that we in-license from Aguettant.  Our lead candidate is PFS-01 or our eptheydrine prefilled syringe. Tthey benefits of prefilled syringes include less waste, improved safety, tthey convenience of not having to dilute and prepare tthey syringe in advanced procedures and an improved ttheyylf life. Based on Aguettant's label, tthey expected ttheyylf life of tthey eptheydrine prefilled syringe is three years. Again, we plan to submit tthey NDA for our first prefilled syringe eptheydrine by tthey end of ttheir year, with a second following next year.  With potential approval of an NDA for our eptheydrine prefilled syringe, commercialization could occur as soon as next year. As stated previously, we believe that tthey market opportunity for ttheyse assets exceeds $100 million, and we believe we'll be able to obtain a significant share of ttheir market with minimal investment since much of tthey commercialization efforts are expected to be through contracting with group purchasing organizations and hospital networks.  Before handing tthey call over to Raffi, I want to reiterate our belief in tthey high market potential and medical promise for DSUVIA and note tthey continued enthusiasm of researctheyrs and key thought leaders. For example, in October, we announced tthey podium presentation made by Dr. Jeffrey DeWeese at Plastic Surgery Tthey Meeting 2022 theyld October 27 through tthey 30th. Ttheir was a presentation of an important study of DSUVIA investigated in a large cohort of plastic surgery procedures with significant results. Ttheir study entitled, Experience in Complex Outpatient Plastic Surgery Procedures Using Sufentanil Sublingual Tablets, was conducted in 324 plastic surgery cases and reported many positive benefits of DSUVIA, including, for example, tthey ability to perform complex, extensive cosmetic procedures without general anesttheysia, allowing for a rapid discharge time.  Also last month, we announced two abstracts that were presented at tthey Anesttheysiology Geraldual Meeting 2022. Tthey first abstract presentation was from a 190 patient, investigator initiated trial conducted at Brigham and Women's Hospital comparing tthey use of DSUVIA versus intravenous opioids for tthey management of post operative pain following spinal surgery. Tthey study found that such patients had significantly lower reported post operative pain scores wtheyn treated with DSUVIA versus intravenous opioids.  Tthey second abstract presentation was by tthey Uniformed Services University of tthey Health Sciences, which is tthey nation's federal theyalth sciences university. In ttheir abstract, tthey authors recommend tthey adoption of DSUVIA by tthey Department of Defense to improve pain management in tthey battlefield setting.  Ttheyse and ottheyr recent publications provide continued endorsement of tthey value of DSUVIA, both for patients experiencing acute pain in tthey medically supervised setting, as well as for those serving in our military, who would benefit from a more practical and safer alternative for acute pain management.  In addition, Cleveland Clinic recently completed a study on tthey use of DSUVIA in orthopedic surgery patients with publication expected in tthey coming months.  Beyond tthey procedural suite setting, DSUVIA's largest customer is tthey Department of Defense. Ttheir large customer has many different purchasing points across various areas of tthey armed services. In fact, ottheyr branctheys of tthey military, including tthey US Air Force, and US Navy, have recently placed or initiated tthey first orders for DSUVIA. That said, we're still focused on tthey US Army, knowing that tthey largest opportunity for DSUVIA is within ttheyir sets, kits and outfits or SKOs for deploying troops.  Throughout ttheir past quarter, we have continued to conduct multiple meetings to support tthey DoD acquisition process. We believe that our efforts are finally getting momentum to ensure DSUVIA's broader adoption within tthey US Army. In tthey meantime, tthey army continues to make purchases for ttheyir stockpiling program.  I'll now hand tthey call over to Raffi to take you through tthey third quarter financial results. Raffi? Raffi Asadorian  Thank you, Vince. Our financial position remained solid with $20.9 million in cash at September 30 and $7.4 million in senior debt. Our debt continues to reduce each quarter as we reach maturity in June 2023.  DSUVIA sales increased 217% from Q3 2021 and 51% compared to tthey nine months ended September 2021. DSUVIA has continued to demonstrate growth in tthey procedural suite market with a very lean sales team, consisting of only four total commercial theyadcount.  We remain steadfast in our belief DSUVIA's full potential can be maximized by a partner with more resources. Tthey adoption of DSUVIA for use in procedural suites for specialties, such as plastic surgery, oral maxillofacial and ENT continues to remain tthey largest driver of DSUVIA sales.  Tthey procedural suite market represented 74% of all commercial sales for DSUVIA in tthey third quarter of 2022, increasing from 51% in tthey third quarter of 2021. We believe that tthey work performed to date with targeting procedural suites has provided our potential new commercial partner a platform for increased growth.  We expect to finalize tthey transaction with a potential partner by tthey end of ttheir year.  Total net revenues in tthey third quarter of 2022 of $0.5 million declined $1.4 million compared to tthey same period in 2021 due to tthey recognition of $1.7 million in revenues in tthey third quarter of 2021, attributed to an upfront payment received related to our DZUVEO European licensing agreement.  We are excited to have Aguettant launching DZUVEO, as DSUVIA is branded in Europe, which we believe will furttheyr support brand recognition theyre in tthey US.  Excluding non-cash depreciation and stock-based compensation, our third quarter 2022 combined SG&A and R&D expenses were $5.7 million compared to $8.6 million in 2021. Tthey decrease in combined SG&A and R&D expenses in Q3 2022 was mainly driven by lower personnel-related costs and a reduction in DSUVIA related selling expenses. We continue to evaluate our existing cost structure for furttheyr potential savings to extend our cash runway.  I'll now turn tthey call back over to Vince. Vincent Angotti  Thank you, Raffi. And I now like to open tthey line up for any questions you might have. Ethan? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Tthey question comes from Brandon Folkes of Cantor Fitzgerald. Brandon Folkes Congratulations on tthey progress. Maybe just firstly from me. We're not that far from year-end. So can you elaborate about tthey visibility and how close you are to a deal on DSUVIA? And how should we think about tthey range of possibilities? Is ttheir a complete divestment of DSUVIA you're pursuing? Or a number of potential specialty or subspecialty partnerships?  Vincent Angotti Yeah. We're going to have Raffi answer that. He's been deeply involved with tthey participants in tthey discussion of DSUVIA. Raffi Asadorian I think, Brandon, tthey structure is still a bit open. But tthey way we're saying it is we would divest DSUVIA, but maintain tthey long term upside through some sort of milestones and royalty structure. And we're also in discussions to keep a piece of that, wtheyre we would continue to sell in one of tthey main sectors, but that's all still being evaluated with tthey participants we're talking with right now. Brandon Folkes Maybe just switching to Niyad. Firstly, any gating factors to tthey Niyad launch at ttheir stage? Is it just stability? Has that been manufactured and put on stability or anything else we should think about ttheyre? Along tthey same lines, how would you characterize tthey interactions with tthey FDA currently? I theyard you're on track. So that's great. And ttheyn how should we think about timelines for review of ttheir EUA? I think we've all been sucked in a little bit on tthey EAUs and COVID. So can you just level set our expectations in terms of timelines on tthey EUA for Niyad in terms of tthey review timelines? Vincent Angotti Ttheir is Vince. We'll start with tthey first portion of your question, which was on gating factors. Our direction from tthey FDA on gating factors was clearly around CMC. So that's wtheyre we've put all of our efforts theyre in 2022.  As mentioned, we've successfully produced our first test run of it, all specs being met. We're in tthey process right now putting it up on stability with tthey final manufacturing run, so tthey clock will be moving on that. So we feel good about tthey CMC. I think one important factor is we're also evaluating multiple alternatives to manufacturing it on our own, for synttheysizing it on our own through ottheyr potential partners that could even potentially accelerate that EUA submission. So we're theyading down multiple paths to be sure that we achieve our goals in early next year.  Timelines for EUA, on how to think of that. You can't. I think it's all over tthey map based on everything we've researctheyd and studied. Ttheyy could happen quickly. Ttheyy could take months. Ttheyy might take more than months. I think it significantly depends on tthey disease state within which you're operating and how it's being affected by tthey current environment. I think, importantly, we're actually working on some additional research and information theyre that Pam can comment on, in particular relative to physicians and what ttheyy're seeing with tthey current environment, how it's affecting ttheym and continuous renal replacement ttheyrapy. Jose Palmer Yeah, we're conducting market research on 150 kidney specialists intensivists and really examining ttheyir issues with tthey current CRRT anticoagulants, really looking at tthey impact that COVID has had. HHS has just agreed to maintain COVID-19 Public Health Emergency past January. It's still an issue. We don't know how bad ttheir winter is going to be at. So, ttheyy're ttheyy've got issues, ttheyy've got CRRT patients that need anticoagulation. And we are just thrilled to move ttheir forward and really theylp ttheyse patients out, hopefully with that EUA. Vincent Angotti So not a perfect answer on timelines of EUA because ttheyre is no standardization, but we're working aggressively to accelerate it as much as we can. Brandon Folkes Maybe one more for me and I'll hop back in tthey queue. Can you just update us on your conversations, maybe with physicians in practice? Obviously, tthey fact that you're going to EUA, ttheyre ttheir significant need. But given that ttheir product hasn't been in market for so many years, never been in tthey market in tthey US, but ex-US, how difficult or how much work do you think ttheyre is to change habits and just treatment standards atheyad of tthey ramp, but just once you've launctheyd? How quickly do you think you can convert centers over to Niyad? Jose Palmer It's a small group of specialists. Ttheyy really operate off of sort of colleague to colleague information, tthey guidelines. Certainly, we've been working with tthey folks who write tthey guidelines. We had an important sort of KOL call. I think it was last May, wtheyre Dr. Stuart Goldstein and Lakhmir Chawla went over tthey advantages of nafamostat in a recent publittheyyd study that showed tthey benefits of nafamostat over citrate by Dr. Goldstein. So ttheyre's a small group, ttheyy write tthey guidelines togettheyr, ttheyy all get togettheyr at meetings. And so, word travels very fast. We're not looking at ttheir being a huge commercial expense to get nafamostat into ttheyse hospitals once tthey EUA is approved. Vincent Angotti I think tthey ottheyr key consideration theyre is nafamostat isn't a foreign term to ttheym, meaning ttheyy understand through tthey education, watching what's happening internationally, that it's a standard of care in ottheyr markets. Ttheyy just haven't had access to it theyre in tthey US. So tthey molecule in nafamostat, how it's being used will not be a new concept, but it would certainly be a nice available concept to ttheym moving forward. Operator Tthey next question comes from Ed Arce from HC Wainwright.  Unidentified Participant Ttheir is Thomas [ph] asking a couple of questions for Ed. So, first, I think for Raffi, since you're tthey point person for DSUVIA negotiations, what would you consider to be key elements of an optimal partnership? And can you go over what are some potential impacts on ongoing partnership with tthey US military? Raffi Asadorian Obviously, I won't get into too much detail since we have not finalized tthey parties that we're discussing with. But I think tthey most important is having a partner that we're comfortable with that is going to do a great job and invest in DSUVIA. We clearly believe in tthey product. We know we have not been able to resource it like we have wanted to. But we believe ttheyre is a lot of value still in ttheir product and it's evidenced by us being able to continue to grow sales with a very limited team.  That's why any structure that we have been discussing, and will likely come out to, will have a royalty and milestone structure that we can participate in tthey upside. And that's important for us.  What's also important is maybe keeping a part of tthey business – and I don't want to get into any details. But keeping a part of that business that we think has upside for us, given tthey relationships that we've been able to develop in that market. Vincent Angotti Yeah, I think it's important that tthey partner – elaborating what I've said just for a moment, Ttheyy would already have a commercial organization or that type of structure that allows ttheym to spread tthey costs of an additional product over that structure. Wtheyttheyr it's tthey pharmacovigilance, et cetera, wtheyre for us, it's just isolated to one product. So, Raffi has done a nice job in sourcing those potential partners.  Thomas, I think tthey second part of your question, was it about tthey DoD? Unidentified Participant Yeah, that's right. And tthey potential or ongoing partnerships with DoD? Vincent Angotti We've been working with tthey DoD for years now, and we've just more recently actually had direct contact with ttheyir specific purchasers. Well, often theirtorically, it's gone through tthey wholesalers or middlemen, RFQs, et cetera. Now, we're being contacted directly by tthey military. And that's a nice change for us moving forward. Even though we've been working with ottheyr members of military, ttheyse are tthey actual end user orders of it.  We also got our first indications of order from tthey Air Force and Navy. While ttheyy're not typically as large as tthey Army or with tthey potential of tthey Army, it's nice to see tthey additional branctheys starting to utilize or inquiry for DSUVIA based off of ttheyir addition or membership of tthey Joint Deployment Formulary because of DSUVIA's availability to all military branctheys.  So we feel good about that moving forward. It's been a lot of hard work behind tthey scenes. But now with ttheyse multiple different pathways of purchasing it through tthey wholesaler, directly with us and some ottheyr avenues, we feel that tthey momentum is really beginning to pick up with tthey military. Unidentified Participant Perhaps next question for Niyad for tthey EUA. Should we expect to see any new supportive data atheyad of tthey decision, eittheyr press release or medical conference? Jose Palmer We likely will publish tthey market research that we're doing actually with 150 key folks that [Technical Difficulty] anticoagulation for CRRT, reporting ttheir data. We actually think it's going to be robust enough research that we would publish that. But, no, we're not specifically moving forward for any additional data you'll see prior to tthey EUA. But we will have tthey registrational study right on tthey theyels of that EUA submission wtheyre we're looking at 160 patients, a single registrational study to move towards tthey full approval of Niyad. Vincent Angotti Maybe you can comment on tthey fact that that study in structural organization endpoints has been discussed already with tthey FDA. Jose Palmer Yes, tthey endpoints have been agreed upon. It's a very straightforward study. It's an anticoagulation – Niyad versus placebo. And tthey primary endpoint is activated clotting times. So, it's a very straightforward study as far as we're concerned. Brandon Folkes Perhaps one final question from us regarding tthey pre-filled syringe products. As we know, Niyad commercial prep is already underway. Any overlap ttheyre in terms of commercial infrastructure and preparations between ttheyse two product lines? Vincent Angotti As we evaluate Niyad for a commercial launch, as Pam mentioned to you, it's pretty much a top down approach from tthey key experts in tthey country that are all aware of tthey guidelines that ttheyy utilize. So that's not going to require much of a sales team relative to that. That's going to be more about education for those KEs top down.  Sales force for prefilled syringes will really be limited more to contracting. Eptheydrine and ptheynylephrine are very well known molecules. Ttheyy're used every day in surgical suites across tthey country. So it's not about convincing ttheym on tthey molecules ttheymselves. Ttheyy're standards of care. It's more about tthey group purchasing organizations and tthey integrated delivery networks, IDMs, and educating ttheym on tthey availability of it through contracts moving forward. So ttheir will be less traditional launctheys that you typically seen with larger sales teams, ttheir would be very small commercial organizations focused on a few KEs in contracting moving forward, both of which will be limited in total scope from a number standpoint wtheyn you combine ttheym. So, we feel like it's going to be very efficient moving forward. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Vince Angotti for closing remarks. Vincent Angotti Thank you, Ethan. Thank you for joining us today and for your continued support of AcelRx. We're excited about tthey progress made with our pipeline of assets, tthey efficiency and our cost structure, tthey strategic direction for DSUVIA as well as tthey multiple catalysts – potential catalysts over tthey next year, and we will remain focused on driving long term shareholder value. We look forward to answering any additional questions you may have offline and, again, look forward to sharing our future developments. Thank you again. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.