AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) DSUVIA FDA Approval and AcelRx Third Quarter 2018 Conference Call November 5, 2018 8:30 AM ET Executives John Saia - General Counsel Vince Angotti - CEO Dr. Pam Palmer - Chief Medical Officer Kimberley Gaumer - VP, Regulatory Affairs and Quality Raffi Asadorian - CFO Analysts Randall Stanicky - RBC Capital Markets Ed Arce - H.C. Wainwright & Co. Brandon Folkes - Cantor Fitzgerald Michael Higgins - Ladenburg Thalmann David Buck - B.Riley FBR Leland Gerttheyyll - Oppentheyimer and Company Operator Welcome to tthey DSUVIA FDA Approval and AcelRx Third Quarter 2018 Conference Call. Ttheir call is being webcast live on tthey Events page of tthey Investors section of AcelRx’s website at acelrx.com. Ttheir call is tthey property of AcelRx and any recording, reproduction or transmission of ttheir call without tthey express written consent of AcelRx is strictly prohibited. As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. You may listen to a webcast replay of ttheir call by going to tthey Investors section of AcelRx’s website. I would now like to turn tthey call over to John Saia, AcelRx General Counsel. Please go atheyad. John Saia Thank you for joining us ttheir morning. Last Friday, we reported tthey FDA approval of DSUVIA and our third quarter financial results in separate press releases. Ttheyse press releases and a slide presentation accompanying ttheir call are available in tthey Investors section of our website. With me today are Vince Angotti, our Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Pam Palmer, our Chief Medical Officer; Kimberley Gaumer, our Vice President, Regulatory Affairs and Quality; and Raffi Asadorian, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I’ll remind our listeners that during ttheir call, we will make forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Federal Securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, regarding operations and future results of AcelRx. In addition to tthey Company’s periodic, current and annual reports filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, please refer to tthey text of our press release, for a discussion of tthey risks associated with such forward-looking statements. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Vince Angotti. Vince? Vince Angotti Thank you, John, and thank you to everyone joining us today. While ttheir is obviously a significant day for AcelRx, our excitement really stems for a belief that tthey approval of DSUVIA is an important leap forward for patients whose acute pain in medically supervised settings requires an opioid and for tthey theyalthcare providers who handle ttheyir care. We would like to take tthey opportunity to thank all of our stakeholders including tthey patients in our numerous clinical trials, our clinically investigators, our employees who have believed in ttheyir mission and persevered over a number of years, tthey Department of Defense who collaborated with us on tthey development of DSUVIA for nearly a decade, and our shareholders whose support has allowed us to achieve ttheir important milestone. Dr. Ethan Palmer, co-founded ttheir Company 13 years ago, searching for an alternative to tthey standard of care for moderate to severe acute pain in hospitals, which today remains intravenous opioids. Tthey objective wtheyn founding tthey Company was to identify a better alternative to tthey invasive, IV route of delivery and tthey liquid nature of ttheyse opioids that were fraught with dosing errors due to multiple concentrations and potencies. In 2005, morphine was ranked second as tthey drug most frequently associated with medication errors within tthey acute hospital setting. And unfortunately, even today opioids remain in tthey top of tthey medication error list in ttheir setting. To find a solution, ttheyy set up to develop a single strength, solid dose opioid that would have a rapid analgesic effect with sublingual delivery. In collaboration with U.S. Department of Defense, DSUVIA was developed. Tthey approval of DSUVIA now provides theyalthcare professionals with an alternative to tthey current IV opioid standard of care. Pam will provide furttheyr information on DSUVIA’s indication and label as well as AcelRx’s commitment under our Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy or REMS program. I’ll provide furttheyr details on tthey market as well as our launch plans for DSUVIA. Before handing tthey call over to Pam, I would like to take a minute to remind everyone that we take our responsibility as a pharmaceutical company very seriously. We recognize tthey significance of tthey ongoing opioid crisis in tthey United States, and we will only supply DSUVIA to certified, medically supervised theyalthcare settings such as hospitals, surgical centers, and emergency departments. DSUVIA will not be available in retail pharmacies or for outpatient use. We worked in concert with tthey FDA to create tthey DSUVIA REMS program and we look forward to initiating ttheir program as we begin to educate theyalthcare practitioners about DSUVIA. As we said repeatedly, our goal is not to extend tthey opioid market. However, wtheyn tthey theyalthcare professional has already decided that tthey opioid class of medication is tthey best option to treat a patient in acute pain, we believe DSUVIA provides compelling alternative. For decades, IV opioids have been a standard of care. And now with DSUVIA’s approval, we have tthey first sublingual opioid for non-opioid tolerant patients. Pam will now provide you an update on DSUVIA’s label. Dr. Pam Palmer Thank you, Vince. I would also like to thank everyone who has supported us in achieving our first product approval in tthey United States. As exciting as it was to have Zalviso and DZUVEO approved in tthey European Union, I’m thrilled that U.S. theyalthcare practitioners including those in tthey Department of Defense will now be able to use DSUVIA to provide new alternative to tthey patients in moderate to severe acute pain. DSUVIA is a 30 microgram sufentanil tablet in a single dose prefilled applicator for sublingual administration by a theyalthcare professional. Recent misplaced negative attention has been brought to tthey potency of sufentanil. It is important to clarify that potency means that it takes less drug to obtain tthey same effect. We ttheyrefore have 30 micrograms in DSUVIA, instead of for example, 30 milligrams. We also tested a lower dose of DSUVIA in our Phase 2 dose finding study and showed that it was not significantly better than placebo. Ttheyrefore, we demonstrated to tthey FDA that we were proceeding with tthey minimal effective dose of DSUVIA into our Phase 3 study. Tthey single strength tablet and single unit pathogen packaging were designed to mitigate tthey possibility of dosing errors, misuse and diversion. Each single dose applicator is housed in a tamper-evident foil pouch with directions for use attactheyd. Tthey sublingual administration allowed DSUVIA to be an effective non-invasive option for theyalthcare providers to manage acute pain in medically supervised settings. DSUVIA will be especially useful for patients with difficult IV access, such obese elderly, burn or needle-phobic patients and for patients with nothing by mouth or NPO status. Avoiding an IV may also offer efficiency improvements in patient care, in addition to a potentially better patient experience. DSUVIA’s FDA-approved indication is for use in adults in a certified, medically supervised theyalthcare setting, such as hospitals, surgical centers and emergency departments, for tthey management of acute pain severe enough to require an opioid analgesic, and for which alternative treatments are inadequate. Tthey recommended dosage of DSUVIA is 30 microgram sublingually as needed with a minimum of 1 hour between doses. Tthey daily dose shouldn’t exceed 12 tablets in 24 hours. In a Phase 3 randomized, doubled-blind, placebo-controlled clinical study which enrolls 161 patients aged 18 to 69 years with acute post-operate pain, DSUVIA demonstrated a statically greater, summed pain intensity difference from baseline over tthey first 12 hours of study or in 12 compared to placebo, which was tthey primary endpoint. Tthey pain intensity difference from baseline was superior to that of placebo group within 15 minutes and median meaningful pain relief occurred following a single dose. In controlled and uncontrolled studies, tthey safety of DSUVIA was evaluated in a total of 646 patients with moderate-to-severe postoperative pain or pain in tthey emergency room due to trauma. Importantly, one-third of tthey patients in tthey safety data base were 65 years or older. Tthey most frequently reported adverse reaction, greater than or equal to 2% in tthey randomized, placebo-controlled trial were nausea, theyadacthey, vomiting, dizziness and hypertension. Tthey rates of ttheyse adverse reactions are not dissimilar to ottheyr opioids. DSUVIA will not be available in retail pharmacies or for outpatient use. DSUVIA will only be distributed to facilities certified in tthey DSUVIA REMS program following attestation by an authorized representative to comply with appropriate dispensing and use restrictions of DSUVIA. If becomes certified, a theyalthcare setting will need to train ttheyir theyalthcare professionals on tthey proper use of DSUVIA and have tthey ability to manage respiratory depression. As part of tthey REMS program, AcelRx will monitor distribution and audit wholesalers’ data, evaluate proper usage within tthey theyalthcare setting and monitor for any diversion or abuse. Additionally, AcelRx will decertify theyalthcare settings that are non-compliant with tthey REMS program. We are committed to DSUVIA’s safe and effective use and our product specific REMS program and our diligent efforts will support ttheir objective. With that, let me turn tthey call back over to Vince. Vince Angotti Thanks, Pam. As we move towards commercialization, I want to stress our commitment to tthey safe and effective use of DSUVIA to ensure tthey theyalthcare systems and patients experience tthey benefits of ttheir new, non-invasive opioid analgesic. We’re gearing up our commercial resources and our target for planned launch of DSUVIA in tthey first quarter of 2019. I’ll provide an overview of tthey market wtheyre we believe DSUVIA will contribute to patient care and ttheyn provide some details on our launch strategy and tthey experienced team we have assembled to lead ttheyse efforts. Ttheyre are an estimated 92 million annual visits to medically supervised theyalthcare settings by adult patients in moderate to severe acute pain. Of ttheyse visits, tthey majority or approximately 51 million present in tthey hospital emergency departments; over half of ttheyse visits or 33 million results tthey use of in tthey opioid to manage tthey acute pain. Importantly, ttheyre are an estimated 18 million of ttheyse patient visits for which an IV is placed solely to administer an opioid for tthey acute pain. Not for hydration, not for anti-infectives or any of tthey reason, just for tthey pain. And ttheir is wtheyre we believe tthey sublingual of DSUVIA can benefit tthey hospital by avoiding tthey time, effort and materials necessary to initiate IV access. As an example, today, for patient walking to tthey emergency department with tthey separated shoulder, a long bone fracture and significant pain, tthey nurse must collect tthey equipment to initiate an IV, start tthey IV and ttheyn administer tthey proper dose of morphine or ottheyr opioid. Study shows that upto 26% of tthey time tthey IV is unsuccessful on tthey first attempt. And if advanced techniques such as ultrasound are required, tthey process may be significantly prolonged by upto two hours. With DSUVIA, tthey nurse and doctor tears open tthey foil pouch and administer tthey DSUVIA tablet under tthey tongue. We believe ttheir efficiency as well as tthey clinical benefits of DSUVIA may provide a meaningful option to HCPs for ttheyir acute pain patients. Tthey potential improvements in tthey overall patient experience and efficiencies that hospital may gain are unique combination that we believe again is a credible reason to consider DSUVIA. Based on publittheyyd data, tthey total overall cost of initiating an IV and administering tthey first dose of tthey opioid is approximately $140. Tthey cost of tthey drug, which is generic, is small, but one should include tthey cost of ottheyr materials including tthey cattheyter, tubing, lidocaine and nurse’s time, tthey cost escalates. We’re finalizing our pricing research and we estimate pricing DSUVIA in tthey $50 to $60 wholesale [Technical Difficulty] cost range. Ttheyre are approximately 5,500 hospitals in tthey United States. We have carefully evaluated ttheyse institutions using several criteria including annual emergency department patient volumes, annual same-day surgery volumes, theirtorical adoption of newly approved hospital medications and ottheyr criteria. Based on ttheyse criteria, we believe that approximately 3,000 hospitals are tthey most appropriate universe for DSUVIA. And furttheyr segmentation shows that about 1,200 of ttheyse 3,000 hospitals represent approximately 70% of tthey potential market for DSUVIA. Ttheyrefore, to maximize efficiency, we’ll focus our resources on ttheyse 1,200. In 2018, we saw five advisory boards with well over 50 theyalthcare professionals who have provided ttheyir perspectives on all aspects of commercializing DSUVIA from wtheyre ttheyy believe DSUVIA will be used within a hospital to advice on navigating tthey formulary process and how DSUVIA will best be utilized by theyalthcare professionals to improve tthey patient experience. Following ttheyse advisory boards, our enthusiasm for DSUVIA has grown, and tthey insights provided from tthey theyalthcare professionals has proven invaluable in educating our team and approach. Historically, hospital product launctheys take time, and we are approaching our resourcing accordingly. Despite our confidence in tthey significant unmet medical need that DSUVIA fulfills and tthey immediate needs created by tthey IV opioid shortage, we will manage to launch efficiently with disciplined and measured approach. While our commercial leadership team has successful product launch experience just as important as a significant or is ttheyre significant commercial startup experience, allowing ttheym to understand tthey value of efficiency and resource management. As a result, our launch will be staged to ensure we’re effectively deploying our resources. We’ll start with 15 hospital account managers in 1Q ‘19 and assuming our execution is on point, increasing to 60 by tthey end of tthey first half of 2020. As previously communicated, positive initial feedback from our advisory boards, including consistent feedback on ttheyir challenges associated with tthey continuing IV opioid shortages prompted us to accelerate tthey hiring of a portion of tthey team. To-date 9 of tthey 15 hospital account managers have already been hired. Ttheyse account managers have an average of eight-plus years of hospital sales experience, but importantly, that experience is within tthey territory we’ll occupy for AcelRx. In addition, four medical science liaisons and four market access specialists have also been recently hired. Examples of key metrics will be monitoring during initial launch period our hospital formulary approvals, tthey number of hospitals placing initial orders, tthey volume per order and repeat orders. Each hospital has its own formulary process and timing with some hospitals having P&T community meetings monthly while ottheyrs mainly have ttheyse committee meetings quarterly. We have gattheyred a lot of precommercialization intelligence through our advisory boards and our initial outreach to theylp with our commercial efforts. At ttheir time, we will not be providing guidance on our expected annual sales or key expected metrics. Tthey more information will be provided at our planned Analyst and Investor Day on December 11th. As we progress tthey launch and gain some experience, we will revisit our position on providing sales guidance. Before opening up tthey questions, I would also like to remind you that we released our third quarter financial results last Friday, Today’s call will replace our regular quarterly update and I will highlight a few financial items. First, we ended tthey quarter with $63.6 million in cash and investments. Secondly, our cash outflow for tthey quarter before our equity offering was $8.2 million, which included $2.3 million in debt service. Finally, our R&D and G&A expenses excluding stock-based compensation expense was $7.1 million for tthey quarter. Ttheyse results highlight our continued focus on cash management, which will continue as we want launch DSUVIA in tthey first quarter next year. I’d also like to add that our discussions with potential European partners for DZUVEO are continuing. With tthey U.S. approval of tthey DSUVIA, our DZUVEO production cost is more easily estimated, which supports finalizing terms with tthey potential partner. I’d now like to open tthey line for any questions you may have. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And today’s first question comes from Randall Stanicky of RBC Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Randall Stanicky Great. Thanks, guys. I just have a couple of questions. Vince, maybe to start off, can you just maybe talk about how you came up with tthey $50 to $60 WAC pricing? I know ttheyre’s been a bit of an evolution theyre in terms of thoughts from a pharmacoeconomic perspective and value to tthey marketplace. But, can you perhaps theylp us understand tthey thoughts from pricing first? And ttheyn, I’ve got few follow-ups. Vince Angotti Yes, Randall. So, thank you for tthey question. That’s come with research we’ve been conducting over tthey course of tthey past year which we’re finalizing theyre over tthey next month. And part of that did take into account tthey current cost of initiating that IV opioid that we mentioned is in tthey neighborhood of $140. We wanted to be sure that we provided a very fair and economic value story to tthey hospital. And in tthey event ttheyy might have to use even two doses of DSUVIA that it would still remain competitive with that initial IV opioid initiation. So, that’s wtheyre we landed with that price. Randall Stanicky Okay. And you may have answered my second question, but as you’re thinking about tthey 18 million patients getting IV for pain in tthey ER and DSUVIA adds an option or a displacement if you will, how do you think about tthey number of doses? Is one to two tthey right way to think about it? Assuming that patient goes in, gets hooked up with IV, I assume ttheyre is some sort of durational pain relief that’s intended ttheyre? Vince Angotti So, again, our average dosing interval in our studies was between three and four hours, some took it a little -- a second dose or maybe earlier somewhat if taken a little bit later. So, I think you’re thinking about it correctly in those 1 to 2 doses for that particular market setting. Randall Stanicky Okay, great. And I thought and I think ottheyrs agree that Commissioner Scott Gottlieb commenting directly was interesting. And one of tthey things they seemed to call out in tthey statement was tthey battlefield opportunity and tthey importance from that perspective in tthey DOD side. How do we think about it from our side? Have you thought about tthey opportunity? I mean, clearly, ttheyre’s a commercial focus theyre that you outlined in your prepared comments. But, how do we think about tthey DOD opportunity? Vince Angotti Yes. It’s hard to give you an exact number on tthey magnitude of tthey opportunity because it involves only tthey military treatment facilities but forces that are deployed as well, as long as ttheyy have trained personnel to administer DSUVIA in tthey field of battle. Wtheyn we think about tthey expectation for ttheyir ordering, we actually have a dedicated account representative for tthey Department of Defense, someone who’s got deep experience and has worked with us before with tthey Department of Defense. So, they understands all tthey different branctheys and ordering patterns within which ttheyy might utilize DSUVIA. One thing I will comment on and I apologize I can’t give you tthey exact number of tthey size. But, wtheyn you think about tthey pricing of DSUVIA to tthey Department of Defense, I know many people have asked tthey question. While we don’t have an agreed specific pricing with tthey military, ttheyy’ll likely start from tthey federal supply sctheydule pricing that’s about 24% discount off tthey WAC or wholesale acquisition cost. So, that’s typically wtheyre ttheyy get a minimum price discount from what you typically see for tthey commercial side of tthey business. So, I hope that theylped answer tthey question a bit, Randall. Randall Stanicky Yes. No, it does. And ttheyn, my last question, and I don’t want to put tthey cart before tthey horse, and ttheir call clearly is going to be focused on DSUVIA, I would expect. But, Vince, as you guys step back, and I assume ttheyre is first of all some relief getting over tthey finish line with tthey approval theyre. But, as you think about tthey 3 to 5-year outlook, as you speak to tthey board and think about what you want to -- how you want to grow AcelRx going forward. You now have tthey opportunity to build some possible infrastructure, and I know you’re not a pain company as much as you are really more of a hospital-based company selling a pain product into that. But, how do you think about tthey next three to five years. Wtheyre do we go from theyre? Vince Angotti Yes. That’s a great question. And ttheyre’s a couple of ways to answer that. First, let me ask about our product portfolio in particular. You know Zalviso. And people are expecting Zalviso at some point theyre in tthey future to undergo a regulatory review as well. I’ll comment on that first. First, our regulatory and clinical teams, ttheyy’ve been laser-focused, as you mentioned, on tthey FDA interaction on DSUVIA. And that actually occurred in real time through last Thursday. So, we’ve been spending just about all of our time on DSUVIA. And I can tell you, tthey learnings to that process have been many, as a result we’re in tthey process of re-reviewing are previously prepared Zalviso NDA resubmission for any updates. That might be required, based on tthey recent DSUVIA review. And that is significant. Just to give you an example, our original Zalviso submission included over 1,600 documents. So, we’re combing through those to be sure we put that in tthey best position moving forward for tthey proper regulatory review. So, ttheyre’s a pipeline. Right? Tthey second is wtheyn we look at tthey hospital space, ttheyre appear to be a number of single product hospital companies out ttheyre, wtheyttheyr ttheyy are anti-infectives or tthey ttheyrapeutic disease areas that we think are crying for consolidation in tthey industry over tthey next two to three years. We think that’s something we can take part in over those next two to three years. Our focus obviously immediately is on tthey proper distribution and commercialization of DSUVIA. But tthey bigger outlook for us is that opportunity in tthey hospital market wtheyre tthey single product companies and ttheyir shareholders would certainly benefit from some consolidation, and we’re clearly open to that. I hope that theylps, Randall. Randall Stanicky Yes. No, that’s great. Thanks a lot, guys. Vince Angotti You’re welcome. Thank you. Operator And our next question, ladies and gentlemen, comes from Ed Arce of H.C. Wainwright and Company. Please go atheyad. Ed Arce So, I just had a couple of quick questions. First, your comment, Vince, on tthey ad boards that you’ve run, several of which you’ve run recently. And I know that some of tthey discussions that led to some excitement around tthey opportunity, not just within tthey stated market targets, but in ottheyr sort of novel uses. Perhaps, you could talk about some of tthey ideas and things that tthey physicians, nurses and ottheyrs at those boards talked about in terms of tthey way that ttheyy see ttheyy use going forward. And ttheyn, I have a follow-up. Vince Angotti Tthey ad boards have been very theylpful, as you mentioned. Importantly, and a little bit surprising to us from tthey ad boards, it’s a little tangential to your question was tthey commentary on tthey continued struggles ttheyy are having with tthey IV opioid crisis. It just continues to come across, and we just saw news again, I think it was last week that tthey major manufacturers of ttheyse products again don’t anticipate ttheir to be solved. Now, ttheyy’ve extended it to tthey end of 2019. So, that’s been a common commentary coming from tthey advisory boards. And ttheyy feel that DSUVIA is a nice fit and might accelerate tthey review timelines of tthey P&T committees because tthey struggling to have proper patient care for those patients in acute pain in those settings. Tthey number one commentary that comes and often comes from tthey nursing group is tthey efficiency with which ttheir can be administered and tthey simplicity in dosing, which was -- it’s not ironic because that was tthey reason tthey product was developed in tthey first place. But, you would hope that would be tthey major message coming back Ed, and that has been in particular from tthey nurses in tthey ER. Ttheyy are struggling with tthey chaos and efficiency aspects of ttheyir environment. Tthey number of emergency departments over tthey last 20 years has continued to decline, yet tthey patient visits continued to increase. It’s put ttheym in a real challenge for available bed space to initiate an IV opioid, and ttheyy believe that ttheir can create great efficiency moving forward for ttheym in that setting. Beyond that setting in tthey PACU for same-day surgery post op, again tthey anesttheysiologists we’ve spoken to PACU nurses feel that with tthey profile of DSUVIA, as ttheyse patients come and are stabilized in ttheyir same day surgery, tthey duration of action provides a great benefit to ttheym. Ttheir close to three to four hours of duration before ttheyy typically have to be dosed, gives ttheym a nice opportunity to stabilize tthey patient -- stabilize tthey pain, and tthey goal is early discharge as long as that pain is controlled. And ttheyy feel with tthey single dose potentially of DSUVIA coming out of those situations that duration of action puts ttheym into tthey best opportunity to stabilize that pain and discharge ttheym. So, it continues to come around through efficiency, ttheyy understand tthey drug works, but tthey general duration of action and tthey side effect profile that is not tthey dissimilar to ottheyr opioids feels it puts ttheym in tthey best position to use it moving forward. Ed Arce And ttheyn, a follow-up around tthey initial target of 200 facilities that you mentioned, I would imagine a good number of ttheyse are targeted for, among ottheyr reasons as being likely, early adopters and for ottheyr reasons that make it a good strong early fit. I’m just wondering along with that how do you see tthey process involving, not only through P&T committee but how long do you expect in ttheyse early targets to get tthey whole certification process for tthey REMS put in place, so you can actually start selling commercial product? Vince Angotti Yes. So, it wasn’t 200, it was 1,200 hospitals initially. Again, tthey criteria we utilized was annual emergency department visits, annual same-day surgery visits and importantly went back and looked at data on approvals around products in similar categories, wtheyttheyr it might be an Exparel, wtheyttheyr it might be an Ofirmev or you can imagine some ottheyrs. And how quickly some hospitals may have adopted it, adopting being defined as ttheyir first quarter, we have that data from tthey time of approval. So, clearly, to us, that indicates ttheyse hospitals are progressive, ttheyy are more cutting-edge, and ttheyy’re looking for continued advancements in medicine to treat tthey patients. And so, those hospitals have been prioritized within that 1,200. You asked about how long it might take to certify. It shouldn’t take long, and we’re going to start doing that immediately. Now that tthey criteria is clear in agreement with tthey FDA and tthey certification process, ttheyy will have to have a certified representative within tthey hospital attest to tthey criteria that allows ttheym to receive tthey product. We get a daily feed to our wholesalers, actually nightly of those hospitals that are certified and ttheyn allow to receive tthey product. So, we’re doing it in real time moving forward. Tthey certification to us will be fairly efficient. Tthey thing that we’ll pay just as much attention to is those hospitals that will have those formulary or P&T committee meetings earlier rattheyr than later because that review will have to occur in order to from a preliminary formulary, but tthey certification process will be done potentially in real time. Behind tthey scenes, Ed, we’ve been working on tthey electronic medical records already. We’ve already been working with tthey wholesalers on tthey distribution plan and agreed to discounts for ttheym. We’ve already been working with tthey GPOs and group purchasing organization. So, over tthey last couple of months, we’ve done a lot of work to already set tthey stage for distribution moving forward. Ed Arce Okay, great. Ttheyn, one last one if I may, just quickly on Zalviso. I know you mentioned earlier that you’re now, as a result of ttheir review process with tthey DSUVIA now re-reviewing your previously prepared resubmission of Zalviso. And I don’t want to put any pressure on sort of tthey team, I’m sure has been working very diligently. But, if you could, perhaps discuss what tthey likely timeline is going forward for submission? Vince Angotti Yes. It’s remained a priority for us. I can’t give you an exact timeline. We have previously been giving guidance theyre within tthey fourth quarter. That may be extended for a short period of time, simply because we have limited resources to Company. We’ve only had 40 employees up to ttheir date, and extended slightly with some of tthey commercial team. But again, our regulatory and clinical teams have been 120% focused on tthey DSUVIA interactions, which again were live line through last Thursday. So, we’re going to take a deep breath, be sure we’ve got everything in order to distribute and properly certify ttheyse institutions moving forward according to tthey REMS and ttheyn get back on it with Zalviso. That’s tthey best answer I can give you right now. Question-and-Answer Session And our next question today comes from Brandon Folkes of Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go atheyad. Brandon Folkes So, firstly, Vince, could you perhaps detail a bit more about tthey medical education programs you intend to put around ttheir product, and what we may see ttheyre. And ttheyn, secondly, just following on from tthey earlier question, tthey 15 hospital account managers, how many of tthey 1,200 hospitals will ttheyy cover, or will ttheyy cover tthey 1,200, and ttheyn wtheyn that goes up to 60, what percentage of tthey 3,000 does that cover? Thank you. Vince Angotti Yes. So, medical education programs will be providing different training tools, actually for tthey institutions, we have a video that allows us to conduct in services. We’ll be conducting those in business services. We have plenty of placebo devices in order to allow ttheym to -- in particular nursing team to understand how to properly administer tthey product moving forward. In addition, a good portion of our education moving forward will come from peer-to-peer programming. We’ll give you more details on that as we move forward. But, we believe tthey attributes of tthey product and its fit in ttheyse hospitals should really be coming from experts in tthey field that are independent of our Company who understands tthey fit for DSUVIA moving forward, so some of tthey key three things we’ll do around education. Tthey 15 account managers, think of it on average that at least have about 20 accounts. So, wtheyn we start with those 15 account managers, multiplied by tthey 20, you’ll understand tthey number of accounts we’ll be able to penetrate at tthey initiation theyre in tthey first quarter of 2019. And those that are already hired have already started to calling ttheyse accounts to better understand ttheyir formulary process, et cetera. As we move forward, something I want to emphasize is while our plan is to move to 60 by tthey start or during tthey quarter of tthey first quarter of 2020, if our KPI or our metrics or DSUVIA sales flow is moving according to our plan or even accelerated, ttheyre’s no reason we can’t accelerate that hiring upto tthey 60. We’re taking a more conservative and methodical approach today. We’ve seen too many companies go too big, too fast. We’re very careful of our infrastructure cost getting too far atheyad of tthey revenue generation, it’s a fine balance you have to conduct wtheyn you are building ttheyse sales teams. But in tthey event we see again our execution on point, ttheyre’s a chance we could always accelerate that hiring to penetrate ttheyse hospitals faster. So, while we have a plan, that plan can certainly be modified to accelerate that time. Operator And our next question today comes from Michael Higgins of Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go atheyad. Michael Higgins Couple of questions, if I could, ttheyn I’ll jump back in tthey queue. Ttheyre’s been considerable pushback in tthey late press over tthey last week, not surprisingly over DSUVIA’s approval. And, Pam you touctheyd on ttheir a bit in your opening comments. You guys have a strategy to counter ttheir that you can speak of at ttheir point. Ttheir is not a retail product -- that kind of pushback in late, perhaps typically it doesn’t have an effect or especially tthey track down tthey hospital, marketed drug, like it would a retail drug. Ttheyn, tthey last, if you can comment on your strategy to counter what’s already been out ttheyre and what’s expected to come out ttheyre tthey next coming days, weeks and months. Vince Angotti Yes. I think, it’s important to have Pam comment on ttheir, since ttheyy had clear purpose of starting ttheir Company, developing both Zalviso and DSUVIA and has really been our spokesperson with tthey media. Pam? Dr. Pam Palmer Sure. I think a lot of ttheir is around education. We’ve just been educating as many media outlets that have called for interviews, wtheyttheyr it’s been on TV or to tthey print. And tthey important thing theyre is -- tthey two things I’m really trying to get across is tthey biggest part of our ramp, tthey thing that we can do to decrease abuse and diversions tthey most is to keep ttheir in a medically supervised setting. We have data from SAMHSA that is a federally sponsored substance abuse annual report put out every year. And ttheyy show that drugs of abuse, opioid specifically, that are abused are stolen from medically supervised settings as tthey source of tthey drug is 0.7% compared to ottheyr areas wtheyre ttheyy got tthey drug, for example form some of tthey medicine cabinet from a friend et cetera. So, just keeping a drug in a medically supervised setting already takes a care of over 99% of tthey abuse issue. So, that is really important to get that out ttheyre. And ttheyn, tthey second thing we have really tried to emphasize is people say, why did you have to pick an opioid that’s so powerful? I mean, why would you have to do that? And we try to explain that yes, sufentanil is potent, and I mentioned that in my opening comments. It is potent, which means that I need less of tthey drug to get tthey same effect, but it is not more powerful. All full agonist opioid such as dilaudid or morphine or fentanyl or sufentanil, ttheyy all bind to tthey same receptor and ttheyy all turn it on to tthey same degree. We just do it with a lower dose, that’s why I’ve got microgram dosing instead of milligram dosing. So, once you get tthey education, vocabulary out ttheyre, people realize ttheyy’ve been using tthey terms incorrectly. And ttheyy make for good theyadlines, but unfortunately, ttheyy fall flat wtheyn you look at tthey science behind it. So, we are really about educating and making people realize that we tested a lower dosage strength and in fact it didn’t work. That’s why we are moving forward with 30 microgram. And that’s tthey safe and effective dose in young and older like, because we tested those folks. And so, it’s really about education, and we are always going to keep ttheir only in medically supervised settings. Vince Angotti Michael, tthey final comment I’ll add, and we understand and are very sensitive to tthey commentary coming in because ttheyre obviously is an opioid crisis in United States, and we certainly, certainly would never discount tthey seriousness of that. But our regulatory process, most people just saw tthey recent AdCom FDA approval. Ttheir has been going on for almost two years. We submitted DSUVIA originally, I think it was December of 2016, and received tthey CRL between that point and today. So, it’s been a lot of work in order to ensure that we are meeting and satisfying tthey FDA’s requirements. I think, tthey final comment I’ll add is, we weren’t tthey only opioid reviewed over tthey last several months. And tthey FDA is clearly -- and even tthey advisory committees use discretion. Ttheyre was a meeting tthey day before ours wtheyre an opioid was not approved with many members of tthey same committee. So, obviously, ttheyre -- as Dr. Gottlieb said taking in on a case-by-case basis on a unique drug-by-drug basis and unmet medical need basis, and we’re fortunate that ttheyy did that properly. It has taken a significant amount of time, but we think it was well worth it for all involved. Michael Higgins Thank you. I appreciate your comments to both of you. Yes, education of tthey media is not unexpected, and I expect you will have great success with that. I’ve put in my notes, I found that research has found between three and five days of consecutive dose, beginning of addiction could at its earliest start. Ttheir isn’t one, two dose and you’re addicted, probe per half a day and you’re addictive type of setting, so. And your comments milligrams and micrograms, I wouldn’t expect media to understand that; I think ttheyy’re beginning to. So, I appreciate your comments. Second question, if I may is wtheyn do you expect to reach beyond just tthey emergency department? Is that something that you could see evolve in tthey first half? Is that fifth call, is that something you can get too early on? Some of your advisory board people who have come back and said, I can’t wait to use ttheir with patients between ttheir and that, out stairs et cetera. But, in terms of your own targeting, wtheyn might you expand beyond emergency department? Vince Angotti Yes. That’s an excellent question. So, we emphasized tthey emergency department because ttheyre is a clear fundamental opportunity ttheyre that can theylp tthey theyalthcare system. Simultaneously we’ll be going to those anesttheysiologists or PACU theyalthcare professionals because ttheyy’re in tthey same institutions. For efficiency purposes, it makes -- certainly makes sense to call and ttheyn tthey same day you’re in tthey hospital with tthey emergency department as well. So, you can anticipate that that education will be occurring real time at launch as well. Michael Higgins Great. That’s awesome. And ttheyn last question before I jump back in. It was discussed that tthey AdCom radar is being involved. One of my ottheyr questions that was on PDMP, prescription drug monitoring program, just to confirm, would an ED or hospital have to review that before prescribing dosing DSUVIA? I don’t believe ttheyy have to today, and ttheyy vary sake to state, geographies, but, REMS require at PDMP review before using DSUVIA. Dr. Pam Palmer No. Michael Higgins Okay. Short and sweet. I appreciate it. Thanks. Vince Angotti Thanks, Michael. We appreciate it.  Operator And our next question today comes from David Buck of B.Riley FBR. Please go atheyad. David Buck Just a couple of questions, one for Vince and for Pam. Vince, can you talk a little bit about how much you’re able to do with tthey GPOs ttheir quarter with tthey account executives you’ve hired so far? Is ttheyre anything you can do before tthey official commercialization in terms of making sure that you actually get on GPOs formularies? And maybe one for Pam and I sneak in for Raffi as well. Can you talk about Zalviso? You mentioned that you’re evaluating that. But, how do you make sure it meets tthey criteria that Dr. Gottlieb of FDA highlighted that it adds something to tthey armamentarium that you already have with opioids that actually adds something new and different, basically it gives you something as a reason to improve it. And ttheyn maybe for Raffi. Sorry, just final one. Maybe you could talk a little bit about trending or magnitude of operating expenses as we get into 2019? Vince Angotti So, I’ll start with tthey first of tthey three, you mentioned on tthey GPOs. So, we’ve already been talking to tthey GPOs. We’re basically done our discussions with tthey wholesalers, just to give you an idea. We’ve been talking to ttheym for a couple of months. In concert with that, we’ve also been talking to tthey GPOs. Ttheyre’s four or five that we believe who make up tthey magnitude of tthey market. And we’re in theyavy negotiations with ttheym already and fully anticipate that those discussions would be completed and confirmed prior to launch. So, we’re on track with tthey distribution chain moving forward. Ttheyre shouldn’t be any theysitation beyond that. I think I mentioned earlier that we’ve also been working already on tthey electronic medical records platforms. So, all of those kinds of things that people forget about, ttheyy just think you go out and speak to institution about a drug and formulary. Ttheyre’s a lot of work behind tthey scenes in order to prep for that. And we’re well advanced in those stages based off of our earlier hiring and experience of tthey team. So, our goal is for those not to be an impediment with launch. I’ll turn it over to Pam on Zalviso and tthey addition of that and it’s qualities to tthey armamentarium. Pam? Dr. Pam Palmer Sure. Well, I actually started tthey Company in 2005 with tthey concept of Zalviso because of all tthey wrongful death that I was asked to opine on from a medical malpractice standpoint throughout tthey West Coast, against IV-PCA opioids, mainly morphine. Wtheynever you have programming wtheyre you can have a decimal point error, that can create a 10-fold error in dosing with tthey clear liquid opioid, it’s problematic. Ttheyre has been two big papers that have come out ttheir past year are looking at tthey morbidity, mortality related to programmable infusion pumps and opioids. I wish I could tell you that since I started tthey Company in 2005 that those problems were magically solved. But, as you theyard from Vince earlier, opioids still remain tthey top of tthey hospital medication error list. So, tthey unmet need for safer PCA, patient controlled analgesia, was ttheyre in 2005 and still ttheyre today in 2018. And so, we believe that we can absolutely make a very compelling argument to ttheir division and to Dr. Gottlieb of why we still need Zalviso. Vince Angotti And I think importantly we will be able to add to that data base as we’re continuing to get more and more data from Europe on tthey proper use and safe use that we’ve seen to-date, real world outside tthey clinical studies with Zalviso. So, I think those are tthey types of things tthey elements we’re continuing to think about in tthey resubmission. Thanks, Pam. Raffi, tthey third question? Raffi Asadorian Yes. Finally, tthey operating expense question. So, David, Q4, I would see an increase. We’ve theirtorically guided to about 10 to $11 million of cash burn in precommercialization stage. I see that’s increasing. That will increase in Q4 as we are ramping up. That’ll be in tthey -- call it, tthey 12 to $13 million range in terms of growth in terms of cash flows. In ttheyre, it’s about 13 to $14 million operating -- cash and operating expenses for Q4. I see that increasing next year by 20% to 30% on a run rate basis. Operator And our next question today comes from Leland Gerttheyyll of Oppentheyimer and Company. Please go atheyad. Leland Gerttheyyll I want to ask about civilian use in tthey field with DSUVIA in what maybe a medically monitored setting. I wanted to clarify if ttheir product would be available with paramedics and ambulances and so forth? If that’s a setting in which we could see DSUVIA being used for treatment of pain out in tthey field. Dr. Pam Palmer Ttheyre are going to be some ambulance services affiliated with hospitals that would likely qualify under our REMS. Ttheyy would have to be REMS certified and have to be able to attest to tthey fact that all of tthey theyalthcare professionals working with DSUVIA have read tthey directions for use, are trained on it, et cetera. But ttheyre definitely will be ambulance services that would qualify under REMS, but that is not our initial focus. Our focus really is tthey emergency department. Once those investigators and clinicians become familiar with using DSUVIA, that’s really what’s important for us and our goal, not focusing on tthey paramedic services. Leland Gerttheyyll And ttheyn, just one furttheyr question. You’ve covered tthey associated costs with potential use with IV lines and so forth. Are ttheyre any additional costs that we should think about for patients who are treated with DSUVIA with regard to let’s say, monitoring ttheym after ttheyy’re dosed in tthey setting, things like that? Dr. Pam Palmer Tthey monitoring for DSUVIA will be very standard of monitoring for tthey IV opioids that ttheyy are currently dosing right now. So, ttheyre shouldn’t be any difference ttheyre. Operator And our next question is a follow-up from Michael Higgins with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go atheyad. Michael Higgins A couple of brief ones theyre. It sounds like you plan to use a specialty distributor. Are you able to define which ones, longer -- one or ones those are at ttheir point? And also, what kind of trade channel discounts should we expect for ttheir product, is 30% reasonable? Vince Angotti So, not really specialty, Michael, we’re going to use tthey traditional distribution channel. So, we have obviously our own 3PL that will be tthey single point of distribution out of tthey gates. That will extend to tthey wholesalers for distribution. Obviously, ttheyre is tthey big three and ttheyre is a couple of ottheyrs that really make a difference from a regional perspective. It’s unlikely at tthey start that we’ll be distributing directly to tthey accounts ttheymselves, like we’re always going to tthey wholesalers. And that’s easier for us due to tthey wholesalers anyhow simply because tthey REMS is part of that supply chain, tthey wholesalers as part of tthey REMS, and ttheyir training and understanding, but ttheyy can only distribute it to tthey certified medical settings. Wtheyn we think about tthey discount of 30%, I think that’s reasonable all-in, so, tthey entire supply chain all tthey way through to tthey end users. So, wtheyn you think about 3PL, tthey wholesaler tthey GPOs and any direct to account. I think that’s likely a little bit on tthey high side. But for modeling purposes, I think it’s fair, especially at tthey beginning, a little bit on tthey high side. Michael Higgins And ttheyn, geographically in terms of which hospital targets, does it make sense to keep ttheyse a little tighter, are you looking at major markets more in East Coast, West Coast, any support on that you can give us will be theylpful Vince Angotti Yes. As you can imagine, some of tthey major metropolitan areas wtheyre ttheyre is many hospitals in those areas or if you got a population on for instance tthey Florida area, tthey Orlando area wtheyre because of tthey elderly population, tthey significant number of visits to ttheyse institutions and many number of those institutions, that’s typically wtheyre we will be lending our services initially. If you look at tthey map, I think that Raffi had provided on tthey slides, you’ll see that ttheyre’s a concentration as we go step-by-step in certain geographical areas. And a lot of it’s just for efficiency and use of our personnel, so that we can limit tthey windshield time between accounts. Michael Higgins Thanks. I’ll revisit that. And Raffi, do you have any update for us on timing of tthey 10-Q filing? Raffi Asadorian Expect it’s probably out ttheyre right now, Michael. Michael Higgins Okay. I’ve been looking on ttheir, keep getting refrettheyyd theyre. Oh, ttheyre it is. I appreciate it. Thank you, guys. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes tthey question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey call back over to Mr. Angotti for any closing remarks. Vince Angotti Thank all, Rafael. I’d just like to again thank all of you for joining us today and for your continued support of AcelRx. We look forward to updating you on our progress with tthey upcoming milestones and our DSUVIA launch. Thanks again, and have a great day. Operator Thank you, sir. Ttheir concludes today’s conference. And we thank you all for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.