AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q3 2017 Earnings Conference Call November 9, 2017 4:30 PM ET Executives Jane Wright-Mitctheyll - Chief Legal Officer Vince Angotti - CEO Pam Palmer - Chief Medical Officer Raffi Asadorian - CFO Analysts Randall Stanicky - RBC Capital Markets Michael Higgins - ROTH Capital Partners Ed Arce - H.C. Wainwright Operator Welcome to tthey AcelRx Third Quarter 2017 Conference Call. Ttheir call is webcast live on tthey event stage of tthey Investor section of AcelRx website at acelrx.com. Ttheir call is tthey sole property of AcelRx and any recording, reproduction or transmission of ttheir call without tthey express written consent of AcelRx is strictly prohibited.  As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. You may listen to tthey webcast replay of ttheir call by going to tthey investor section of AcelRx’s website.  I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Jane Wright-Mitctheyll, Chief Legal Officer. Please go atheyad. Jane Wright-Mitctheyll Thank you for joining us ttheir afternoon. Toda we reported our third quarter 2017 financial results in our press release. Tthey release and tthey slide presentation accompanying ttheir call are available in tthey investor section of our website.  With me today are Vince Angotti, our Chief Executive Officer; Pam Palmer, our Chief Medical Officer and Raffi Asadorian, our Chief Financial Officer. During ttheir call, we will make forward-looking statements about events and circumstances that have no yet occurred, including but not limited to tthey process and timing, anticipated future development of DSUVIA, known as ARX-04 outside of tthey United States, and ZALVISO, including AcelRx’s plan for meeting with tthey FDA and resubmission of DSUVIA and ZALVISO NDAs to gain approval in tthey US. Tthey scientific review and approval of tthey Marketing Authorization Application with tthey European Medicines Agency of ARX-04, tthey ttheyrapeutic and commercial potential of AcelRx’s product candidate including potential market opportunities for DSUVIA, ARX-04 and ZALVISO. And tthey company’s ability to continue its cash management plan to maintain a solid liquidity position and financial flexibility. And it’s projected cash flow.  Ttheyse statements are based on management’s current expectation and intheyrently involve significant risk and uncertainties. Actual results and timing of tthey events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. And as a result of ttheyse risks and uncertainties, which include without limitation, risks related to AcelRx product development programs and outcome of any regulatory reviews, tthey possibility that regulatory agencies could dispute or interpret differently tthey results AcelRx’s clinical trials, tthey accuracy of AcelRx’s estimate regarding expenses, capital requirements and tthey need for financing and ottheyr risks including those detailed in tthey company’s recent SEC filing and tthey Risk Factor section of its quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on August 2, 2017 and our quarter ended September 30, 2017 Form 10-Q which was filed earlier today.  AcelRx disclaims any obligation to update information contained in ttheyse forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. Please refer to tthey AcelRx SEC filings for a detailed discussion on tthey relevant risks and uncertainties.  I’ll now turn tthey call over to Vince Angotti. Vince. Vince Angotti Thanks, Jane. Good afternoon ad thank you for joining us today. AcelRx is a company that remains focused on providing physicians and patients with non-invasive pain management options from moderate to severe acute pain within medically supervised setting to tthey development of two key products, DSUVIA and ZALVISO. In brief mostly recently we reported tthey receipt of a CRL regarding our DSUVIA NDA. After diligent and thoughtful review of tthey CRL in consultation with outside experts, we have submitted our briefing both to tthey FDA, requesting a Type A meeting.  Pending tthey FDA’s calendar, we expect to have ttheir meeting prior to tthey end of tthey year, which should provide clarity on tthey resubmission pathway. At tthey beginning of tthey third quarter, we announced tthey completion of tthey successful phase 3 clinical trial for ZALVISO, and we remain on track to resubmit tthey ZALVISO NDA by year-end, but will do so after we have tthey DSUVIA Type A FDA meeting.  Throughout tthey quarter we prudently managed our cash flow to end tthey quarter in a solid cash position providing us with financial flexibility. Now on tthey call today ttheyre are three main topics we’ll cover; One, tthey DSUVIA CRL and our path to resubmission; Two, key milestones for tthey coming 12 months; and Three, highlights of tthey third quarter financial performance and tthey near-term cash flow outlook. Starting with topic one, although we were disappointed by tthey receipt of tthey DSUVIA CRL, we believe tthey recommendation presented by tthey agency are manageable. As a result, we’ve already taken steps outlining a path towards resubmission, specifically tthey first step towards resubmitting tthey DSUVIA NDA with tthey compilation of additional data to tthey briefing book of tthey company to tthey Type A meeting request which has been submitted to tthey agency.  Our goal is to have ttheir meeting before tthey end of tthey year. Again tthey outcome of tthey Type A meeting should provide more clarity on tthey DSUVIA NDA resubmission pathway.  As a reminder, tthey two primary recommendations within tthey CRL were first, while tthey FDA commented that tthey safety database was suitable in a number of patients, tthey collection of additional data was requested on at least 50 patients to access tthey safety of DSUVIA such that tthey maximum amount described in tthey proposed labeling. And second, to ensure proper administration of tthey tablet with tthey single-dose applicator or SDA. Tthey FDA recommended certain changes to tthey directions for use to be validated through a human factor study.  With regards to tthey FDA’s recommendation to furttheyr ensure proper administration of tthey DSUVIA tablets with tthey FDA, we’ve included in tthey briefing book proposed modifications to tthey directions for use and also proposed a human factor study protocol to validate ttheyse modifications. We hope to receive confirmation from tthey FDA during tthey Type A meeting as ttheyse changes address tthey recommendations in tthey CRL.  Now to address tthey topic of maximum dosing, we’ve gattheyred adverse events in sufentanil plasma concentration data for patients exposed to high cumulative doses of sufentanil sublingual tablets including those beyond tthey ttheyoretical maximum DSUVIA daily dosage. As a reminder DSUVIA is a TRN or an as needed medication, and tthey proposed DSUVIA label states that a single tablet is not to be dosed more frequently than once every 60 minutes from maximum available dose of 24 tablets in 24 hours. Ttheir additional data in conjunction with previously submitted data will be discussed with tthey agency as it relates to ttheyir recommendation in tthey CRL.  In addition, we’ve been attending conferences in tthey past several months with presentation with DSUVIA related clinical data. At tthey recent Anesttheysiology 2017 [conference] Symposium entitled Frontiers in Opioid Pharmacottheyrapy, we presented data regarding tthey favorable tolerability profile of DSUVIA for tthey most common adverse event were nausea, theyadactheys and vomiting. Tthey [core] efficacy and safety analysis of our DSUVIA clinical trials was recognized as a top abstract.  Now moving on to our second topic regarding anticipated highlights for tthey upcoming 12 months, ttheyre are a number of key regulatory milestones and catalysts tthey timing of which for tthey US are largely dependent upon tthey recommendations and information received from tthey Type A FDA meeting which is our first milestone. As previously stated, depending upon tthey FDA calendar, we anticipate ttheir meeting will take sometime around tthey end of ttheir year. Tthey second milestone is tthey potential resubmission of tthey DSUVIA and ZALVISO NDAs; tthey third, potential DSUVIA and ZALVISO advisory committee meetings; and fourth, potential PDUFA dates for DSUVIA and ZALVISO. Beyond tthey US milestones, tthey CHMP opinion for ARX-04 for which EMA has recently accepted tthey name DZUVEO for Europe is expected in tthey first half of 2018. Our immediate focus in on DSUVIA in tthey US and getting tthey NDA back on track. We’ll continue to concentrate on ttheir in tthey near term and will provide an update on timing after we receive more clarity from tthey FDA. So finally as a reminder ZALVISO is already approved in Europe and I want to highlight its recent performance. Our partner in Europe, Grunenthal continues to see increases in ZALVISO product demand with our enhanced focus on penetration through existing possible customers, plus yielding continued patient growth and we estimate close to 16,000 patient exposures of ZALVISO through tthey end of 2017.  Grunenthal’s commercial launch has also been instrumental in allowing us to better understand and plan our approach to commercial targeting in tthey go-to-market strategy for tthey US.  Now let me turn tthey call over to Raffi for our third topic, a review of our financial results in near-term cash flow outlook.  Raffi Asadorian Thanks Vince and good afternoon everyone. Tthey third quarter much like tthey previous quarter was managed conservatively from a financial perspective, as we did not ramp up commercial resources prior to tthey PDUFA date for DSUVIA. We will continue to manage our cash prudently to ensure we have adequate financial resources as we focus on updating approval for our two product candidates.  Moving on to tthey third quarter results, Q3 2017 revenues were $1.5 million, which primarily consisted of ZALVISO product sales to Grunenthal. Tthey total revenue decline of $1.9 million from Q3 2016 was attributed mainly to lower invoicing under our DSUVIA contract with tthey Department of Defense due to a lower amount of DSUVIA development related work in tthey quarter. We’ve recognized a total of $16.1 million in revenue under tthey current $17 million contract with tthey Department of Defense.  We ended tthey third quarter with $67.9 million in cash and cash equivalents, which was an increase $5.8 million over tthey second quarter of 2017. Tthey increase was mainly driven by tthey use of ATM facility to raise $13.1 million [net] of fees during tthey third quarter. We set out an objective to raise additional capital to ensure we ended tthey quarter with at least $65 million in cash, which we believe will provide us a solid quarter-end liquidity position.  Excluding tthey net proceeds from tthey ATM stock sales, tthey net cash outflow during tthey quarter was $7.3 million, which was lower than both tthey first and second quarters of ttheir year. Ttheir was mainly driven by our operating expenses or combined G&A and R&D expenses, which net of stock based compensation, were $7.4 million in tthey third quarter of 2017 declining from $8.1 million in tthey second quarter of 2017, and $7.8 million in tthey third quarter of 2016. Tthey declines were attributed to lower ZALVISO related development cost incurred in Q2 2017 and DSUVIA phase 3 trial cost in Q3 2016. Operating expenses were tthey main driver of our cash flow and will continue to be in tthey near term; particularly given a significant portion of European ZALVISO royalties and milestones was already monetized with PDL in 2015. Debt service in tthey third quarter was approximately 0.5 million which will increase in tthey coming quarter as our loan begins to amortize.  Looking forward, we expect our quarterly pre-commercialization and net cash burn to be in tthey $10 million to $11 million range depending upon tthey quarter, which includes anticipated cost related to certain regulatory activities and some pre-launch preparation costs. Tthey planned uptick from tthey third quarter is mainly due to tthey approximate $2 million of quarterly debt service in 2018 with approximately $4 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2017 due to tthey payment of a deferred fee to Hercules late in October. We will provide furttheyr cash flow guidance as needed upon obtaining clarity from tthey FDA on tthey timing of essential resubmission and approval.  With that let me turn tthey call back to Vince.  Vince Angotti Thanks Raffi. Just to summarize, our immediate focus is on tthey request to Type A meeting with tthey FDA, which means ttheir thing will be theyld before tthey end of tthey year. We believe we will have a clear path towards resubmission of tthey DSUVIA NDA after consultation with tthey FDA.  Finally, we continue to be prudent with our cash and to make furttheyr regulatory clarity before spending our commercial or ottheyr resources.  Now I’d like to open tthey line for any questions you may have. Operator Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Randall Stanicky from RBC Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst So first on tthey DSUVIA, I wanted to clarify exactly wtheyn you submitted your request for tthey Type A meeting, and wtheyn do you expect to provide an update around path forward? Would it be following tthey receipt of meeting minutes and if so, would you expect us to have that update kind of just towards tthey end of tthey year. I also saw that you intend to resubmit NDA result after tthey Type A meeting for DSUVIA. I understand that ttheir doesn’t necessarily imply any changes to timings since you had always said that you intend to submit it before year-end. But just wanted to understand why you wanted to wait until after tthey meeting for DSUVIA since presumably tthey issue with DSUVIA doesn’t have any read through with ZALVISO? Vince Angotti Let me see if can just start [collecting] those questions quickly. So I think tthey first one was wtheyn did we submit tthey Type A meeting request, tthey DSUVIA CRL. So that would have occurred ttheir week, and we got confirmation of receipt on it ttheir week.  Unidentified Analyst Okay, and would we receive an update following tthey receipt of meeting minutes? Vince Angotti Yes, that will be most likely simply because at that point you got confirmation of what was discussed in tthey meeting, and it would be dependable information moving forward that it’s been documented. Unidentified Analyst Got it.  Vince Angotti I think tthey final question you had was ZALVISO after tthey Type A meeting. Let me just be clear, we prepared tthey resubmission of tthey ZALVISO NDA. So we continue to stay focused on that track moving forward, but decided to hold on ttheir until after we applied for tthey FDA meeting regardless of DSUVIA. Just to be sure we’ve all available information before resubmitting. And while ttheyre isn’t clearly a read-through from tthey ZALVISO CRL to tthey DSUVIA CRL, we think it’s wise because of tthey common platform of sublingual sufentanil tablet to be sure we understand everything we can before submitting that or resubmitting that NDA. Operator Our next question comes from Roger (inaudible) with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst I have certain question theyre, tthey first one is, can you comment to what extend has tthey critical environment today come to relative to tthey decision DSUVIA. We know recently President Trump just declared a national emergency on opioids, and tthey doctor call it, always tthey first initiative is combating opioids crisis.  Vince Angotti Clearly we’re all aware of tthey political environment around tthey opioid epidemic in tthey US, and you would ask that we feel if that affected tthey decision for DSUVIA. We can’t comment as it relates to tthey FDA’s perspective or on that political environment and opioid epidemic in tthey US and wtheyttheyr that was directly relevant to tthey decision or commentary we received on DSUVIA. We believe tthey commentary was again focused on a scientific material that was supplied to ttheym.  As it relates to us, in particular, our position as it relates to our development program has not changed and that’s why we are addressing in tthey development program is moderate to acute pain in a medically supervised setting. That’s wtheyre tthey limitations stand with no interest in our products moving forward as it relates to tthey retail outlet that you might expect to typically see some of ttheyse opioids in, wtheyttheyr it be local chain like [CBS], Walmart or [Krogers]. To that end we also have no interest in growing tthey opioid market as it relates to our products. In tthey event that tthey medical professional under medical supervision has decided that tthey opioid is tthey proper class of medicine to address ttheyse moderate to acute pain patients in that possible plate setting. We believe we got a compelling alternative moving forward once that decision is already been made.  I hope that theylps answer tthey question Roger.  Unidentified Analyst Tthey next question is, so during tthey FDA, NDA review how far have you entered in to tthey label claims discussion regarding tthey DSUVIA with FDA? Vince Angotti As it relates to that question, let me comment on how it’s difficult to give a measurement. What I can comment to you is that tthey components within tthey CRL were not issues that we had discussed along tthey way.  Unidentified Analyst Last question, regarding tthey human factor study, usually you already requested tthey Type A meeting and you saw tthey external [conduct] and so could you provide some comment on tthey strategy how would you address ttheir human factor study.  Vince Angotti So as it relates to tthey human factor study, tthey strategy will not be that different than we had done before, ottheyr than tthey fact that making additional modifications to tthey directions for use and conduct data study theirtorically as we have for DSUVIA. And just to give you some theirtory of perspective, wtheyn we conducted tthey study for DSUVIA, tthey (inaudible) was in tthey neighborhood of about 45 participants and took less than a month to complete. Operator [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Michael Higgins with ROTH Capital Partners. Please go atheyad.  Michael Higgins I understand your age, you believe that safety is okay, and a certain unspecified number of patients weren’t taking DSUVIA, let’s say once per hour or at least that much. I guess that’s tthey first half of tthey question, you can comment on that. Tthey second half being, is ttheyre a potential to file or to seek approval with ttheir slightly different label, wtheyre as in (inaudible) patient study.  Pam Palmer Sure Michael, its Pam. Yes we believe that we have sufficient number of patients to address tthey dosing in tthey maximum range for DSUVIA. And regarding tthey label under which we would expect that information to come out of tthey meeting to have more clarity on it that post-CRL meeting with tthey FDA upon resubmission certainly wtheyn we get in to detailed labelled negotiations we’ll be talking about that.  Vince Angotti Michael you have to be specific as it relates to tthey dosing in tthey label or something ottheyr than that wtheyn you comment different label. Michael Higgins That was for my second question, but I’ll start up on ttheym theyre. I am trying to get a sense for how geared you are to keeping tthey proposed labeling as it is and ttheyre’s a number of way that could be changed. One of which is instead of tthey (inaudible) it could be every two hours. But I think so you could change ttheir by age which is not (inaudible) periods. And ttheyre’s ottheyr factor as well to fully adjust which you’re going forward rattheyr than run that 50 patient study. So I’m just trying to access how tightly you’re hanging on to your proposed labeling so far.  Vince Angotti Good question. Pam can continue to answer those.  Pam Palmer Sure. And I think we have had spoken (inaudible) about that since we had waited to change tthey label. One thing to keep in mind wtheyn you talk about changing it every two hours or something like that. We ran our efficacy study allowing 16 minutes in between dosing. So you don’t want to invalidate any of your efficacy studies. Also you don’t have any safety concerns with tthey dosing of our drug. And so tthey question is wtheyttheyr you impact or limit tthey dosing of a product wtheyn ttheyre is no safety signal dictating that limitation.  Ttheyse are all questions and discussion we will have with tthey FDA, but we do believe that we have sufficient data from tthey enrollment and both are DSUVIA and ZALVISO studies that bracket that (inaudible) will allow dosing and we believe we’ve got sufficient safety both in an effort to ttheyn profile and plasma concentration level of Sufentanil that we have submitted to tthey FDA. Michael Higgins So far theyre you’re right. It sounds like you don’t see a problem with your safety profile even with a dose every hour. Tthey FDA only would like to see more patients, more higtheyr end than what you’ve got. And we’re not sure what you have, but certainly it sounds like it’s not enough to satisfy tthey FDA. So we’re adjusting to look for more information of what you have and it doesn’t sound like you find any need to change its label, because what you’re looking at is demonstrating enough safety. Does that clear your [summary]?  Pam Palmer Yes, recently we submitted data, additional patients and to give us that sufficient database at higtheyr dosing amount. And we feel that is support of tthey hard label, but we will discussions with tthey FDA regarding tthey specific learning of tthey label.  Vince Angotti I think it’s important to understand that ttheyy have data from tthey original NDA that’s been reanalyzed within our submission of briefing book as well as new data that ttheyy have not previously had. So with that being said, I think ttheyre needs to ottheyr consideration and that’s what we’ll discuss with ttheym moving forward.  Michael Higgins One last one before I jump in to queue. Any pushback by age from tthey agency and tthey discussions with us.  Vince Angotti (inaudible) age. Michael Higgins Dosing by age, any differences ttheyre (inaudible) versus done by age.  Pam Palmer We’ve analyzed as one has to do for tthey integrated summary of safety in tthey NDA by different subgroups, and we feel very confident in our safety for a number of different (inaudible) gender age, BMI etcetera.  Vince Angotti And I would reiterate tthey comment I think we’ve made earlier and that tthey FDA did state tthey ups in tthey (inaudible) that tthey number of patients in tthey safety database was sufficient moving forward than with ttheir particular dose that ttheyy had a question about. Operator Next question from Ed Arce with H.C. Wainwright. Please go atheyad. Ed Arce Wondering if ttheyre’s has been a date set for you to meet with tthey agency, and if not wtheyn would you do expect to do so. And also if tthey study is ultimately being necessary, about how long do you think ultimately tthey [play] could be before you could refile. Thanks a lot.  Vince Angotti Well I’ll handle tthey first portion and Pam will handle tthey second portion. So we did comment earlier that we did submit tthey request for tthey Type A meeting and accompanying briefing book ttheir week. Tthey date has not been set, but we did receive a confirmation from tthey FDA that ttheyy received our materials.  Typically tthey guidelines were that ttheyy would provide a meeting to you based on tthey receiving of tthey request within 30 days. Clearly that’s our hope and goal, but it will depend on tthey FDA’s calendar. As it relates to tthey second and (inaudible) refer that one to Pam. Pam Palmer Surely, we can’t really speculate on tthey study design, what that study would look like, how longer it would take. It would be an extremely difficult study to even conduct given tthey nature of apparent dosing of ttheir drug. And again to reiterate, ttheyy did say that our safety database was suitable in number. So it’s not clear that ttheyre’s actually additional clinical study that is required. So we just feel very positive about tthey new analysis and new patient that we put togettheyr and we’re willing to put in to a new brief submission of tthey NDA. Ed Arce Perhaps one follow-up, if you perhaps could summarize your objective of tthey meeting with tthey FDA in to maybe two or three key things. What would be tthey optimal outcome you think of that meeting? Vince Angotti So if we don’t want to speak for tthey FDA and begin to communicate things before we’ve had a discussion with ttheym. But clearly and we said I think a number of times theyre, we believe tthey data that we submitted to ttheym both re-analysis of data in hand as well as new data could potentially satisfy tthey request or tthey (inaudible) number one that leads to maximum dosing.  Number two, we believe tthey human factor studies tthey one we connected to well and had a theirtory of doing that as it relates to DSUVIA. And so finally getting a career path on that is concrete and measurable moving forward, so that in collaboration with tthey FDA we actually have agreement on those next steps, as oppose to a neutral area.  Operator And we have time for one more question, and that’s a follow-up from Michael Higgins with ROTH Capital Partners. Please go atheyad. Michael Higgins Just wanted to follow-up regarding tthey human factor study in tthey dropped tablet. If tthey instructions were to state that tthey theyalthcare professional needed to stay in tthey room while tthey patient had that Nano tab under tthey [tongue], would that satisfy what tthey FDA is looking for? Vince Angotti Well I can comment to that, that wasn’t one of tthey suggestions ttheyy had communicated. Ttheyy clear (inaudible). And tangent to that tthey goal is to be sure that you observe tthey [patient] needs and at what stage. So to confirm observation and that will be tthey closest to it.  Michael Higgins And that’s already in tthey instruction for you, so that’s in addition to that?  Vince Angotti So without getting in to too many of tthey specifics as it relates to that, its highlighted more in a more pronounced fashion.  Operator And ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn tthey conference over to Vince Angotti for any closing remarks.  Vince Angotti Thanks Steven, and thank you for joining us today and for your continued support of AcelRx. We look forward to updating you on tthey continued progress with a regulatory path forward and tthey outcomes in tthey coming months, and/or softness in our approach and look forward to our meeting with tthey FDA. Thank you and have a great day.  Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect. 