Call Start: 16:30 January 1, 0000 5:19 PM ET AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q4 2018 Earnings Conference Call March 7, 2019, 4:30 pm ET Company Participants Raffi Asadorian - CFO Vince Angotti - CEO Pam Palmer - CMO Conference Call Participants Vincent Ryu - RBC Brandon Folkes - Cantor Fitzgerald Vamil Divan - Credit Suisse Ed Arce - H.C. Wainwright & Company Roger Song - Jefferies Michael Higgins - Ladenburg Thalmann David Buck - B.Riley FBR Leland Gerttheyyll - Oppentheyimer Operator Welcome to tthey AcelRx Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2018 Conference Call. Ttheir call is being webcast live on tthey Events page of tthey Investors section of AcelRx's website at acelrx.com. Ttheir call is tthey property of AcelRx and any recording, reproduction, or transmission of ttheir call without tthey express written consent of AcelRx is strictly prohibited. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. You may listen to a webcast replay of ttheir call by going to tthey Investors section of AcelRx's website. I would now like to turn tthey conference call over to Raffi Asadorian, AcelRx's Chief Financial Officer. Raffi Asadorian Thank you for joining us ttheir afternoon. Earlier today, we reported our fourth quarter and full-year 2018 financial results and provided an update of tthey commercial launch of DSUVIA in tthey press releases. Ttheir press releases and a slide presentation accompanying ttheir call are available in tthey Investors section of our website. With me today are Vince Angotti, our Chief Executive Officer and Dr. Pam Palmer, our Chief Medical Officer. Before we begin, I'll remind our listeners that during ttheir call, we will make forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Federal Securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, regarding tthey operations and future results of AcelRx. In addition to tthey Company's periodic, current and annual reports filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, please refer to tthey text of our press release, for a discussion of tthey risks associated with such forward-looking statements. I'll now turn tthey call over to Vince Angotti. Vince Angotti Thank you, Raffi. And thank you to everyone for joining us today. 2018 was a landmark year for AcelRx in which we successfully achieved all of our stated milestones. After 13 years of diligence and dedication to a mission focused on addressing opioid dosing errors in hospitals through tthey development of an innovative non-invasive treatment for acute pain, AcelRx successfully received its first U.S. product approval for DSUVIA in November. With tthey approval, AcelRx now has 14 orange book listed patents with exclusivity dates ranging from 2027 through 2031. While tthey approval of DSUVIA occurred just last quarter, our focus has quickly pivoted to commercialization, so DSUVIA's benefits to begin to be realized by theyalthcare systems, practitioners, and patients alike. Tthey disciplined commercial launch for DSUVIA has been well planned with a very experienced team with whom I worked with previously at two successful commercial companies. Through ttheyir efforts DSUVIA was available for shipment to wholesalers in tthey second half of February so just a couple of weeks ago. Today, I'll provide an update and status of our early commercial launch efforts including an update on supply chain activities, and ttheyn, Raffi, will provide an overview of our fourth quarter and 2018 financials and some updated expectations for 2019. At our Analyst Day in December, we hosted a robust discussion with several key opinion leaders involved in tthey treatment of acute pain wtheyre ttheyy discussed tthey current unmet need in hospitals and expressed enthusiasm for tthey ability to treat ttheyir patients with DSUVIA. On ttheir day, we also laid out our launch plans and I'm pleased to say that we're eittheyr on or atheyad of sctheydule. First, let me provide some color and share our excitement on how tthey first few weeks of our DSUVIA launch have progressed. In late January, we completed tthey first wave of hiring, training, and deployment of 15 hospital Account Managers to educate theyalthcare practitioners. Our highly experienced hospital team has on average 20 years of pharmaceutical sales experience, and more importantly, 14 years of successful hospital pharmaceutical sales experience in ttheyir AcelRx territories. Hospital sales is a process and tthey first gate of a successful hospital launch is to be approved on a hospital formulary which allows theyalthcare professionals to use tthey product within ttheyir respective hospital, emergency room, or surgery center. To gain hospital formulary status generally, a P&T Committee or Pharmacy & Ttheyrapeutics Committee reviews and studies tthey products benefits both clinical and economic to determine if and how tthey hospital will allow use of tthey product. Tthey process and timing for formulary adoption is different from hospital to hospital and can take as little as three months or up to as long as one year in extreme cases. In our planning, we assume an average of six months to get on formulary across our launch targets. We expect to give quarterly updates on our hospital formulary wins during our launch period which will provide an initial indication of launch progress. During our Investor and Analyst Day in December 2018, we provided an expectation of 100 hospital formulary wins by tthey end of 2019. After just a few weeks in tthey field, based on tthey level of interest we're seeing in DSUVIA, we're increasing ttheir expectation to 125 hospital formulary wins by tthey end of tthey year. Hospitals interested in adopting DSUVIA on formulary are diverse including university or teaching hospitals, community hospitals, and independent ambulatory surgical centers. As a result of tthey early level of interest in DSUVIA, and with tthey backdrop of tthey continuing IV opioid shortage and its impact on theyalthcare systems, we plan to accelerate tthey hiring of tthey next wave of 25 hospital account managers to Q3 2019 from tthey originally planned Q4 2019. In addition to tthey positive early indicators from our hospital account sales team's efforts, our market access team has made significant progress with wholesaler distribution, hospital GPO contracts, and tthey Department of Defense. To-date, we've executed contracts with GPOs covering about 80% of our initial launch target hospitals. Our plans to close on tthey remaining key GPO contracts, increasing our coverage to more than 90% of tthey DSUVIA launch targets during tthey course of ttheir year. We've also completed contracting with key wholesalers that'll be tthey main direct purchasers of DSUVIA for distribution to hospitals. Our first shipments of DSUVIA to wholesale customers were completed as planned in tthey second half of February. Tthey wholesale acquisition cost or list price for each DSUVIA single dose applicator or SDA was $58.31. DSUVIA sold in a carton containing 10 FDAs. We expect tthey gross to net sales percentage as previously communicated is 35% which accounts for tthey various discounts, rebates, and fees expected to be paid along tthey supply chain. We continue to be appreciative of tthey support offered by tthey U.S. Department of Defense, would provided over $20 million of funding for tthey development of DSUVIA. As we previously communicated military personnel, military treatment facilities, tthey Veterans Administration hospitals, and ottheyr qualifying Federal Healthcare Agencies were all potential customers. Our primary focus in year one would be to support military personnel within tthey branctheys of tthey military and patients receiving care at military treatment facilities. Tthey VA and ottheyr federal agencies are expected to be a focus in year two. In addition to our commercial launch, we're making some important changes to our operations and supply chain laying tthey foundation for long-term success. All our production and assembly for DSUVIA as well as for Zalviso for our European partner Grunenthal is outsourced to contract manufacturers. Tthey packaging of DSUVIA, tthey most costly component of production is currently semi-automated a process which we expect to continue used for anottheyr 12 to 15 months. And while ttheir provides sufficient capacity to meet our short-term needs, we expect tthey transfer packaging of DSUVIA to a new fully automated line later ttheir year with qualified commercial product available mid-2020. We're in tthey final stages of selecting a contract manufacturer to house and operate tthey new automated line which is an annual single ship capacity of 10 million units allowing flexibility to increase production as required. Tthey unit cost of producing DSUVIA is expected to decline for more than 60% upon tthey implementation of ttheir fully automated packaging line. Ttheir reduction in cost also has a significant beneficial impact on our ex-U.S. strategy with potential partners due to tthey lower expected pricing of DSUVIA outside tthey U.S. With regards to tthey ex-U.S. licensing opportunities, we remain in discussions with tthey potential partners in both Europe and ottheyr ex-U.S. territories and tthey planned manufacturing cost reductions are expected to benefit any transaction. We're also in tthey process of changing contract manufacturers for Zalviso. Currently we're only producing and supplying Zalviso to our European partner, Grunenthal. Tthey reason for tthey transfer to a new contract manufacturer is to consolidate tthey production of tthey different components of Zalviso to realize significant cost savings. Tthey realization of tthey full-cost savings from ttheir transfer will likely not begin until tthey end of 2020. And with regards to Zalviso NDA, we're confident we have sufficient data to respond to tthey CRL including safety data from Zalviso used in Europe. However given tthey current environment we believe having DSUVIA REMS reports and additional Zalviso European clinical data will be beneficial demonstrating AcelRx's compliance with and effectiveness of tthey DSUVIA REMS program prior to an expected Zalviso FDA Advisory Committee meeting will provide additional support for Zalviso safe use. Our first year of DSUVIA REMS reporting will be submitted by November. In addition, later ttheir year, we're expecting results from a multi-national prospective study on Zalviso use throughout Europe from our partner Grunenthal. Specifically, ttheir study is evaluating tthey efficacy, safety, usability, and theyalth economics of Zalviso for tthey management of acute, moderate, severe post-operative pain. As a reminder, Zalviso has been approved and used in post-operative patients across Europe since 2016 with no concerning safety signals. And we realize tthey additional data may be more than what was requested in tthey Zalviso CRL and furttheyr delays or NDA resubmission. However in tthey present climate, we believe ttheir is prudent. In addition ttheir allows us to fully focus on our most important value driver, a successful DSUVIA launch. Finally, DSUVIA has been mentioned in tthey media quite a bit since tthey positive advisory committee board recommending approval. More often than not, ttheyse media communications perpetuate incorrect and misleading statements about DSUVIA and its potential for misuse. Again to clarify tthey facts, DSUVIA is only indicated for acute pain and is approved for use only in medically supervised settings and administered only by a theyalthcare professional in ttheyse settings. Secondly, DSUVIA is not 1,000 times more potent in morphine or powerful than morphine is dose adjusted to be equivalent to approximately five milligrams of IV morphine which is common dose administered for acute pain in tthey hospital. And finally, while any diversion or misuse is unacceptable, to put it in perspective according to tthey most recently publittheyyd government data, opioids stolen from a theyalthcare setting comprise only 0.5% of misused opioids in ttheir country. Before turning tthey call over to Raffi, it's important to reiterate that we take a responsibility under tthey DSUVIA awareness program very seriously. We'll be auditing tthey certified theyalthcare settings and wholesalers that purchase DSUVIA for compliance with our REMS. We believe that demonstrating our responsible adtheyrence to tthey REMS can be a positive example of proper industry practices moving forward. Raffi will now take you through tthey financials. Raffi Asadorian Thank you, Vince. We ended 2018 with $105.7 million in cash and short-term investments. During tthey fourth quarter, we raised a total of $53.4 million through tthey issuance of equity to fund our commercial launch of DSUVIA. Excluding tthey issuance of equity, our net cash outflow for tthey fourth quarter was $11.3 million which was below tthey cash burn guidance previously provided. Tthey main driver of ttheir net cash outflow was our operating expenses or combined R&D and G&A expenses, which during tthey quarter was $10.4 million or $9.2 million excluding stock-based compensation. Tthey increase over tthey third quarter 2018 was attributed to tthey preparation for tthey commercial launch in tthey second half of February of ttheir year. Debt service during tthey quarter was $2.3 million which is attributed to our senior secured debt as currently amortizing. Tthey amount of senior debt due at tthey end of 2018 was $12 million. Collaboration agreement revenue under tthey agreement with our European Partner Grunenthal was $1.3 million in 2018 and is not expected to significantly change in 2019. As a reminder, ttheyse collaboration revenues do not have a significant impact on our cash flows in tthey near-term since a majority of Europeans Zalviso royalties and milestones were already monetized with PDL in 2015. Now that we've initiated our DSUVIA launch, I will now provide some guidance for 2019. As Vince already mentioned, given tthey interest we're seeing in DSUVIA we've increased our expected formulary wins from 100 hospitals to 125 hospitals by tthey end of tthey year. We plan to provide updates on formulary wins on each quarterly call as an initial indication of how tthey launch is progressing and how DSUVIA is being accepted in medically supervised settings. Ttheir is only tthey first gate and orders and reorders will become more important metrics as tthey launch matures. Tthey WACC or list price of DSUVIA is $58.31 and our estimated gross to net sales percentage remains unchanged at 35%. We've seen solid interest from institutions in DSUVIA and we plan to accelerate our hiring to better manage ttheir level of interest. However we continue to take a measured approach as it's very early in tthey launch, and as mentioned, formulary acceptance and changing tthey habits of theyalthcare practitioners takes time. With tthey commercialization, we expect an increase in our operating expenses or combined SG&A and R&D expenses in 2019. Excluding stock-based compensation, we expect our quarterly cash operating expenses to be in tthey $13 million to $16 million range depending upon tthey quarter. Garyual debt service will approximate $9 million. Our senior debt is currently amortizing until maturity in March 2020. And finally, our capital expenditures for tthey year are expected to be in tthey range of $5 million to $7 million which is principally attributed to tthey new high volume packaging line that will be installed at our contract manufacturer later ttheir year. With that, let me turn tthey call back over to Vince. Vince Angotti Thanks, Raffi. So to summarize, last year was transformational for AcelRx, as we have now become a commercial focused company with tthey recent launch of DSUVIA. It cannot be more enthusiastic about tthey outlook for AcelRx as DSUVIA represents a truly innovative, efficient, and effective non-invasive treatment for acute pain. We'll be presenting at several upcoming conferences including Oppentheyimer later ttheir month in New York and I look forward to continuing to keep investors updated on our progress. I'd now like to open tthey line up for any questions you might have. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Ladies and gentlemen, at ttheir time we will begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from Randall Stanicky from RBC. Please go atheyad with your question. Vincent Ryu Hi, ttheir is Vincent Ryu on for Randall. Congrats on tthey launch so far. It sounds like you've come out of tthey gate strong given tthey initial color around 2019. Can you elaborate a little bit furttheyr on tthey initial indications of interest you've seen in hospitals i.e. what kind of feedback are you getting from docs and do you think that ttheir greater than expected initial interest is being driven by tthey ongoing IV opioid shortage and are you expecting kind of any acceleration in getting in front of P&T committees from ttheir shortage? Thanks. Vince Angotti Yes, thanks, Vincent for tthey question. So I'll handle that. So I think ttheyre's a couple of components to that. One is who's been tthey main champion thus far with tthey institutions wtheyre ttheyre is interest, it depends on tthey institution but it's included Directors of Pharmacy, sometimes pharm Ds who actually dedicate -- dedicated to a certain departments for instance emergency rooms. We've had tthey Heads of Anesttheysiology departments, ER physicians, and sometimes all tthey above in any particular institution. Tthey top reasons really for tthey early indicators of DSUVIA interest universally ttheyre's tthey obvious one that everyone has a population of patients in particular in tthey ER who are difficult to stick. So I would say that's tthey common denominator among ttheym all. ER physicians often see it as a replacement for patients who only need tthey IV for tthey administration of an opioid for acute pain and no ottheyr reason. So again fundamentally a very obvious population for DSUVIA. Beyond that tthey anesttheysiologists at least as it relates tthey feedback to us see a need for post-op patients in tthey PACU, with IVs has been removed but still need pain control prior to discharge. So ttheyre's tthey efficiency as it relates to that discharge and tthey economics to tthey hospital and comfort for that patient. And ttheyn ttheyre's ottheyr things that we've seen throughout that have actually been brought up to us. While ttheyy see it as an option for patients being in acute pain during physical ttheyrapy as ttheyy need to ambulate and try to recuperate from joint surgeries. It's important to get tthey mobile for better discharge success rates but ttheyre's pain associated with that and ttheyy can't certainly can't do ttheyir exercises with an IV line in, it's also been communicated to us that ttheyre might be an interest for burn patients who have come up often as ttheyy need to address acute pain during potential dressing changes. So ttheyse are some of tthey indications of tthey interest in why thus far. Does that theylp answer your question? Vincent Ryu Yes. And just one follow-up. Can you talk a little bit about tthey strategy to target tthey military treatment facilities and I know you've talked before about tthey concentration of patient volumes ttheyre. How quickly can you ramp ttheyse facilities. And I think before you had also mentioned that you could see orders kind of in tthey second half of tthey first quarter. So have you seen those orders already and how lumpy will that segment kind of be? Vince Angotti Yes. So just one thing I did mention on your previous question was IV opioids and is tthey shortage driving reviews. And ttheyn I'll talk about tthey DoD theyre for a moment. Ttheyre continues to be feedback off across tthey country that tthey IV opioid shortage is a challenge just about every hospital we've gone into is aware of it. I think it theylps accelerate interest in tthey review process for tthey P&T committees. It's not tthey sole reason but it certainly is top of mind wtheyre ttheyy need alternatives to tthey current standards of care. So I do think it's an enhancement. For tthey Department of Defense we're thrilled that our military now be able to use DSUVIA. We know it's a priority project for tthey Department of Defense. Our federal accounts team with whom I've worked with ttheym at AdCom is establittheyyd and active in understanding with DoD and ottheyr U.S. government needs. Different groups within each of tthey branctheys of tthey military are currently reviewing ttheyir specific needs. Now what do I mean by different branctheys, it might be special ops, it might be tthey military treatment facilities, it might be tactical casualty care combat et cetera. But we can't provide order expectations or tthey details of that. Each has ttheyir own protocol review in order and ttheyy're in tthey process of reviewing those protocols, includes tthey REMS, and how tthey order amounts et cetera. And we certainly respect ttheyir confidentialities with ttheyir protocol and review processes. I can tell you we're engaged with ttheym and ttheyy certainly have an interest moving forward. Vincent Ryu Got it. Thank you. Vince Angotti You're welcome. Thank you for tthey question. Operator Our next question comes from Brandon Folkes from Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go atheyad with your question. Brandon Folkes Hi, thanks for taking my question and congratulations on tthey launch as well. So in terms of tthey formulary wins goal, can you theylp us think through tthey progression that we may see throughout tthey year given that you're increasing tthey goal certainly in tthey launch. Is it safe to assume you have some good visibility wtheyre we could actually see a fixed number of formulary wins in tthey first half of tthey year? And ttheyn maybe just following on from that or perhaps a leading indicator I don't know you mentioned on tthey call. But can you give us an update on how many accounts or even if it's just qualitatively or have signed up for tthey REMS program? Thank you. Vince Angotti Yes. From tthey REMS, I can't give you specific number but ttheyre have been some institutions that have already signed up even prior to ttheyir final P&T decisions. So hopefully that's a positive lead indicator. As it relates to tthey formularies, yes, look I was a hospital rep, I was military rep throughout my career and I know it's a process and it takes time. We're just thrilled with tthey fact that champions have stepped up to tthey plate within ttheyse hospitals because ttheyy certainly see tthey need for ttheyir institution and patient care with ttheir alternative to tthey IV opioids. And by championing that ttheyy need to take it to tthey P&T and get dates confirmed and we started to see a pretty steady set of dates throughout tthey second quarter or even parts of tthey first quarter into tthey second quarter moving forward. So a little earlier for some of ttheyse institutions that we -- than we expected. I think what's exciting to us is tthey mix of institutions, you've got teaching institutions or hospitals that clearly have very specific review processes with multiple P&T committee members and expertise within those hospitals and ttheyy're part of those early formulary reviews throughout now in tthey second quarter. Brandon Folkes Great, thank you very much. Vince Angotti That theylps, Brandon. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Vamil Divan from Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad with your question. Vamil Divan Great, thanks for taking my questions. So just a couple, you mentioned in your remarks. Certainly ttheyre is obviously a lot of attention in tthey media on DSUVIA's approval. I know ttheyre was some requests from some lawmakers from tthey FDA but more documentation around tthey decision. Can you just sort of share what you're theyaring from your side in terms of sort of pushback from tthey government or ottheyr officials around ttheir approval and maybe insight into tthey P&T committee. Have you seen any sort of resistance given as an opioid, new opioid has been approved or ttheyy really just looking at tthey facts more clearly around tthey differentiation that ttheir product might provide. So just a little bit of perspective on what you're seeing and theyaring around those controversies would be theylpful. Vince Angotti Yes, that's a great question, Vamil. So we’re certainly aware of tthey news media around opioids in general and around DSUVIA and how it may sometimes be misrepresented. And we are certainly concerned as tthey public in United States about tthey issue with opioid addiction and particularly those available in tthey retail outlets for chronic use and we support tthey FDA stance on trying to curb that moving forward however that might be in tthey coming months and years. With that said, at tthey local level, wtheyn we're speaking to tthey institutions and theyalthcare practitioners ttheyy're solely focused on tthey science and tthey need for it within ttheyir relative institutions, how it might be able to benefit patient care and efficiencies in ttheyir hospitals. Not for everyone but ttheyy certainly see it in particular circumstances wtheyre it can have an impact. So it's been nice to see for us that tthey focus has been on tthey science and tthey patient with ttheyse institutions that are proper candidates for a product like DSUVIA. Vamil Divan Okay, thanks. And ttheyn maybe just one ottheyr separate question, you mentioned you've been shipping to wholesalers. Can you just elaborate on sort of shipment patterns and so wtheyn you'll be recognizing revenues, just to clarify that how to model? Raffi Asadorian Yes, we're not going to comment on kind of intra quarter stuff but we will recognize revenue upon shipments to tthey wholesalers. But in terms of levels and amounts of orders, we'll be doing that on our each of tthey quarterly calls beginning with tthey first quarter call. Operator Your next question comes from Ed Arce from H.C. Wainwright & Company. Please go atheyad with your question. Ed Arce Hi Vince, thanks for taking my question and congrats on tthey early launch seems like things are going well so far. A couple of questions from me. As you just alluded to earlier, you're right out of tthey gate raising your formulary wins for tthey full-year and I'm wondering as you've gotten feedback from various P&T committee meetings across tthey different types of facilities, what kind of feedback are you getting from those consistently that that ttheyy're saying is some of tthey key benefits in ttheyir view and perhaps any potential challenges that ttheyy may also have mentioned. And ttheyn separately from that very early days I'm sure in terms of tthey actual use of tthey product but are you theyaring any feedback yet from administering physicians or nurses and how ttheyy may like tthey use of tthey product? Thanks a lot. Vince Angotti Yes, thanks for tthey second half of tthey question, Ed, and thank you for it. It's a little too early to get that feedback. Ttheyy're still going mainly through tthey review process and tthey formulary discussions. But as you mentioned with P&T feedback, I'll communicate areas wtheyre again ttheyy feel that it can benefit ttheyir particular institutions. Again tthey most obvious population which ttheyy all communicate to us, ttheyy have a segment up or it's difficult to stick patients to particularly in tthey ER as well as those ER patients that have a need for IV opioid administration and no ottheyr reason for tthey IV line. Those again are tthey most fundamental, common communications to us from that segment. I think what's been more surprising to us, I don't know if surprising is tthey best word is tthey PACU and post-Op wtheyre tthey anesttheysiologists are telling us ttheyy'd like to get tthey line out in tthey recovery room after surgery and oftentimes tthey pain again occurs and ttheyy can't discharge without having tthey proper level of pain control and comfort for that patient. And tthey last thing ttheyy tell us ttheyy like to do is to reinsert a line and ttheyy feel that DSUVIA is tthey proper fit for those particular patients to theylp alleviate that pain, get ttheym stabilized and move ttheym out without having to reinsert that line for those patients. Tthey patients don't like a line reinsertion eittheyr. So that's come up more often than I think we anticipated, unsolicited from tthey accounts back to us. I hope that gives you a little bit of color. Ed Arce Yes, that's fine. Thank you, Vince. Vince Angotti Thanks Ed. Operator Our next question comes from Roger Song from Jefferies. Please go atheyad with your question. Roger Song Hey Vince, Raffi, thank you for taking my questions and a congrats on tthey early launch of DSUVIA. So maybe just two questions from me. So one is you mentioned hospital formulary will be tthey key metrics you'll track quarterly, Raffi mentioned a little bit about order, reorder and just can you remind us what will be tthey key launch metrics you will track and what we can expect its monthly or quarterly basis? Vince Angotti Yes, I think on a quarterly basis, tthey primary initially is tthey positive formulary acceptances because unless you have those, ttheyy likely will not be able to order tthey product or use it within tthey facility for each of ttheyir respective members. As time goes on -- and that'll be updated on a quarterly basis. As time goes on I think what's important is formularies are one aspect but tthey second aspect is what ttheyy've actually begun utilization and tthey adoption of tthey product for specific patient populations within that institution. So tthey initial order and as we get later in tthey year time to reorder, I think will make a difference to understand if ttheyre's repetitive use and if it's found its nicthey on a routine manner. And you think you'll see those orders and reorders more towards tthey second half of tthey year than tthey first half of tthey year and again on a quarterly basis. Roger Song Got it, thank you. So next question is, seems to you of course you are focusing on tthey launching in tthey U.S. for DSUVIA. I was just curious have you kind of start a conversation discussion about ex-U.S. partnership that process kind of accelerated a little bit as you launch DSUVIA in tthey U.S.? Vince Angotti Yes, as we stated, Roger, we're still in discussions with some partners -- with some potential partners for tthey -- for our European licensing opportunities. Tthey U.S. launch really does not have an impact on Europe or any of tthey ex-U.S. territories. So we remain in discussions. Tthey biggest opportunity and I think we've said ttheir before, tthey biggest opportunity for us is bringing tthey cost down of production for DSUVIA because in Europe tthey pricing is so much lower and it has a much, much more important impact on tthey business in Europe. And now as we're getting close to agreeing with a contract manufacturer, once we have that finalized and at a cost of production that is much more conducive for that European environment we believe that's going to have a beneficial impact on getting a deal done ttheyre. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Higgins from Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go atheyad with your question. Michael Higgins Thanks and congratulations guys on tthey early launch and successes so far. A couple of questions if I could, we see ttheir primarily as tthey emergency department drug but it sounds like you're having some success upstairs we're picking roughly 80% of revenues coming from emergency departments but I'm not so certain of that anymore and theyaring your comments on tthey PACU and different opportunities upstairs? I don't hold you to a specific percent but if you can give us some color as to wtheyre you think tthey use will come in 2019 and ttheyn 2020 and tthey future years, is it still to be considered primarily emergency department products or more widespread throughout tthey hospital? Vince Angotti So thanks Michael for tthey question. Yes, I think we always had an anticipation that upstairs, I think as you term it would have potential for tthey product in certain circumstances. I think what's been interesting to us is tthey feedback unsolicited from tthey anesttheysiologist wtheyre ttheyy see it especially fitting with a ERAS protocol moving forward for early or for proper discharge timing of ttheyse patients. So nothing's really changed versus our expectation ottheyr than tthey feedback until you're out ttheyre and you actually get it face-to-face with customers that haven't been involved all along. It's nice to theyar wtheyre ttheyy see tthey position for it moving forward. From a percentage, it’d be tough to give you like I want to emphasize it's early but tthey early indicators certainly have been a positive acceptance moving forward. And those two areas have always been a focus for us, ER and post-Op. I think what is most interesting to us even beyond that is some of tthey more vocal people in tthey hospitals that we've called on to-date are tthey anesttheysiologists and while ttheyy have some impact in tthey ER, ttheyy certainly have an impact in tthey post-Op world. I know Pam if you have any additional color to add. I might add that Pam has actually been in tthey field from speaking with potential customers, I have as well. So it comes from tthey sales team but it also comes from firsthand discussions with customers. Pam Palmer Yes, I mean that's absolutely emergency room and PACU is our focus and it's sort of wtheyre tthey obvious fit. But we've always said from tthey very beginning wtheyn we developed ttheir drug that once we can get into tthey hospitals, we will act ttheyy will figure out wtheyre it best works for ttheym, so wtheyttheyr it's a burn unit, surprisingly we've had a lot of interest in intensive care units from intensivists which are usually anesttheysiologists. Because even though ttheyy already have lines in, those are dedicated lines, ttheyir minds free to blood products or what have you. So ttheyy actually try to do as much as ttheyy can non-invasively. And as Vince mentioned, ERAS, which stands for Enhanced Recovery After Surgery is a huge movement that's really gaining traction theyre in tthey U.S. as well as Europe. And that's really trying to minimize routes of administration are invasive, to trying to get out tthey IV's, get out tthey needs of gastric tube, get out tthey urinary cattheyters to avoid tettheyring ttheyse people down and creating more infection risk. So DSUVIA fits right along with that and while we do believe ER and PACU are main markets, ttheyre will be interesting infiltration I think into ttheyse ottheyr areas. Michael Higgins Great, it’s theylpful. Thanks. And Vince thanks for tthey update on tthey timing of tthey reps. Looks like you're moving that forward a bit. Are you still looking for 60 reps by middle of 2020? Any insights you can provide peak number in 2020 would be theylpful. Thanks. Vince Angotti Yes, we're going to remain focused or Michael we're going to remain focused on our disciplined approach moving forward. So while we're bringing tthey second wave of sales representatives up a bit earlier just one quarter into tthey third quarter, we haven't made any changes to tthey peak number of reps at 60 in tthey following year. We want to stay measured in our approach. We don't want to get atheyad of ourselves. It's still early in tthey launch. And those are tthey goals that we're going to continue to focus on. Thanks for your question. Thanks Mike. Michael Higgins Thanks, Vince. Sure. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from David Buck from B.Riley FBR. Please go atheyad with your question. David Buck Yes, thanks and good afternoon. So my questions have been answered but a couple of quick ones. First I guess for Vince, can you talk about wtheyttheyr or not I know you got wholesaler shipment and you just had tthey official launch a couple of weeks ago. Have you actually had any formulary wins so far in tthey hospitals? I know you're in tthey GPOs and you shipped to wholesalers but have you had any actual wins at hospital level. And anottheyr question more on tthey process of getting to 125 is your goal. What have you seen so far as tthey biggest pushback is it tthey cost versus generically available albeit in shortage IV opioids or what's tthey biggest push that you're theyaring in initial conversations? Thanks. Vince Angotti Hi, David. Thanks for tthey question. We're not going to provide inter-quartile updates as it relates to formulary or orders moving forward, we'll get those on each quarterly call. But as it relates to tthey biggest pushback, cost hasn't been I think what's also been very revealing is we have an account management team that goes and to talks about tthey contract even if ttheyy want to do something supplemental to GPO. Ttheyse hospitals know ttheyir costs at least communicated to us. So what we've communicated in previous publittheyyd studies, tthey cost of an initial IV insertion for an IV opioid administration. Ttheyy know ttheyir costs and ttheyy know ttheym down to tthey detail. And we were very careful in tthey pricing of DSUVIA through some significant research and work with our customers so that at tthey current WACC price, even if a second dose had to be administered, it wouldn't be a significant obstacle for ttheyse hospitals to adopt it. Tthey biggest challenge for us is just timing. So I wouldn't call tthey pricing pushback but tthey biggest thing is timing and being sure that you get on tthey calendars. I'll give you an example. You're often at tthey mercy of tthey physician's time in need for that day, a P&T Committee maybe meeting that day but if we have a surgeon and we've had ttheir happen. Who's your champion presenting to tthey P&T and ttheyy get called into an emergency surgery, you may have lost that day. So it's really about tthey calendarizing and tthey organization of it. We take a very methodical sequence of approach. Well our hospital account managers are typically tthey first line of entry and introduction. Ttheyy're often followed with a medical science liaison to get deeper into tthey clinical who's often followed by an Accounts Manager talking about tthey various economic impacts with tthey hospital based off of that hospital's unique expenses associated with tthey procedure that might be relative to DSUVIA. And once all that's done, ttheyn ttheyy package it in tthey Director's pharmacy, tthey physician champion, and tthey P&T Committee will review. So it just remains a process. Ttheyre hasn't been one common variable that I could tell you is tthey one we theyar most often as it relates to in our position. It is early days, but that's tthey feedback. David Buck Yes. And have you had any actual feedback on pricing that's basic sensible in terms of what's been tthey feedback on pricing with tthey WACC price? Vince Angotti Yes, exactly, we said it's acceptable and realizing that ttheyy're going to get, that's not tthey price ttheyy pay. That's what was important to get tthey GPOs completed early, so ttheyy'll have access to tthey product at a discounted rate based off of tthey GPO ttheyy're associated with. And some of ttheym in those discussions maybe one will call bilateral agreements wtheyre tthey discounting may be more significant than what ttheyy even get off tthey GPO but those are typically tthey larger volume hospitals, teaching institutions, significant residents programs et cetera who typically get those kinds of discounts from most companies. All that by tthey way, it's been considered within our gross to net. I hope that theylps, David. David Buck It did, thank you. Yes. Vince Angotti You're welcome. Operator Our next question comes from Leland Gerttheyyll from Oppentheyimer. Please go atheyad with your question. Leland Gerttheyyll Hi Vince and team, thanks for taking my question. Most of my questions have been answered already. And thank you for tthey update on tthey formulary guidance. Wanted to ask I know it's early days but if you're getting any reads on repeat use of DSUVIA versus what may be single use depending on tthey patient in variety of settings you might see patients just getting one DSUVIA or perhaps anottheyr as you might see patients getting one in an hour or two later anottheyr one. Is ttheyre any commentary you can provide on how you're seeing kind of multiplicity of dosing play out in tthey field as you've been getting into marketing? Thanks. Vince Angotti Yes, hi Leland. It's much too early for that feedback. I'll remind you that tthey sales teams only been out ttheyre for a month, tthey products only been available for order for a couple of weeks. So it's much too early for that. It's more about tthey reviews right now, how ttheyy plan on using it and wtheyttheyr it will be a repeat dose or not that will happen over time as ttheyy actually have real utilization. Raffi Asadorian And I do think that that Leland that that information is going to be more anecdotal because that's going to be difficult data to get on how many doses per patient. But we'll certainly be interested in getting that anecdotal information from our team that's out in tthey field. Leland Gerttheyyll All right. Thanks. And also tthey PACU interest was also interesting to theyar about. I wanted to ask about if you could remind us tthey monitoring requirement after dosing for DSUVIA, how long patients have to be monitored. Vince Angotti Great, great question. Pam will handle that. Pam Palmer Yes, each hospital has ttheyir own standard protocols for monitoring. I mean tthey one thing I'm excited about with DSUVIA is just tthey rapid absorption. I mean we know within 30 minutes that tthey plasma levels are already 75% of tthey maximal levels that ttheyy're going to achieve. And we also know because of ttheyse very rapid blood to brain collaboration that that effect has also been real time transmitted to tthey brain. So you're not going to see ttheir delayed adverse event, you're not going to see that because of tthey quick uptake and quick onset but also tthey lack of active metabolites. So for lots of reasons each hospital have to evaluate and come up with ttheyir own sort of standard operating procedures for time to discharge around DSUVIA. But ttheyre's reasons to believe it could be in fact shorter than furttheyr opioids. Operator Next question is a follow-up from Ed Arce from H.C. Wainwright. Please go atheyad with your follow-up. Ed Arce Great, thanks for taking tthey questions. So I just wanted to follow-up on a point you had made earlier, Vince, wtheyre given tthey present climate in tthey U.S. around tthey opioid abuse crisis and you made a point about how demonstrating AcelRx's compliance with tthey REMS and that includes not only training but auditing ttheyse facilities as well as each of tthey theyalthcare professionals and ttheyn a first report in November of ttheir year. And I'm wondering if how you see tthey benefit of any information or data that could come to light from that report or ottheyr things that could be theylpful or beneficial to you for eittheyr DSUVIA or even Zalviso? Thank you. Vince Angotti Yes, it's a good question. I'll let Pam comment a little bit on tthey details of tthey auditing program and ttheyn I'll comment on how I think it'll be beneficial moving forward. Pam Palmer Yes. So we have first REMS report six months after approval. So six months after November 2nd and ttheyn we have our full-year one due on November 2nd of ttheir year and that's not only what we're sort of seeing in tthey field as far as auditing sites and obviously auditing or wholesalers and distributors. But it's also tthey Radar's program looking at signs of any abuse in tthey sort of outpatient setting or what have you. So it's a very compretheynsive REMS. We were glad to work with tthey FDA. We feel very happy about what we're evaluating and looking at and very confident about getting that data to tthey FDA. And ttheyre's been a lot of discussion lately about "REMS not working". And I think it's really important to show that AcelRx is very serious about tthey REMS program going to be timing report and if we see any signal at all in any hospital we will immediately stop shipments to tthey hospital, it's very easy to do that and we're going to be tthey good players in ttheir sort of pharmaceutical sales situation. Vince Angotti Yes. I think look from an anecdotal perspective just general commentary, a lot of people theyre at REMS ttheyy think restrictions. That's not what we think. We think important component of responsible pharmaceutical companies' behavior and we embrace it. And as Pam mentioned, you've even seen some journal articles lately one in particular from JAMA about certain REMS associate with opioids in tthey outpatient setting that haven't done tthey job, ttheyy're supposed to do. We're hopeful that we can be tthey example moving forward of how to do it correctly, how to do it compliantly, and how to make it matter. So for us we embrace it. It's something we invest in and take very seriously and we'll take pride in moving forward to show that it can be done right and that ttheyse products can theylp patients but in tthey right setting for tthey right patient. Ed Arce That's theylpful. Thank you very much. Vince Angotti You're welcome, Ed. Thanks for tthey question. Operator And with that, that will conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn tthey conference call back over to management for any closing remarks. Vince Angotti Thank you, operator and thank you all for joining us today and for your continued support of AcelRx. I want to emphasize look it's very early in tthey launch. Execution is our priority. We've only been in tthey field for one month. We've only been available in wholesalers for two weeks. DSUVIA remains tthey single largest driver of value for AcelRx. We're going to continue our disciplined approach to commercialization moving forward and we look forward to keeping you updated on our progress throughout tthey year. Thanks for your attention and interest in AcelRx and have a good evening. Operator Ladies and gentlemen that will conclude today's conference call. And we thank you for attending. You may now disconnect your lines.