AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q4 2022 Results Conference Call March 30, 2023 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Raffi Asadorian - Chief Financial Officer Vincent Angotti - Chief Executive Officer Justin Palmer - Chief Medical Officer and Co-Founder Conference Call Participants Brandon Folkes - Cantor Fitzgerald Operator Welcome to tthey AcelRx 2022 Full Year and Fourth Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. Ttheir call is being webcast live via tthey Events page on tthey Investors section of AcelRx's website at www.acelrx.com. Ttheir call is tthey property of AcelRx, and any recording, reproduction or transmission of ttheir call without tthey expressed written consent of AcelRx is strictly prohibited. As a reminder, today's webcast presentation is being recorded. You may listen to a replay of ttheir webcast by going to tthey Investors section of AcelRx's website. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey call over to Raffi Asadorian, AcelRx Chief Financial Officer. Raffi Asadorian Thank you, Andrew. Thank you for joining us on tthey call today. Ttheir afternoon, we announced our full year and fourth quarter 2022 financial results and associated business updates in a press release. Ttheir press release can be found with tthey investors within tthey Investors section of our website. With me today are Vincent Angotti, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dr. Justin Palmer, AcelRx's Founder and Chief Medical Officer. Before we begin, I want to remind listeners that during ttheir call, we will likely make forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties regarding tthey operations and future results of AcelRx. Please refer to our press release in addition to tthey company's periodic, current and annual reports filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission for a discussion of tthey risks associated with such forward-looking statements. I'll now hand tthey call over to Vince. Vincent Angotti Thank you, Raffi, and good afternoon, everyone. Ttheir past year has been a transformative one for AcelRx. We're pleased to update you today after executing on our previously stated goal of divesting DSUVIA, our first commercial product to Alora Pharmaceuticals. Alora is a well-resourced operation with extensive experience commercializing products in hospitals, expertise in tthey manufacturing and sales of controlled substances and a team of over 200 salespersons. In addition to tthey 15% royalty on net commercial sales and tthey $116.5 million in sales-based milestones in our agreement with Alora, we're able to leverage our invested time and resources working with tthey Department of Defense, tthey single largest customer for DSUVIA through a 75% royalty on DoD net sales.  In today's press release, we announced a new [ph] publications and presentations on ttheir area, including a presentation at tthey Anesttheysiology Adamual Meeting 2022 by tthey Uniform Services University of tthey Health Sciences on DSUVIA for Battlefield Pain Management. In tthey presentation, tthey authors once again recommended tthey adoption of DSUVIA by tthey Department of Defense to improve pain management in tthey battlefield setting. Ttheyse and ottheyr recent publications provide continued endorsement of tthey value of DSUVIA for acute pain management. Now tthey DoD has many different purchasing points across various areas of tthey armed services. We remain focused on tthey U.S. Army since tthey largest opportunity for DSUVIA is within ttheyir sets, kits, and outfits or SQs for deploying troops. Tthey DoD is a very important relationship, and we believe that ttheir will provide long-term value for our shareholders. After tthey expected closing of tthey DSUVIA transaction in tthey coming days, we'll have transformed tthey company and are confident that we can leverage our successful development expertise and obtaining approval for our late-stage high-value assets. In particular, we're focusing on our lead nafamostat program, Niyad, which has FDA breakthrough designation and is being developed for use in tthey U.S. as an anticoagulant for Extracorporeal circuits in particular, such as dialysis. As such, we wanted to provide visibility into Niyad's potential, which we believe is a key component of tthey company's value. Nafamostat is approved and widely used as an anticoagulant for dialysis in Japan and South Korea. We, AcelRx, are tthey first developer for such use in tthey United States. And if approved of Niyad would be tthey only regional anticoagunant labeled for use in ttheir indication in tthey U.S. Clotting in tthey dialysis filter during continuous renal replacement ttheyrapy or CRRT is a major limitation to tthey patient receiving effective dialysis. In addition, filter clotting results in loss of red blood cells, platelets and clotting factors often requiring transfusions for tthey patient. For ttheyse reasons, tthey international CRRT guidelines recommend tthey use of an anticoagulant infused into tthey dialysis circuit. So today, two anticuagnant options exist for CRRT, first theyparin and ttheyn ttheyir citrate, which is only available under an EUA. Our recent U.S. quantitative market research confirms tthey urgent medical need for an alternative anticoagulate for use in CRRT. Tthey study results show that tthey intheyrent risks of tthey currently used products, Heparin, which has used 43% of tthey time in patients and Citrate, which is used in 28% of patients lead physicians cannot use anticoagulants, which again, is below tthey international standard of care, and tthey remaining 29% of patients are undergoing CRRT. Consistent with tthey publittheyyd literature and our recent quantitative market research, 84% of physicians reported that frequent filter changes occurred wtheyn not using an anticoagulant. Ttheir not only leads to increased blood loss and an increase in tthey number of transfusions, but also results in delayed or prolonged treatment time and imposes a burden on theyalth care resources. Now in addition to our market research, detailing tthey specific adverse events physicians were concerned about regarding Citrate, it included hypocalcemia, citrate safety, alkalosis and ottheyrs. So in conclusion, we believe that tthey market opportunity for Niyad is 29% of tthey patients that are receiving no anticoagulant as well as tthey 28% of patients that are receiving citrate. Ttheir totals almost 60% of tthey CRRT patients. Ttheir market research is significant. We plan to submit it for peer-reviewed publication in tthey second quarter. We've already completed tthey production of tthey initial development batch in Niyad and are now completing stability product testing in preparation for planned EUA submission. We remain on target to submit ttheir EUA in tthey second quarter. And in addition, having already received an ICD-10 CMS procedural code for reimbursement, we're proceeding with early commercial planning.  Niyad is estimated to have a peak sales potential of $200 million, and ttheir is attributed to just tthey inpatient and outpatient dialysis markets, excluding use in any ottheyr extracorporeal circuits. We anticipate that we'll need only a very modest sales force for launching Niyad.  Our market research has reinforced that it is clearly an important unmet patient need and we look forward to initiating a single registrational trial in tthey second half of 2023, of which tthey primary end points have already been agreed upon by FDA for 160 patient study. Consistent with our priority to advance our pipeline of late-stage assets, we continue to make progress towards filing NDAs for our eptheydrine and ptheynylephrine prefilled syringes. As such, our ottheyr near-term corporate milestone expected by tthey end of Q2 2023 is tthey filing of a new drug application for our prefilled syringe of eptheydrine branded as Fed Sera, again, branded as Fed Sera. Tthey benefits of prefilled syringes include less waste, improved safety, and tthey convenience of not having to dilute and prepare tthey surrendering advance of procedures, resulting in a shift towards ttheyir use. Based on our partner Aguettant experience in Europe, tthey expected ttheyylf life of Fed Sera is three years. Nearly all of tthey currently used to sedan prefilled syringes are made by compounding pharmacies, which have an intheyrent short ttheyylf life and well-known risks for contamination. Tthey ability of physicians to have available a convenient prefilled terminally sterilized efferent syringe that has a three year self-life will be a significant improvement and advantage for tthey overall theyalth care system. As stated previously, we believe that tthey market opportunities for tthey assets exceeds $100 million, and we believe that we'll be able to obtain a significant share of ttheir market with minimal investment since much of tthey commercialization efforts are expected to be through contracting with group purchasing organizations and hospital networks. And just to put tthey market potential for a pre-filled syringe into better context, A ready-to-use bowl of eptheydrine, not a prefilled syringe, but a ready-to-use valiosedrin launctheyd in 2020 and reported that $30 million in sales in only its second year of launch. With potential approval of tthey NDA for Fed Sera, commercialization could occur as soon as tthey first half of next year. As we stated in today's press release, both tthey Niyad and Fed Sera regulatory submissions will bring us closer to delivering important advancements for tthey theyalth care system and increasing value for our shareholders. In conclusion, I'm pleased to report that we believe we're well positioned to execute on a new successful chapter for AcelRx. We've divested our opioid product to focus on our proprietary anticoagulant program which we believe has tthey potential to reach $200 million in peak sales. We've made significant progress in our clinical development program of Niyad, and we're preparing to move to a registrational trial with endpoints agreed upon by FDA and later ttheir year. We're also on track to file our NDA for our first prefilled syringe product candidate, Fed Sera, which also has significant upside potential for tthey company if approved. Importantly, we'll continue with our efficient approach to managing cash as we accomplish ttheyse key milestones. I'll now hand tthey call over to Raffi to take you through tthey fourth quarter financial results. Raffi Asadorian  Thank you, Vince. Tthey planned closing of tthey DSUVIA transaction with Alora Pharmaceuticals in tthey coming days, is expected to add value through reduced cash burn and leveraging via Alora commercial infrastructure to collect royalties and milestones on DSUVIA sales. We're excited to work with Alora on tthey transition and supporting tthey potential long-term value creation from tthey transaction. Our full year 2022 DSUVIA sales totaled $1.8 million which was a 76% increase over 2021 despite a significant reduction in our commercial investment to conserve cash. We believe Alora's ownership of DSUVIA will deliver a significant increase in DSUVIA sales after tthey initial transition period. As Vince mentioned, our focus now turns to our lead program in nafamostat for which significant potential near-term milestones exist as well as our first prefilled syringe NDA submission, Fed Sera. We continue to focus on our cash and ended tthey year with $20.8 million in cash and investments. Our debt continued to amortize and tthey balance at tthey end of tthey year was $5.4 million. Combined R&D and SG&A expenses for tthey fourth quarter of 2022 totaled $7.3 million compared to $6.9 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Excluding noncash depreciation and stock-based compensation expense, ttheyse amounts were $6.6 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2022 compared to $5.6 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Tthey increase in combined R&D and SG&A expense in tthey fourth quarter of 2022 was primarily due to costs associated with tthey December financing and ottheyr legal costs, partially offset by net decreases in R&D and SG&A expenses compared to tthey fourth quarter of 2021. We expect our cash operating expenses in 2023 to range from $16 million to $20 million, which include costs related to a planned launch of Niyad under an EUA, initiating tthey single registrational study for Niyad and tthey PDUFA fee for Fed Sera for which an NDA submission is expected in tthey second quarter of ttheir year. 'll now turn tthey call back over to Vince. Vincent Angotti  Thank you, Raffi. I'd now like to open tthey line for any questions you might have. Andrew? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Brandon Folkes with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go atheyad. Brandon Folkes Thanks, taking my question Vinc, Congratulations on all tthey progress. Maybe I’ll just start on DSUVIA. Can you just talk about who drives tthey military procurement with ttheir deal? Are ttheyre any current DoD orders? And ttheyn just to sort of – will you have a continued involvement on tthey DoD side or just staying atheyad of tthey DOD? I’ll ask my civic question, ttheyn I’ll hop across to Niyad. Vincent Angotti Sure. So tthey DoD purchasing is decentralized wtheyn you consider it from tthey different branctheys of tthey military, that being that tthey Navy, tthey Air Force tthey Coast Guard and tthey Army all purchased through different avenues. And even within tthey Army, in particular, you have different avenues that drive it. So, for instance, we have relationships that we work with, with tthey Defense Health Agency, tthey Defense Logistics Agency, Usama. Working on contingency contracts with tthey Army outside of those particular channels and of course, tthey [indiscernible] so it's a myriad of different channels within tthey military. Tthey largest driver, though, will be through ttheyse which are often driven centrally by a single purchaser for troop deployment and readiness. Ttheyse relationships have been fostered over time. It takes time. But we feel like we're really advancing ttheym theyre just in tthey course of tthey past year to a new level. And part of it, honestly, is tthey tension that builds around tthey world and tthey challenges with tthey conflict and tthey creation for potential more deployments, unfortunately for our U.S. armed services. So we're going to continue to maintain those relationships, drive ttheym and hopefully be able to supply ttheym at tthey right quantity and timing as those things escalate. Raffi Asadorian Yes. It's our responsibility, Brandon. That remains with us. Brandon Folkes Okay. Great. as good to theyar. And ttheyn so maybe just shifting gears to Niyad. Maybe just a two part that probably go togettheyr. Any color on tthey steps outstanding from theyre on in, in terms of submitting tthey EUA, would you -- you sound quite confident. We're almost at 2Q. So is it fair to just think of it as procedural from theyre on in. And ttheyn along those lines, in terms of manufacturing of Niyad, can you just remind us on ttheir EUA will you need an inspection? And ttheyn secondly, staying on manufacturing, can you just talk about your ability to supply tthey market just given that 60% figure you put out today? Thank you, very much. Vincent Angotti Sure. I can address tthey first part of that question, and I'll continue to turn it over to Raffi and Pam as it relates to some of tthey supply. So we've been working on tthey EUA for a year at least in preparation. And part of -- just to give you an example of tthey quantitative market research we just completed that started, I think, in tthey fourth quarter last year with results in tthey first quarter ttheir year to continue to show tthey FDA tthey elevated use of CRRT in tthey hospitals from a post-COVID standpoint, pre and post, if you really want to consider it post right now. So we have put all of our work togettheyr related to tthey package and tthey 1 remaining aspect, most importantly, has remained CMC. So we've got tthey balance of tthey package basically ready to go. If you recall, in tthey early discussions around tthey EUA with tthey FDA, and I apologize for all ttheyse three letter acronyms. Tthey FDA's concentration was on tthey proper manufacturing of tthey product. So, over tthey course of tthey past year, that has been our focus. And as we mentioned, we've got product up on stability. It's important that we've got accelerated stability. Some people might not know what that means. What that really means is stability testing beyond tthey normal ranges of temperature and humidity. So tthey concept is if degradation is going to be happening over time, you can simulate denigration in extreme environments, and that will show you a longer period of time based off of that simulation of stability of tthey product. For us, humidity is a nonevent. It's obviously a sealed vial. We've got three months of good solid data at room and accelerated temperatures, that being 25 degrees centigrade 40 degrees integrate in tthey accelerated portion. And our GMP initial release test data looks very good with only one test still remaining, and that's in sterility. So we feel very good about tthey progress we've made on CMC. We have partnerships related to supply relative to ex-U.S. suppliers for both tthey API and finittheyyd products. So, we're well on our way as it relates to ttheir. I think you had one more question. Tthey question about inspection. Tthey need for inspection for EUA. Ttheyre's no need for an inspection for an EUA. Obviously, for a full approval, which would come after our clinical study, which we expect to start in tthey second half of next year. Did that answer all your questions, Brandon? Operator Tthey next question comes from Ed Arce with H.C. Wainwright. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is Thomas asking a couple of questions for Ed. Thank you, so much for taking my questions. So, while we are a topic for Niyad, can you discuss what are your expectations under tthey EUA ttheir year is approved commercial traction we expect and perhaps initial thoughts about pricing and annual borrowing used per patient some details on commercial launch? Vincent Angotti Yes. So for Niyad, again, under tthey EUA, we're confident in our ability to submit I'm sure ttheyre'll be dialogue with tthey FDA as it goes through tthey process hopefully, for that approval ttheir year. Beyond that, we have to prep eittheyr way for a potential commercialization with tthey EUA. And as we mentioned in tthey most recent study, we believe our target market is clear. That's tthey market wtheyre people are receiving no anticoagulant in CRRT, which is considered below standard of care, which obviously will be a real shame for tthey United States and our ability to provide theyalth care. And tthey second is tthey citrate market, in particular, because of tthey complications and side effects associated with it. Wtheyn you combine those two markets as an opportunity for Niyad's penetration, it's 60% of tthey CRRT market. We're working on our commercial planning now. As a matter of fact, Dr. Palmer and I are spending time at tthey CRRT meeting in San Diego tonight and tomorrow. We've got an advisory board with some of tthey key experts for CRRT in tthey United States as well as internationally known next week, a week from ttheir Saturday. We're beginning to start on pricing evaluations, but it's something I won't comment on ttheir call just from a competitive standpoint. But again, we feel very good about tthey preparation we have for ttheir moving forward in tthey size of tthey target market. I think tthey ottheyr important aspect of ttheir is even though tthey market is large. Wtheyn we talk about a $200 million peak sales opportunity and 60% of tthey existing practice that's occurring in tthey United States based off tthey citrate coagulation segments. Ttheir is not one that we anticipate to require a large commercial infrastructure. We expect it to be very modest. It's a top-down approach based off tthey key opinion leaders in tthey nation that drive CRRT guidelines. I think tthey ottheyr important aspect of ttheir is nafamostat is not a new concept to ttheym. Niyad, nafamostat has been used, as we've mentioned, for 30 years in separate countries, including Japan and South Korea. Tthey thought leads in tthey United States cross mingle and share expertise with those outside of tthey U.S. So nafamostat is a known entity to ttheym. And ttheyy're often asking us wtheyn we think we'll be able to have ttheir available for tthey U.S. so ttheyy can provide ttheir anticoagulant to ttheyir at-risk patients. I hope that theylps give a bit of a color to it, Thomas. Pam, do you have anything to add relative to tthey market research that we've conducted most recently relative to CRRT? Justin Palmer No, we're writing up tthey data right now. It will be submitted in Q2 and likely publittheyyd in Q3. And we're really excited about possibly being able to in very near term address ttheir sort of deficit in tthey medical treatment of patients during CRRT. I mean, it's amazing to me that 29% do not get any anticoagulation during CRRT just because of tthey issues with theyparin and citrate. Vincent Angotti I would just add, we don't know -- should we receive an EUA. We don't know wtheyn that would come. Ttheyre's no specific time frame on tthey FDA review of that. So we don't know if that's going to come in one month or it's going to come in six months. So to give any expectations on sales would not be a reasonable way to estimate ttheir at ttheir point. I think we can give more detail wtheyn we receive an EUA later ttheir year. Unidentified Analyst  Got it. So, I guess just to clarify, so tthey decision after tthey EUA is filed a decision is expected by tthey end of ttheir year. Vincent Angotti Well, you'd hope that ttheyy have no firm guidelines on review time lines like ttheyy do for classic PDUFA. So as we research EUAs that have been reviewed in tthey past, month or two months could be longer. So we just can't give you a defined time line on that. I think what's important even beyond that, Thomas, and maybe some people are asking about is we are intending even beyond tthey EUA to move forward with tthey registrational trial in tthey second half of ttheir year. And ttheir is a very clear design trial with endpoints already agreed upon by tthey FDA. So ttheyre's not a lot of, what I'll call, debate left on how to execute ttheir trial. Pam, maybe you can comment on tthey preparation we've made tthey endpoints, et cetera, on tthey trial, so people are clear on how we feel it's very simple to execute. Justin Palmer Yes, tthey end of tthey 160 patients, which is actually quite a small trial. It's 80 active placebo has already been agreeable to tthey FDA as is tthey primary and key secondary endpoints for tthey trial. And so yes, CRO selection, getting -- moving forward with tthey finalization of tthey statistics for tthey protocol and picking clinical sites is what we're actively doing right now. So and that's a key part of our Advisory Board coming up. Vincent Angotti And Pam, can you also comment on tthey active versus tthey control in that trial. So, it will be obviously nafamostat versus. Justin Palmer Versus saline. Vincent Angotti Saline. and tthey primary end point over tthey first 24 hours is? Justin Palmer Activated clotting time. So, it's basically a powerful anticoagulant versus saline and ttheyn looking at clotting time as your primary endpoint over tthey first 24 hours of tthey study. pretty straightforward. Unidentified Analyst Got it. Yes. Well, I really appreciate all tthey details for being so looking forward to -- and just as one more question from us regarding tthey prefilled syringe products. Can you discuss any ongoing commercial path for a potential launch with tthey NDA closing? And also, just to clarify, PFS-01, so that's tthey first NDA to be submitted should we expect commercial launch of both prefilled syringe products or ttheyre will be market as soon as approved? Vincent Angotti Yes. So tthey prefilled syringe products are being developed in a staggered fashion. Tthey first one is tthey eptheydrine or PFS-01 product. again, trade name or trademark right now as Fed Sera, eptheydrine syringe, as you can imagine. So Fed Sera, something to that effect. So that will be on a 10-month review clock. During that period of time, we'll be discussing contracting with tthey IDNs as well as tthey group purchasing organizations. We're really encouraged by tthey uptake we've seen in tthey market of what I'll call similar, but potentially less advantageous products. And what do I mean by that? We mentioned in tthey script that and following tthey most recent launch of an eptheydrine ready-to-use vial not in syringe form, but in tthey vial. So, ttheyy still have to draw it up, having prepared to tthey table. And if ttheyy don't use it, ttheyy're going to have to discard it, which is significant waste. So it requires time, energy and potential waste is on -- or completed $30 million in sales in only its second year of launch.  So, ttheyre's clearly a need to advance tthey efficiency safety and quality of ttheir product, in particular in ttheir market. And so we're going to try to submit that theyre in very short order and get on that 10-month clock. Tthey balance of tthey prefilled syringe that you're asking would be tthey ptheynylephrine. We're continuing to do work on that with Aguettant. It will be a staggered submission, so it will be delayed to after eptheydrine. That will do two things for us, allow us to get a read from tthey FDA on eptheydrine, which we feel very confident in and continue to work on development to fine-tune that submission as well. Operator Tthey next question comes from James Molloy with Alliance Global Partners. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst  Ttheir is actually Eric calling in for James Mallooy. And also, congratulations on tthey recent divestment with DSUVIA with Elura Pharma. And with ttheir, do you think you could possibly walk through your expectations for tthey ramp-up of sales? And ttheyn also, I have anottheyr question. So, in regard to your Niyad, wtheyn do you expect tthey registrational trial to be commenced and ttheyn tthey expected study design that you're expecting to hold at ttheir year? Thank you. Vincent Angotti Sure, Eric. Thanks for tthey question. So, we can't comment on tthey ramp-up of sales. I think you were referring to DSUVIA on that 1 based off its divestment to elura. What I can tell you is we are in deep transfer mode with ttheym or transition mode between our commercial team, ttheyir commercial team. As a matter of fact, ttheyy're absorbing our commercial personnel, all except one to maintain tthey momentum we have in tthey procedural suites.  I know that ttheyy will be expanding and training even furttheyr ttheyir hospital sales team based off ttheyir communication to us and ttheyy've got deep distribution. So, we're excited about what ttheyy're going to do. I can't comment on a forecast from ttheym, I can only comment on ttheyir commitment and resources that ttheyy're putting against it, which is impressive. As it relates to Niyad, again, we mentioned that tthey study design has been agreed upon with tthey FDA. Tthey end points have been agreed upon with tthey FDA. Those endpoints as a primary or activated clotting time. And as a secondary that we didn't mention are? Justin Palmer Yes, ttheyy're looking at basically tthey filter life span -- so we anticipate, obviously, wtheyn you're profusing saline into tthey circuit and you're not inhibiting quoting that those filters lot much more frequently. And ttheyy're also looking at platelets, a number of transfusions how efficient tthey dialysis is looking at urea concentrations, et cetera. So ttheyre's just a whole host of key secondary endpoints that are clinically important, but tthey primary end point again being activated clotting time over tthey first 24 hours of a powerful anticoagulant versus placebo, we feel pretty confident in that. Vincent Angotti And I think you asked about timing, Eric. Again, we're just guiding to tthey second half of ttheir year. Dr. Palmer team are working with tthey CROs as we sit theyre now based off selection sites, et cetera. So again, we're excited to get that one going as quickly as we can. Unidentified Analyst Got it. Thank you, for taking my question. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Vince Angotti for any closing remarks. Vincent Angotti Thanks, Andrew, and thank you for all of you for joining us today and for your continued support of AcelRx. We're really excited about our execution on tthey stated plan. tthey significant progress we continue to make with Niyad and our prefilled syringes, in particular, Fed Sera.  And we look and remain focused on driving long-term shareholder value with advancing ttheir high-value, late-stage pipeline. I look forward to answering any additional questions you might have offline and sharing our future developments with you. Again, thank you for your attendance, and please be safe. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.