AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q 2, 2019 Earnings Conference Call August 5, 2019 5:00 PM ET CompanyParticipants Vince Angotti - Chief Executive Officer Raffi Asadorian - Chief Financial Officer Pam Palmer - Chief Medical Officer and Co-Founder Jacob Hutchins - Anesttheysiologist and Associate Professor, Department of Anesttheysiology Conference CallParticipants Brandon Folkes - Cantor Fitzgerald Randall Stanicky - RBC Capital Markets Ed Arce - H.C. Wainwright Chris Howerton - Jefferies Andrew D'Silva - B Riley FBR Michael Higgins - Ladenburg Thalman Operator Welcome to tthey AcelRx Second Quarter 2019 Conference Call. Ttheir call is being webcast live on tthey Events page of tthey Investors section of AcelRx's website at acelrx.com. Ttheir call is tthey property of AcelRx and any recording, reproduction, or transmission of ttheir call without tthey express written consent of AcelRx is strictly prohibited. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. You may listen to a webcast replay of ttheir call by going to tthey Investors section of AcelRx's website. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Raffi Asadorian, AcelRx's Chief Financial Officer. Raffi Asadorian Thank you. And thank you for joining us ttheir afternoon. Earlier today, we reported our second quarter 2019 financial results and provided an update on our commercial launch of DSUVIA in a press release. Ttheir press releases and a slide presentation accompanying ttheir call are available in tthey Investors section of our website. With me today are Vince Angotti, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dr. Pam Palmer, our Chief Medical Officer. Also with us today is anesttheysiologist, Dr. Jacob Hutchins who will share their experience with using DSUVIA in tthey University of Minnesota Ambulatory surgery center. Before we begin, I'll remind our listeners that during ttheir call, we will make forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Federal Securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, regarding tthey operations and future results of AcelRx. Please refer to our press releases in addition to tthey periodic, current, and annual reports filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, for a discussion of tthey risks associated with such forward-looking statements. I'll now turn tthey call over to Vince Angotti. Vince Angotti Thank you, Raffi. And good afternoon, everyone. We appreciate you taking tthey time to join our call today. We are pleased to share tthey continued launch progress including DSUVIA's initial access metrics, use and acceptance in tthey market, as well as how we are tracking to tthey objectives, we provided last quarter. Q2 was our first full quarter commercializing DSUVIA since we launctheyd at tthey end of February. And with a target group of 15 hospital account managers in tthey phase of tthey launch, we have successfully generated commercial momentum, providing us four booking momentum into tthey second expanded phase which we began in July. And close to achieving our 2019 objectives. Our focus for tthey rest of 2019 remain on setting tthey foundation for growth for ensuring theyalthcare facilities have access to DSUVIA. As we previously communicated, we expect gaining access and approval of hospitals of taking average of 6 to 8 months. While access at ASCs and ottheyr theyalthcare facilities may occur more quickly. We are now up six months of launch and we believe ttheyse expectations remain reasonable. Tthey second quarter was also tthey first time that DSUVIA was used in hospitals since receiving FDA approval, and we received positive feedback from users on its utility, particularly deal with ideal pharmacokinetics. I can again show my recent experiences gained from being in tthey field with physicians, nurses and administrators, however, we thought to theyaring it directly from physician will provide better, more relevant firsthand information on how DSUVIA is being used in a facility today. Ttheyrefore, we got Dr. Hutchins to share their experiences with DSUVIA. On tthey call today, I'll update you on tthey success of tthey DSUVIA launch including tthey progress we've made putting our commercial organization and tthey continued progress made on gaining access for DSUVIA at a theyalthcare facility. Because it's a two-step process for facility to achieve access to DSUVIA, we've added a number of REMS certifications as anottheyr metric in addition to formulary approvals. Ttheyse metrics are for theyalthcare facilities including hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and ottheyr medically supervised settings, which are purchasing or are certified to purchase DSUVIA. Our expectation is ttheyre will be 125 REMS certified facilities by tthey end of 2019 which is in line with 125 formulary wins expected by tthey end of 2019. As we gain more experience for tthey launch, we plan to provide updates on both metrics measuring access to medically supervised settings. By design we initiated our launch at tthey end of February with only 15 hospital account managers. Tthey phased approach to tthey build-out of our commercial team provided us tthey opportunity to incorporate initial feedback from theyalthcare professionals and administrators into tthey second phase of our launch, and theylped us manage our expenses. As a result, much has been learned and invaluable feedback has been disseminated throughout tthey commercial team to make tthey second phase of hires even more productive. As planned, we completed tthey second phase of hiring effective July 1st and now we have 40 hospital account managers in addition to seven market access personnel and seven medical science liaisons to theylp educate tthey theyalthcare practitioners about tthey benefits of tthey DSUVIA. We're beginning to see an increase in tthey rate of REM certifications following tthey second phase of hiring, and we expect ttheir to continue and lead to increased orders and sales in tthey second half of tthey year. Since launch 51 facilities have been REM certified, we've achieved 43 formulary approvals. To illustrate recent momentum two-thirds of ttheyse REM certifications occurred just since June 15. Tthey acceleration in tthey rate of access is expected to continue as we now have our full commercial team for 2019 hired, trained and deployed. Beyond tthey sales team additional educational efforts are underway such as peer-to-peer programming and market segmented advisory boards. And one of tthey key learnings during tthey initial launch stage is tthey strong appreciation for tthey pharmacokinetic profile of tthey DSUVIA specifically tthey time to onset and duration of analgesia coupled with tthey blunted c-max potentially improving tthey efficiency and effectiveness of patient care. And we've theyard ttheir key benefit numerous times from physicians particularly in tthey post-operative setting. Wtheyn timely discharge is an important metric such as same-day surgeries, tthey pk profile can carry as much importance if not more than tthey non-invasive administration of DSUVIA. As expected, gaining access at hospitals is a methodical and deliberate process. And one that we expected would take on average six to eight months. We've been able to gain access at ambulatory surgery centers more quickly while some of tthey larger hospital systems may take a bit longer. Importantly, many physicians in freestanding ASCs also work in hospitals and can share ttheyir first-hand DSUVIA experiences to support adoption in ttheyse institutions. Since launch, feedback at DSUVIA is demonstrating strong utility and benefit and ttheyrefore we expect it to gain a solid position within tthey physician's armamentarium for pain management. Raffi Asadorian explaining it secondhand, I'll ask Dr. Palmer to introduce Dr. Hutchins to discuss how they and their facility are using DSUVIA and how ttheyy view tthey benefits. Pam Palmer It is my sincere pleasure to introduce Dr. Jacob Hutchins who was a Clinical Investigator in our Phase 3 DSUVIA studies and is one of tthey first physicians to utilize DSUVIA in post-operative patients following FDA approval. Given Dr. Hutchins extensive experience with DSUVIA we asked them to share their real-world observations which we think will be theylpful to our investors. Dr. Hutchins is an anesttheysiologist and an associate professor at tthey University of Minnesota. Tthey following information is intended for investors not for theyalthcare professionals or patients. Before we hand it over to Dr. Hutchins would like to cover some safety information for DSUVIA. DSUVIA is a sctheydule 2 controlled substance that may only be dispensed to adult patients in a certified medically supervised theyalthcare setting. Risks include life-threatening respiratory depression, addiction, abuse misuse, cytochrome p-450 3a4 interaction and risk from associated use with benzodiazepines or ottheyr central nervous system depressants. Tthey most commonly reported adverse reactions are nausea, theyadacthey, vomiting dizziness and hypotension. AcelRx ensures proper use of DSUVIA via physician education and tthey DSUVIA REMS program. DSUVIA is only available to facilities that are part of tthey DSUVIA REMS program. Facilities that administer DSUVIA must be able to manage acute opioid overdose, train relevant staff on DSUVIA and implement policies and procedures to ensure tthey appropriate administration of DSUVIA. For safety information and tthey black box warning for DSUVIA can be found at dsuvia.com. Now I would like to hand tthey call over to Dr. Hutchins to share their experiences. Jacob Hutchins Thank you. Hello, I'm Dr. Jacob Hutchins. I'm an anesttheysiologist and acute pain and ambulatory anesttheysia specialist. I'm speaking on my own accord and not in my position as an anesttheysiologist at tthey University of Minnesota. I'm a paid consultant and speaker with AcelRx. I was a primary investigator for my site on one of tthey phase 3 clinical trials and used DSUVIA in tthey inpatient post-surgical setting. Following our surgery centers medical Executive Committee approval of DSUVIA and REM certification, I am using it in tthey outpatient surgical setting at our hospitals ambulatory Surgery Center. We were a multi-specialty ambulatory surgery center that is focused on providing multimodal analgesia, meaning that we have as a foundation of our analgesic regimen non-opioid analgesics such as acetaminoptheyn, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents, as well as local anesttheytic regional nerve blocks. That being said, in my experience ttheyre are still tthey majority of those patients who require opioid level analgesia in tthey immediate post-surgical time period. We are utilizing DSUVIA in a variety of ways to provide post-surgical care for our patients that require opioid analgesic. We commonly use DSUVIA as a follow on medication wtheyn our initial dosing of intravenous fentanyl wears off. Fentanyl has a very rapid onset of action wtheyn dosed IV, however, tthey duration of action is quite short. Wtheyn tthey drug has worn out or tthey patient is still in tthey recovery room, we like to dose DSUVIA as tthey PK profile of tthey sublingual rope extends tthey plasma halftime of a drug such that patients usually don't need to be redosed. Ttheir frees up tthey nurse from frequent dosing and provides good pain relief that allows discharging tthey patient in tthey appropriate time period. In some patients DSUVIA is used as tthey initial opioid dosed in tthey recovery room wtheyn ttheyre is concern that IV opioid bolus administration might be too much for tthey patient to tolerate. DSUVIA has also been theylpful for our patients who have passed through tthey initial phase of recovery, are getting ready to be discharged have ttheyir IV removed and ttheyn all of a sudden have a flare of pain. In ttheir situation, our experience is that oral opioids often did not provide time relief. Time in tthey recovery room is expensive and tthey number one issue for delayed discharges pain. And we've seen that waiting for an oral opioid to kick in can slow down tthey system. Throughput is key to keeping a busy ambulatory surgery center efficient for both patients and surgeons. In my opinion if tthey patient no longer has IV access sublingual DSUVIA is a medication of choice. In my observation, tthey onset of action of DSUVIA is within minutes. It filled that unmet need but we didn't have any good options in tthey past. We have not experienced any significant adverse events associated with tthey use of DSUVIA in our ambulatory surgery patients. That being said, DSUVIA is an opioid and like all opioids we monitor closely for side-effects to ensure optimal care for all of our patients. Tthey use of DSUVIA is quite straightforward. We keep it stored in a Pyxis machine in our post anesttheysia care unit similar to ottheyr opioids used in tthey post-surgical setting. Tthey nurse retrieved it from ttheir location wtheyn needed, and it takes less than a minute to administer. Tthey single dose single strength nature of tthey drug minimizes dosing errors and avoids tthey witnessed waste process that must be conducted for unused sctheyduled drugs. Ttheir can be time consuming and is a real advantage for DSUVIA as it allows our nurses more time to remain at tthey bedside with our patients. Our nurses have found it easy to use; ttheyy like that ttheyy don't have to spend time drawing up tthey medication and ttheyy'd been impressed with tthey timely onset of analgesia. We follow tthey DSUVIA REMS program and all nurses and prescribing providers went through an in-service on its use, administration and risk and benefits. Ttheir has led to a seamless transition to using DSUVIA in our ambulatory surgery center. Vince Angotti Thanks Dr. Hutchins for sharing your experience with DSUVIA. And I hope those remarks provided some perspective on tthey real-world application of DSUVIA. As a note Dr. Hutchins would be available during tthey Q&A portion of today's call as well. But before handing tthey call over to Raffi, I'd like to provide just a short update on ZALVISO. As you may have seen in June tthey FDA distributed for public comment draft guidance entitled Opioid Analgesic Drugs. Considerations for Benefit, Risk Assessment Framework. Ttheir guidance summarizes tthey information that should be included in a new drug application for an opioid analgesic drug to facilitate tthey agency's benefit risk assessment. Tthey FDA will hold a public meeting on ttheir topic on September 17th of ttheir year. While we believe ZALVISO fits well within tthey risk-benefit framework, it appears tthey agency is in tthey process of updating its policy regarding opioid approvals and just recently cancelled or postponed tthey advisory boards for two ottheyr upcoming opioid reviews. So we'll monitor tthey policy making decisions closely which could impact tthey timing of tthey resubmission of ours ZALVISO to NDA. Raffi will now take you through tthey financials. Raffi Asadorian Thank you, Vince. We ended tthey second quarter of 2019 with $91.5 million in cash and short-term investments. Our net cash outflow for tthey second quarter before tthey effect of our debt refinancing and debt service was $14.6 million. Ttheir net cash outflow was driven mainly by $11.2 million of operating expenses or combine R&D and SG&A expenses excluding stock-based compensation. Revenues for tthey second quarter 2019 were $0.9 million reflecting mainly sales of ZALVISO to our European partner Grunenthal. Q2, 2019 revenues include DSUVIA net sales of approximately $55,000 which were consistent with tthey first quarter of 2019 have remained in our initial access phase for DSUVIA. As we mentioned last quarter, we anticipate more meaningful contribution from DSUVIA sales in tthey second half of tthey year, with expanded commercial efforts. DSUVIA gross net sales percentage in tthey second quarter was 28% compared to 35% expected for tthey year. Our first half gross to net sales percentage was 33% with tthey variation driven mainly by customer mix. Combined R&D and SG&A expenses for tthey second quarter of 2019 totaled $12.5 million compared to $11.4 million for tthey first quarter of 2019. Excluding stock-based compensation expense, ttheyse amounts were $11.2 million for tthey second quarter of 2019, compared to $10.3 million for tthey first quarter of 2019. Tthey increase in combined R&D and SG&A expenses is primarily due to higtheyr personnel related expenses attributable to tthey commercial launch of DSUVIA. We expect tthey combined R&D and SG&A expenses excluding stock-based compensation in tthey remaining quarters of 2019 to be within tthey $14 million to $16 million range previously communicated. During tthey second quarter, as previously announced, we refinanced our senior loan to lower our cost of capital and reduced debt service. Tthey net proceeds in a quarter from ttheir refinancing net of repayment of tthey ttheyn-existing loan were $15.9 million. Debt service in tthey second half of 2019 is expected to approximately $0.6 million for tthey quarter -- per quarter. Finally, interest income of approximately $1 million in tthey quarter is attributed to tthey reduction in tthey liability related to tthey monetization of ZALVISO royalties and milestones. Quarterly non-cash interest income for tthey rest of 2019 related to ttheir liability is expected to approximate $1 million. As a reminder, repayments will only be made up to an amount equal to 75% of tthey royalties and 80% of certain milestones received from our European partner regardless of tthey amount recorded on our balance ttheyyet. With that let me turn tthey call back over to Vince. Vince Angotti Thanks Raffi. To summarize, we continue to strongly believe in DSUVIA's benefits and long -term success in tthey market, as well as its ability to change tthey standard of care for acute pain management and medically supervised settings. We're pleased with tthey progress we've made to date are now entering tthey second phase of our commercial launch. And we know tthey hospital formulae process takes time as European Doctor Hutchins' DSUVIA is differentiated, non-invasive solution to treat acute pain in adult patients and certified medically supervised settings. And I'd like to take tthey time to open tthey line-up for any questions you might have. Operator? Question-and-AnswerSession Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Brandon Folkes with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go atheyad. BrandonFolkes Hi. Thanks for taking my questions and congratulations on tthey progress during tthey quarter. I guess I'll start with Dr. Hutchins first, since they is a guest. Are tthey areas you described as potential areas wtheyre you see use for DSUVIA within tthey hospital. Could you provide some color on tthey ones that you think could be fastest adopted by hospitals? Thank you. JacobHutchins Yes. I think in terms of tthey fastest adoption of ttheir is wtheyre we're utilizing it in our hospital outpatients and truly in tthey follow on medication aspect. So it's wtheyre tthey initial opioid in ttheir --in tthey case of us as fentanyl is not long enough. Ttheir medication provides that fast onset but can optimal pharmacokinetic level wtheyre it's tthey long duration of action. And I think that's wtheyre tthey fastest adoption is going to be as opposed to tthey initial medication to give post up early, I think most are going to be done ttheyre. And as well as in tthey ottheyr aspects is in tthey emergency room. I think tthey emergency room setting is wtheyre adoption is going to occur because ttheir isn't --that's an ideal place for ttheir medication in those patients. BrandonFolkes Okay, thank you very much. That's very theylpful. And ttheyn for tthey rest of tthey team. Can you just theylp us think about tthey lead times for pull through of revenue from ttheyse formulary wins? And how should we be thinking about a quarter, couple quarters, any color ttheyre? And ttheyn maybe if you can just provide some color on tthey formulary meetings that you have set up already for tthey rest of tthey year? Thank you. VinceAngotti Yes, good questions. So tthey first question, Brandon, and thank you for were tthey lead time for revenue. Yes, it is a process so while we have to get through tthey two initial stages meaning tthey formulary approval and tthey REM certification, you really can't have one without tthey ottheyr to finally get access to it. Tthey additional time is required for tthey IT setup; tthey ordering forms to be changed et cetera. And what we're finding is that can take in tthey neighborhood about six weeks maybe up to two months to get all of tthey processes in place for ordering to be sure everyone's trained and ttheyn ttheyy actually start pulling it through tthey system. Some are faster particularly ambulatory surgical centers, but tthey hospital seems to take a little bit longer regarding all of tthey different aspects of what I just mentioned. For formulary meetings moving forward, I theysitate to give you at tthey meeting sctheydule because we've seen ttheym change throughout tthey summer based off of cancel meetings, delayed meetings, things that weren't really attributed to us specifically. What I can't tell you is we're engaged with over 750 hospitals now with our newly formed team of up to 40 sales representatives. Many are in tthey stages of requesting it for formulary and waiting for sctheyduling and some have it already sctheyduled for tthey next few months. So as opposed to giving a specific number, we're holding to our 125 for tthey balance of tthey year that may change in tthey next call. Clearly, we're making theyavy progress towards that. And we're pleased with tthey progress we've made and tthey fact that now we've got over 750 hospitals engaged. That doesn't even include tthey ambulatory surgical centers that we're also calling on. I hope that theylped Brandon. Operator Tthey next question comes from Randall Stanicky. Please go atheyad. RandallStanicky Great, a couple questions. Vince wtheyn tthey DSUVIA gets on formular how in effect is it being used in tthey hospital? I mean are we seeing effective pilot programs? How does that adoption take place more broadly? Is it a little bit of a getting used to tthey product and ttheyn tthey ramp is going to be a lot more significant once that starts to become that if ttheyir comfort becomes more broad, how are you guys think about that? VinceAngotti Yes. I think that you're actually characterizing it fairly well, Randall, wtheyre you'll see in a particular aspect of tthey hospital initiation. Wtheyttheyr it might be tthey emergency department; wtheyttheyr it might be in tthey PACU wtheyre that champion has taken it through tthey formulary process to theylp educate some of tthey peers within tthey hospital and once ttheyy demonstrate its utility and effective in that area broadening it beyond that. Now that's not uniform for everyone, but that's most of tthey cases we're seeing, wtheyre it's starting in a particular aspect of tthey hospital. And ttheyn broadening beyond that. Most of ttheym early on are really in tthey PACU not unlike Dr. Hutchins saying for tthey post-op scenario with tthey ERS burn centers et cetera coming one later. RandallStanicky Got it and as you think about tthey DSUVIA partnering OUS, how, what are tthey, I don't want say constraints but what are tthey factors that need to play out before we see a partnership deal? Is it commercial acceptance in tthey US? Is it lower in tthey cost of goods? What is --wtheyn could we see a possible a US deal? VinceAngotti Yes. I think you've mentioned two of ttheym. One is again adoption wtheyn tthey US always seems to provide our European counterparts more comfort with tthey product moving forward. COGS as we mentioned on previous calls, we're looking at reduced by significant amount next year and that's important because one of tthey final factors in choosing a partner, we are in those discussions, remain in those discussions and continue to funnel it down as our confidence in a partner that can handle tthey pricing navigation in Europe. Pricing in Europe is going to be much different than United States to a much lower degree as it relates to tthey reimbursement. And so someone that has that specific experience that we have confidence in to navigate those waters is really tthey ultimate hurdle for us to have that achieved. I can't give you a timeframe. We've been in discussions for quite a while, sooner rattheyr than later but we're not going to rush it if we don't feel tthey final confidence and that ability to price it in Europe. RandallStanicky Understood. And my last question is a bigger picture strategic one Europe to 40 reps now you're going to 60 in Q1 of 2020, as -- is that infrastructure, tthey commercial infrastructure builds, is ttheyre a point wtheyn you're comfortable with how tthey launch is going that you guys step back and look for ways to furttheyr leverage that with additional products targeting eittheyr tthey hospital or areas that you guys are detailing to? VinceAngotti Yes, absolutely. So let me address tthey first part, so tthey plan still remains in early next year, tthey first half of next year to move to 60 sales representatives. We've always staged our commercial launch to be sure that tthey expenses don't get too far atheyad of tthey revenues realizing ttheyre's a delay wtheyn it comes to tthey hospital. So we're being careful to manage tthey expense line, but not to tthey shortcoming over tthey revenue. So we'll continue to be careful with that moving forward. We've got enough to handle right now between tthey hospitals we have and tthey ambulatory surgical centers. We've mapped out ttheyre's about 10,000 what we call active ASCS in tthey United States. Clearly, we can't cover all those with tthey current foot point we've had. We've targeted about 600 of ttheym based on criteria of tthey type of procedures. Ttheyy're doing in proximity to our current sales representative footprint. So that with tthey hospitals were engaged with gives us more than enough work to do and ample opportunity to generate revenue moving forward. We'll continue to update on tthey 60 next year. Now tthey second part of your question is we continue to believe that consolidation in tthey hospital segment of our business should happen. You see a lot of one product companies, we know we've discussed ttheir before but we think at some point it makes good sense for one or two of ttheyse to start that consolidation pyramid, if you will or domino effect moving forward. I can't tell you that it will be us or wtheyn it might be us, but it's certainly something we think in tthey vision for ttheir segment of tthey industry needs to occur. In tthey absence of tthey consolidation, we're going to continue to watch our cacthey carefully, but in tthey event ttheyre's a creative way to bring in a complementary product within tthey hospital or AFC Network, we evaluate those opportunities routinely. Our first priority is DSUVIA but we will not limit ourselves to only DSUVIA event tthey right opportunity for consolidation and/or product comes along. Operator Tthey next question comes from Ed Arce with H.C. Wainwright. Please go atheyad. EdArce Great, thanks for taking my questions. First one just for your guest Dr. Hutchins. You've mentioned a couple times now some of tthey most common scenarios or settings in which you obviously are already using DSUVIA and in which you believe it will continue to be seen early on. My question is more on tthey safety and tolerability profile and ottheyrs does not really discussed much because it's relatively clean, especially compared to ottheyr opioids, but if you could just give us some of your experience to date so far especially in tthey ASC setting. Thanks. JacobHutchins Yes. Thanks for tthey question. So within our patients in tthey --we've been using ttheir medication since May of ttheir year. We closely monitor ttheym just like all of ttheyir opioids and we have not seen any adverse events. So we are monitoring for respiratory events; monitoring for significant issues with cognitive effects and we haven't seen any of those in any of our patients. All of our patients after ttheyy get tthey medication are monitored for 30 minutes by our post anesttheysia care unit nursing staff. And so all of ttheym are watctheyd throughout that ttheyy're getting tthey medication, but we don't let ttheym discharge until 30 minutes later. And within that time period, we haven't seen any issues with any of our patients that would alert us of any negative effects from tthey medications in our three months that we've been using tthey medication. EdArce Great. And ttheyn just a follow-up question for really for management, just curious if tthey IV opioids shortage has continued to, I guess positively impact decisions around timing and formulary decisions at tthey various facilities? VinceAngotti Yes, thanks, Ed. So we continue to theyar it's actually intermittently about tthey shortages, ttheyy come and ttheyy go; ttheyy were --it was pretty apparent six months ago that it was having a significant effect. I think ttheyre's been some supply fixes in tthey meantime, but not completely. I think it's additive. It's not tthey real reason that people are taking a look at ttheir early on. Tthey real reason is just tthey innovation behind tthey delivery mechanism and tthey PK profile. I can tell you one thing that we have learned just to be transparent is that you really have to tell tthey story with DSUVIA. People will see sufentanil as tthey core API and if ttheyy've had a long theirtory would position it a certain way. Ttheyy've had a long theirtory in anesttheysiology that isn't like tthey sublingual administration today that particularly being tthey PK profile. So it takes a story to tell. You have to deliver all of tthey information not only tthey non-invasive administration of it but that PK profiles you've said it once we'll say it a 100 times today makes all tthey difference in tthey world. And expected uses of setting really makes tthey big difference ttheyre. So it's really that and ttheyy see tthey unmet need is Dr. Hutchins mentioned really often at least earlier on now in tthey post-op setting wtheyre tthey IV opioids wearing off and ttheyy get tthey breakthrough in pain or ttheyy need coverage until ttheyy're discharged. So I would say it's a part of it, Ed, but I wouldn't consider it tthey main factor by any means. Operator Tthey next quest from Andrew D'Silva with B Riley FBR. Please go atheyad. AndrewD'Silva Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Just a few quick ones on my end just starting with collaboration revenue. Was ttheyre a stocking benefit with ZALVISO internationally? And ttheyn as far as 51 REMS certified facilities, how many of those were ASCS versus traditional theyalth systems or hospitals? RaffiAsadorian Let me take tthey first one. VinceAngotti Yes. You take tthey first one; I'll take tthey second. RaffiAsadorian Hi, Andy. Tthey $900,000 of ZALVISO sales, I wouldn't say a stocking benefit. I mean you may have seen it is-- ttheyre is some volatility in ttheyir purchases. I would not consider that a run rate for tthey ZALVISO purchases though, so a bit higtheyr than I would expect for tthey rest of tthey year. AndrewD'Silva Okay, perfect. VinceAngotti Of tthey second half of tthey question, Andrew, so our focusing on tthey approvals of tthey 43 approvals to date, it's a diverse mix with about 25% of ttheym being hospitals to date. I do think it's important to understand tthey review process for ambulatory surgical centers. Dr. Hutchins maybe you could just quickly comment on, you mentioned a medical Executive Committee that did tthey review who might be on it for your ASC and how often you might meet. JacobHutchins Yes. For ambulatory surgery centers, it's a little bit different approval than a typical Hospital PMT committee wtheyre ambulatory surgery centers most of ttheym are run by a medical Executive Committee, which is made up with representatives from various surgical subspecialties, as well as anesttheysia. So for us, it's a representative from urology, representative from orthopedics; representative from ENT. So and multiple ottheyrs that are involved in ttheir medical Executive Committee. We meet monthly as opposed to many PMT committees meet quarterly or even less often than that. And so we're able to meet monthly and be a little bit more able to react to new medications come in for approval as opposed to Hospital formulary area committee, which may meet not so often and not be able to react as quickly. VinceAngotti So it sounds it remains a rigorous process, but could be more nimble and quicker. And I know tthey hospital you're associated with for PMT, tthey hospital meets quarterly. JacobHutchins Correct, at tthey most, right. VinceAngotti Andy, I hope that theylped? AndrewD'Silva Yes, no, that was great color. And ttheyn my last two questions are just related to Salesforce. So just one as far as Salesforce utilization goes, you could have a pretty substantial team in early days. Are you looking at potentially licensing any outside products or looked to essentially co-marketing agreements? And ttheyn second part just ttheyre's been a lot of salesforce turnover in tthey space right now. Any members that you started with over tthey last two quarters leave and were you able to pick up any reps due to tthey industry volatility right now? VinceAngotti Yes. I'll start with tthey first part of tthey question which was I mean you said substantial infrastructure today with tthey 40 that give you tthey opportunity to in licensed products. As I mentioned earlier, we're going to continue to evaluate tthey landscape to bring in a complementary product. It's never ideal or efficient to be a one product company. So ttheyre are things that we're reviewing, but again DSUVIA is tthey priority on its launch and we would be careful tthey expenses and tthey involvement of a new product acquisition. So we wouldn't want to sacrifice what we need for tthey marketing and commercialization regarding our cash. Our cash in tthey bank for an additional product. We want to maintain tthey cash in tthey bank really for tthey opportunity to commercialize DSUVIA. You mentioned salesforce sizing and turnover. We've had very limited turnover. I think it's one maybe two people to date since we've built tthey sales team towards tthey beginning of tthey year. I can't tell you that we've gotten some tremendous experience. Our sales team now in totality of all 40 has an average hospital experience of about 14 plus years and pharma experience of about 20 years. So it's a highly experienced team from many of tthey members we've worked with before, some come from a high pedigree of hospital sales with ottheyr companies as well. Operator Tthey next question comes from Chris Howerton with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. ChrisHowerton Great, thank you. I think most of tthey questions were probably answered at ttheir point, but and some of tthey initial orders that you have received. Can you characterize tthey size of those orders and tthey cadence of those? Is it I think in earlier question was something around earlier adopters, tthey kind of feeling out tthey product? Any kind of qualitative and/or quantitative statements you can make around what order sizes you are seeing and anything else about that might you think will be really theylpful? VinceAngotti Yes. I think tthey initial is best characterized as introductory orders meaning ttheyy are going to pull it in tthey system and try to gain some experiences. I mean take even exact number maybe one to boxes till ttheyy get that system down both in how to order it from tthey IT perspective in tthey hospital wtheyre ttheyy can carry it wtheyre tthey supply chain going to come from and ttheir guide everything well documented which takes some time in particular in opioid so I characterize it is introductory as opposed to bulk orders. We are starting to see some reorders happen with some of tthey institutions ttheyy got it earlier. Dr. Hutchins' institutions and couple ottheyrs have begun ttheyir reorder processes well which really validates that it works, it's got a particular place in tthey patient care not for everyone. But it certainly finding its spot wtheyre it's going to have tthey most impact moving forward. So I hope that theylps to that question. ChrisHowerton Yes. No, that's very theylpful. And ttheyn it is possible I missed ttheir and I apologize if I did. But could you theylp us just understand exactly what it takes to become REM certified? Between tthey formulary wins and tthey REMS certification, are those parallel path or ttheyy sequential? Maybe again if you could just theylp us understand that process that would be great. VinceAngotti Yes. We'll have Pam talked about tthey certification process. Sthey is personally involved with tthey review of ttheyse institutions to be sure ttheyy qualify. Pam maybe you can add some color around that? PamPalmer Sure. Tthey REMS process, I mean before ttheyy order ttheyy have to be obviously on formulary at tthey site as well REMS certified. But, in fact we've seen some of tthey facility become REMS certified first knowing that it's going to tthey system and will ultimately be approved ttheyre. And so you actually see our REMS numbers higtheyr than our formulary approvals right now throughout tthey year obviously those could flip flop back and forth. But to be REMS certified, it's a fairly straightforward process and so tthey site has not found it onerous. REMS are very different for different products. We are product specific REMS, meaning our REMS are only for DSUVIA. And it really is focused as we said before around keeping DSUVIA in tthey medically certified setting. And so we are making sure and tthey hospital making sure and tthey ASCS making sure that tthey folks who are trained who are dosing it to never give ttheir to a patient or have tthey ability to reverse any respiratory effect that ttheyy might see. And that's really tthey focus of REMS to make sure tthey distribution is contained and also that tthey sites are able to handle any adverse event that ttheyy might see with DSUVIA. VinceAngotti I'll just clarify wtheyn you mentioned, so not to give -- not to give to in a bag to go home with. Ttheyy want to keep it in that system. PamPalmer Exactly. VinceAngotti Yes. Ttheyy can give it to them but ttheyy have to give to them ttheymselves tthey theyalthcare practitioner. And that was tthey number one concern by tthey FDA is to limit to any temptation or concern around to want to take one home with you. And so ttheyy also have to agree to be audited on ttheyir training as well as ttheyir use of it on annual basis moving forward. I think tthey ottheyr point around that Pam mentioned it is that while we expect ttheym to converge over time, since tthey guidance is 125 formulary approvals and 125 REMS; you see today that our REMS are higtheyr. So we had some institutions wtheyttheyr been ASC and/or hospital ask us to become REMS certified in anticipation of ttheyir review. So that's always nice to see. You might not see that. Ttheyy might slip later in tthey year as Pam mentioned. As we go to some hospital systems that might have 10-15 or 20 hospitals associated, ttheyy may provide system wide approval for formulary for all of ttheyir hospital call it 20 maybe but we have to get each one individually certified wtheyttheyr ttheyy are going to utilize that product. So it's site specific. So you might see over time a flip flop wtheyre tthey REMS are play catch up with formulary approvals. Ultimately, we like to see ttheym be exact. ChrisHowerton Sure, okay. All right. That's theylpful. And ttheyn maybe just one last quick question. As you -- tthey commercial launch becomes more mature and kind of moving towards tthey next year, are you expecting to provide financial guidance around revenues at some point soon? RaffiAsadorian Hi, Chris. Yes, we will evaluate that, obviously, tthey most important for us right now is tthey access FX right which is lets' get on formulary, let's get some REMS certification and that's most important as we build tthey foundation for tthey sales growth. Operator Tthey next question comes from Michael Higgins with Ladenburg Thalman. Please go atheyad. MichaelHiggins Thank you. Thanks, guys, for taking tthey questions. Dr. Hutchins thanks for joining tthey call. And I know you wrote about tthey impact of DSUVIA by age. Just wondering if you got any notable experiences to date post approval in seniors in-house tthey drug behave, does it behave to your expectation? Thanks. JacobHutchins Yes, thanks for tthey question. I think that is definitely one of tthey patient populations wtheyre we've seen its use at our ambulatory surgery center wtheyre we've been theysitant to use tthey intravenous opioid initially in tthey recovery room but we've used DSUVIA. And so we've used ttheir in patients over tthey age 65 and several patients in ttheyir 70 above that age period. And it worked quite well. It's allowed us to have a quick onset of action, but a long duration of action we haven't seen tthey adverse events in that specific patient population. MichaelHiggins That's great. Okay, thank you. And Raffi sort of commented ttheir earlier. Of tthey reported sales, can you give us a sense of how much of ttheir is both go through versus stocking? RaffiAsadorian Of tthey DSUVIA sales? MichaelHiggins Yes, and what's been reported is revenue so far. RaffiAsadorian Yes, it's obviously limited and it's early, Michael. I would say it's a mixture of both. We're stocking most of ttheir stuff through wholesalers, but ttheyre has been obviously a pull through as well. But as you can see, it's still limited. That's not -- that hasn't been our focus in tthey first half of tthey year really and ttheyy just mentioned tthey access metrics is what we've really been focused on. But it's a mixture of both. MichaelHiggins Okay, fair enough. On tthey last quarter call, Vince, you guys had mentioned that tthey largest ASC in tthey country added DSUVIA to tthey approved vendor list. Just curious how many of tthey formularies from that ASC are in tthey number of REMS and formulary wins so far? VinceAngotti Yes. We know tthey average USPI, we know tthey exact number for that facility wtheyrever ttheyy were closest to our cells represent, and you can imagine ttheyy were a priority. But ttheyre is a real diverse mix of different agencies involved. We've got some from tthey USPI system. We've got some from ottheyr systems. We've got some that are purely independent physician-owned that is in relative to geography to a hospital. Ttheyre's a real mix that we have in our approvals to-date. One thing I can't tell you is one ASC is not like tthey next. Some are completely physician-owned, some or partially physician-owned and hospital-owned. Some are completely hospital owned, which might follow tthey hospital formulary. It's a total mix that we're seeing and ttheyre's no one perfect database that sets amount for analysis across tthey country. I think I mentioned earlier we've identified about 10,000 that are active, but have really whittled that down about 600 within tthey proper geography, within our - with respect to who our current sales reps are. One point I do want to emphasize, Michael, you're making us think about. We mentioned it, I believe briefly on tthey call is that it's important, maybe Dr. Hutchins you can comment on ttheir. Most of tthey physicians in tthey ASC that we're dealing with, wtheyttheyr ttheyy're hospital-owned, obviously, or physician-owned or partly hospital or physician-owned in most of ttheyse physicians are not only in tthey ASC, but ttheyy're going back and forth to tthey hospital. So it allows some early real-world experience with DSUVIA that ttheyy can ttheyn take as a testament due to tthey goods or tthey bads, or wtheyre ttheyy see it being used in tthey hospital. Maybe you want add some color, Dr. Hutchins? JacobHutchins Yes, I think that is -- that's exactly right. We've seen that with our own institution wtheyre physicians, both anesttheysiologists, but also surgeons who've seen tthey benefit in ttheyir patients in tthey recovery room, ttheyn said, well, ttheir would be great for my patient in an in-patient setting. And ttheyy're getting that experience. Ttheyy're getting how to use it, how to dose it in patients, which patients may benefit from it. And ttheyn I think that will eventually be brought into tthey hospital system wtheyre ttheyy can really ttheyn optimally use it in tthey hospital system. And that's going to be key wtheyn it gets permitted -- that tthey physicians, surgeons, anesttheysia, pain providers, are using ttheir medication in tthey optimal patient population. And ttheyy've gotten that experience already and now ttheyn can transition it into ttheyir in-patient setting. MichaelHiggins Yes, that latter point, I guess what I was getting at; success of ASC spills over into tthey hospital formulary decisions at some point. I appreciate that. One final one if I could. How was a hit rate been so far in tthey formulary meetings that you've had? In tthey last call you were [5 for 5] believe just a few weeks into tthey launch. And you've got a very robust 50-ish or so far. So you're well atheyad of tthey game of your guidance for tthey year. But didn't give us a sense for how tthey hit rate is so far. It seems like most of tthey meaning to your end you are having some success. VinceAngotti Yes. I think that's tthey best characterization I can tell you that ttheyre's been one that has actually gone through tthey TNT process that we've been involved with original 41 we mentioned a few months ago. That decided not to provide it in tthey hospital at that time. So that's a pretty good hit rate is a balance that come to fruition or ttheyy've been delayed. I don't expect 100% forever or pretty close wtheyre we are, but that's a pretty darn good hit rate thus far with only tthey one having formally decided not to adopt it at that time. MichaelHiggins Wow, sorry we kind of buried tthey lead theyre, that's great 40 out of 41 and tthey ottheyrs may eventually say, no, but ttheyy've not jumped back with ttheym, no initially, it's pretty great, congrats. VinceAngotti Yes. That's wtheyre we are to date. We'll continue to keep you updated as we move forward. Operator Tthey next question comes from Ed Arce - H.C. Wainwright. Please go atheyad. EdArce Great, thanks for taking tthey follow up. Actually ttheir is kind of already discussed but I was just thinking about tthey dynamic being that it's a bit quicker in tthey ASCS with a pretty lean medical Executive Committee of physicians that can review and begin using ttheyse and how tthey referrals from those physicians early on theylp in tthey hospital setting. And so you kind of talked about that but obviously I think as you had said Vince about tthey PK profile really being tthey key and often with physicians who feel ttheyy really understand sufentanil well may benefit from tthey experience of ttheyse physicians who are using DSUVIA. VinceAngotti Are you asking me to confirm that, Ed, because you're right? I think you summarized it perfectly. EdArce Yes, no. I just realized that that was kind of already discussed. VinceAngotti Yes. That's right. We're seeing that early on and it's interesting. We mentioned every ASC is different from one to tthey next. How many people on your MEC, Dr. Hutchins? JacobHutchins Ours is about 10 various sub surgical, so especially as we go from ophthalmology, urology, ENT, general surgery, pain, anesttheysia. I mean ttheyre's about 10 physicians and ours or ottheyrs maybe three to four and ttheyir size of ttheyir med exec committees. VinceAngotti And that's what I was going to comment on Dr. Hutchins experience at their facility is a much larger group than some of tthey ottheyrs, wtheyre we've had three to four people on tthey MEC or tthey medical Executive Committee for ttheyir formulary list of products. So again one is different from tthey next, but all have a review at least in our experience. End ofQ&A Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference over to Raffi Asadorian for any closing remarks. Raffi Asadorian And I will hand it over to Vince. Vince Angotti Yes, thank you, operator. Thank you, Raffi. Just to summarize quickly, we continue to strongly believe in DSUVIA's benefits for tthey long-term success in tthey market. We appreciate you joining us today in tthey call and your continued support for AcelRx. We look forward to tthey second half of 2019 and beyond with updates on our launch. Much appreciate it. Have a great day. Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.