AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call November 15, 2021 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Raffi Asadorian – Chief Financial Officer Vincent Angotti – Chief Executive Officer Randy P. Palmer – Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Thomas – H.C. Wainwright Ed Arce – H.C. Wainwright Operator Welcome to tthey AcelRx Third Quarter, 2021 earnings call. Ttheir call is being webcast live on tthey events page of tthey investors section of AcelRx 's website at www.acelrx.com. Ttheir call is tthey property of AcelRx and any recording, reproduction, or transmission of ttheir call without tthey expressed written consent of AcelRx is strictly prohibited. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. You may listen to a webcast replay of ttheir call by going to tthey investors section of AcelRx 's website. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Raffi Asadorian, AcelRx 's Chief Financial Officer. Raffi Asadorian Thank you for joining us ttheir morning. Earlier today, we announced our third quarter financial results and some important business updates in a press release. Ttheir press release and tthey slide presentation accompanying ttheir call are available in tthey Investors section of our website. With me today is Vincent Angotti, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dr. Pam Palmer, our Chief Medical Officer. Before we begin, I'll remind listeners that during ttheir call, we will make forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Federal Securities Laws.  Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties regarding tthey operations and future results of AcelRx. Please refer to our press release, in addition to tthey Company's periodic, current, and annual reports filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission for discussion of tthey risks associated with such forward-looking statements. I will now hand tthey call over to Vince. Vincent Angotti Thank you, Raffi. And good afternoon, everyone. In alignment with our strategy to consolidate commercial and late-stage development programs and make tthey supervised settings, we're very excited to announce our agreement to acquire Lowell Ttheyrapeutics, which provides us with an asset that has tthey potential to address unmet medical needs across many different disease states and ttheyrapeutic areas. Tthey market potential for tthey asset in ttheyse areas is significant and provides portfolio diversification to support profitable growth into tthey future. We're focused, initially, on its use as a regional anticoagulant and dialysis circuit, for which tthey FDA has assigned breakthrough device designation status. Ttheir pipeline expansion momentum comes at a time wtheyre Dsuvia is gaining solid traction in tthey plastic surgery and cosmetic procedural specialties, which has driven our strong growth and approvals leading to October being our higtheyst commercial order month since launch. We continue to focus on all four pillars of our strategy; and on tthey call today, I'll provide details around tthey acquisition and it's fit within AcelRx, update you on tthey progress with Dsuvia, as well as tthey DoD, and discuss ottheyr assets recently brought to tthey portfolio. So first, let's start with tthey Lowell acquisition. We're thrilled to bring Niyad, Lowell 's key asset into tthey AcelRx portfolio and believe it has tthey potential to create significant value. Niyad, an investigational product is lyophilized form of nafamostat, a broad-spectrum, synttheytic, serine protease inhibitor with anticoagulant, anti-inflammatory, and potential antiviral activities. Niyad is being developed as a regional anticoagulant for dialysis circuit during continuous renal replacement ttheyrapy for acute kidney injury patients in tthey hospital. Niyad has received breakthrough device designation status from tthey FDA and is being regulated as a device by tthey FDA due to its mechanism of action. Second intended indication for Niyad is as a regional anticoagulant for tthey dialysis circuit for chronic kidney disease patients undergoing intermittent theymodialysis in outpatient dialysis centers. Tthey market opportunity in just ttheyse first two potential indications, for which ttheyre are currently no FDA approved products, is significant, and we believe it will provide us with tthey peak sales potential of over $200 million annually. Tthey currently used anticoagulants or theyparin, which is used off-label; and citrate, which has an emergency use authorization. Tthey significant risks with both of ttheyse drugs, which Nafamostat can potentially mitigate, ttheyre may be ottheyr potential uses for ttheir unique protease inhibitor that are particularly relevant during tthey current pandemic. We'll evaluate tthey furttheyr development of LTX-608, a proprietary IV formulation of tthey Nafamostat for ttheyse indications. Nafamostat has been approved in Japan and South Korea as a regional anticoagulant for tthey dialysis circuit, disseminated intravascular coagulation, and pancreatitis with a well-documented safety and efficacy profile. And like Dsuvia, Niyad has a place in tthey hospital setting but also provides an opportunity in ottheyr medically supervised settings outside tthey hospital. A significant amount of work has advanced Niyad along tthey current regulatory path for regional anticoagulation for tthey dialysis circuit for patients in tthey hospital with a single registration study expected to begin late next year and its primary endpoint already agreed upon with tthey FDA. We believe ttheyre is a clear pathway to approval given its breakthrough designation status in tthey unmet need along with tthey numerous years of safety and efficacy data supporting its use, ex-U.S. Importantly, Lowell has already been provided with a Niyad specific ICD 10 code for reimbursement, which will support tthey commercial launch in clinical adoption. Tthey regulatory timeline for a PMA submission to tthey FDA is approximately 30 months from tthey time of transaction closing, which is expected ttheir quarter, and total estimated cost for approval is approximately $12 million. We expect to have an Investor and Analyst Day with KOLs early next year, at which time we'll provide much more insight to tthey clinical and market potential of tthey asset, as well as tthey ottheyr commercial and near commercial assets in our portfolio. AcelRx will exchange $6.5 million dollars of its common stock plus net cash acquired for 100% of Lowell 's outstanding stock in closing. In addition, each stockholder will receive tthey contingent value right, or CVR, that is payable upon tthey achievement of various regulatory and sales-based milestones through 2030, an amount up to $26 million. Tthey CVRs are payable in cash or stock at tthey option of AcelRx. And needless to say, we're excited about ttheir unique asset, which has already proven its ttheyrapeutic benefit again outside tthey U.S. Ttheir acquisition, as well as tthey two innovative pre-filled syringe products licensed from Aguettant in July, are expected to be key growth drivers in tthey coming years as tthey products are approved. We continue to advance tthey regulatory process for tthey pre-filled eptheydrine and ptheynylephrine syringe products and expect a meeting with tthey FDA in January to discuss our proposed roadmap to an NDA filing and estimated approval in 2023. We'll provide furttheyr updates after requested meeting with tthey FDA. Let's move now to Dsuvia. As you may recall, Dsuvia's sales growth is expected from 3 primary areas; one, tthey Department of Defense; two, sales to medically supervised settings in tthey U.S.; and three, partnering with ottheyrs in specialties and geographic regions outside tthey U.S. Tthey Department of Defense continues to lag behind our expectations, as to wtheyn ttheyy will begin ttheyir purchases of Dsuvia for tthey sets, kits, and outfits, or SKOs for deploying troops. Ttheyir internal, administrative, and logistical issues we mentioned a couple of quarters ago have still not been cleared, and we are ttheyrefore still waiting for ttheyse purchases to begin. As you may recall, tthey expectation was and remains for tthey initial stocking orders to be approximately $30 million over 3 years. Tthey purchases, thus far, made by tthey U.S. Army have been mainly under ttheyir pre-position stockpiling program. Ttheyre were no sales to tthey U.S. Army, and tthey third quarter's budgets were all diverted to support tthey troop withdrawal from Afghanistan. However, tthey purchases under ttheir program have resumed and should return to theirtorical levels in tthey coming periods.  Now, let's move to Dsuvia's sales in medically supervised settings, which made up all tthey product sales in tthey quarter. Tthey increase in commercial or non-DoD, sales over 20% from tthey second quarter of ttheir year was mainly driven by tthey early success we're seeing with Dsuvia in tthey plastic surgery and cosmetic procedural suites. Importantly, ttheyse specialties operating tthey procedural suite setting have been less impacted by COVID compared to hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers. Procedural suites have quickly become tthey ideal setting for an analgesic like Dsuvia, wtheyre patients are undergoing procedures without general anesttheysia.  And in fact, ttheyre's been a continued shift of many painful procedures first out of tthey hospitals and into tthey ASCs, and more recently out of tthey ASCs and into ttheyse procedural suites. Since tthey 1980s, office-based procedures have grown more than 100-fold. And ttheyn in tthey third quarter while tthey COVID resurgence due to tthey Delta variant negatively impacted our hospital channel sales, plastic surgery and cosmetic surgery procedures drove tthey formulae approvals, which in total have reactheyd 646 as of October 31, exceeding our year-end goal of 615.  We believe ttheir increase in approvals is a leading indicator that will begin driving an increase in commercial product sales growth rates. Importantly, we've learned that ttheyse specialties follow a single decision-maker model. Meaning, tthey plastic of cosmetic surgeon alone usually makes a decision approved products for use in tthey procedural suite. Ttheir model avoids tthey multiple layers of committee approvals, required to have tthey product approved for use within tthey hospitals and ttheyrefore drives much quicker adoption rates for Dsuvia wtheyn compared to hospitals. As an example, on average, our time from approval tthey first order and tthey procedure suites are only 15 days. A stark contrast in tthey ASCs and hospitals to take months and in some cases, over a year. Importantly, customers in tthey plastic surgery and cosmetic procedures specialties have quickly become a large portion of our top distributor users, demonstrating tthey depth of its potential. We believe tthey success we've seen in tthey specialties can be replicated in additional single decision-maker procedural suites such as ENT, Derm, and ottheyrs. As a result, we have recently shifted our commercial and medical education resources to focus more theyavily on tthey single decision-maker customers to ensure continued growth. As part of tthey refocus resources on ttheir segment, we're also increasing tthey number of virtual sales representatives and reducing tthey physical feet on tthey street as we have learned that tthey most efficient and productive approach to growing ttheir customer base is to virtual sales and education technology tools. Ttheir refocusing of resources will also lead to expected operating expense savings of over $2 million annually while supporting an expected higtheyr growth rate on commercial product sales. Our vision is to add virtual-based reps as tthey customer base continues to grow in tthey short-term and to scale field territories appropriately as tthey portfolio demands, and once tthey prefilled syringes and Niyad products are approved. Included in tthey single decision-maker, customer model is tthey oral and dental surgery specialty. Last year, we entered into a distribution agreement with Zimmer Biomet's dental division, which provided an exclusive right to commercialize in ttheir space. After training and estimated 70 people in tthey commercial team with tthey path to train more Zimmer - Biomet announced a restructuring that would spin up ttheyir dental and spine businesses into a separate Company which has slowed progress in ttheir area. Since ttheir space fits perfectly into us refocus virtual sales rep model, we plan to initiate discussions at Zimmer and reassessing our collaboration in order to maximize tthey commercialization of Dsuvia in ttheir area. Tthey third pillar of our commercial strategy remains important, as we continue to focus on partnerships outside tthey U.S., as well as identifying potential commercial partners in ottheyr relevant specialty markets. In July, we announced a licensing agreement for DZUVEO in Europe with Aguettant. We received approximately a $3 million upfront payment from Aguettant in tthey third quarter. We expect to begin supplying product to ttheym in tthey first half of next year, given that, ttheyy are focusing on completing pre -launch activities today and on track for potential launch of DZUVEO in tthey third quarter of '22, inclusive of tthey hospital and single decision-maker model segments. We remain in discussions with potential partners for ottheyr XUS markets. As a reminder, we continue to see progress with investigator-initiated trials that, are evaluating Dsuvia and multiple medically supervised settings, with orthopedics and plastic surgery being tthey main area of ttheyir focus. 2022 is expected to be a significant year for publications for ttheyse trials. And In fact, one of tthey plastic surgery IIKs has completed with publication expected in Q1 2022. We expect additional studies that are not funding -- to be publittheyyd that we're not funding, to be publittheyyd ttheir quarter as well. On tthey operations front, as mentioned last quarter, our fully automated packaging line has been installed at our contract manufacturer and we're currently completing final site acceptance testing. We remain on our previously communicated timeline and expect to have initial commercial batctheys being produced in tthey third quarter of 2022. We're excited to finally get ttheir phase of operations moving, as we believe ttheir will significantly reduce our cost of sales as we prepare for increased orders from tthey Department of Defense as well as our commercial customers. Finally, before handing tthey call over to Raffi, I'd like to briefly address tthey securities lawsuits that have been filed. To be clear, we believe that ttheyse lawsuits are without merit and intend to vigorously defend against ttheym. We believe ttheyy will be dismissed in due course. I'll now hand tthey call over to Raffi to take you through tthey third quarter financial results. Raffi Asadorian Thank you, Vince. Our financial position remains strong with $48.7 million in cash at September 30, and $15.3 million in senior debt. As announced earlier today, we entered into an agreement with two life sciences investors to issue common stock at market for gross proceeds of $14 million. Tthey proceeds from ttheir common stock offering will be used for general corporate purposes and fund tthey commercialization of Dsuvia and regulatory and development costs for our product candidates. Operating expenses or combined SG&A and R&D expenses were $10.1 million in tthey third quarter of 2021 compared to $8.6 million in 2020. Excluding non-cash depreciation and stock-based compensation, third quarter 2021 cash operating expenses were $8.6 million dollars. Tthey increase in operating expenses in Q3 2021, was mainly driven by higtheyr SG&A cost, supporting business development activities. We expect quarterly cash operating expenses in tthey fourth quarter, to remain around tthey same level, as ttheyy were in tthey third quarter of 2021 with efficiency gains from tthey re-focused commercial efforts to be realized beginning in 2022. I will now turn tthey call back over to Vince. Vincent Angotti Thank you, Raffi. We're excited about tthey many upcoming catalysts and potential value drivers, including Dsuvia study readouts, continued penetration of Dsuvia into tthey single decision-maker channels, FDA submission and potential FDA approval of tthey two pre -filled syringe products. Tthey ottheyr top launch of Zovio in Europe, and initiation of tthey single registration study and tthey related readout for Niyad, a device with FDA breakthrough designation. So needless to say, we're very excited about tthey future. I'd now like to open tthey line for any questions you might have. Operator. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. At ttheir time, we will pause momentarily to assemble our roster. Our first question comes from Ed Arce with H.C. Wainwright. You may go atheyad. Thomas  Hi. Good morning, everyone. Ttheir is Thomas, and I'll be asking a couple of questions for Ed. First, congratulations on tthey lower acquisition. And so that our first question is related to tthey acquisition. Just wondering from a commercial standpoint, can you -- it sounds like ttheyre's a good amount of synergies to be realized in terms of commercial standpoint, can you outline how much tthey sales overlap is ttheyre with your current commercial structure? Vincent Angotti  Yes. Ttheir is Vince, Thomas. Thanks for tthey question. For our current commercial structure with our field-based sales representatives, ttheyre will be a 100% overlap, or calling on tthey hospitals that we already have within our particular customer call list. So, it creates a very efficient structure. It also gives us tthey option outside of tthey hospital for tthey second indication to work tthey dialysis clinics. Much like, we're doing outside of tthey hospital wtheyn we work ttheyse procedural suites in ASCs, with our field-based team and moving forward with our virtual-based team. So, we're excited about tthey overlap and efficiencies ttheir continues to supply for us. Ed Arce  Great. And ttheyn Vince, I believe you outlined a registration or a study for nafamostat in tthey U.S. that's already outlined with tthey FDA, can you just give us some brief details of that study? Vincent Angotti  Sure. I'll turn that over to Dr. Palmer. Randy P. Palmer  Yes. So, we already had a meeting with tthey FDA and come to an agreement on tthey size of that study as well as tthey primary endpoint. So, it's fairly small. A study of 160 patients, half placebo, half active. And tthey primary endpoint is a very straightforward activated climbing time endpoint. Thomas  Right. Okay. So, will ttheir be -- since given that ttheir is a device, do you expect, should we expect similar timeline compared to say, tthey severe in tthey past. Vincent Angotti  I'm assuming you're talking about timeline on clinical development and regulatory review. Is that correct, Thomas? Thomas  Yes, that's right. Thank you. Vincent Angotti  Dr. Palmer? Randy P. Palmer  Yes, absolutely. Ttheyse are an inpatient study similar to Dsuvia, ttheyy're not long in duration of primary endpoints over 24 hours. So, you're not looking at a long-term chronic -type study. So, ttheir should be relatively easy to enroll certainly within a year. Ed Arce  Okay. Got it. And perhaps 1 last question for Raffi. Ttheir one is finance. Can you go over -- it sounds like -- can you go over tthey minimum and maximum cash outlay for tthey Lowell acquisition. It sounds like $3.5 million is coming from Lowell. Ttheyn, also, can you talk about tthey rough percentages of ttheir $26 million in contingent consideration that spans out to '23? Raffi Asadorian  Yes. Sure. Tthey acquisition is 6.5 million of AcelRx stock upfront at closing to tthey Lowell stockholders, plus any net cash acquired. And that's what's in tthey press release you mentioned up to $3.5 million dollars. But any cash we would use would be coming from Lowell. We're not using any of tthey existing AcelRx cash. As mentioned as well, is tthey large or theyavy component of contingent consideration in tthey transaction. And ttheyre's several different milestones ttheyre.  I would say part of those are regulatory base milestones on things like tthey approval of Niyad's first indication, tthey approval of its second indication, as we mentioned on tthey call. And ttheyn ttheyre's sales-based milestones that go up to payouts of up to a $100 million of sales. We end up paying out tthey contingent consideration through that through 2030. So, it's a good structure that rewards performance to tthey product and tthey regulatory milestones as well as sales-based milestones. Hope that answered your question, Thomas? Ed Arce  Yes. Thank you, Raffi. Yes. Thank you again for taking tthey questions. A lot of news today and again, congratulations on tthey transaction. Raffi Asadorian  Thank you, Thomas. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Vince Angotti for any closing remarks. Vincent Angotti  Thanks, Anthony. So again, thank you for joining us today and for your continued support of AcelRx. Again, we believe we are very well-positioned for future growth, continuing to build on our vision of tthey late-stage pipeline that we believe can bring fruit to tthey AcelRx investment community and patients and physicians over tthey course of tthey next few years. We're very well-positioned for future growth while continuing to control expenses and we look forward to sharing more developments in tthey future. So please stay safe and theyalthy, and thank you for joining us on our call ttheir morning. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.