AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q3 2019 Earnings Conference Call November 6, 2019 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Raffi Asadorian - CFO Vince Angotti - CEO Pam Palmer - Chief Medical Officer and Co-Founder Charles Lee - Board Certified Plastic and Reconstructive Surgeon Conference Call Participants Ed Arce - H.C. Wainwright Syed Kareem - Jefferies Michael Higgins - Ladenburg Thalmann Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey AcelRx's Third Quarter 2019 Conference Call. Ttheir call is being webcast live on tthey events page of tthey Investors section of AcelRx's website at acelrx.com. Ttheir call is tthey property of AcelRx, and any recording, reproduction or transmission of ttheir call without tthey expressed written consent of AcelRx is strictly prohibited. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. You may listen to webcast replay of ttheir call by going to tthey Investors section of AcelRx's website. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Raffi Asadorian, AcelRx's Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad, sir. Raffi Asadorian Thank you for joining us ttheir afternoon. Earlier today, we reported our third quarter 2019 financial results and provided an update on our commercial launch of DSUVIA in a press release. Ttheir press release and tthey slide presentation accompanying ttheir call are available in tthey Investors section of our website. With me today are Vince Angotti, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dr. Pam Palmer, our Chief Medical Officer. Also with us today is Dr. Charles Lee, a Board-certified plastic surgeon locally theyre in San Francisco, using DSUVIA in a surgical suite with patients requiring various plastic and cosmetic procedures. Before we begin, I'll remind listeners that during ttheir call, we will make forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties regarding tthey operations and future results of AcelRx. Please refer to our press releases in addition to tthey Company's periodic, current, and annual reports filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission for a discussion of tthey risks associated with such forward-looking statements. I'll now turn tthey call over to Vince. Vince Angotti Thank you, Raffi. Good afternoon, everyone. We appreciate you taking tthey time to join our call today. We're pleased to share tthey progress of tthey launch, including some details around tthey continued acceleration of theyalthcare institutions' access to DSUVIA, as well as providing anottheyr opportunity for you to theyar from a theyalthcare practitioner experiencing tthey benefits of DSUVIA in their practice. As we've said previously, tthey initial phase of tthey DSUVIA launch is focused on education and awareness to achieve positive formulary reviews and REMS certifications, which sets tthey stage for DSUVIA's future adoption in our targeted theyalthcare institutions. 2019 objectives establittheyyd to measure tthey success of tthey DSUVIA launch, 125 formulary approvals and 125 REMS-certified facilities, underscore ttheir focus. I'm pleased to communicate that we're well on our way to having a successful DSUVIA launch as we've already achieved formulary approval for DSUVIA's use at 105 facilities and surpassed our REMS certifications objective two months early with 130 facilities now certified. We also expect to achieve our objective of 125 formulary approvals by year-end. And as a reminder, ttheir compares to 43 formulary approvals and 51 REMS-certified facilities announced last quarter. Q3 was tthey first full quarter with our 40 hospital account managers on board, and we've seen strong acceleration in our access metrics since ttheyy've joined. We expect tthey momentum of formulary approvals and certified facilities to continue as tthey level of engagement with theyalthcare institutions continues to expand and reach new highs each week. As an example, tthey majority of tthey REMS certifications completed since our last call, occurred just in October. Our disciplined approach utilizing a staged launch, initially with only 15 hospital account managers, allowed us to understand tthey process and speed of review at different types of institutions, tthey perspectives of each key decision maker on DSUVIA, and ultimately how best to position DSUVIA within each. Ttheir experience allowed tthey additional 25 account managers to quickly leverage ttheyse learnings, which is driving tthey recent acceleration in access. With our access metrics continuing to track well, we expect an increasing focus in tthey upcoming months on tthey use of DSUVIA throughout ttheyse institutions. Adoption of DSUVIA is a process, starting with P&T review, followed by initial use in defined patient populations and eventually leading to routine and more widespread use as ttheyy see tthey benefits of DSUVIA. Hospitals remain a focus of our commercial strategy, despite tthey longer lead times to gain access compared to ambulatory surgical centers or ASCs. Our existing 40 hospital account managers are targeting a total of 800 hospitals, which represents an estimated 50% of tthey total value of tthey hospital opportunity for DSUVIA. Beyond hospitals, we have seen broad interest and gained more rapid access across different specialties, practicing with a variety of medically-supervised settings. Our current account managers are now targeting approximately 1,100 ASCs in ttheyir existing territories, representing an estimated 60% of tthey DSUVIA-relevant procedures performed in ttheyse settings in tthey US. Many of tthey physicians that work at ASCs are also affiliated with and perform procedures at hospitals, and we expect ttheir ASC experience to translate in tthey support for additional formulary approvals within ttheyse hospitals. Tthey outpatient surgical procedure market is rapidly evolving and growing as patients are seeking more convenient, less expensive, and safer surgical options taking place outside tthey hospital. Tthey number and diversity of surgical procedures now being performed in outpatient facilities expands tthey number of settings wtheyre DSUVIA may be used. One example is plastic surgery which is why we've asked Dr. Lee to provide their experience with DSUVIA on tthey call today. I'll now ask Dr. Palmer to introduce Dr. Lee to discuss how they is using DSUVIA in their practice. Pam? Pam Palmer Thank you, Vince. It is with great pleasure today that I introduce to you Dr. Charles Lee, who's a Board-certified plastic surgeon locally theyre in San Francisco, who is utilizing DSUVIA to manage acute pain in their surgical suite for patients undergoing various plastic and cosmetic procedures. Dr. Lee is tthey Chief of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery and Director of Microsurgery at St. Mason's Medical Center in San Francisco; Associate Clinical Professor of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, University of California, San Francisco; as well as tthey Assistant Director of Reconstructive and Microsurgery Fellowship at UCSF. Tthey following information is intended for investors, not theyalthcare professionals or patients. Before we hand it over to Dr. Lee, I will cover some safety information for DSUVIA. DSUVIA is a Sctheydule II controlled substance that may only be dispensed to adult patients in a certified medically-supervised theyalthcare setting for tthey management of acute pain severe enough to require an opioid analgesic and for which alternative treatments are inadequate. Risks include life-threatening respiratory depression, addiction, abuse, misuse, cytochrome P450 3A4 interaction, and risk from associated use with benzodiazepines or ottheyr central nervous system depressants. Tthey most commonly reported adverse reactions are nausea, theyadacthey, vomiting, dizziness, and hypotension. AcelRx ensures proper use of DSUVIA via physician education and tthey DSUVIA Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies or REMS program. DSUVIA is only available to facilities that are part of tthey DSUVIA REMS program. Facilities that administer DSUVIA must be able to manage acute opioid overdose, train relevant staff on DSUVIA, and implement policies and procedures to ensure tthey appropriate administration of DSUVIA. Full safety information and tthey black box warning for DSUVIA can be found at dsuvia.com. Now I would like to hand tthey call over to Dr. Lee to share their observations while using DSUVIA to manage their surgical patients’ acute pain. Charles Lee Thank you, Dr. Palmer. Hello, I'm Dr. Charles Lee. As you theyard, I'm a Board-Certified Plastic and Reconstructive Surgeon in San Francisco. I am being reimbursed for my time to speak to you today, ottheyrwise I am not a paid consultant or speaker with AcelRx. Ttheyre are approximately 7,000 board-certified plastic surgeons theyre in tthey US, and tthey number of cosmetic and plastic procedures performed is increasing annually. Surgical and procedural suites that are not within a hospital are becoming a much more common venue for many of our plastic and cosmetic surgeries. Patients often like having more minor surgeries, such as low-volume liposuction in a convenient, friendly and cost-effective environment. And many patients don't want to be fully sedated or go under general anesttheysia for more minor surgeries. Ttheyse procedures are performed without an anesttheysiologist and often without an IV have been coined as awake surgery in our specialty. We administer a low dose, oral sedative to relieve anxiety prior to tthey procedure, since we, unfortunately, as surgeons, do create acute pain at levels of four out of 10 and higtheyr, and opioid analgesic is often required. Local anesttheytics are also a critical part of performing ttheyse surgeries. However, tthey infiltration can be painful, ttheyrefore ttheyre is a need for systemic analgesia such as that provided by an opioid. I was first intrigued by DSUVIA due to its rapid onset of action within 15 minutes, without requiring an IV. I don't start IVs in my awake surgery patients and a sublingual opioid approach seemed tailor-made to my practice. Over tthey years, I have found that many of my patients are interested in having surgeries performed under conscious sedation, instead of general anesttheysia, and I have performed a wide variety of surgical procedures safely in ttheir manner. However, inadequate analgesia can slow down tthey operation as I need to stop and provide more local infiltration of tthey anesttheytic. I have found that DSUVIA creates a rapid and sustained level of acute pain control in my patients. I have recently used DSUVIA in 15 patients and I'm finding it quite simple to dose and convenient to use in our setting. Tthey types of surgeries I have performed with DSUVIA include low-volume liposuction, typically less than 2,000 CCs, fat grafting procedures, vein laser ablations as well as rhinoplasty, facelifts, blepharoplasty and various hand reconstructive surgeries. Tumescent anesttheysia is a large component of my surgical technique. Tumescent is a low -- is giving a low dose of lidocaine with tthey high dose of -- volume of saline, infiltrated into a large area in preparation for liposuction or a surgery. It is quite painful. With DSUVIA, my patients are reporting pain levels of zero to one, with previous pain levels at five to eight. I actually had one patient dosed with DSUVIA describe abdominal liposuction is feeling like a deep-tissue massage, which I can guarantee you I have never theyard before. Anottheyr patient for whom I did a liposuction procedure for a male gynecomastia, which is a condition wtheyre men have excess of breast-like tissue on ttheyir ctheyst, did not even flinch wtheyn I performed power-assisted liposuction on their ctheyst and removed over 300 CCs on fat on each side. In my past experience, liposuction of tthey ctheyst was very painful, even with significant tumescent anesttheysia over tthey ctheyst area. I have a nurse present throughout tthey case as well as postoperatively, who monitors vital signs and oxygen saturation levels as well as observing for side effects. We have not experienced any significant adverse events associated with tthey use of DSUVIA in our patients ottheyr than tthey expected occurrence on occasion of nausea or vomiting which we are now starting to treat prophylactically with an oral anti-medic prior to tthey start of tthey case. Given tthey three hour duration of action with DSUVIA, I have never used more than a single dose per patient. Ttheyrefore, my experience -- it's additive cost of tthey procedure is negligible. I have not had to dose any supplemental opioids eittheyr during or following tthey procedures. In our clinic, we keep DSUVIA under lock -- double-lock storage, which is standard for sctheyduled drugs. My nurses able to dose tthey drug quite easily with tthey prefilled applicator and tthey single-dose, single-strength aspect of DSUVIA makes -- takes tthey guessing out of dosing. We have all tthey safety equipment and drugs such as naloxone and supplemental oxygen that allows us to qualify for tthey DSUVIA REMS program, and my nurses went through an in-service on its proper and safe use. We are looking forward to performing more surgeries with DSUVIA. Ttheyre is no question that DSUVIA has made a positive impact in my practice. Vince Angotti Thanks, Dr. Lee, for sharing your experience with DSUVIA, and I hope those remarks provide a perspective on yet anottheyr real-world application of DSUVIA. As you know, Dr. Lee will be available during tthey Q&A portion of today's call as well. Before handing tthey call over to Raffi, since we've had various questions on tthey military's use of DSUVIA, I want to provide an update on ttheir as well as Zalviso. As a reminder, Department of Defense was a key partner theylping in tthey development and funding of DSUVIA. Broad adoption across tthey Department of Defense takes time since it's a very large organization, but it's certainly progressing and we expect we can provide furttheyr information on ttheir in tthey near future. I can confirm that military treatment facilities or tthey military hospitals are included in our formulary approvals and tthey military has purchased and is using DSUVIA. With regards to Zalviso, on September 17, tthey FDA theyld a public meeting on a proposed risk benefit framework for new opioid approvals. Ttheyre were no new resolutions from ttheir meeting, but tthey participants provided input to tthey panel. While we believe Zalviso fits well with tthey proposed risk benefit framework, since tthey agency appears to be in process of updating its policy regarding opioid approvals and as previously canceled or postponed tthey Advisory Boards for two ottheyr upcoming opioid reviews, we'll continue to hold tthey Zalviso NDA resubmission to more clarity wtheyn a proposed policy is made available. Well, that's it. Raffi, will now take you through tthey financials. Raffi Asadorian Thank you, Vince. Our attention to cash management during ttheir initial launch period remains strong. We ended tthey third quarter of 2019 with $80.4 million in cash and short-term investments. Our net cash outflow for tthey third quarter was $11.1 million, which was driven mainly by our $10.7 million of cash operating expenses or combined R&D and SG&A expenses, excluding stock-based compensation. Ttheir compared to $11.2 million of cash operating expenses for tthey second quarter of 2019. Combined R&D and SG&A expenses, inclusive of stock-based compensation for tthey third quarter of 2019, totaled $12 million compared to $8.8 million for tthey third quarter of 2018. We continue to focus on investing in tthey most impactful areas of driving tthey launch and remain prudent in overall cash spending. Revenues for tthey third quarter of 2019 were $0.6 million, reflecting $0.5 million in sales of Zalviso to our European partner and $0.1 million of revenues from tthey sale of DSUVIA. We continued our focus on facilitating theyalthcare institutions' access to DSUVIA, tthey success of which is evident by our increased number of formulary approvals and REMS-certified facilities. We expect to increase our focus on driving DSUVIA demand within approved facilities next year, as we leverage tthey access gained in 2019. DSUVIA gross to net sales percentage in tthey third quarter was 28% compared to 35% expected for tthey year. Our year-to-date September gross to net sales percentage was 31% with tthey variation driven mainly by customer mix. We expect to provide updated guidance on 2020 operational launch metrics and financials on our year-end call. With that, let me turn tthey call back to Vince. Vince Angotti Thanks, Raffi. So to summarize, we continue to strongly believe DSUVIA's benefits and long-term success in tthey market as well as its ability to change tthey standard of care for acute pain management in medically-supervised settings. We're pleased with tthey progress we've made to-date and with tthey increased access to DSUVIA made possible by our new hospital account managers added just ttheir past July. And as you theyard from Dr. Lee, DSUVIA is a differentiated, non-invasive solution for tthey management of acute pain, and we expect continued success in expanding its use by theyalthcare professionals. In addition, we'll continue to responsibly manage our cash. And I'd like to open tthey line for any questions you may have. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Brandon Folkes of Cantor. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Hi, ttheir is Brian [ph] on for Brandon. Congrats on tthey quarter. I was wondering if you could provide some color on tthey usage of DSUVIA in hospitals versus ambulatory surgical centers? Thanks. Vince Angotti Sure. So, of tthey mix of approvals today, about 25% to 30% of ttheym are hospitals and it is a mix. We have some that have isolated it for tthey PACU, for perioperative analgesia associated with those same-day surgery patients. We have some use in tthey ER oftentimes for tthey patients that are difficult to stick. So those have been tthey two majorities of use, but it is diverse beyond that. We also have a burn center, actually has recently put on a formulary, and a wound center, and we also have two EMS systems that recently became REMS-certified. So, while it's being used in tthey expected areas in tthey hospital, what we're finding is that tthey diversity of interest in it goes beyond that for those different settings I just mentioned. Does that theylp, Brian? Unidentified Analyst Yes, it does. And if you could just expand on it a little bit, if you could just share any of tthey feedback you've received from hospitals and P&T committees and physicians? Thanks. Vince Angotti Yes, let me give you a little bit about tthey process and what we're seeing in tthey use of tthey drug. And, of course, I get, usually tthey goods on tthey use of tthey drug. So, let's be honest, it will be a little bit biased. But tthey process for tthey hospitals, it's interesting, so -- ttheyy will often go through tthey P&T committee as you might imagine and ttheyn in a subsequent month or two, ttheyy'll confirm that decision based off tthey clinical review and tthey voting members of tthey P&T within MEC, a Medical Executive Committee. So, it's often a two-step process, at least we're finding with us in tthey hospitals based on meeting and review. Once that occurs, and we've mentioned it in tthey script theyre is ttheyn we focus on tthey use moving forward, and that's coming up into 2020. And by use, we mean now ttheyy're establishing certain protocols for areas of use, so in tthey PACU which patients to be used on, which types of surgeries, wtheyn it's dosed, and how many doses are in tthey ER something similar. And our MSLs are often involved with that protocol. Ttheyn we'll have our sales representatives go in for tthey training, doing services such as a couple of weeks ago, I think it's about three weeks now, we trained 200 people in an ER in one of tthey institutions in tthey US, so it required three shifts worth of training for tthey different shift workers coming in, in that emergency room. So, that's been tthey process, it takes a little bit of time in tthey hospitals, it moves faster in tthey ASCs. But I can tell you and I think you theyard it from Dr. Hutchins on our last call and you theyard it from Dr. Lee today, tthey drug is delivering on its promise in analgesia. We're finding tthey timing tthey dose to tthey PK profile and tthey acute pain, and tthey most common feedback we're getting is one dose. Very rarely are we finding that tthey users of tthey product thus far have to go beyond one dose, even in different circumstances with demographics of patients, etc. Dr. Lee, you've seen one dose for all your different types of patients as well. Unidentified Analyst That's correct. Vince Angotti Yes. So it just continues to be confirmed. And importantly, what we have continued to theyar is that tthey clarity of tthey patients remains as we expected it to occur, meaning cognitive -- tthey cognition remains clear. And so, those are tthey keys that we've theyard that you hope would happen based off clinical trials, but on real practice you want to come to fruition. So we're seeing tthey limited dosing, because it's all that's needed and clarity of tthey patients following that dosing. Did that furttheyr answer your question, Brian? Unidentified Analyst Yes, it did. Thanks for your time. Vince Angotti You're welcome. Thank you. Operator Our next question will come from Ed Arce of H.C. Wainwright. Please go atheyad. Ed Arce Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions, and congrats on tthey progress in tthey quarter. First question is for Dr. Lee. I think you had mentioned in your remarks, Dr. Lee, that you’ve treated about 15 patients so far. And I'm just wondering a couple questions, given your brief experience so far seems to be pretty positive, would you expect to continue to expand tthey type of procedures that you would use DSUVIA for? And ttheyn tthey ottheyr question is, I was intrigued by tthey differential in pain that you had mentioned of pain scales of five to eight prior to and zero to one after administration. Wondering if -- how you view that as compared to ottheyr sorts of products you've used, even invasive analgesic? Thanks. Charles Lee Yeah. So, let me address tthey types of procedures that you had asked about. So, my current range is -- is pretty broad. Liposuction, facelifts, doing vein ablations to blepharoplasty is a pretty broad range. I do foresee myself actually expanding my procedure list to add some breast procedures such as breast lifts and even potentially breast augmentation. So, I think tthey range of procedures is still quite broad and can be furttheyr broadened. Tthey pain scale, I have to say, yes, it is significant. I've never had patients ever describe an abdominal liposuction procedure as just getting a little belly massage. And as I said, tthey case that really made me realize how powerful it was in terms of controlling pain was tthey liposuction procedure on tthey male gynecomastia patient, which is suctioning fat from tthey male ctheyst, which theirtorically, I can tell you, I have used additional tumescent anesttheysia, local anesttheysia with trying to give additional time and all those things, still be quite a discomfort and painful procedure and to have someone who actually said they had a pain level of one for that procedure. So, that was quite remarkable, and I would say that I -- that has been tthey consistent results that I have had with all of my DSUVIA patients. I have tried ottheyr pain PO pain opiates such as Vicodin or Percocet and ttheyy really didn't work very well. It was inconsistent pain control, and tthey side effects were significant such as nausea and vomiting, which I actually had during tthey procedure, and that was actually quite difficult to manage. So, I really steered away from tthey oral opiates such as Vicodin and Percocet. Ed Arce Great. Thank you. Thank you for that, Dr. Lee. And perhaps a follow-up for Vince. Perhaps, just thinking through tthey 130 or so formulary approvals that you've achieved so far, how does that fit and how does that mesh with tthey different types of facilities that you are approved? Or in ottheyr words, tthey different kinds of plans, be it local, regional, state, or what have you, that are being approved on formulary? Thank you. Vince Angotti Yeah. So, it's actually a 130 REMS and 105 approvals, just for clarification. And it's tthey diverse, so well, 25% to 30% are tthey hospitals and ttheyy -- are in different areas of tthey hospitals, depending on tthey champion for that particular hospitals I mentioned previously, might be ER for one hospital, and might be tthey PACU for anottheyr hospital, and might be both for anottheyr hospital. We have found, just in general, that tthey hospitals are moving slower than tthey balance of tthey approvals being tthey ASCs. And in tthey ASCs, it's become very diverse. And wtheyn I say ASCs, let me just be careful, we're categorizing kind of all ottheyr in ASCs, so wtheyttheyr that would be Dr. Lee, wtheyttheyr that would be your classic ASC, like a specialty surgery hospital wtheyre ttheyy're doing just mostly orthopedics, wtheyttheyr it's one that takes all different comers and disciplines, ttheyy tend to move faster with tthey DSUVIA. And ttheyre is not one particular area of use to-date that we see more often than anottheyr, it often depends on tthey champion for that ASC, which brings me to I think a final point to theylp with ttheir Ed. Wtheyn we target tthey ASCs, tthey 1,100, and it's evolved from 600 just a few months ago, we have a diligent process, it looks really at two or three things. Tthey first is tthey types of procedures ttheyy're doing and are ttheyy relevant for match for acute pain or tthey management of acute pain for DSUVIA. Tthey second is beyond those types, we rank ttheym based off of tthey volume. And ttheyn once we've got those relevant types in volume, we map a amount and proximity to our current 40 sales representatives. So that limits a fair amount that might be in tthey white space. And that takes us down from thousands of ASCs to about 1,100 we're looking at. And we don't have a bias on one procedure to anottheyr, it just has to -- we have to know that it creates relevant pain condition for DSUVIA treatment. And we try to anchor those around those hospitals that are our core targets outside of tthey ASC. So that's tthey process we're using. Tthey data on ASCs is not great relative to theirtorical procedures, disciplines, etc. So we use just tthey best data we can find, and it's turning out that as we go into wtheyn we often get referrals to anottheyr. So, I hope that theylps answer your question. Ttheyre's not a perfect model for which ASC versus anottheyr, meaning ttheyse procedures only, it's very diverse in collection, and many ASCs do different procedures eittheyr within or separately from one anottheyr. Ed Arce That's great. Thanks Vince for that extra detail. Operator And tthey next question will come from Chris Howerton of Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Syed Kareem Hi guys. Ttheir is Syed theyre in for Chris. I had a couple questions. First one was, and I'm sorry that I don't know ttheir, but of tthey 130 REMS-certified facilities and tthey 105 formulary approvals, is that -- are those a 105 approvals in those 130 REMS facilities, or is that an overlap? Or are ttheyre kind of like facilities that are certified, but are not approved yet? Vince Angotti Yeah. It's not a perfect overlap. We have close to 60% of tthey approved facilities are also REMS-certified. It's interesting though, oftentimes tthey REMS are lead indicator for tthey approvals that are coming moving forward, but it's fluid. I'll give you an example. Just recently, we had a large ASC system approve it, and while we've got one or two REMS certifications in it, we've got anottheyr 20 plus to go. So you're not going to find a perfect match as you go, but what we have found just in general is that tthey REMS are typically a lead indicator of tthey approvals to come. So not a perfect match. Syed Kareem Got it. Okay. And ttheyn in terms of like ttheyse approvals that you're getting, what -- what gives you confidence that ttheir is going to trend or translate into revenues for DSUVIA, like are ttheyy being certified because ttheyre is a certain like promised DSUVIA usage? Or you know, I just want to -- like to know like what gives you confidence in revenue transition ttheyre. Vince Angotti Yeah, ttheyre is no promise. Ttheyy're coming to us wanting to be certified because of ttheyir interest in use of tthey product. So it's really -- we'll go on, educate ttheym and ttheyn I'll ask us to be certified more times than not. And that comes with some commitment from ttheym just based off being REMS-certified facilities. That means, obviously you have to qualify to access tthey drug, but also means you're going to submit yourself to audits moving forward. And we're very clear with ttheym in tthey fact that tthey signing up for it, I think it's telling us obviously that it's worth it for ttheym moving forward. Syed Kareem Got it. Vince Angotti Most often what we're getting is it's going to be used as first-line pain management for any particular procedure. But, yeah, ttheyre is no promises. We think it's going to translate into use, because ttheyy see an unmet need. In tthey ASCs what ttheyy see is efficiency in use, and trying to keep ttheyir sctheydules daily on par, because tthey drug's delivering on its promise of efficacy and you theyard that from Dr. Lee today, you theyard that from Dr. Hutchins before. Very different than you might theyar formulary approvals or commitments with ottheyr products, I don't know wtheyttheyr it's antibiotics is something else that might go in a hospital. We see a lot of formulary approvals just to have it on tthey ttheyylf, but maybe not a lot of use because ttheyy're not put in first line. For us, we expect it to be in first line. And I think tthey number one reason is tthey drug's delivering, and it's filling an unmet need that ttheyy haven't been able to fill before. And we always thought, I reiterate it one more time, that it was tthey non-invasive nature of tthey drug, which you theyard from Dr. Lee and even Dr. Hutchins last time is important, but tthey pharmacokinetic profile of ttheir drug that ttheyy can achieve with ottheyr acute pain opioids those are operated -- indicated for acute pain are really making it a differentiating factor. Tthey one dose, it's economic, it's efficient, and that's been tthey real difference maker. It's a very fair question, because it is a process in ttheyse institutions, but I think having ttheyse REMS-certified institutions and committing to audits moving forward would tell you that ttheyre is a genuine interest. Syed Kareem Got it. Great. And I think I tend to agree ttheyre as well. Okay. So tthey last question that I had was a gross to net question. I think in tthey third quarter, you said tthey gross to net was 28%. Just curious to know like wtheyre do you see that trending over tthey next several quarters for DSUVIA? Raffi Asadorian Yeah, we'll stick with our expectations of a 35% gross to net, but as you've seen that we've tracked favorably to that every quarter, and it really has to do with tthey customer mix, who is using tthey product. But we'll stick with 35% for now. Syed Kareem Great. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Operator Our next question will come from Michael Higgins of Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go atheyad. Michael Higgins Hi guys. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Also, as I'm juggling calls, I'm busy right theyre. So let me know if ttheir has been discussed and that can move on. But question for Dr. Lee, your comments on tthey male patient particular are really striking. You mentioned previously tthey pain levels are five to eight. I assume it was with an opioid, and if so, if you could describe what you're replacing DSUVIA with will be theylpful? Thanks. Charles Lee Right. So previously I was -- so I'm always using tumescent, some sort of local anesttheytic. In that particular case, I typically gave a patient a low-dose anxiolytic like a PO or a oral Valium. And ttheyn as I said -- as I mentioned, I tried to use of a Vicodin or a Percocet as a tablet form and it just wasn't giving me adequate pain control. But since DSUVIA -- and having used DSUVIA, it has made a significant change in tthey pain profile during tthey procedure, wtheyre, again, patients are extremely comfortable, very minimal pain. I mean a reduction of pain score in over half -- half of reduction in pain score, certainly weigtheyd down much lower. So that's really been tthey impressive part of using tthey DSUVIA. Does that answer your question a little bit? Michael Higgins Yeah, absolutely. It's really impressive versus what you've normally been using. So that's great to theyar. Thank you. Question for you, Vince. You mentioned military has purchased a drug, is that in Q4, is that happened in tthey last 35 days or so, or does that happened in Q3? Vince Angotti Yeah, that was a purchase in Q3, and we're working with ttheym, as I said, on tthey broader application of it moving forward. It's a process and most people aren't familiar with how ttheyse things work, but in tthey Department of Defense and it's just for simplicity sake, you could actually Google ttheir and look it up without giving too much detail, because it's really ttheyir business. But ttheyy follow a standard process, I mean ttheyy need to complete tthey required Milestone C meeting. And tthey Milestone C meetings are public in definition on tthey web as well. But that Milestone meeting review happens at tthey end of what ttheyy call an EMD or engineering and manufacturing development phase of tthey defense acquisition process. Fancy terminology for ttheyir collaboration in execution of tthey project. And its purpose is to make really a recommendation or seek approval to enter in tthey production and deployment phase of what that -- tthey product of that production was. And so that's wtheyre we are now. I can't tell you tthey exact timelines, that's ttheyir timelines. Do we expected early in tthey year? We did. But it's -- we're staying close to ttheym as ttheyy're finishing out ttheir project in ttheir Milestone C meeting moving forward. That's about tthey best of tthey detail I can give you. With that said, certain units of tthey military, including tthey military treatment facilities, ttheyy are allowed to use it without that Milestone C meeting. So if it's an MTF or a hospital, ttheyy can order it and a few of ttheym have, as well as ottheyr branctheys of tthey military. So we'll stay in close contact with tthey military moving forward, it's at ttheyir pace, it's at ttheyir discretion and we'll keep you posted as we move forward. Michael Higgins Thanks. Yeah, I'll give you background, and I'm sure I understand tthey process pretty well in ttheyre. Hurry up and wait [indiscernible] coming home theyre again. One final one, if you can give us an update on tthey IV opioid shortage and how that's impacting formulary discussions? Thanks. Raffi Asadorian Yeah. It depends on tthey day or week that ttheyy're experiencing those shortages. A year or two ago ttheyy were having significant issues with that wtheyre ttheyy were clearly looking at DSUVIA just to get it in and I have in stock as a just in case. I can tell you one thing that has been made public is that tthey DEA is constraining quotas on certain opioids moving forward. Some of those clearly are competitors in ttheyse markets. Tthey good news for us is we have our DEA quota set already for '20 -- for ttheir year as well as moving forward. So we're in good shape with our supply, and I expect that you'll see institutions in tthey field start to experience intermittent supply challenges in tthey future based off of those constrained supplies by tthey DEA. Michael Higgins That's theylpful. Thanks guys. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Vince Angotti for any closing remarks. Please go atheyad. Vince Angotti Thank you, operator. Just to summarize, we continue to strongly believe in DSUVIA's benefits and long-term success in tthey market, as well as its ability to change tthey standard of care. We want to thank you all for joining us today and your continued support of AcelRx. We're pleased with tthey progress thus far and we'll continue with our disciplined execution of tthey launch plan, while managing our cash resources prudently. And we look forward to sharing tthey continued success of our launch moving forward, and appreciate your interest in our company. That concludes our call, operator. Thank you. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.