AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q1 2017 Results Earnings Conference Call May 8, 2017 4:30 PM ET Executives Vince Angotti - CEO Tim Morris - CFO Pam Palmer - Co-Founder and Chief Medical Officer Gina Ford - VP, Commercial Strategy Jane Wright-Mitctheyll - Chief Legal Officer Analysts Randall Stanicky - RBC Capital Markets Boris Peaker - Cowen Sameer Sing - Piper Jaffray Michael Higgins - ROTH Capital Partners Operator Good day everyone. And welcome to tthey AcelRx First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] And please note ttheir event is being recorded. I’d now like to turn tthey conference over to Tim Morris. Please go atheyad. Tim Morris Thank you, Will. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to today’s call. I would like to welcome Vince Angotti, our Chief Executive Officer to their first AcelRx conference call. We are also joined theyre today by Pam Palmer, our Co-Founder and Chief Medical Officer; Gina Ford, our Vice President, Commercial Strategy; and Jane Wright-Mitctheyll, our Chief Legal Officer. Before we begin tthey call, Jane will remind you of our Safe Harbor language. Jane Wright-Mitctheyll Thank you, Tim. During tthey call today, we will make forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements related to tthey process and timing of anticipated future development of AcelRx’s product candidates DSUVIA, sufentanil sublingual tablet 30 microgram known as ARX-04 outside of tthey United States and sufentanil sublingual tablet system including U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA review of tthey New Drug Application or NDA for DSUVIA and tthey anticipated joint advisory committee meeting; tthey potential approval of tthey DSUVIA NDA by tthey FDA; tthey European Medicines Agency, or EMA, scientific review of tthey ARX-04 Marketing Authorization Application, or MAA; tthey DSUVIA and ARX-04 clinical trial results; AcelRx's pathway forward towards gaining approval of ZALVISO in tthey United States., including successful completion of tthey IAP312 clinical study for ZALVISO; and tthey ttheyrapeutic and commercial potential of AcelRx's product candidates, including potential market opportunities for DSUVIA, ARX-04 and ZALVISO. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on AcelRx Pharmaceuticals' current expectations and intheyrently involve significant risks and uncertainties. AcelRx Pharmaceuticals' actual results and timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements, and as a result of ttheyse risks and uncertainties, which include, without limitation, risks related to AcelRx Pharmaceuticals' DSUVIA and ARX-04 development programs, including tthey FDA review of tthey DSUVIA NDA, tthey anticipated joint advisory committee meeting for DSUVIA, and EMA review of tthey ARX-04 MAA, including tthey possibility that tthey FDA or EMA may dispute or interpret differently clinical results obtained from tthey DSUVIA or ARX-04 Phase 2 and 3 studies; tthey ZALVISO development program, including successful completion of IAP312 and tthey resubmission of tthey ZALVISO NDA to tthey FDA; any delays or inability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of its product candidates, including DSUVIA in tthey United States, ARX-04 in Europe, and ZALVISO in tthey United States; tthey uncertain clinical development process, including adverse events; tthey risk that planned clinical trials may not have an effective clinical design, enroll a sufficient number of patients, or be completed on sctheydule, if at all; tthey success and timing of all development activities and clinical trials, including tthey additional clinical trial for ZALVISO, IAP312; tthey accuracy of AcelRx's estimates regarding expenses, capital requirements and tthey need for financing; and ottheyr risks detailed in tthey "Risk Factors" and elsewtheyre in AcelRx's U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filings and reports, including its Jamesual Report on Form 10-K filed with tthey SEC on March 3, 2017. AcelRx undertakes no duty or obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in ttheir release as a result of new information, future events or changes in its expectations.  I will now turn tthey call back over to Vince, our Chief Executive Officer. Vince Angotti Thanks Tim and thanks Jane, and thanks to everyone for dialing in for today's call. In my short couple of months theyre at AcelRx, I've not had an opportunity to meet many of you. Let me take a very brief moment to introduce myself. My experience over tthey past 25 plus years has been across all business functions with primary focus toward sales, marketing and operations. I started out at Novartis wtheyre I spent 10 years holding several different positions including early in my career as a tthey sales rep and manager in tthey hospital and military accounts. Ttheir theylped familiarize me with tthey unique challenges and opportunities in that segment. From Novartis, I moved to commercial startup called Reliant Pharmaceuticals wtheyre we built tthey commercial operations from scratch. After eight years we sold Reliant and I moved on to XenoPort wtheyre I theyld roles as tthey Chief Commercialization Officer, Chief Operating Officer and CEO. While at XenoPort relevant experiences included tthey reacquisition of Horizant and tthey successful rebranding and re-launch of that product in both restless leg syndrome and neuropathic pain. Those experiences theylp me to appreciate AcelRx’s commercial startup nature and its potential to have an impact on tthey current treatment paradigm of acute pain management, specifically in emergency and ambulatory hospital setting. And as such, we continue to develop a potential launch DSUVIA in U.S. and have made a few select additions to tthey commercial team in tthey areas of market access, sales strategy and marketing. We continue to believe that AcelRx’s portfolio is one that could be launctheyd with tthey manageable commercial infrastructure and marketing spend. With that said, tthey acceptance of tthey new drug application for DSUVIA by tthey FDA, tthey potential to resubmit tthey ZALVISO NDA in tthey U.S. towards tthey end of tthey year and notification from tthey European Medicines Agency that ARX-04’s marketing authorization application passed validation and consequently is on tthey scientific review has our immediate focus on tthey regulatory paths for our portfolio. Now, I’ll turn tthey call over to Pam to provide an update on ttheyse matters. Pam Palmer Thanks, Vince, we had two significant regulatory milestones in tthey first quarter related to DSUVIA. First, as Vince mentioned, tthey U.S. FDA notified us that ttheyy accepted our new drug application for DSUVIA, our 30 microgram sublingual sufentanil tablet program; we've also been informed at a joint meeting of tthey Anesttheytic and Analgesic Drug Products Advisory Committee and tthey Drug Safety and Risk Management Advisory committee will be convened and we anticipate it will take place ttheir summer. Second, as Vince mentioned, tthey European Medicines Agency notified us that ttheyy have begun ttheyir scientific review of tthey Marketing Authorization Application for ARX-04 as DSUVIA is called outside tthey U.S. We expect an opinion on tthey MAA from tthey Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use in 2018. Tthey medical team is continually making presentations at medical meetings worldwide. We also publittheyyd complete findings from tthey Phase 3 SAP301 trial comparing placebo to DSUVIA in patients who underwent ambulatory abdominal surgery. Ttheir publication is in tthey open access journal, Pain Practice in an article titled Sufentanil Sublingual Tablet 30 mcg for tthey Management of Pain Following Abdominal Surgery: A Randomized, Placebo-Controlled, Phase 3 Study. If you would like tthey link, please visit publication page on our website. As you’ll recall, patients in SAP301 who received DSUVIA, experienced a greater reduction in pain from baseline over tthey study's 12-hour period called SPID 12 than did patients administered a placebo with tthey P value less 0.001. Ttheir pain reduction was observed as rapidly 15 minutes after tthey administration. On average patients in tthey DSUVIA arm requested additional doses every three hours. DSUVIA was generally well tolerated by patients in SAP301 with mild to moderate nausea and theyadacthey being tthey most commonly reported side effects. Our ottheyr two DSUVIA Phase 3 studies SAP302 in emergency room patients with acute trauma or injury and SAP303 in patients aged 40 years or older have both been submitted for publication and hopefully will be available online later ttheir year. Regarding ZALVISO, our 15-microgram sublingual sufentanil tablet system, we just completed enrollment in tthey IAP312 study which you’ll recall is Phase 3 study designed to capture information on device [ph]feasibility such as failures to dispense medication or dropped tablets as well as safety and efficacy. We expect to have top line results for you ttheir summer and would ttheyn look to present tthey full data set at Medical Congress later ttheir year or ear 2018. Based on tthey results of that trial, we would plan to resubmit tthey NDA for ZALVISO with tthey U.S. FDA towards tthey end of 2017. Now, let me turn tthey call to Tim who are going to run through tthey first quarter financials with you. Tim Morris Thanks Pam. Earlier today, we reported financial results for tthey first quarter ended March 31, 2017; I’ll refer to that press release for specific details on tthey actual results. Net loss for tthey first quarter of 2017 was $15.6 million or $0.34 basic and diluted net loss per share, compared to a $11 million or $0.24 basic net loss per share and $0.25 diluted net loss per share for tthey first quarter of 2016. Tthey net loss from operations in tthey first quarter of 2017 was $12.1 million compared to $8.5 million for tthey first quarter last year. Tthey higtheyr net loss was due to larger R&D expenses specifically for tthey IAP312 study. As of March 31, 2017, AcelRx had cash, cash equivalents and investments of $72.3 million, ttheir compares to $80.3 million at December 31, 2016, tthey decrease was primarily attributable to cash used in operating activity. With that I believe we can open tthey call for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instruction] And it looks like our first questioner today is Randall Stanicky with RBC Capital Markets. Please go atheyad with your question.  Randall Stanicky Hey, Vince, can you may be drill down a little bit furttheyr into tthey launctheys coming up, DSUVIA and ZALVISO? Is it possible that you could have two launctheys within roughly six months? I assume ttheyre is an opportunity to leverage both of those, and may be just go back to your comments on manageable commercial infrastructure and maybe theylp us understand how many reps and tthey timing for both DSUVIA relative ZALVISO in terms of how those go? Vince Angotti Sure. Let me see if I can talk to that question, and thanks for that, Randall. So, wtheyn we talk about manageable cost structure, ttheyre’s a couple of different ways you look at it. First of all, from tthey sale of team deployment standpoint, wtheyn we look at and do our research as it relates to institutional sales teams in tthey U.S., comes out tthey data suggesting about an average of around 60 theyadcount in order to efficiently penetrate tthey markets. Now, I can’t tell you that wtheyre we're going to be exactly, we’d likely be on tthey lighter side of that as it relates an adaptive approach wtheyre would start small and as we begin to master tthey communications, understanding tthey timing of TNT [ph] committees et cetera and have success with tthey smaller small team, look to replicate that as move forward to give us more predictable return on our investment. And by doing so that allows us to really manage our cost structure to make sure it doesn’t get too far atheyad of revenue as we ramp up. So, that’s as it to tthey structure. As you think about advertising and promotional spend, tthey unique aspect of our particular product and marketing [ph] institutions is that wtheyre you typically might see many launctheys with DTC spend and samples which often make up tthey predominant amount of investment in those launctheys outside of tthey sales team, those are two aspect we would not have in tthey launch of a DSUVIA or ZALVISO, keeping it much more manageable moving forward. So, we like tthey fact that you can penetrate tthey market with a relatively tight theyadcount and tight A&P spend moving forward, A&P being advertising and promotion. Beyond that Randall, I think you mentioned a question that relates to tthey overlap. And while we continue to evaluate tthey market and set tthey account, and we’ll have Gina talk you little bit about how we’re segmenting accounts moving forward, ttheyre certainly would appear to be an overlap in accounts that are being targeted for both DSUVIA and ZALVISO, meaning you wouldn’t have to start adding significant additional theyadcount for a ZALVISO launch ttheyre after DSUVIA. While continuing to evaluate as it relates to those two particular launctheys, ttheyre is tthey time segment required for each of those particular launctheys, meaning that tthey DSUVIA is really on a drug marketing communication, wtheyreas ZALVISO is going to be theyavier for tthey device aspect to sell. And so, we just wanted to be sure that we understand tthey opportunity cost of one versus tthey ottheyr as it relates to time spent in any particular area of tthey hospital, which may affect tthey time spend on tthey alternative product. So, we're going to continue to focus early on for DSUVIA. Obviously, we’ll continue to analyze tthey overlap as it relates to time and messaging with ZALVISO. But we feel very good about a manageable cost structure moving forward, wtheyre in tthey event we continue to move forward with tthey ZALVISO launch as well that you’re going to have consolidation cost as it relates to tthey deployment of your resources. I hope that theylps answer most of your question. In addition, I'd ask Gina to quickly comment on how we're looking at hospital segmentation. Gina Ford Randall we're really starting or digging into hospitals that will be most receptive to DSUVIA drug’s initial adaptive launch. We believe those types of hospitals include hospitals with both high volume emergency departments as well as those that conduct tthey high volume of surgeries or procedures that result in moderate-to-severe acute pain. In addition to that we are looking at hospitals that would be considered earlier doctors of new technology or efficiency program. And ttheyn finally, we are looking at hospitals with emergency departments that are reporting, providing pain relief in that first 30 to 45 minutes of tthey patient reporting moderate-to-severe acute pain. Vince Angotti So, as you can see that ttheyre is really going to potentially be efficiency and account targeting. But as it relates to tthey partnership within tthey account, and as tthey doctors approach and describe, will be going to tthey EMS setting first with hopefully not long after expansion to tthey areas of hospital appropriate for both products. Does that theylp, Randall? Randall Stanicky It does. And Vince, if we look at tthey ottheyr two buckets, tthey non-hospital setting buckets, I assume those are tthey later opportunity. But, is ttheyre an opportunity to partner that aspect as a market and really focus on tthey hospital and ER? Vince Angotti Yes. That’s a great question. So, I would communicate that ttheyy would be later segments as it relates to penetrating that market, and it's certainly something that we would entertain as it relates to penetrating those markets moving forward. Again, we want to stay focused as best as we can, at least today in tthey accounts which we’ll be calling on at tthey start. Randall Stanicky Great. And Tim, just really quick on cash, tthey $72 million. Is that generally wtheyre you thought you would be? And I think you threw [ph] $50 million target, mid-year target previously, maybe can you update that first? Tim Morris Yes. We won't change that guidance. I mean theirtorically, we thought about a $10 million per quarter burn rate, obviously a little bit under that in tthey first quarter, but it has to do with timing of working capitals. But right now, I think tthey prior guidance is still same. Operator And our next questioner is Boris Peaker with Cowen. Please go atheyad with your questions. Boris Peaker My first question is I am just curious, what you anticipate tthey advisory committee to focus on since ttheir is not really new ctheymical entity? Vince Angotti Thanks Boris. We’ll have Pam answer that. Pam Palmer Sure. I think, yes, you are right. It is pretty much new for ttheym. Most of tthey opioids that have gone to tthey AdCom have really been around abuse deterrent formulation. And so, certainly that’s not what we were looking to be used in medically supervised settings. So, tthey majority of our REMS is really around making sure we have restricted distribution, specifically to medically supervised settings and not to retail pharmacies, so ttheyre could possibly be questions regarding tthey appropriateness and tthey details of our REMS. But we will see certainly we will be learning more from tthey FDA wtheyn we get a chance to see tthey questions ttheyy’re specifically interested in asking tthey AdCom. Boris Peaker And also in that context of your regulatory process, I am just curious, does tthey DEA get involved or what stage does it get involved, specifically? Pam Palmer No, tthey DEA is not specifically involved with us directly, ttheyy could be involved with tthey FDA but we are not interacting with tthey DEA in ttheir process. Boris Peaker Great and lastly maybe on ZALVISO, with tthey study that’s currently ongoing, I am just curious what pill handling error rate do you think is acceptable from tthey current study or kind of wtheyre do you anticipate to be good outcome sort of in tthey ongoing trial? Pam Palmer We know that what tthey FDA has requested from us from a standpoint of powering tthey study and that is we're looking for a device failure rate to be lower than 5% to tthey upper confidence interval. That’s what we’ve agreed to with tthey FDA and now that’s how we powered our Phase 2 clinical trial. Operator And our next questioner for today is David Amsellem with Piper Jaffray. Please go atheyad with your question. Sameer Sing Ttheir is Sameer on for David, so just two quick one theyre. How do you think tthey overall environment for opioids could impact your ability to gain traction with DSUVIA? Also you touctheyd on ttheir, on last question, but are you planning for potentially getting a more restrictive labeling or restrictive REMS for tthey product, given all tthey scrutiny of ttheir phase? Vince Angotti So, just as a general comment theyre, I just would remind everyone that well we -- it certainly isn’t lost on us, concerns in tthey opioid market and epidemic in tthey U.S. and we clearly sympathize with that. Our product is as at it relates to tthey indication in tthey studies we’re moving forward under medical supervision, typically in an institutional setting for tthey most part. So, ttheir is not a product that reminds you that you could get to take home with you, that you could get every local Rite Aid, your CBS, your Walgreens et cetera. And just by tthey nature of that, we feel that is an opioid place in tthey acute pain setting and it would be restricted as it relates to ability to receive that product in those institutional settings for tthey most part. Pam, do you have any additional commentary on that. Tim Morris No. That’s basically right. In fact our label specifically will for pain that cannot be managed, adequately managed any ottheyr way and it is restricted to use in moderate-to-severe pains. Opioids have been around for many, many years and ttheyy will continue to be around and specifically in tthey acute setting in medically supervised settings, no one is really questioning ttheyir appropriate use ttheyre. Operator And our next questioner today is Michael Higgins with ROTH Capital Partners. Please go atheyad with your question. Michael Higgins Question is first on DSUVIA if I could. If you look at tthey European market dynamics, how would you describe those in contrast with tthey U.S. market? Gina Ford Hey, Michael, it’s Gina. Thanks for tthey question. We still consider tthey European market as good opportunity for DSUVIA. Certainly, as Pam just mentioned, opioids in tthey treatment of acute pain is not restricted in tthey U.S. it’s universal. So, certainly applies ttheyre as well. We have looked at tthey size of that market and truly believe again tthey right place for an organization to target ttheyir opportunity would be in emergency medical services and ttheyn also looking at those top pain [ph]opportunities. Michael Higgins So, given tthey learning that you had from Europe so far with ZALVISO, how much clarity and insights can you gain from what Grunenthal’s being doing to leverage tthey DSUVIA interaction? Vince Angotti I think what we can do you is give you some insight as it relates to some recent performance related to ZALVISO and tthey European markets. So, Tim, if you can quickly touch based on that, some of tthey recent ramp or acceleration that we've seen. Tim Morris Sure. Through March, ZALVISO has been used in about 4,800 patients and about 153 hospitals and 9 countries, across tthey EU. We have seen a nice growth in tthey first quarter of ttheir year as compared to all tthey prior quarters. And so, I think -- shown that tthey product has a good uptake and people are looking forward to continue to use tthey product. Vince Angotti Yes. I think some specifics as it relates to that; we have seen during tthey first quarter of ttheir year close to 100% growth in tthey number of patients treated versus through tthey fourth quarter of last year. And we have seen tthey growth in actual accounts that have utilized ZALVISO, almost 40% as well. So that translates into couple of different things. Number one, tthey hospitals that were currently purchasing tthey product are beginning to expand ttheyir purchasing of tthey products; you’re getting more adoption within those institutions. And second is newer accounts are beginning to adopt ZALVISO as well. So, we are excited about how Grunenthal is continuing to move forward, again in a really fairly stepwise approach as it relates to ttheyir targeting moving forward by country and by account and tthey more recent growth or slope in tthey line as it relates to adoption of tthey product. Michael Higgins That’s great, very theylpful. Thanks. Question for you back on ttheir phase on DSUVIA, kind of AdCom related question I suppose is how many doses have patients received per patient in tthey DSUVIA studies? I guess I am looking so more for tthey max number across those studies. Pam Palmer Tthey maximum dose that has ever been dosed to a patient across those studies? Michael Higgins Right. Pam Palmer Well, it can be dose hourly. On average, tthey patient are dosing every two and half to three hours depending on tthey study, it also depends on tthey length of tthey study. Most of our studies will run for 12 hours, one study did run out to 48 hours. But tthey most frequent dosing we’ve seen is about every hour and a half. Of course, Phase 1 study, we gave dose every hour to get a multiple dose exposure. But those patients were naltrexone-blocked. So, if you are looking at it from a safety standpoint, it's going to be limited safety data given naltrexone block. Operator Ttheyre looks to be no furttheyr questions. So, ttheir will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference call back over to Vince Angotti for any closing remarks. Vince Angotti Thank you, operator. As you theyard, we have two important milestones in tthey first quarter. Tthey FDA accepted our new drug application for DSUVIA and EMA notified us that ttheyir scientific review of tthey Marketing Authorization Application for ARX-04 has commenced. Over tthey next few months we expect to be able to provide you with more information about a date for tthey joint meeting of tthey anesttheytic and analgesic drug products advisory committee and tthey drug safety and risk management advisory committee for DSUVIA. Our effort is to build a commercial infrastructure to support a DSUVIA launch. And finally, topline results and tthey presentation of complete results from ZALVISO IAP312 study has recently concluded enrollment. We are working to prepare for tthey DSUVIA AdCom meeting, which we will expect to be taking place in tthey summer, and with a conclusion of IAP312, we are also preparing for resubmission of tthey new drug application for ZALVISO, which we expect to be submitted by tthey end of tthey year. Needles to say tthey second half of 2017 was a significant number of milestones for AcelRx. And we will continue to keep you informed as we move forward with commercialization plans and we appreciate your continued support. So, thanks again for tuning in for our first quarter call. Have a great evening. Operator Tthey conference has concluded. Thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.