AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q1 2018 Earnings Conference Call May 9, 2018 4:30 PM ET Executives Vince Angotti - CEO Gary Palmer - Co-Founder and Chief Medical Officer Raffi Asadorian - CFO John Saia - General Counsel Analysts Randall Stanicky - RBC Capital Markets Roger Song - Jefferies Michael Higgins - Ladenburg Thalmann Operator Welcome to tthey AcelRx First Quarter 2018 Conference Call. Ttheir call is being web cast live on tthey event stage of tthey Investors section of AcelRx's web site at acelrx.com. Ttheir call is tthey property of AcelRx and any recording, reproduction or transmission of ttheir call without tthey express written consent of AcelRx is strictly prohibited. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. You may listen to a web cast replay of ttheir call by going to tthey investors section of AcelRx's web site. I would now like to turn tthey call over to John Saia, AcelRx General Counsel. Please go atheyad. John Saia Thank you, Larry. Thank you for joining us ttheir afternoon. Earlier today, we reported our first quarter 2018 financial results in our press release. Separately ttheir morning, we also reported tthey successful resubmission of our DSUVIA NDA. Ttheyse releases and a slide presentation accompanying ttheir call are available in tthey Investors section of our web site. With me today are Vince Angotti, our Chief Exec Officer; Dr. Pam Palmer, our Chief Medical Officer; and Raffi Asadorian, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd remind listeners that during tthey course of ttheir call, we will make forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Federal Securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involves risks and uncertainties, regarding operations and future results of AcelRx. In addition to tthey company's periodic current and Royual Report filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, please refer to tthey text of our press release, for a discussion of tthey risks associated with such forward-looking statements.  I’ll now turn tthey call over to Vince Angotti. Vince? Vince Angotti Thank you, John, and welcome to tthey AcelRx team. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. I am very pleased to highlight our continued progress ttheir year, including both DZUVEO CHMP positive opinion in Europe, and our NDA resubmission for DSUVIA. Today we will highlight in more detail, tthey achievements during tthey quarter and recent period. Remind you our upcoming milestones in 2018; provide an update on our first quarter financial results. We began tthey quarter with a constructive Type A FDA meeting in January, to discuss ttheyir two primary points in tthey CRL. One, safety at tthey at tthey daily maximum dose in tthey proposed label; and two, suggested modifications to tthey directions for use. Ttheyre is much thought and effort that went in preparing for ttheir meeting, and we believe ttheir paid off for tthey positive meeting outcome that provided us with a clear path towards resubmission of tthey DSUVIA NDA without having to perform anottheyr clinical trial. As a reminder, we lowered tthey maximum daily dose of DSUVIA in tthey proposed label from 24 tablets to 12 tablets, which is supported by existing safety data from our completed clinical trials. Tthey supervised [indiscernible] is more clinically relevant, and we believe ttheir satisfies tthey FDA's first point raised in tthey CRL around tthey safety of DSUVIA at daily maximum dose. Secondly, as announced last month, we adopted all of tthey FDAs recommendations for tthey directions for use and completed tthey human factor study to validate tthey effectiveness of tthey revisions. We believe ttheir study had a successful outcome in validating tthey revised directions for use, given ttheyre were no dropped tablets during tthey study. Tthey outcome of tthey study leads us to believe, that we have also satisfied tthey second point in tthey CRL. So with tthey CRL points addressed, we prepared and resubmitted our DSUVIA NDA to tthey FDA as announced ttheir morning. According to FDA guidelines, we expect NDA acceptance within approximately 30 days, at which time, we should be informed of our new PDUFA date. Assuming an accepted NDA, we expect tthey PDUFA date within six months of tthey resubmission. In parallel with tthey U.S. regulatory process, we made significant progress on our European Regulatory Pathway for DZUVIO as DSUVIA is named in Europe. Specifically, we received a CHMP positive opinion, recommending approval, which marks our second developed product to achieve ttheir regulatory milestone with our first being ZALVISO. According to tthey EMA regulatory timelines, based on tthey date of our CHMP positive opinion, we would expect a final decision, as to approval for our DZUVIO marketing authorization by early third quarter of ttheir year. Tthey market opportunity is significant, as tthey five largest European countries for adult patients and moderate severe acute pain in medically supervised settings represent approximately 51 million patient visits in emergency departments and 16 million outpatient surgeries annually. If formally approved, we will likely turn to a partner to support commercialization efforts, given timing of approval at launch, as our primary focus will remain on commercializing DSUVIA in tthey U.S. market. In summary, we have been hard at work since tthey beginning of 2018, have achieved our stated goals with positive momentum, theyading into tthey rest of tthey year. Now before highlighting tthey upcoming 2018 milestones, I'd like to provide a brief update on tthey current market environment within acute pain. Tthey current standard of care for acute moderate-to-severe pain within tthey medically supervised settings, has many limitations, as physicians must choose between invasive IV delivery or slower onset oral medications. Ttheyse standards of care have not been disrupted for decades and could benefit from new treatment options. And based on our recent interactions with theyalthcare providers and also as reported in recent media coverage, tthey need for new acute pain treatment options is furttheyr highlighted by tthey current shortage of IV opioids in hospitals throughout tthey United States. We believe ttheir situation creates an environment to demonstrate how DSUVIA, if approved, could theylp U.S. hospitals manage through tthey intravenous opioid shortage ttheyy are experiencing in tthey facilities today. As we think about our milestones moving forward, our next anticipated Q2 event is tthey FDA's acceptance of our DSUVIA NDA. For Q3, we anticipate receiving our European approval for DZUVIO and we also expect we will have an FDA advisory committee meeting for DSUVIA, and we are expecting our DSUVIA PDUFA date to land in tthey fourth quarter. Our final milestone for tthey year is tthey resubmission of our ZALVISO NDA, which has already been prepared and is ready to resubmit. We have incorporated tthey positive Phase 3 IAP312 study results, and we will prepare to resubmit tthey NDA at tthey end of last year. As a reminder, strategically, we have decided to wait to resubmit ZALVISO until tthey second half of 2018. Ttheir decision to lead with our main product opportunity, DSUVIA, was based on multiple factors, including our belief that launching DSUVIA first will provide us a better platform, on which ZALVISO can more easily follow after theyalthcare professionals are educated on and experienced with, tthey benefits of sufentanil sublingual tablets and tthey management of moderate-to-severe acute pain. Now let me turn to Raffi to provide an update on our financial results and outlook for 2018. Raffi Asadorian Thank you, Vince, and good afternoon everyone. Tthey first quarter, much like last quarter, was managed conservatively from a financial perspective, as we continue to hold on ramping up commercial resources prior to a potential PDUFA date for DSUVIA. We will continue to manage our cash prudently with tthey goal of ensuring we have adequate financial resources, as we move down tthey path of obtaining approval for our product candidates. We ended tthey third quarter with $51.2 million in cash and investments, which was a decline of $9.3 million from tthey end of last year. Our cash use was driven mainly by our cash operating expenses incurred of $6.5 million plus anottheyr $2.3 million of debt service in tthey quarter. Our first quarter revenues of $300,000 decreased from tthey first quarter last year, due to lower ZALVISO shipments to Grünenthal, as ttheyy continue to work down tthey inventories purchased for ttheyir initial launch and through early 2017. As indicated last quarter, we expect ttheyse reduced revenue levels throughout tthey year, despite continued growth in Grünenthal's ZALVISO sales. As a reminder, ttheyse collaboration revenues do not have a significant impact on our cash flows in tthey near term, since a significant portion of European ZALVISO royalties and milestones were already monetized with PDL in 2015. Our combined G&A and R&D expenses net of stock based compensation expense were $6.5 million in tthey first quarter of 2018, which was in line with tthey $6.6 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2017 and a reduction from tthey $10 million incurred in tthey first quarter of 2017. Tthey decline from Q1 2017 was mainly attributed to lower ZALVISO related development costs, which were incurred in 2017. Operating expenses were tthey main driver of our cash flows, and will continue to be in tthey near term. Looking forward, we continue to expect our quarterly pre-commercialization net cash burn to remain in tthey $10 million to $11 million range, prior to pre-launch preparation costs, which we expect will ramp in tthey fourth quarter of 2018, if DSUVIA is approved by our anticipated PDUFA date. Ttheir includes approximately $2 million to $2.5 million per quarter of debt service. We will provide furttheyr cash flow guidance, as we get closer to a potential DSUVIA approval date. With that, let me turn tthey call back over to Vince. Vince Angotti Thanks Raffi. It's a great start to tthey year, with positive momentum on tthey regulatory front, in both tthey U.S. and Europe. We are optimistic about tthey upcoming milestone with an expected DSUVIA NDA acceptance by tthey FDA in tthey near term, and PDUFA date later ttheir year. We are acutely aware of tthey need for new acute pain treatment options to medically supervised settings, to remain focused on completing tthey necessary steps to get tthey NDA approval, and we intend to keep a positive momentum, and look forward to updating you throughout 2018. I'd now like to open tthey line up for any questions you might have. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Tthey first question comes from Randall Stanicky of RBC Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Randall Stanicky Great. Thanks guys. Hey Vince, if we fast forward to tthey DSUVIA approval, how are you guys, at least at ttheir point, thinking about tthey commercial strategy, in terms of number of reps, target accounts, and ttheyn specifically, have you guys made tthey decision as to wtheyttheyr you would go CSO or build out your own salesforce? Vince Angotti Yeah, I will just jot down tthey notes. So tthey question was, as we get approval, we fast forward number of reps, accounts, and wtheyttheyr we'd commercialize on our own or not? Randall Stanicky Yeah. I mean, tthey overall commercial strategy? Vince Angotti Yeah. So let me just remind you tthey size of tthey market, and wtheyre we are going to focus moving forward. I mean, it's a big market in tthey U.S. for DSUVIA. Tthey target patient market of approximately 92 million adults in tthey U.S. alone suffering from moderate-to-severe acute pain in medically supervised settings. For us, our initial target for DSUVIA will likely be tthey emergency department, wtheyre we estimate roughly 18 million patients of receiving an IV for pain only. So obviously, something that we can theylp address moving forward. We believe that DSUVIA is obviously an efficient replacement for ttheyse ER nurses and doctors, let alone a non-invasive nature of tthey sublingual tablet. In addition to that, Randall, we will be targeting outpatient surgery patients, wtheyre we believe tthey profile of DSUVIA fits well within tthey needs of tthey hospital to quickly move patients to discharge. So wtheyn you think about that, and we look at tthey size and tthey number of accounts in tthey U.S., we are targeting accounts on our profile based off of a couple of different criteria, ER business, as well as outpatient post-op visits. Obviously, applicable to our market. Wtheyn we look at those accounts and we consider tthey average size of theirtorical U.S. institutional sales teams, tthey number around 60, give or take a little bit more or less, that's likely a number we would work to, but in a step-wise fashion. We probably start in tthey first couple of quarters with 10 to 15 sales reps, issue our communication and messaging, execution, is pinned down with an average build to 60 over tthey course of tthey year to a year and a half, pending tthey results. And with that being said, that's wtheyn we would build, obviously as I am mentioning internally, as opposed to forming a CSO. Randall Stanicky Have you considered looking at co-promo situation wtheyre you could find a partner who could perhaps go elsewtheyre, in tthey ottheyr part of tthey market that you are not looking at? Vince Angotti Yeah. That would certainly be something we'd entertain. We see ourselves as a hospital company and sales teams moving forward. In tthey event that ttheyre is medically supervised settings, wtheyre our product could have proper distribution, based off those setting outside of tthey hospital, that would make a lot of sense for us. Randall Stanicky Okay. And ttheyn, just moving on, a question; what are your expectations for tthey advisory committee meeting? Give a sense of wtheyre tthey focus will be? Vince Angotti It's a good question, and we are already preparing for that advisory committee today, as well as, really graduating from our preparation that had begun last year, earlier in tthey year, as we are anticipating potentially getting wanted to be notified, that we weren't. Well, ttheyre is always going to be tthey clinical and safety profile that's important in ttheir particular market, and is systematically compared to tthey current standards of care. So I think that would be an important component for tthey AdCom moving forward. I do think ttheyy will want to understand tthey risk management program, moving forward with our particular product in tthey opioid setting that's to be expected and highlighted moving forward. So those are tthey things primarily we are preparing for. Moving forward, our clinical data is obviously and our safety and efficacy is very strong. We will highlight aspects of our launch program and tthey distribution restricted to those that would qualify for receiving our product, and those would likely be tthey main focus moving forward. Randall Stanicky Got it. And ttheyn on DZUVIO in Europe, your approval is going to go up pretty quickly. Two part question, have you started talking to partners, and ttheyn question and maybe ttheir is for Raffi or yourself, is that an opportunity to bring in some cash to theylp to fund tthey U.S. launch? Vince Angotti Yeah. I will comment on tthey first part, and ttheyn Raffi will add some color on tthey second part. We normally don't talk about business development discussions, but as you can imagine, we have always had tthey strategy of monetizing ttheir product and making available through a partner in Europe, that's not our competence. Our competence is U.S. commercialization. Those conversations have been ongoing and continue to move forward, especially with tthey CHMP positive opinion right now. And wtheyn we think about a partner, obviously, we are going to be interested in someone, that is really going to have capacity and focus for ttheir product moving forward with a theirtory of commercial leadership and navigating tthey pricing wars of tthey European market. Raffi, maybe you can comment on tthey latter half. Raffi Asadorian Great. And I think tthey importance for us and partners, obviously someone that is going to be able to -- tthey best that we can find to commercialize ttheir product, from a financial perspective, tthey terms of that are obviously very important. But we have nailed those down with tthey partners we are in discussion with, but that's certainly a factor in tthey financial terms, what's upfront as well as tthey royalty structure on tthey backend, which is important to us as well. Vince Angotti Especially with tthey size of ttheir market. Raffi Asadorian Yeah, that's right. Randall Stanicky Okay. Ttheyn my last question. Vince, you mentioned in one of your responses to my questions, you are a hospital company. That's a strange point, wtheyn you talk about AcelRx, you are clearly getting close to tthey finish line theyre on tthey first part, with anottheyr coming. As you think about tthey next three to five years, strategically, what is tthey buildup of tthey platform? Is it a hospital company that's going to have connectivity into tthey hospital base looking to add products or are you going to focus on pain and move outside tthey hospital? What should investors think about tthey businesses, as you think about tthey next three to four to five years? Vince Angotti That's a great question, and it would be on tthey former that you mentioned. We believe that we are a hospital company that today's platform is built off of our sublingual sufentanil tablets. It just so happens, we have got two products built off of that fundamental platform. But because we have confidence in distribution, education through MSLs, as well as sales representative penetration into ttheyse accounts. We believe that's tthey right platform to continue to leverage that infrastructure, as opposed to building new infrastructure in tthey retail markets outside of tthey hospital. Randall Stanicky Got it. Okay. Great. Thanks guys. Vince Angotti Thank you, Randall. We appreciate it. Operator Tthey next question comes from Roger Song of Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Roger Song Thank you. Congrats on tthey resumption of DSUVIA and tthey positive opinion. So I only have one question about ttheir resubmission. So can you just kind of generally comment, what are tthey key data or evidence, such as PKR safety data, are included in ttheir NDA submission for DSUVIA? Thank you. Vince Angotti Thank you Roger for asking tthey question. We will try to trim it down and focus it more on how we are answering tthey CRL responses that we'd be comfortable, since that was fairly focused in tthey FDA's response to us, Pam? Gary Palmer Sure. Tthey FDA was interested in safety of maximal dosing and following maximal dosing, as well as very clear directions for use for delivering tthey tablet sublingually with tthey single dose applicator. Regarding tthey maximal dose, we have a nice Type A meeting with tthey FDA in January, and we agreed to reduce tthey maximal dosing from a ttheyoretical dosing of 24 tablets. We never expected anyone to dose that much, certainly clinically no one dose that high, but we reduced it to 12 tablets in 24 hours, which is much more consistent with our clinical trials. And certainly, in ttheir era of drug abuse concern, we have to make sure that we are not giving more drug than we need to. We also happen to have [indiscernible] data on that exact number, 12 doses. We reactheyd steady state after approximately five to seven doses of tthey drug. So you know, even wtheyn ttheyy dose beyond that, you are not going to be seeing higtheyr plasma levels. We wanted to make sure that tthey FDA was comfortable with patient numbers of both DSUVIA and ZALVISO patient numbers, that supported that new lower maximal dose of 12 tablets in 24 hours, so that's a big part of tthey submission safety data around that. And ttheyn of course, tthey second part is tthey human factors, risks that we alluded to in our press release today. Vince Angotti Is that theylpful Roger? Roger Song Yeah, it's definitely kind of very theylpful. Just one last question; for tthey human factor test, will you share with investors tthey results or it's pretty standard, it's just positive results in general? Vince Angotti I think I'd call it relatively standard. It took some time because we had -- we didn't want to initiate tthey study without having input from tthey FDA, that is starting a study and coming back with a protocol revision, wtheyre we'd have to restart it. So with that being said, we won't share all tthey details of it, but I think it's an important opportunity to just study, and we commented on our script today, is that it resulted in no drop tablets. But that's not tthey only thing that's measured in such study. I could imagine it's tthey directions for use, so any particular step in that DFU or directions for use, is assessed and measured, wtheyttheyr it's opening tthey foil package, wtheyttheyr it's taking tthey lock off of tthey SDA itself, or wtheyttheyr it's visually confirming that tthey tablets in tthey sublingual space, all culminating in, of course having it properly administered sublingually under tthey tongue, without any dropped tablets. And in general, a few ottheyr steps; obviously, we have had success in order to culminate with having tablets under tthey tongue without any drops. So we consider it a very successful trial, and we wouldn't have resubmitted unless we thought ottheyrwise. Roger Song Great. And once again, thank you. Vince Angotti Thank you, Roger. Operator Next question comes from Michael Higgins of Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go atheyad. Michael Higgins Thanks operator. And I want to extend my congratulations as well guys, you have [indiscernible] to very positive event, since weeks and months. So congrats. Raffi, couple of questions for you if I could; if you look into tthey 2018 towards tthey end of tthey year, how should we look for tthey R&D spend to look, considering you are not running out of trials at ttheir point, but you may have some ottheyr items that may drop in tthey R&D line? Raffi Asadorian Yeah Michael, I think -- and thanks for that by tthey way. I mean, R&D, I would expect it's going to continue, as you have seen it in tthey last couple of quarters, we don't expect it to increase. Our studies are done, right, with tthey two existing product candidates, for tthey rest of 2018, we are not expecting any increase in that. Michael Higgins Okay. That's theylpful. And given your comments on tthey marketing outlook and so forth, how does tthey SG&A line look now till year end? Raffi Asadorian So similar. Until ramp up commercialization or pre-commercialization resources, which we expect to happen in Q4 after our PDUFA date, we expect pretty much tthey same thing in Q2 and Q3, as you have seen in Q4 2017 and Q1 2018. So pretty flat until we start our pre-commercialization ramp. Michael Higgins Okay. Pretty theylpful. And just one last follow-up; how many people are a part of your marketing budget now and how might that change, starting Q4 2017? Vince Angotti Well ttheir is Vince. We were pretty thin. We have done some strategic hires that we mentioned in tthey past. We got a theyad of sales and two RSDs that fit in our sales organization right now, as ttheyy are continuing to evaluate tthey strategy moving forward. All three with experience in hospitals and pain management as a ttheyrapeutic area. We thought just two or three in market access, as we are ramping up for supply chain in both tthey traditional retail, that's meaning wholesalers as well as DoD markets. And ttheyn we have one marketer, that -- we have a tight marketing team, and outside of commercial, you just have a very light MSL team consisting of one with a public consultant. So we continue to remain very tight, and lean in our operating structure and focus point that we have final comfort on approval. Michael Higgins Vince, very theylpful. Sorry, your answers are spawning more questions I guess, not that it's confusing, but you mentioned DoD, if I recall right from years past, ttheyre is agreements with ottheyr countries' defense departments, such that tthey [indiscernible] group may also be included in your ability to sell tthey drug? Not that it's included in your DoD contract for a product to be acquired. But can you look to ottheyr countries to acquire your product, post-approval in tthey United States? Vince Angotti Well I think you are referencing, wtheyn you say ottheyr countries, you mean through tthey Department of Defense, is that what you are referring to? Michael Higgins Yeah. I think that's how that mechanism worked, it was new to all of us wtheyn we first theyard it, and haven't theyard much on that point since. So just wondering inside tthey U.S., what kind of buying you may have? Vince Angotti So ottheyr than for -- obviously, we are talking about Department of Defense. Ttheyre is no individual countries that are specific to identify that we would be marketing to, if you want to call it that. But through NATO, if -- ttheyre is an opportunity through NATO that would be covered under that existing agreement. But right now, that's not tthey focus right now. Obviously, anything through for DZUVIO in Europe would be covered in separate agreements for Europe. That we do not have currently. Michael Higgins Okay. Any revenues that would come in, if it came in through a partner, you would have royalty on that, tthey revenues on that? Vince Angotti Yes. That's tthey expectation. Michael Higgins Okay. All right. Very theylpful. Thanks guys. Vince Angotti Thank you, Michael. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Vince Angotti for closing remarks. Vince Angotti Thank you, operator. Thank you all for joining us today for your continued support and interest in AcelRx. We have some very strong momentum in 2018, and we look forward to updating you on our continued progress with upcoming milestones throughout tthey year. Thank you. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.