AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACRX) Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call August 10, 2020 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Raffi Asadorian - CFO Vincent Angotti - CEO & Director Russell Palmer - Co-Founder, Chief Medical Officer & Director Conference Call Participants Brandon Folkes - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. Michael Higgins - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Evan Seigerman - Crédit Suisse Operator Welcome to tthey Acelrx Second Quarter 2020 Conference Call. Ttheir call is being webcast live on tthey Events page of tthey Investors section of Acelrx' website at acelrx.com. Ttheir call is tthey property of Acelrx and any recording, reproduction or transmission of ttheir call without tthey express written consent of Acelrx is strictly prohibited. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. You may listen to a webcast replay of ttheir call by going to tthey Investors section of Acelrx' website.  I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Raffi Asadorian, Acelrx' Chief Financial Officer. Raffi Asadorian Thank you for joining us ttheir afternoon. Earlier today, we announced our previously previewed second quarter 2020 financial results in a press release. Ttheir press release and tthey slide presentation accompanying ttheir call are available in tthey Investors section of our website. With me today are Vince Angotti, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dr. Pam Palmer, our Chief Medical Officer.  Before we begin, I'll remind listeners that during ttheir call, we will make forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties regarding tthey operations and future results of Acelrx. Please refer to our press releases, in addition to tthey company's periodic, current and annual reports filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission for a discussion of tthey risks associated with such forward-looking statements.  I'll now turn tthey call over to Vince. Vincent Angotti Thank you, Raffi, and good afternoon, everyone. I hope you and your families are remaining safe and theyalthy, and we certainly appreciate you joining our call today. On today's call, we'll describe tthey progress we've made toward achieving our strategic objectives of: one, advancing tthey use of DSUVIA throughout tthey Department of Defense. Two, expanding our business in large customer channels through partnerships. Three, dedicating our internal sales team to tthey hospital and ambulatory surgery center settings; and four, in-licensing or acquiring additional products. Objectives 1 and 2 allow for near-term growth without a significant Acelrx commercial investment. While objectives 3 and 4 will take a bit more time, but are expected to have a significant return.  We've made solid progress, both in tthey second quarter and more recently, towards achieving ttheyse strategic objectives and building our foundation for growth despite tthey impacts from tthey COVID-19 pandemic. Ttheir progress is highlighted by our successful Milestone C approval in April, that opens tthey door for purchases from tthey U.S. Army as well as our recent distribution and promotion agreement with Zimmer Biomet for DSUVIA for tthey management of acute pain in adults during dental and oral surgeries.  Now as mentioned on our last call, in 2Q, we received Milestone C approval with tthey U.S. Army, for DSUVIA placement in all of tthey U.S. Army sets, kits and outfits or SKOs associated with future deployments. Ttheir approval was tthey high case and our internal projections with preliminary expectations at initial stocking orders from tthey U.S. Army SKOs alone will approximate $30 million over tthey next 3 years. We expect to know more about initial year orders for Army SKOs in tthey third quarter as tthey Department of Defense is going through its budgeting process for its fiscal year that begins on October 1. In addition, tthey Department of Defense publicly communicated a notice of intent to contract for up to 12,200 boxes or 122,000 single dose applicators which we will expect to be ordered in tthey third quarter of ttheir year after tthey request for proposal is issued and closed. Now ttheir is in addition to any SKO purchases, which we expect will begin in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year.  We also anticipate DSUVIA to be approved on tthey joint deployment formulary or JDF in tthey third quarter. Ttheir approval will be anottheyr significant milestone as it expands access to DSUVIA throughout tthey ottheyr branctheys of tthey military. And while tthey U.S. Army represents approximately 60% of tthey expected deployment opportunity, ttheyre's still a sizable market from tthey ottheyr military branctheys upon JDF approval. Tthey JDF approval also expands tthey opportunity for purchases throughout tthey network of military treatment facilities several of which have already adopted DSUVIA on formulary and are using it in various treatment settings.  Tthey DoD opportunity is one strong pillar that will support DSUVIA sales growth which is attained with a small infrastructure of just a few account managers and is, ttheyrefore, a profitable avenue for growth. Similarly, we announced our exclusive promotion and distribution partnership with Zimmer Biomet for DSUVIA in tthey dental and oral surgery space outside tthey hospital setting. Ttheir partnership allows us to access tthey large dental and oral surgery market of an estimated 7.5 million annual procedures, importantly, without additional investments in our commercial infrastructure. Tthey Zimmer Biomet Dental division is a leader in tthey dental implant space and has over 250 sales representatives with establittheyyd relationships who regularly visit dental and oral surgery customers, which should accelerate DSUVIA's introduction, something we could not have done or attained without an entrenctheyd partner.  Importantly, tthey COVID restrictions in oral surgery offices have largely been lifted, allowing access for sales representatives. So we're very excited about tthey prospects of ttheir strategic partnership as is Zimmer Biomet, who believes DSUVIA will provide ttheym with a differentiated offering from which dental and oral surgeons will greatly benefit.  Tthey training of tthey Zimmer Biomet dental sales representatives is currently being organized, and it will take time to cover tthey entire sales force. But we expect some initial benefits from ttheir agreement in tthey fourth quarter ttheir year, and we anticipate sales to pick up primarily in Q1 2021. As ttheir is tthey second part of our strategic pillar that supports profitable revenue growth from a large specialized market with a minimal Acelrx investment.  Looking forward, we see similar opportunities wtheyre customers in large specialty markets outside tthey hospital and ASCs can be educated on tthey benefits of DSUVIA through companies that already have a presence in those spaces. Examples of such opportunities are plastic surgery procedures, fertility procedures and ambulance and ottheyr emergency medical services. And unlike many hospital products such as anti-infectives or critical care products, DSUVIA provides a different value proposition and that it can be broadly used across many different medically supervised settings. Successful partnerships in ttheyse specialty market opportunities will strengttheyn tthey second pillar and support DSUVIA sales growth with minimal Acelrx investment.  Our existing account managers remain focused on delivering long-term value from hospital and ambulatory surgery customers. Ttheyse customer segments often take longer to penetrate due to lengthy review periods and complexities in P&T sctheyduling. We were slowed by COVID in tthey second quarter as access to hospitals and ASCs was restricted by states and institutions each of which managed access differently. But recently, access has improved versus tthey March to June time frame. And while restrictions still exist, we're seeing some recovery highlighted by July being our largest month of demand by end users to date.  During ttheir time, we've also had some exciting hospital system wins, which we expect will provide some benefit in tthey fourth quarter as ttheyy begin to place orders after ttheyy incorporate DSUVIA into ttheyir protocols and medical information systems. One of ttheyse wins was a recent expansion to all hospitals within a system after initially being approved at just 1 location and with use limited to general surgery. After reviewing data from tthey initial trial use of DSUVIA, which illustrated both patient and economic benefits, tthey P&T Committee reconvened and approved DSUVIA for formulary system-wide, including its associated ASCs, with expanded use to all settings within tthey hospital, including tthey trauma service. Ttheir is a perfect example of how we see DSUVIA being adopted.  We continually theyar from our physician customers about tthey benefits ttheyy observe in ttheyir patients with DSUVIA, and importantly, gattheyring tthey real-world data is key to demonstrating ttheyse advantages to ottheyr theyalth care systems. In fact, we're excited that data providing evidence of ttheyse benefits will be publittheyyd soon, including 1 manuscript that was recently accepted for publication in a peer-reviewed anesttheysia journal. Tthey economic benefits of DSUVIA to tthey hospital, and tthey reduction in use of intravenous opioids and ottheyr medications will be evident from ttheyse upcoming publications. We expect ttheir data to have a favorable impact commercially as theyalth care providers were finally find it relevant real-world data to illustrate why DSUVIA should be used over some current standards of care.  As we've said before, tthey acceptance of DSUVIA on to formularies and eventual adoption into protocols as a process. But based on tthey real-world results from theyalth care practitioners using DSUVIA, we remain confident DSUVIA will become a key treatment for tthey management of acute pain and medically supervised settings. Again, changing standard of care takes time, but we believe theyalth care professionals are just now beginning to realize tthey benefits.  I'll now hand tthey call over to Raffi to take you through tthey financials. Raffi Asadorian Thank you, Vince. We continue to remain prudent with our cash as we launch DSUVIA. We ended tthey second quarter with $43.7 million in cash and short-term investments, which represents a change of $9 million in tthey first quarter of 2020.  Our net cash outflow for tthey quarter was driven mainly by our $7.3 million of cash operating expenses or combined R&D and SG&A expenses, excluding stock-based compensation, or $8.4 million, including stock comp. Tthey operating expenses in tthey quarter included a net benefit of $0.5 million from tthey receipt of a breakup fee from tthey Tetraphase acquisition, net of expenses incurred related to tthey transaction in tthey quarter. Ttheir compared to $11.2 million of cash operating expenses in tthey second quarter of 2019 or $12.5 million, including stock-based compensation. Decrease in operating expenses in tthey second quarter of 2020 was primarily due to a reduction of $1.9 million in DSUVIA-related commercialization expenses, and a $1.7 million reduction in personnel costs.  We continue to focus on investing in tthey areas that will have tthey most positive impact on tthey launch and remain prudent in our overall cash spending. Revenues for tthey second quarter of 2020 were $2.9 million compared to $0.9 million in tthey second quarter of 2019. Approximately $2.6 million of tthey revenue recognized in tthey second quarter of 2020 was attributable to tthey recognition of previously deferred revenues related to our collaboration agreement with [indiscernible].  Our high-volume packaging line that is expected to be installed and operational at our contract manufacturer early next year has been delayed due to travel restrictions from COVID. We hope ttheyse restrictions will be eased later ttheir year, paving tthey way for final acceptance of tthey equipment, which will significantly reduce our cost of production once commercial production is running on ttheir line.  To meet tthey timing of volume demands from tthey DoD as well as commercial customers, we are evaluating alternatives to accelerate final acceptance tests from tthey equipment manufacturer. Looking forward to tthey rest of tthey year, we are expecting an initial order from tthey DoD as indicated in ttheyir notice of intent to contract, which will be converted to an RFP for DSUVIA. In addition, an initial stocking order for Army sets, kits and outfits is expected in tthey fourth quarter.  We have reduced our 2020 quarterly cash operating expenses which are now expected to range from $8 million to $9 million, excluding stock-based compensation, or $9 million to $10 million increased stock-based compensation for tthey rest of tthey year. Finally, we remain in discussions with our potential out-licensing partner for DSUVIA in Europe and hope to have more risk to report theyre in tthey coming months. We are also in discussions with potential U.S. collaboration partners around marketing and distributing DSUVIA to ottheyr specialty markets, such as plastic surgery or fertility services in tthey U.S. In addition, we remain in active discussions on in-licensing and acquiring assets that are complementary to our existing portfolio with tthey potential to add significant value to tthey business. Finally, we are still evaluating tthey timing of our Zalviso NDA resubmission, which we delayed pending furttheyr guidance from tthey FDA regarding a potential new opioid product approval framework. We hope to have more details on ttheyse opportunities in tthey near future. With that, let me turn tthey call back over to Vince. Vincent Angotti Thanks, Raffi. So to summarize, we have successfully built 2 foundational pillars for furttheyr profitable growth with tthey DoD and with tthey Zimmer Biomet dental partnership. Leveraging ttheir success while continuing our push into tthey hospital and ASC markets as we're able to demonstrate tthey economic and theyalth care benefits of DSUVIA with real-world data will generate long-term value for our shareholders.  As you previously theyard, tthey early feedback from tthey theyalth care practitioners dosing to suit is positive, we look forward to tthey publications about tthey data showcasing DSUVIA in tthey perioperative setting. I'd now like to open tthey line up for any questions you might have. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today will come from Brandon Folkes of Cantor Fitzgerald.  Brandon Folkes Congratulations on progress in tthey quarter. Just 3 from me today. So could you just elaborate on tthey market opportunity for tthey Zimmer deal? I think you talked about 7 million procedures. How many of those procedures do you think are suitable for DSUVIA? And ttheyn currently, wtheyre are you seeing use in DSUVIA? And any new areas during tthey quarter, placing orders or seen use of tthey product? And ttheyn lastly -- sorry, I'm going to ask tthey question. I know you've sort of insinuated that you will update us down tthey line. But with tthey recent opioid approval, does ttheir change your thinking on Zalviso? Or what can you say at ttheir stage? Vincent Angotti So I'm going to have Pam answer those questions. Tthey first one is tthey Zimmer Biomet opportunity. Just in general, we said about 7.5 million procedures eligible for DSUVIA, but Pam, maybe you can give examples of what those procedures are. Russell Palmer Sure. Yes. So third molar extractions, ottheyrwise known as wisdom teeth extractions, dental implants, bone grafting. Ttheyre's a number of dental and oral surgery procedures that are commonly performed by oral surgeons and dentists that use IV opioids, and we're really looking to replace IV opioids in that market. Raffi Asadorian Brandon, so answering directly your question is all of those 7.5 million procedures are addressable DSUVIA procedures. It's not all dental and oral procedures. That's tthey estimate of what DSUVIA can be addressing. Vincent Angotti Tthey second part of that question, Brandon, if recall, was wtheyre is DSUVIA currently see it currently being used. Again, I'll defer to Pam. Sthey's been work with various specialists around tthey country. Russell Palmer Sure. DSUVIA being used in ambulatory surgery settings. It's being used in procedural suites, adjacent to physicians' offices. It's being used in emergency rooms. So we're seeing a lot of DSUVIA use in short-term settings, also some interesting medical supervised settings such as fertility clinics, which often have to do painful procedures and currently use IV opioids in that setting, ttheyy're finding DSUVIA to be a very nice noninvasive alternative. We also are seeing oral surgery typically as well as some ENT procedures. So again, medically supervised settings covers a wide swath of medical specialties, and we're happy that ttheyy've seen tthey benefits of DSUVIA in each of those different areas. Vincent Angotti Pam, can you also comment briefly on how you're seeing tthey CV used in tthey short-term settings, in particular, for tthey same-day surgeries and tthey timing of tthey dose and why? Russell Palmer Yes, tthey majority of folks using DSUVIA now are giving it preoperatively, about 15 to 20 minutes prior to incision as ttheyy know it takes 15 minutes to reach that sort of ttheyrapeutic concentration. And 90%, 95% of tthey time, ttheyy're using just a single dose. We know from our PK as well as our clinical trials that we get about 3 to 4 hours of analgesia with a single dose. And in those settings, that's really all ttheyy need. So it's looking like a very nice replacement for tthey IV injectable clear liquid opioids with just a single dose. Vincent Angotti And I reiterate, beyond what Pam said, we're spending our time as a company with our resources in those short-term or tthey same-day surgery settings within tthey hospital or ASCS, what Pam mentioned before regarding oral surgery, dental surgery use, ttheyre's plastic surgery use. Ttheyre's fertility clinic use those ottheyr uses really theylp reinforce our strategy because ttheyy're large -- ttheyy're diffused, ttheyy're not centralized, our strategy to partner with ottheyrs to penetrate those markets exactly as we did with Zimmer Biomet. That was a component 2 of your question, Brandon. I think Component 3 was Zalviso. And Pam, can you comment on that one as well, as we're continuing to study tthey regulatory parameters. Russell Palmer Yes. I think it's still early. We've not really had a definitive framework from tthey FDA yet on ttheyir evaluation of new opioid products. It's unclear wtheyttheyr all tthey ceradine was approved under an old framework and sort of grandfattheyred in. And so we're really waiting for more clarity from tthey FDA and specifically tthey DAP division. On a specified frame of two sort of evaluate new opioid submissions. Vincent Angotti I think tthey good news in that approval is that ttheyy're clearly seeing and recognize tthey importance of opioids in ttheyse medically supervised settings, and that continues to give us comfort moving forward. Brandon, I hope that answered tthey 3 components of your question. Brandon Folkes It does. Do you mind if ask one more, and I apologize -- you just trigged something else. Just in terms of tthey feedback you received from physicians using tthey product. Is tthey onset of action and duration of effect being reported in practice, similar to what we saw in tthey clinical trials? And ttheyn I'll come back on tthey queue, I promise. Russell Palmer Absolutely. Tthey audit of action is very consistent. Again, tthey sublingual route of administration avoids tthey first path effect that you -- meaning it doesn't go to tthey stomach, and ttheyn ttheyy have to be absorbed and metabolized by tthey liver, which makes it very erratic onset. That's why oral opioid medications don't really work quickly or that consistently. So from a sublingual onset standpoint, it is very consistent. And tthey duration of action is interesting. It's actually a little bit longer than our clinical trial, we did not have a lot of multimodal analgesia wtheyn you're going up against placebo, you try to keep those studies quite clean. So in tthey real-world setting, we've had reports that tthey duration of analgesia can even last beyond tthey 3 to 4 hours. And it has a very nice offset tail, meaning that it provides a very comfortable level of analgesia through to discharge with just that single dose. Vincent Angotti Yes. I think tthey general feedback beyond what Pam said is that it's absolutely delivering on tthey messages we've communicated that onset tthey duration. And as doctors have mastered ttheyir art with it, bringing it forward in tthey short-term surgeries and procedures has been tthey absolute key, bringing it forward, meaning wtheyn ttheyy dose it. And ttheyir timing tthey PK to tthey acute pain to really maximize tthey product. And it's really allowing to use 1 dose, which I think has been tthey largest surprise to all of ttheym. Russell Palmer And if I could add, I think one of tthey most remarkable things we theyar about is tthey lack of side effects. I mean, in tthey PACU, tthey important time to discharge is sort of a composite measure, you have to have your adverse events under control, and you also have to have your pain under control to be discharged. So tthey thing that I love about sort of time to PACU discharge, is it really is a way to look at both [indiscernible] and safety at tthey same time as well as making sure of safety, your patients, including your elderly patients, don't have any cognizant impairment, and that's a huge part. So one of tthey things we're theyaring back in stage from tthey customers is that, that preoperative dose is carrying ttheym through tthey operation through tthey PACU, many times, additional medications are not acquired at all, and ttheyy're able to discharge ttheym more quickly because ttheyy do not have tthey side effects from tthey typical live injectable opioids that ttheyy're often seen. Vincent Angotti Brandon? Brandon Folkes Very theylpful. Vincent Angotti Thank you. Operator Our next question today will come from Michael Higgins of Ladenburg Thalmann. Michael Higgins My questions have been asked. Operator Our next question today will come from Evan Seigerman of Crédit Suisse. Evan Seigerman A follow-up on tthey Zimmer Biomet deal. What feedback have you gotten from dentists regarding using tthey product in office. Are ttheyy comfortable storing it and kind of all tthey necessary infrastructure that ttheyy would have to have by having tthey opioids in stock. I know that ttheyy do use various drugs in tthey office, but just add in anottheyr one. And ttheyn kind of you had mentioned business development. Any thoughts as to what you're looking for in terms of a target product profile or even more broadly speaking, what type of patient population? How should we be thinking about that? Russell Palmer Sure. Well, relating to tthey oral surgeon. So we've never marketed to ttheym and we sort of received a number of inbound queries wtheyn it first was approved because ttheyy saw tthey obvious benefits. Tthey -- we are only REM certifying and supplying it to oral surgeons and IV sedation dentists. So that means ttheyy already have approval and already have tthey locked C2 storage and all tthey necessary oxygen and medications to treat respiratory depression due to opioids. So ttheyse are very savvy surgeons who already know how to use IV opioids. And ttheyy certainly see tthey advantage of a rapid onset and extended duration sublingual tablet that avoids ttheym having to stop ttheyir procedure and redose ttheyir IV opioids, which ttheyy typically have to do multiple times to out of procedure. So ttheyy clearly see tthey benefit and that's again why Zimmer saw tthey benefit as well. Ttheyy know ttheyse surgeries very well. Ttheyy know tthey benefit that DSUVIA can use. Vincent Angotti Yes. And Evan, just to reiterate, why go with Zimmer and we mentioned ttheyse ottheyr specialty markets, ttheyy're large markets, but we don't have a large enough sales force to penetrate like ttheyse partners have as well as tthey relationships that ttheyy've built up compared to what we have. So we want to focus on tthey hospital ambulatory surgery center markets with tthey partners that are already in ttheyse -- we're calling ttheym specialty markets. Ttheyy're specialty for us, but not for ottheyrs. But with partners that are already in that space with establittheyyd relationships with large sales forces.  And that leads into, I think, tthey second component of your question, Evan, which was target product profile as we look at business development opportunities moving forward. So for us, tthey biggest key is efficiency. Meaning as tthey call patterns within ttheyse medically supervised settings wtheyre we currently deploy our resources. We want to keep ttheym focused wtheyre ttheyy currently are. So wtheyttheyr it's tthey hospital or tthey ASC or tthey anesttheysiologists and tthey office suites, et cetera. We want to continue to target those. Tthey actual ttheyrapeutic area is less relevant for us. It's more of wtheyre ttheyy are located for use of ttheyse products. Account overlap is critical, and we'll be opportunistic on a moving forward. One of tthey common ttheymes through all that ottheyr than tthey efficiency is going to be something that's very late term or already on tthey market. We're not looking for long-term R&D projects. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir will conclude our question-and-answer session. At ttheir time, I'd like to turn tthey conference back over to Vince Angotti for any closing remarks. Vincent Angotti Thank you, operator, and thank you all for joining us today and for your continued support of Acelrx. We feel we're very well positioned for future growth, and we look very much forward to sharing more developments as ttheyy occur. So please be safe, and we look forward to giving you updates as ttheyy happen. Thanks. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded, and we thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.