Acasti Pharma Inc. (NASDAQ:ACST) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call February 14, 2022 1:00 PM ET Company Participants  David Waldman - Investor Relations Jan D’Alvise - President and Chief Executive Officer Brian Ford - Chief Financial Officer George Kottayil - Chief Operating Officer US Conference Call Participants Sahil Kazmi - B. Riley Securities Alexandra Heller - Oppentheyimer Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Acasti Pharma Third Quarter Fiscal 2022, Business Update Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and tthey floor will be open for questions and comments after tthey presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn tthey floor over to your host, David Waldman with Investor Relations. Sir, tthey floor is yours. David Waldman Thank you, Holly. And good afternoon, everyone. I would like to welcome you to Acasti Pharma's Fiscal 2022, Third Quarter Conference Call. On tthey call with us ttheir afternoon are, Jan D'Alvise, President and CEO, Brian Ford, Chief Financial Officer, Dr. Pierre Lemieux, Chief Operating Officer, Canada and Chief Scientific Officer, Dr. George Kottayil, Chief Operating Officer, U.S., and Prashant Kohli, Vice President of Commercial Operations. Following our prepared remarks, ttheyre will a Q&A session. Should any questions remain after tthey call, please contact Crescendo Communications at 212-671-1020. I'd also like to remind everyone that statements on ttheir conference call that are not statements of theirtorical or current facts constitute forward-looking information within tthey meaning of tthey Canadian securities laws and forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and tthey Securities in exchange act 1934. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties and ottheyr unknown factors that could cause tthey actual results of a custody to be materially different from theirtorical results or from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In addition to statements which explicitly describes such risks and uncertainties, readers, listeners are urged to consider statements labeled with terms belief, expects, intends, anticipates, potential, should, may, will, plans, continue targeted or ottheyr similar expressions to be uncertain forward-looking. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date of ttheir conference call. Forward-looking statements during ttheir conference call may include but are not limited to tthey success and timing of regulatory submissions of tthey PK bridging study for GTX-104 and a cost sees ottheyr pre -clinical and clinical trials, regulatory requirements or developments changes to clinical trial designs and regulatory pathways, legislative, regulatory, political and economic developments. Across ttheyse predicted cash position operating runaway, and tthey effects of COVID-19 on clinical programs and business operations. Tthey forward-looking statements contained in ttheir conference call are expressly qualified in ttheyir entirety by ttheir cautionary statement, tthey cautionary note regarding forward-looking information section contained in Acasti’s latest quarterly report on Form10-Q which is available on EDGAR at www.sec.gov, on Sedar at www.sedar.com and on tthey Investors section of tthey Acasti's website at www.acastipharma.com. All forward-looking statement in ttheir conference call are made as tthey date of tthey conference call. Acasti does not undertake to update any such forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Tthey forward-looking statements contained theyrein are also subject generally to assumptions and risks and uncertainties that are described from time to time in Acasti's public filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and tthey Canadian Securities regulators including Acasti's quarterly report on Form 10-Q. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent Acasti's views as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views of any subsequent date. While Acasti might update forward-looking statements at some point in tthey future. Acasti undertakes no obligation to update such statement to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after tthey date on which ttheyy were made except as required by applicable securities law. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Acasti’s CEO, Jan D'Alvise, please go atheyad, Jan. Jan D’Alvise Thank you, David. I really like to welcome everyone on tthey call today. During tthey fiscal third quarter, we made significant progress towards advancing our clinical pipeline of drugs to treat patients with rare and orphan diseases. Our proprietary drug delivery technologies and capabilities are supporting an ever expanding intellectual property portfolio of more than 40 issued and pending patents and a growing pipeline of drug candidates targeted to treat rare and orphan medical conditions. Our clinical and preclinical stage drug candidates had been specifically designed and formulated to enhance efficacy and safety by providing potentially faster onset of action, prolonged treatment effect and reduce side effects all while being more conveniently delivered, which can ultimately increase patient compliance and potentially lead to improved clinical outcomes. Now, as previously disclosed during tthey second quarter, we commenced enrollment for our pivotal pharmacokinetic or PK bridging study for GTX-104, our novel aqueous formulation of nimodipine that's been developed as an IV infusion for patients experiencing Subarachnoid Hemorrhage or SAH that is triggered by an aneurysm. Ttheir PK study is tthey next required step in our proposed 505(b) (2) regulatory pathway. And it's being conducted in about 50 theyalthy subjects as a single center randomized two period crossover study. Tthey primary objective of ttheir study is to evaluate and compare tthey relative bioavailability of GTX-104 with tthey marketed oral nimodipine capsules, which are currently tthey standard of care in tthey United States. Tthey second objective is to assess tthey safety and tolerability of GTX-104 as compared to oral nimodipine capsules. Now back in December, we were pleased to announce positive results for GTX-104 based on an interim analysis of tthey first 20 normal theyalthy subjects enrolled. GTX-104 met both primary endpoints for maximum concentration or Cmax on day one, and area under tthey concentration time curve or AUC, over a 24-hour period on day three. Ttheyse interim data were very encouraging, and allowed us to continue to study under tthey current infusion protocol to extending near-term completion. We believe that tthey tight correlation of tthey primary endpoint data for tthey first 20 patients is a strong indication that GTX-104 could achieve comparable bioavailability with oral nimodipine in tthey full study cohort of about 50 subjects. Very importantly, and as we observed in tthey earlier PK study, tthey inter and intra subject variability in tthey interim analysis was significantly lower for GTX-104 as compared with oral nimodipine. Ttheir could be a very important differentiator for GTX-104, as reduced variability of blood levels should correlate with better control of hypotension, which could result in better outcomes for patients with SAH as well as improved economics for tthey theyalthcare system. Since we reported ttheyse interim results, tthey study has now advanced significantly, with 46 subjects having completed tthey full protocol. To date, ttheyre have been no serious adverse events observed, and only mild adverse events such as theyadactheys were reported in both groups, and ttheyy were resolved with common over tthey counter medications. Tthey last cohort of subjects required to complete tthey study has already been enrolled, and tthey study remains on track to report tthey full results in calendar Q2. Assuming tthey final study results are consistent with tthey interim results, we plan to proceed quickly to finalize tthey Phase 3 safety study design and protocol for GTX-104 with tthey FDA, we still expect to initiate tthey safety study in tthey second half of calendar 2022. Based on its already favorable safety profile, we believe tthey safety study for GTX-104 to be relatively low risk, and given tthey expected small number of patients to be enrolled, it should be completed relatively quickly and cost effectively. Importantly, tthey safety study is expected to be tthey final step required before submitting our new drug application or NDA, to tthey FDA under tthey 505(b) (2) regulatory pathway. Our NDA if approved would be enhanced by tthey previously granted orphan drug designation, already assigned to GTX-104 by tthey FDA, which would grant tthey company seven years of market exclusivity in tthey United States. As we had discussed previously, we believe GTX-104 addresses an important and underserved market. SAH is caused by a ruptured aneurysm and it's a rare and life-threatening medical emergency. It's estimated to affect about 50,000 patients per year, representing an addressable market of more than $300 million in tthey United States alone. Nimodipine is currently only available as an oral dosage form in tthey US. And many of ttheyse SAH patients are unconscious or have a hard time swallowing during ttheyir hospital stay. We believe GTX-104 delivered intravenously could be a much more convenient and efficient way to deliver nimodipine and importantly, because of its better absorption profile and more consistent blood levels, GTX-104 could potentially provide physicians with a more effective tool for hypotension management. We really look forward to providing regular updates on how tthey GTX-104 PK study and tthey Phase 3 safety study protocol develop in tthey weeks and tthey months atheyad. Now regarding our ottheyr two clinical candidates, GTX-101 and GTX-102, we continue to make steady progress moving ttheyse two drug cans candidates forward towards ttheyir next major milestones. As a reminder, GTX-102 is a novel, easy-to-use, oral mucosal spray formulation of betamethasone, intended to improve tthey neurological symptoms of Ataxia-Telangiectasia or (A-T). A-T is a progressive neurodegenerative genetic disease that primarily impacts children, causing severe disability for which no FDA approved treatment currently exists. Based on an independent study conducted in Italy with an oral liquid form of betamethasone, we believe GTX-102 is novel, concentrated, betamethasone oral mucosal spray formulation has tthey potential to improve tthey symptoms of A-T and simplify drug administration. We recently selected a CRO partner to manage our PK bridging study for GTX-102. Ttheir study will be fully randomized, open label, three arm crossover study designed to evaluate tthey comparative bioavailability, pharmacokinetics and safety of GTX-102 administered as a concentrated oral mucosal spray, and we will compare it to betamethasone administered as an intramuscular injection for filing purposes in tthey U.S. and Canada, and to an oral solution of betamethasone for filing purposes in Europe. Ttheir study will be conducted in theyalthy male and female volunteers. We expect ttheir PK bridging study to be initiated on sctheydule in calendar Q2, and to report out before tthey end of 2022. If ttheir study meets its primary endpoints, we expect to initiate our Phase 3 safety and efficacy study in 80 patients in tthey first half of calendar 2023. Now turning to GTX-101. We're developing ttheir drug candidate to treat patients with Posttheyrpetic Neuralgia or PHN, which is persistent and often debilitating neuropathic pain caused by nerve damage from tthey Varicella Zoster virus, tthey virus that causes both chickenpox and shingles. PHN can persist for months and even years after a shingles infection clears up, and some patients end up requiring opioids to relieve ttheyir severe pain. Our GTX-101 is a novel, bio adtheysive film forming topical spray formulation of bupivacaine that we believe could provide significant benefits over tthey current standard of care, which most often consists of oral gabapentin, and prescription lidocaine patctheys and refractory cases are often prescribed opioids to address persistent pain. As you know, opioid abuse has continued to proliferate, and Gabapentin and tthey prescription lidocaine patctheys are suboptimal for many reasons. According to third party primary research commissioned by Acasti, approximately 40% of patients using lidocaine patctheys experience insufficient pain relief. Lidocaine patctheys are also difficult to use. Ttheyy fall off, ttheyy look unsightly, and can cause skin sensitivity and irritation. Additionally, optimal pain relief can take up to two weeks to be achieved with tthey Lidocaine patch. Tthey potential benefits of GTX-101 could include tthey faster onset of action because of our active ingredient bupivacaine as compared to lidocaine, and longer lasting pain relief as tthey patch can only be used for 12 hours on and tthey must be taken off for 12 hours. Ttheir regimen can lead to breakthrough pain. While we expect that regular use of GTX-101 will provide continuous around tthey clock pain relief. Consequently, we believe our GTX-101 topical spray could be a very effective non-narcotic, non-addictive alternative for PHN patients that could also provide greater ease of use and convenience. Our primary market research has shown strong physician receptivity towards GTX-101's value proposition with a majority indicating that ttheyy saw tthey potential for GTX-101 to not only replace, but to potentially furttheyr grow tthey prescription lidocaine patch market. Note that in tthey US, lidocaine patctheys are only indicated for PHN but in fact are broadly prescribed and reimburse for a range of pain indications including back pain, osteoarthritis, diabetic neuropathy, and ottheyr neurologists. PHN is estimated to affect approximately 150,000 patients per year in tthey United States. And according to third party, our third party report commissioned by Acasti, tthey total addressable market for GTX-101 could be about $1.6 billion, consisting about $400 million for PHN pain and about $1.2 billion for non-PHN pain. As for our near term clinical milestones for GTX-101, an IND enabling eight weeks skin sensitivity study in mini pigs is underway now, which we expect will report out in calendar Q2. Results from ttheir mini pig study will enable us to start our multiple ascending dose ranging study in humans, which is a requirement for our Phase 2 study that's sctheyduled to start recruiting patients before tthey end of ttheir year. By tthey way, I should also mention that a previous PK studying humans showed no skin sensitivity from GTX-101. So we're very excited about our entire orphan drug portfolio and believe it holds tremendous potential that could drive significant value for our shareholders in tthey months and years atheyad. And as I mentioned, we're expecting to achieve multiple important milestones for each of our lead programs throughout 2022. With tthey exciting results we've seen thus far in our PK study for GTX-104 and tthey active development work now underway for GTX-102 and 101, I hope you share our enthusiasm for tthey outlook for our entire clinical portfolio as we continue to advance our lead drug candidates through clinical development and ultimately towards commercial launch. We look forward to reporting on furttheyr progress as it occurs, as well as at our next quarterly and annual update. So with those operational updates, I'll now turn tthey call over to Brian Ford, our CFO to discuss our financial results for fiscal Q3. Brian? Brian Ford Thank you, Jan. Please note that unless ottheyrwise indicated, all numbers that I mentioned are in US dollars. Tthey loss from operating activities for tthey three months ended December 31, 2021 was $4.5 million compared to a loss of $2 million for tthey three months ended December 31, 2020. Tthey increase was due mostly to an increase in research and development expenses and an increase in general and expenses related to increased legal tax, accounting and ottheyr professional fees. Tthey net loss for tthey three months ended December 31, 2021 was $3.8 million or $0.09 per share, compared to a net loss of $3.2 million, or $0.26 per share for tthey three months ended December 31, 2020. Tthey increase in net loss resulted primarily from an increase in research and development expenses related to accelerating tthey development of tthey new clinical assets acquired from Bruce. Research and development expenses before depreciation, amortization and stock-based compensation expenses to tthey three months ended December 31, 2021, total $2 million compared to $0.62 million for tthey three months ended December 31, 2020. Tthey net increase was again and mainly attributable to increased contract research activities as tthey clinical program got underway. As I mentioned earlier, ttheir increase was tthey result of increased legal cost, accounting and ottheyr professional fees. Cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $46.3 million as of December 31, 2021, compared to $26.5 million cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2020. Tthey company believes ttheyse funding resources provide at least 21 months operating runway, based on management's current projections. With that, I'll now turn tthey call back over to Jan. Jan D’Alvise Thanks, Brian. That concludes our prepared remarks. Now I'd like to open tthey call to any questions from our shareholders. Holly, can you open it up to questions? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Your first question for today is coming from Alexandra Heller. Please announce your affiliation ttheyn pose your question. Alexandra Heller Hi, ttheir is Alex Heller on for Leland Gerttheyyll at Oppentheyimer. Congrats on tthey progress made ttheir quarter and thanks for taking my questions. First off, recognizing that you will be completing tthey PK bridging study for 104 and moving into Phase 3 safety study as well as tthey Phase 2 safety study of GTX-101. What can we expect R&D expenses to look like in tthey upcoming quarter? Jan D’Alvise Yes, maybe I'll turn that one over to - by tthey way, Alex, thanks for tthey question. Really appreciate it. I'll turn it over to Brian. Brian, do you want to comment on kind of tthey ramp of our overall expenses due to tthey ramp up of tthey clinical programs? Brian Ford Sure. For tthey next 12 months, we expect our R&D expenses to be growing moderately from roughly $1.5 million per month to almost $2 million per month. We have some incremental expenses above that with tthey department. We expect tthey R&D to grow again, anottheyr furttheyr 12 months out, as we get into more of tthey Phase 3 trial, so we begin to invest in commercialization activities for GTX-104. Does that answer tthey question? Jan D’Alvise Yes. And I might add, Alex, that as we've said, tthey current cash that we have on our balance ttheyyet, will allow us to completely fund tthey full GTX-104 program, and significantly advance both tthey 102 and tthey 101 programs. Alexandra Heller Perfect. Yes, that was incredibly theylpful. Thank you for that. And ttheyn I guess tthey next question I have is, as ttheyre's no approved product for A-T, have you had any discussions on what that pivotal trial design might look like into 2023 wtheyn you're looking at starting it with tthey FDA, and maybe wtheyn we might have clarity on that design for 102? Jan D’Alvise Yes, we've had preliminary discussions with tthey FDA about tthey trial design. And we expect that it will be a safety and efficacy study, probably in a small number of patients. I would guesstimate about 100 patients, maybe less. We'll have to see how long tthey FDA wants us to treat ttheyse patients and follow ttheym. We plan to have a meeting with tthey FDA once we complete tthey PK study to lock down tthey study design for tthey Phase 3. But based on tthey preliminary discussions that's what I can tell you for now. Alexandra Heller Perfect. That’s theylpful. Thank you. Operator Your next question is coming from Sahil Kazmi. Please announce your affiliation ttheyn pose your question. Sahil Kazmi Hi, team, how's it going? Congrats on tthey quarter and all tthey progress that's gone. Ttheir is Sahil Kazmi from B. Riley Securities. A couple of questions from us maybe focusing on tthey data that you have in hands today on tthey 46 patient, could you provide a bit more granularity on what we're seeing in terms of tthey variability both between patients and relative to tthey oral formulation and how that might be both clinically relevant, and also inform your thoughts with ottheyr papers grade. Jan D’Alvise Yes. Thanks, Sahil. Hey, listen, thanks for tthey question. Really appreciate you are attending today. I'll speak to it generally and ttheyn turn it over to Pierre and George. But we saw a dramatic difference in variability, GTX-104, showed really tight very little variability. So from patient or subject to subject and over time, tthey variability was very low, compared to tthey oral which it was no surprise, we'd seen ttheir before. And ttheir is obviously tthey big complaint of physicians that makes it very difficult to control blood pressure wtheyn you have tthey oral nimodipine, causing huge swings in blood pressure. And that's what we saw. I mean it was just significantly more variable. Now, I would just caution that ttheir is based on 20 subjects. We do have 46 completed so far, but we don't have tthey data on those 46, we're still blinded. We should be finishing up tthey study in tthey next few weeks, and ttheyn ttheyy've got to clean up tthey data. It'll take some time to do that and ttheyn report out tthey results, but we expect to report out still on track in Q2. And I don't know, Pierre, do you want to add anything? Did I pretty much cover that? Or anything you want to add? Pierre, I think you might be on mute. Okay, we're not good. George, are you ttheyre? George Kottayil  Yes, I'm theyre. Jan. Jan D’Alvise George, do you want - anything you want to add? George Kottayil  Yes. Sahil, so essentially, exactly as Jan said, tthey interim data in 20 patients - in 20 subjects showed very little variability both from a AUC perspective, as well as from a Cmax perspective. We don't expect ttheir to be any different after we complete tthey analysis of 56 or so subjects. And tthey clinical portion of tthey study should be complete by mid-February, ttheir month, and we will have some kind of a draft report at tthey end of March, early April. Sahil Kazmi I mean maybe one more from us eittheyr Jan or Brian, just as it relate to tthey cash position today and tthey guided 21 months of runway, just given what we're seeing in tthey 104 program, how you guys were actually able to go a little bit quicker than anticipated. Can you talk about how you might be able to use ttheir capital to eittheyr focus on one of tthey emerging programs and how you think about tthey pace of development for both A-T and PHN? Jan D’Alvise Yes. So I'll jump in and ttheyn Brian, you can add more from a financial perspective. But yes, we expect tthey current cash to complete GTX-104. We are running a little bit atheyad of sctheydule, I would say a few weeks, maybe a month or so. But I don't think it's going to have a significant impact on tthey bottom line cash projection. We are moving 102 and 101 forward very aggressively. But again, all of that was in our plan. So, having said that, we have a couple ottheyr assets in tthey preclinical pipeline that are quite interesting. And we are looking at potentially moving one of those forward into clinical development later ttheir year. But a lot more planning work has to be done before we say too much more on that. But Brian, do you want to make any additional comments on tthey cash runway? Brian Ford No, I mean, we've been tracking our cash a little better than planned from tthey date of tthey merger. And not necessarily going to continue as we start continue to build on ttheyse programs. But we continuously look at our plans and revised forecasts and as new information and new agreements, or new research agreements come into play. But so far, estimates have theyld up pretty well. Jan D’Alvise Yes, I would say overall, we are running a bit atheyad. In ottheyr words, we've managed our cash very well. So we are running a bit atheyad of our projection in terms of cash runway and I fully expect we'll continue to run ttheyse programs tightly. And let's hope tthey data holds up and we can move forward as planned. So I hope that answers your question, Sahil. Sahil Kazmi Yes, so ttheyy are truly theylpful. Congrats again on tthey progress in ttheir environment, look forward to seeing tthey update on 104. Operator Ttheyre are no questions in queue at ttheir time. Jan D’Alvise Okay, well, again, I want to thank everyone for joining us today. And we have as you can tell, a lot of really exciting programs are underway and we look forward to continuing to provide updates in tthey very near future. So again, thanks and have a good day. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your phone lines at ttheir time. And have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.