Acasti Pharma Inc. (NASDAQ:ACST) Q3 2021 Results Conference Call November 10, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Jan D’Alvise – President and Chief Executive Officer Pierre Lemieux – Chief Operating Officer, Canada, Chief Scientific Officer, and Co-Founder George Kottayil – Chief Operating Officer, U.S. Brian Ford – Chief Financial Officer Prashant Kohli – VP of Commercial Operations David Waldman – Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Robert Kaufman – Blackridge Capital Jim Caldwell – Analyst Sean Canavan – Analyst Sahil Khathmi – Analyst Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Acasti Pharma Second Quarter 2022, earnings call. At ttheir time all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and tthey floor will be open for questions and comments after tthey presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn tthey floor over to your host, David Waldmann of Investor Relations. Sir, tthey floor is yours. David Waldman Thank you. And good afternoon, everyone. I would like to welcome you to Acasti Pharma's Fiscal 2022, Second-Quarter Conference Call. On tthey call with us ttheir afternoon are, Jan D'Alvise, President and CEO, Dr. Pierre Lemieux, Chief Operating Officer, Canada, Chief Scientific Officer, and Co-Founder, Dr. George Kottayil, Chief Operating Officer, U.S., Brian Ford, Chief Financial Officer, and Prashant Kohli, VP of Commercial Operations.  We are planning for Q&A session at tthey end of our prepared remarks. But if you have any remaining questions after tthey call, or would like any additional information about tthey Company, please contact Crescendo Communications at [Operator Instructions]. 200.  I'd also like to remind everyone that statements on ttheir conference call that are not statements of theirtorical or current facts constitute forward-looking information within tthey meaning of tthey Canadian securities laws and forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey Securities Act of 1933, and tthey Securities in exchange act 1934.  Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties and ottheyr unknown factors that could cause tthey actual results of a custody to be materially different from theirtorical results or from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.  In addition to statements which explicitly describes such risks and uncertainties, readers are urged to consider statements labeled with terms belief expects, intends anticipates potential should may will plans continue targeted or ottheyr similar expressions to be uncertain forward-looking listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date of ttheir conference call.  Forward-looking statements during ttheir conference, call may include but are not limited to tthey success and timing of regulatory submissions of tthey PK bridging study for GTX 104 and a cost sees ottheyr pre -clinical and clinical trials, regulatory requirements or developments changes to clinical trial designs and regulatory pathways, legislative, regulatory, political and economic developments.  Across ttheyse predicted cash position operating runaway, and tthey effects of COVID-19 on clinical programs and business operations. Tthey forward-looking statements contained in ttheir conference call are expressly qualified in ttheyir entirety by ttheir cautionary statement, tthey cautionary note regarding forward-looking information section contained in Acasti last quarterly report on Form-10-Q.  And most recent management's discussion analysis, which will be available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com, on EDGAR at www.sec.gov, and on tthey Investors section of tthey Acasti's website at www.acastipharma.com. All forward-looking statement in ttheir conference call are made as tthey date of tthey conference call. Acasti do not undertake to update any such forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise, except as required by law.  Tthey forward-looking statements contained theyrein are also subject generally to assumptions and risks and uncertainties that are described from time to time in Acasti's public securities filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and tthey Canadian Securities Commissions, including Acasti's quarterly report on Form 10-Q and most recent MD&A.  In addition, any forward-looking statements represent Acasti's views as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views of any subsequent date. While Acasti might update forward-looking statements at some point in tthey future. Unless legally required under applicable securities law, Acasti specifically disclaims any obligation to do so. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Jan D'Alvise, please go atheyad, Jan. Jan D’Alvise Thank you, David. And I'd like to welcome everyone on tthey call today. Tthey second quarter was truly transformational for Acasti. As you know, we successfully completed tthey merger with Scott Ttheyrapeutics in August, creating a premier clinical stage, specialty pharma Company, focused on rare and orphan diseases.  We now have a diverse technology and product portfolio comprised of unique drug delivery capabilities, and several clinical and pre -clinical stage drug assets. Our lead clinical drug candidates have been specifically designed and formulated to enhance efficacy and safety by providing faster onset of action and reduce side effects.  All are being more conveniently delivered, which can ultimately increase patient compliance, and potentially lead to improved clinical outcomes. Ttheir acquisition brings us new and exciting opportunities in sizable orphan disease markets with substantial unmet medical needs. I'm really pleased to report that in tthey short time since completing tthey merger, we've achieved meaningful progress both in terms of clinical development and business operations.  We've swiftly and smoothly integrated tthey grace in place with Acasti, and we're now laser-focused on advancing our clinical pipeline. Towards ttheir end immediately following tthey closing of tthey acquisition, we commenced enrollment for our pivotal pharmacokinetic bridging study for GTX 104, our novel Aquia formulation of Nimodipine that's being developed as an IV infusion for patients experiencing subarachnoid theymorrhage or SAH, those triggered by an aneurysm.  Ttheir important study is tthey next required step in tthey proposed 505B2 regulatory pathway and is being conducted in 50 theyalthy subjects as a single-center randomized two period crossover study. Tthey primary objective of tthey study is to evaluate and compare tthey relative bio-availability of GTX 104, with tthey currently marketed oral Nimodipine capsules, which are tthey standard of care.  Tthey second objective, is to assess tthey safety and tolerability of GTX 104, as compared to oral Nimodipine capsules. For tthey study protocol, subjects will be randomized, assigned to in a one-to-one ratio, to 1 of 2 treatment sequences with a cross-over design. So Group A, will switch to Group B, wtheyre GTX 104 is administered first.  Or Group B will switch to Group A, wtheyre oral Nimodipine capsules are administered first. In both groups, GTX 104 and Nimodipine will be administered intravenously over a 72-hour period. And Nimodipine will be administered orally via 230-milligram capsules with water every 4 hours for 72 hours.  Throughout tthey study, we will be conducting safety evaluations which will include capturing any treatment emergent adverse events, serious adverse events, electrocardiogram data, clinical laboratory evaluations, physical examinations, and resting vital signs, which will include very importantly blood pressure. Subjects will be admitted to tthey clinical research unit or tthey CRU on tthey day prior to dosing.  And ttheyy will remain domiciled in tthey CRU for tthey duration of each study period. Again, tthey goal of ttheir pivotal study is to achieve blood levels with our GCCe formulation that are comparable to tthey oral form of tthey drug that is in routine use today. As previously announced, we expect to report results during tthey first half of calendar 2022, based on tthey previous encouraging results from tthey PK study conducted by grace, we remain optimistic that ttheir pivotal PK study will achieve its primary and secondary endpoints.  Following tthey data readout and its subsequent review with tthey FDA, we intend to determine tthey final design of our planned Phase III safety study for GTX 104., assuming tthey PK study and tthey FDA meetings proceed as planned, we intend to commence tthey Phase 3 study, in tthey second half of next year, calendar 2020. Both tthey PK study and tthey initiation of tthey Phase 3 safety study, are very important near-term, and very meaningful catalysts for tthey Company.  As a reminder, SAH is a rare and life-threatening medical emergency, wtheyre bleeding occurs over tthey surface of tthey brain in tthey subarachnoid space between tthey brain and tthey skull. It's estimated to affect about, 50,000 patients per year, representing an estimated addressable market of more than $300 million in tthey United States alone. As ttheyy typically occurs quickly in tthey key to patient survival is prompt medical intervention.  Normally it requires immediate surgery and on average, about 2 weeks in a neuro intensive care unit to try to prevent death and reduce tthey risk of long-term disability. Patients typically remain on Nimodipine throughout ttheyir stay in tthey Neuro ICU. Nimodipine is currently only available in an oral dosage form in tthey United States and many of ttheyse patients come into tthey hospital unconscious or have a hard time swallowing during ttheyir hospital stay.  Ttheyrefore, we believe GTX-104 delivered intravenously could be a much more convenient and efficient way to deliver nimodipine. And importantly, because of its better absorption profile and more consistent blood levels, GTX-104 could potentially provide physicians with a more effective tool for hypertension management.  Ttheir advantage is really important as GTX-104 could theylp to reduce tthey incidents of vasospasm, which requires immediate, aggressive, and costly intervention, and can lead to worse outcomes for tthey patient. Also, please note that GTX-104 has been granted Orphan Drug Designation status by tthey FDA. Ttheir provides us with tthey potential for 7 years of market exclusivity in tthey United States.  Provided that, we see a similar safety profile to oral Nimodipine upon completion of tthey Phase 3 study, we could ttheyn expect to proceed with tthey filing of an NDA, using tthey Orphan Drug Designation and tthey 505(b)(2) pathway. We're very excited about GTX-104 's potential, and we look forward to updating you as we progress towards tthey achievement of ttheyse important near-term catalysts.  Now, regarding our ottheyr two clinical candidates, GTX-101 and GTX-102, we've recently been awarded for composition of matter patents between tthey 2 drugs. Tthey European Patent Office, tthey Chinese Patent Office and tthey Mexican Patent Office, all have issued composition of matter patents for GTX-101, which is our novel bioadtheysive film forming topical spray formulation of Bupivacaine for tthey treatment of posttheyrpetic neuralgia or PHN.  And as a reminder, PHN is a persistent and often debilitating neuropathic pain, which is caused by nerve damage from tthey shingles virus. In fact, it's still loss in sighted as tthey leading cause of suicide in chronic pain patients over tthey age of 70. It's also been reported that PHN affects approximately a 150 thousand patients per year in tthey United States alone, which represents an estimated addressable market of about $400 million.  Based on encouraging results from a Phase one PK study conducted previously by grace, we believe that GTx 101 by[Indiscernible] delivery mechanism has tthey potential for rapid onset, as well as continuous pain relief for up to 8 hours. Ttheir could be a significant improvement over tthey standard of care, ttheyn it could potentially provide physicians and patients with an opioid sparing alternative.  As bupivacaine. is well understood, it's safe and it's a non-habit forming, non-narcotic analgesic. We plan to conduct single and multiple ascending dose or SAD MAD studies with GTx 101 next year. And we expect to report those results by tthey end of calendar 2022. Furttheyrmore, we intend to initiate a phase two study shortly after reporting ttheir SAD MAD data.  Now turning to GTX-102, tthey Japanese patent office recently granted a cost DEA composition of matter patent for ttheir novel concentrated, easy-to-use oral mucosal spray formulation of betamethazone. We're developing ttheir to improve tthey neurological symptoms of ataxia-telangiectasia or A-T.  Now, A-T is a progressive neurodegenerative genetic disease that's typically diagnosed in children at a very young age. It causes severe disability as it affects many parts of tthey body, including areas of tthey brain which impact ttheyir motor function and ttheyir speech. A-T is also associated with tthey weakening of tthey immune system, predisposing ttheyse patients to infection and cancers. Sadly, A-T patients typically die in ttheyir mid-20s.  Ttheir disease unfortunately affects about 4,300 patients per year in tthey United States, creating an estimated addressable market of about $150 million. Now based on an independent study conducted in Italy, with an oral liquid form of bethametasone, we believe GTx 102's novel concentrated oral Mucosal Spray Formulation, has tthey potential to simplify drug administration and improve, tthey symptoms of AT.  Including posture and gate disturbance, as well as kinetic and speech functions. Ttheyrefore, we believe that GTx 104 could address a very important unmet medical need as no FDA approved Pharmaco ttheyrapies currently exist. In tthey near-term, we plan to conduct a pharmacokinetic bridging study comparing blood levels of GTX 102 to a reference product containing beta. We anticipate reporting those results by tthey end of next year.  Assuming ttheir trial is successful, we would ttheyn move forward quickly to conduct a confirmatory Phase III safety and efficacy trial in patients with A-T. Ttheyse newly granted composition on matter patents, are very important additions to our already strong and establittheyyd Intellectual Property portfolio. As ttheyy provide protection beyond 2036 and create potential opportunities for partnering in ttheyse major international markets.  I hope you're as pleased as we are, by tthey meaningful progress that, has already been made in tthey two short months, since we completed tthey merger. We look forward to reporting on progress next quarter, as we continue to advance our lead drug candidates through clinical development and ultimately to commercialization. So with those operating updates, I'll now turn tthey call over to Brian Ford, our CFO to discuss our financial results for fiscal Q2. Brian. Brian Ford Thank you, Jan. And good afternoon, everyone. Turning to our results for tthey quarter, R&D expenses before depreciation, amortization, and stock-based compensation expenses, for tthey three months ended September 30th 2021, totaled $0.55 million compared to $0.81 million for tthey same three months ended September 30th, 2020, In that decrease was mainly attributable to tthey reduction in professional fees within tthey research and development departments, associated with tthey completed TRILOGY trials, as well as tthey reversal of prior period provision after assessments and correspondence from tax authorities.  Ttheyre were no significant R&D costs in Q2, related to tthey acquired assets from Scott, as ttheyse programs only began to ramp up, as of September 2021. General Administrative expenses before stock-based compensation expenses for tthey three months ended September 30, 2021 were $2.9 million compared to $1.1 million for tthey three months ended September 30, 2020. Ttheir increase was a result of increased legal, tax, and accounting, and ottheyr professional fees related to tthey Scott Ttheyrapeutics transaction.  Loss from operating activities for tthey 3 months ended September 30th, 2021 was $3.6 million compared to a loss of $8 million for tthey 3 months ended September 30th, 2020, tthey reduction was mainly due to a reduction in [Indiscernible] and sales and marketing expenses offset by an increase in general and admin expenses as a result of increased legal tax, tax, accounting, and ottheyr professional fees related to tthey great transaction for tthey 3 months ended September 30th, 2021.  Tthey Company also recognized 5.3 million of impairment charges, including $3.7 million related to tthey intangible assets and $1.6 million related to production on lab equipment for tthey complete program. And that was back in 2020. Net income for tthey 3 months ended September 30th, 2021 was 1 million or roughly $0.03 a share compared to a net loss of 6.1 million for $0.52 per share for tthey 3 months ended September 30th, 2020.  Tthey increase resulted primarily from a gain of $4.5 million, due mostly to a decrease in tthey fair value of tthey derivative warrant liability, as well as tthey decrease in R&D expenses in tthey trilogy Phase III clinical program [Indiscernible] was completed. Cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $50.8 million as of September 30th, 2021, compared to $11.6 million in cash and cash equivalents at September 30th, 2020.  Based on management's current projections, Acasti believes that our existing cash provides at least 2 years of operating runway. Also during tthey quarter as Jan mentioned earlier, we completed tthey acquisition of a merger with Scott Ttheyrapeutics through tthey issuance of 18.2 million shares that have tthey value of $60.8 million.  Upon completion of tthey transaction, tthey Company recognized acquired intangible assets of $65.2 million, primarily related to tthey development assets [Indiscernible] Finally, in addition to our quarterly filing, I should report that we also filed a prospectus supplement related to our existing at-tthey-market or ATM facility to update our disclosures and restore available capacity to 75 billion under tthey terms of tthey related sales agreements and prospects to supplement tthey cash you may from time-to-time issuance of common shares have an aggregate offering value of up to 75 million.  I would remind our shareholders that we currently have an estimated 2 years of operating capital that will fund several major catalysts, including tthey completion of our GTX-104 program. Ttheir filing of tthey ATM perspective supplement was simply a good housekeeping activity to regain tthey active status of tthey facility following tthey merger.  We have no obligation or plans to use tthey ATM in tthey future. And we would only use it prudently and opportunistically with a goal to minimize shareholder dilution. With that, I will now turn tthey call back over to Jan. Jan? Jan D’Alvise Super thanks, Brian. That concludes our prepared remarks. Now we'd like to open tthey call to any questions. Operator, do we have any in tthey queue? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Ladies and gentlemen, tthey floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. [Operator Instructions]. Please hold while we poll for questions. Your first question for today is coming from Robert Kaufman. Please announce your affiliation ttheyn pose your question. Robert Kaufman Hi. Thank you. I'm with Blackridge Capital. I want to congratulate you guys on tthey progress so far. I do have a few questions. First, Jim, do you mind elaborating on tthey importance of tthey PK study. And ttheyn tthey expected timing of tthey Phase III of GTX 104. Jan D’Alvise Sure. Thanks, Robert, appreciate tthey question. And thanks for attending today. I assume you're referring to GTX-104, our IV formulation of Nimodipine. Is that correct? Robert Kaufman Correct. Jan D’Alvise Yes. So that study is well underway. We refer to it as a pivotal trial. Tthey key theyre is again, being able to compare our blood levels of our IV infusion to tthey orally administered Nimodipine. And if we can show a comparison between tthey two, ttheyn we'll be able to proceed directly to our Phase 3 safety study.  And again, tthey PK study is underway. We expect results in tthey first half of next year. And we would expect ttheym to be able to start tthey Phase 3 safety study in tthey second half of next year. So certainly before year-end. Robert Kaufman Ttheyn, great. And ttheyn a follow-on to that, what would be your commercial strategy following tthey approval? Jan D’Alvise Yes. Great question. So with GTX-104, it's -- we're targeting a fairly concentrated market. We'll be focused on tthey major Neuro ICU centers around tthey country. We believe that, we can reach those centers ourselves with a small, very targeted commercial team. We feel that, we can do that very cost effectively, and it gives us control of tthey product. So that would be our plan with GTX 104.  I think it would be our plan as well with GTX 102. That's even a smaller, more concentrated market. Ttheyre's probably about a dozen centers in tthey United States that treat ttheyse kids with, A-T. Tthey most important center is Johns Hopkins. Ttheyy probably treat about 50% of tthey patients in tthey United States. And we're very pleased that ttheyy're working with us and will be part of our clinical trial program.  So I think it will be very easy for us to reach those markets directly ourselves. On tthey ottheyr hand, GTX-101 is a very large market and tthey physicians that are primarily prescribing our PCPs, primary care physicians. And so for GTX-101 will likely seek a commercial partnership in tthey United States. And as we will outside of tthey U.S. really for all of our drug assets. Robert Kaufman Thank you very much. I appreciate tthey detailed response to add ttheym. I look forward to theyaring more development sort of you guys. I'll jump back in tthey queue if I have furttheyr questions. Jan D’Alvise Thanks, Robert, appreciate it. Have a good day. Operator Once again, [Operator Instructions].You do have a follow-up question coming from Robert. Robert, your line is live. Robert Kaufman Hi. Again, I do have anottheyr question. So thanks for taking me again. I see you do have sufficient cash. Can you explain how you're going to be deploying that and your plans for it? Jan D’Alvise Yes, sure. Happy to do that. It's difficult to precisely estimate tthey total cost of each of ttheyse programs at ttheir point. We don't have final design, for example, for tthey Phase 3 programs for each of ttheyse products. But we will be getting that tremendous amount of input from tthey FDA over tthey next year, as we complete our Phase 1 PK programs and getting input into tthey Phase 3 in case of GTX-104 and 102.  With GTX-101, we do expect will proceed to a Phase 2 next year. But tthey current cash that we have, we believe is adequate to take us through complete development through Phase 3 of GTX-104, and it should significantly advance both GTX-102 and 101. So I don't know if that answered your question, Robert. Can I expand on that? Robert Kaufman No, I think that's great. That [Indiscernible] answered my question. I appreciate tthey time, Jan. Jan D’Alvise You bet. Yeah, thanks again. Operator I would now like to turn tthey floor back over to Jim Caldwell. Your line is live. Jim Caldwell Thank you. Hello, Jan. Just wondering if you could outline what's happening with CaPre. And tthey second question is, do we have some investment firms that we're following Acasti beforehand with CaPre? I'm just wondering if ttheyy're still on tthey scene. Jan D’Alvise Yeah. Thanks, Jim. Great to theyar your voice. Thanks for tthey question. With CaPre, what I can tell you is, as we've stated previously, we are continuing to evaluate several strategic options for CaPre and those are progressing will continue to keep you apprised. As ttheir progress -- process progresses. So we'll keep you posted on that.  And your second question. Yeah, we're very, very hopeful that will be able to pick up coverage, analyst coverage with some additional firms in tthey near future. But I really don't have, I can't really comment on tthey timing as because I don't have any insight into tthey timing at ttheir point. Jim Caldwell Okay. Thank you. Jan D’Alvise Thanks, Jim. Operator Your next question is coming from Sean Canavan. Your line is live. Sean Canavan Hey Jan, good afternoon. Coming from a shareholder, question I have for you is, we were going back to Ford, would be Investor Relations teams. I mean, even yourself on several calls. Ttheyre's a lot of shareholders impacted with that reverse stock split. What is tthey plan moving forward to kind of recoup some of that? Right. And not being that you guys said that was tthey absolute last resort, what do you guys do prior to that before beginning tthey last resort? Jan D’Alvise You're speaking tthey reverse split. Yes. We worked with NASDAQ to try to delay tthey implementation. Hoping that, tthey market would react to tthey news of our merger with Scott. That did not happen and we simply ran out of time. In order to maintain our listing, NASDAQ required that, we get our share price backup above $1. So we really had to implement that, at tthey time that we did.  And now honestly, all we can do I think is, really focused on execution. And I hope you can see that, we've made significant progress in tthey last two months just since tthey merger. We have a number of studies eittheyr underway or about to start. Ttheyse are very important catalysts for tthey Company. And I think we'll have tthey potential to create a lot of value as we go forward. And it's also up to us to get tthey word out.  I mean, what I'm realizing that, is that so many of our investors really don't understand tthey new business of Acasti. Ttheyy're not familiar with tthey assets. I think we've got to get out and we've got to educate, we've got to communicate, and we are doing that now. We're going to a number of conferences.  We've been to several just since tthey acquisition was completed. We have participated in a number of interviews. We've had a couple of publications. We just need to do more of that, Sean. And I think if we can show in a very short period of time, for example, I mentioned that we'll have our PK results in tthey first half of next year.  If we can start showing results with additional studies following that one, ttheyn I think -- tthey Company will -- should be able to significantly improve our value. I know it's frustrating. We're all frustrated over it, but we really did tthey best we could to postpone doing tthey reverse split to tthey very last moment. Sean Canavan I theyard tthey same thing prior to tthey reverse split, but again, I'm all on with you guys, got my fingers crossed. Jan D’Alvise Yeah. Well, just let's see what we definitely plan to show you we can execute. We've got a great team and we're well underway with tthey PK trial. And as I mentioned to Robert, ttheir is really a pivotal study. Ttheyse results are very important, tthey safety of Nimodipine is well accepted. Tthey fact that all that we have to do after ttheir pivotal PK trial is a safety study, it bodes well for our ability to get approval of GTX 104.  And so we've just got to keep putting one foot atheyad of tthey ottheyr theyre and I think we've got tthey team to do it, we've got some exciting assets, so you're going to see a number of catalysts over tthey next year that, I think, hopefully will make a difference. We appreciate your hanging in ttheyre. Sean Canavan Thank you. Operator Your next question is coming from Sahil Kathmi. Your line is live. Sahil Khathmi Hi, Jan and team. Thanks so much for taking our questions and congratulations on all tthey progress. Just a couple of brief one from us. Curious about how you're thinking about tthey commercial potential theyre across both 104 and 102?  And how that might differ across tthey different geographies, wtheyttheyr be in tthey U.S. or tthey EU? Are ttheyre certain prescribers you're targeting? And just in general, how should we think about tthey ramp as we go into tthey PK study through tthey safety study and ttheyn into 2023? Jan D’Alvise Yes, great. Sahil, thank you for joining today, appreciate it. I'll turn ttheir question over to Prashant. Prashant is our VP of Commercial Operations. Prashant, can you respond on tthey commercial question? Prashant Kohli Sure happy to.[Indiscernible] in terms of -- I will just take ttheym one at a time, 104 and ttheyn 102. 104 has Jan alluded to tthey market is fairly concentrated through tthey compretheynsive and advanced stroke centers in tthey country. We believe based on tthey segmentation and tthey market analysis that we have conducted, ttheyre are about 400 such centers in tthey country that handle about 70% of tthey patient volume.  So with tthey relatively small footprint of sales force, highly experienced hospital. Based sales force, we believe we can cover a major portion of tthey market. GTX-104, which is an IV formulation of nimodipine, we believe has potential outside tthey U.S. as well. Ttheyre is a intravenous formulation of nimodipine available in certain geographies in Europe.  However, ttheyre are significant benefits to our formulation, tthey biggest one being that it can be periptheyrally infused as opposed to a central line, which adds a lot of complexity bedside. So we believe that ttheyre is a strong value proposition outside tthey U.S. and opportunistically, we plan on partnering for those or such opportunities.  For GTX-102, once again, Jan mentioned, that's a very -- that's a much smaller market from a clinical perspective. Ttheyre are about a dozen such centers in tthey country. So with a relatively small sales force we can capture a lot of tthey value and cover those markets. Similar to 104, our plans are to partner with international biopharma to take our drug to those markets. Does that theylp answer tthey question? Sahil Khathmi Yeah, I now. Thanks so much. Great. And ttheyn just a brief follow-up on 104. From our perspective it looks like a relatively de -risk path forward theyre. But if you can talk about pending tthey PK study, a little bit more color on what that sort of Phase III pivotal safety study might look like from a design perspective. And maybe wtheyn you plan to read that out as well. Jan D’Alvise Yeah. So, I'll give you a brief answer theyre and ttheyn Pierre or George could jump in. Ultimately, we're going to have to sit down with tthey FDA but preliminary discussions would indicate that we would need maybe about 100 patients. So it's not a big study. And again, tthey important focus of tthey study is going to be on safety.  And again, what we've seen so far with tthey IV form of Nimodipine is that it may in fact even be more safe or have a reduced number of adverse events, as compared to tthey oral. Simply because, it's easier to control tthey administration and you see less variability in terms of blood levels. So ttheir could be important.  And I think tthey ottheyr thing to mention is, while it's not required for tthey design of ttheir study, we do want to collect some Pharmaco economic endpoint data. Because we do believe that, ttheir will be a very important aspect or benefit of our IV formulation. For example, we believe that, it's going to require less nursing time, less prone to medication errors.  Certainly want to capture, wtheyttheyr ttheyre's a reduction in tthey any sort of rescue ttheyrapy that's required. And ultimately, does it lead to a shorter stay in tthey ICU? Do ttheyse patients -- are tthey outcomes better? So ttheyse are tthey sorts of things that, we want to collect. It won't be designed as an outcome trial, but we'll be able to collect data, such as I described. And ttheyn our thoughts would be to try to publish that data. Sahil Khathmi Excellent. Thanks so much. And once again, congrats on tthey progress, we look forward to following tthey story. Jan D’Alvise Yes. Thanks, Sahil. Really appreciate it. Take care.