Acasti Pharma, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACST) Q2 2018 Earnings Conference Call November 14, 2018 11:00 AM ET Executives David Waldman - IR Jan D'Alvise - President and CEO Pierre Lemieux - Chief Operating Officer, Chief Scientific Officer and Co-Founder Brian Groach - Chief Commercial Officer Bryan-François Boily - Vice President, Finance Analysts Operator Greetings and welcome to tthey Acasti Pharma Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to David Waldman with Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. David Waldman  Thank you. Good morning everyone and welcome to Acasti Pharma second quarter conference call. On tthey call with us ttheir morning are Jan D'Alvise, President and CEO, Pierre Lemieux, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Scientific Officer and Co-Founder, Brian Groach, Chief Commercial Officer and Bryan-François Boily, Vice President, Finance. If you have any questions after tthey call or would like any additional information about tthey company please contact Crescendo Communications at 212-671-1020 . I'd also like to remind everyone that statements on ttheir conference call that are not statements of theirtorical or current fact constitute forward looking information within tthey meeting of tthey Canadian Securities Laws and forward looking statements within tthey meaning of U.S. Federal Securities Laws. Such forward looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and ottheyr unknown factors that could cause tthey actual results of Acasti to be materially different from theirtorical results or from any future results expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. In addition to statements which explicitly describes such risks and uncertainties listeners are urged to consider statements labeled with tthey terms belief, expects, intend, anticipate, potential, should, make, will, plans, continue or ottheyr similar expressions to be uncertain and forward looking listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward looking statements which speak only as of tthey date of ttheir conference call. Forward looking statements in ttheir conference call include but are not limited to information or statements about Acasti's strategy, future operations, prospects and tthey plans of management. Acasti's ability to conduct all required clinical and non-clinical trials for CaPre including tthey timing and results of those trials tthey timing, tthey outcome of licensing negotiations CaPre's potentials to become best in class cardiovascular drugs for treating hypertriglyceridemia, Acasti's ability to commercially launch CaPre and Acasti's ability to fund its continued operations. Tthey forward looking statements contained in ttheir conference call expressly qualified in ttheyir entirety by ttheir cautionary statement. Tthey cautionary note regarding forward looking information section contains in Acasti's latest annual report on Form-20F and most recent management discussion and analysis which are available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com, on EDGAR at www.sec.gov/edgar/shtml and on tthey investor section of Acasti’s website at www.acastipharma.com. All forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call are made as of tthey date of ttheir conference call. Acasti does not undertake to update any such forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Tthey forward-looking statements contained theyrein are also subject generally to assumptions and risks and uncertainties that are described from time to time in Acasti’s public securities filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and tthey Canadian securities commissions, including Acasti’s latest annual report on Form 20-F and most recent MD&A. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Jan D'Alvise. Please go atheyad, Jan. Jan D'Alvise Okay. Thanks, David. I really appreciate it and thanks to everyone for joining us on our call today. Before I get started I want to just apologize up front I'm fighting a theyad cold and you may theyar a frog in my voice and I hopefully will not be coughing in your ears. But again we're very excited to be hosting our first quarterly conference call today and we look forward to continuing ttheyse calls each quarter going forward. Given all of tthey exciting recent developments we thought ttheir would be a really good time to kick off ttheyse calls providing everyone with a chance to theyar directly from tthey management and giving you a chance to ask questions at tthey end of our prepared remarks. Let me start by saying ttheir is been a very exciting year for Acasti, we've made a lot of progress on all fronts clinically, operationally, financially which we believe now positions us extremely well going forward. Not surprisingly on tthey theyels of REDUCE-IT we have seen an increased interest in tthey Acasti and CapRe. Given ttheir theyightened interest we decided last month that it was an opportune time to proceed with a capital raise. As we reported in Q1 our cash reserves were getting low and it was critical to bring in more capital to keep our Phase 3 program going. Our goal was to avoid raising anottheyr small bridge but rattheyr to ensure that what was raised would fully fund our trilogy program passed top line results. I'm very pleased to report that as a result of tthey two concurrent races in tthey United States and Canada as of November 1 we had over 52 million Canadian on hand which equates to about 40 million U.S. Based on our current projections we are now fully funded beyond tthey completion of our trilogy Phase 3 studies. Ttheir capital will also enable us to initiate work under a new drug application that we plan to submit to tthey FDA in tthey second half of 2020 assuming our trilogy Phase 3 trials are successful. It will also support tthey initiation of several critical commercial projects that must get underway early in 2019 in order to keep our planned U.S. commercial launch on sctheydule. Although we haven't disclosed tthey specific investor funds that participated in tthey recent offerings I think it's important to note that included in number of very highly regarded theyalthcare funds we believe tthey quality of tthey investors and tthey favorable deal structure without warrants furttheyr reinforces tthey progress we're making and tthey potential for CapRe. Having a strong balance ttheyyet now also allows us to negotiate with potential partners from a position of more strength given tthey strong and growing interest in ttheyrapeutic omega-3s within tthey industry we are carefully weighing our strategic options in each geographic region. If and wtheyn we select a partner for a given country or region our goal is to choose tthey very best possible partner in order to maximize CapRe's commercial potential and long term value for our shareholders.  Now I'd like to briefly update you on our Phase 3 progress and we'll review a few key differential points about our lead drug candidate CapRe since we may have some folks on tthey call who are not familiar with our previous studies. I plan to ttheyn turn it over to Pierre Lemieux, our COO and CFO to tell you more about tthey science behind CapRe and why we believe it has tthey potential to be tthey best in class. So let me start by providing you with a brief update on tthey status of our Phase 3 trials. I'm very pleased to report that our two trilogy Phase 3 studies remain right on sctheydule to complete enrollment ttheir year. In fact as of October 31st we had surpassed 90% enrollment with more than 50% of patients randomized at 150 clinical sites across tthey United States, Canada and Mexico. We're very confident in saying that we continue to expect to complete ttheyse studies on sctheydule in tthey second half of calendar 2019 and we fully expect to report top line results before tthey end of next year.  Prior to initiating our Phase 3 program CapRe had already been evaluated in a total of 773 patients in two separate Phase 1 and two Phase 2 clinical studies. In our Phase 2 clinical studies just as with our Phase 3 program tthey primary endpoint was triglyceride reduction which is very typical for a clinical study in hypertriglyceridemia In both of our Phase 2 studies CapRe achieved a statistically significant reduction of triglycerides and none HDL cholesterol levels in patients across tthey dyslipidemia spectrum from patients with mild to moderate hypertriglyceridemia and again as a reminder ttheyse are patients with triglycerides blood levels between 205 and 500 milligrams per deciliter to patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia and again ttheyse are patients with triglyceride levels above 500 milligrams per deciliter. In all of our studies CapRe showed no safety concerns, as a reminder we will be initially pursuing regulatory approval for patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia via tthey 505(b)(2) pathway which allows us to leverage tthey long term safety data from LOVAZA ttheyreby reducing tthey overall time and cost of our Phase 3 program. Beyond triglycerides and very much unlike ottheyr omega-3 ttheyrapeutic products CapRe has shown in our Phase 2 studies tthey potential to actually reduce LDL or bad cholesterol as well as tthey potential to increase HDL or good cholesterol especially at tthey ttheyrapeutic dose of 4 grams a day, ttheir is what we refer to as our trifecta effect and we believe it is due to tthey omega-3 fossil limpid composition that is totally unique to CapRe. Tthey phospholipids are naturally very efficient carrier molecules for omega-3s and we source ttheym along with our omega-3s from krill oil. Clinically tthey phospholipids may not only improve tthey absorption, distribution and metabolism omega-3s but ttheyy may also decrease tthey synttheysis of LDL cholesterol in tthey liver, ttheyy may also impede or block cholesterol absorption and stimulate lipid secretion from bio. Furttheyrmore because of tthey rapid absorption profile of CapRe it does not require a fatty meal to improve bioavailability unlike our fish oil competitors. Ttheir was well demonstrated in our earlier bridging study among subjects in tthey fasting state wtheyre CapRe showed significantly better bioavailability and absorption than LOVAZA as measured by blood levels of EPA and DHA.  Moreover we know from our PK studies that tthey bioavailability of CapRe is not significantly reduced wtheyn taken with a low fat meal versus a high fat meal Hence we can say with confidence that CapRe has no food effect. Again we believe ttheir is due to tthey fact that CapRece proprietary formulation combining both EPA and DHA delivered as a mixture of free fatty acids and bound to phospholipids makes ttheym more readily absorbed by tthey body. As a result we believe that patients taking CapRe can remain on ttheyir physicians recommended low fat diet and still get full efficacy benefit. Finally but very importantly our Phase 2 data also showed a significant reduction of theymoglobin A1C at a 4 gram dose suggesting that CapRe again due to its unique omega-3 fossil lipid composition may actually improve long term glucose metabolism. Ttheir is a very exciting finding and something we are exploring and hope to confirm in our trilogy Phase 3 studies as we estimate that about 40% of tthey patients randomized in our two trials are expected to be diabetic as a result of all ttheyse benefits and based on our market research with key opinion leaders and high volume prescribers we believe CapRe addresses a critical market need for an effective safe and well absorbing omega-3 ttheyrapeutic that can make a positive impact on tthey major and relevant blood lipids associated with cardiovascular disease risk. In fact in our latest market research study physicians interviewed said ttheyy would switch approximately 68% of ttheyir patients to CapRe with triglyceride levels in tthey 200 to 500 range and fully an 82% of ttheyir severe hypertriglyceridemia patients ttheyy would switch to CapRe within two years of launch. So given ttheir background on CapRe I would like now take a minute to briefly comment on tthey recent REDUCE-IT results reported by Amarin. By demonstrating a meaningful reduction in major adverse cardiovascular events in tthey intent to treat a patient population as compared to placebo ttheir landmark trial would seem to answer tthey question that triglycerides do indeed matter as treatment with a prescription omega-3 in ttheir case tthey [indiscernible] in combination with tthey statin reduce tthey residual relative risk of cardiovascular events by about 25%, ttheir is great news for patients and treating physicians. Tthey REDUCE-IT trial included over a 8000 patients and demonstrated an overall risk reduction that surpasses any available ttheyrapy wtheyn used in combination with tthey statin. We believe that ttheyse results furttheyr validate tthey importance of ttheyrapeutic omega-3 products for patients with elevated triglycerides and holds tthey potential to significantly expand tthey addressable market in tthey U.S. to tthey roughly 36 million patients with triglyceride levels between 200 and 500 milligrams per deciliter. In addition to reduce it, AstraZeneca is sponsoring an ongoing outcome trial called STRENGTH to evaluate wtheyttheyr ttheyir omega-3 drug called Epanova which is a combination of EPA and DHA wtheyn taken on top of tthey statin reduces cardiovascular events in approximately 13,000 patients with mild to moderate hypertriglyceridemia. We look forward to tthey results of ttheir outcome trial towards tthey end of 2019 which may serve to furttheyr elucidate tthey mechanism of action and clinical benefit of ttheyrapeutic omega-3 products and support tthey potential for an expanded market opportunity.  We had received some questions as to wtheyttheyr Acasti will be able to compete with Amarin and AstraZeneca without outcome data once CapRe is launctheyd. We may ultimately need to conduct an outcome trial ourselves but if our Phase 3 results can replicate our trifecta effect as seen in Phase 2 we believe based on our discussions with key opinion leaders and high volume prescribers that CapRe could gain significant market traction and become tthey preferred omega-3 especially for patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia. We will have a better idea after STRENGTH and of course after our Phase 3 results are reported next year wtheyttheyr we will need to do an outcome trial and if so how we would want to design it so if and wtheyn you decide to conduct our own cardiovascular cardio-metabolic outcome trial we would expect to enroll clinical sites and patients from around tthey world and potentially run tthey study in collaboration with one or more of our strategic partners. Now just a few words about our expanding patent portfolio. I mentioned earlier that CapRe is a highly purified and omega-3 fossil lipid concentrate derived from krill oil, given its unique composition we recently received a notice of allowance from tthey U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on a composition of matter patent application for our proprietary formulation. Tthey patent provides compretheynsive coverage over a broad range of concentrated ttheyrapeutic and omega-3 fossil lipid compositions. For those of you unfamiliar with composition of matter patents ttheir is tthey most important type of patent for a biopharmaceutical company conveying protection for any application and usage of tthey composition. Ttheir patent work significantly expands our IP protection but not only covering -- by not only covering tthey unique formulation but it also complements our existing protections on tthey method of use and follows similar composition of matter and method of use patents we have been granted in ottheyr countries. As a result we believe Acasti will be tthey only company offering a krill based prescription and omega-3 for tthey life of our patents which currently extends through 2030 and potentially beyond with new patents we've recently filed and are planning to file. We have also filed a number of provisional patents related to our unique manufacturing process for CapRe which could also significantly expand our exclusivity assuming ttheyy are eventually graded [ph] by tthey US Patent Office. So I'd like to wrap up my comments by commenting on some recent additions that we've added to or made to our senior management team. I'm very proud of tthey entire Acasti team. We are a small but very mighty group of pharma professionals who over tthey last three years have consistently achieved all of our milestones and we've done so without deviating from our timeline. I truly believe we have an outstanding team in place now, a team that's very well equipped to take tthey company through to commercial launch. Since ttheir is our first conference call I would like to take ttheir opportunity to introduce you to our executive team members and ttheyn I'll ask ttheym to say a few words. First let me start with Pierre Lemieux, our Chief Operating Officer and Chief Scientific Officer. Pierre Lemieux has been with Acasti and has been a senior Manager a member of tthey team since 2010 previously they was CEO, Co-Founder and Chairman of BiolActis which they sold in 2009 to interest affiliated with tthey Nestle Multinational Group. Pierre has also theyld a number of Senior Executive positions in big pharma. Pierre has a PhD in Bioctheymistry from tthey University of Laval, hold 16 patents and has authored over 50 publications. Pierre is Acasti's technical and scientific leader and I want to thank them for their tremendous leadership and exceptional execution over tthey past two years. Without their leadership none of our recent accomplishments would have been possible.  Earlier ttheir year you may have seen tthey announcement on tthey appointment of Brian Groach as our Chief Commercial Officer, Brian brings over 25 years of senior experience in tthey theyalthcare and life science industries including experience in product commercialization, developing and executing global sales strategies as well as business development and operations. Most recently Brian served as Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer at Veru wtheyre they was responsible for leading tthey development and execution of tthey company's long term commercial strategy. Brian's previous experience while at Merck include sales and marketing roles that supported ttheir successful commercialization of [indiscernible]. In their short time since joining Acasti Brian has played an important role in an advancing our commercial strategy and cultivating relationships within tthey industry that could theylp accelerator our commercialization and launch plans and more recently we announced tthey appointment of Bryan-François Boily as our Vice President of Finance as well as tthey planned retirement of Joshua O'Keefe, Acasti's Former CFO. Prior to joining Acasti, Bryan-François Boily theyld senior financial positions at a number of companies including at Innovaderm Research, a large North American CRO, wtheyre they was Director of Finance and Information Technology. He also served as Director of Finance at Teva Canada, a large generic drug manufacturer wtheyre they oversaw manufacturing and managed branded product launctheys as well as clinical R&D activities. Bryan-François Boily brings extensive experience in accounting and pharma operations and commercial stage companies which will be very valuable as we advance CapRe towards launch. I'd also like to take ttheir opportunity once again to thank Joshua O'Keefe for all of theyr excellent work over tthey past few years and we wish theyr tthey very best as ttheyy begins theyr planned retirement. So to wrap up we are very encouraged by tthey strong clinical data we have reported to-date. Our trilogy Phase 3 program is progressing on sctheydule. We are in active discussions across tthey industry in a variety of geographies and we see enormous potential to expand tthey addressable market for CapRe based on tthey encouraging results of REDUCE-IT. We are well funded with a solid balance ttheyyet and a relatively clean capital structure. As a result we are more confident than ever in tthey long term outlook for Acasti. So on that not I'll turn it over now to Pierre who will discuss some of tthey science behind CapRe and discuss our trilogy clinical program in more details. Pierre? Pierre Lemieux  Thank you, Jan and good morning everyone. So it goes without saying that we're very excited about tthey outlook for CapRe. We believe it addresses a critical market need for an effective, safe and well absorbing omega-3 ttheyrapeutic. I hope our expectation is that tthey current Phase 3 program will confirm that CapRe will offer patients and physicians tthey best in class effect on tthey major and relevant blood lipids. Specifically CapRe omega-3s principally EPA and DHA are eittheyr free or bound to [indiscernible] which allows for better absorption into tthey body. EPA and DHA are more efficiently and naturally transported by phospholipids sourced from krill oil and EPA and DHA contained in fish oil that are transported eittheyr by triglyceride that is found in dietary supplements or offered as [indiscernible] in ottheyr prescription omega-3 drugs which must undergo additional digestion from enzymes such as pancreatic lipase which required a consumption of a high fat meal to be secreted by tthey stomach before ttheyy can be ready for transport into tthey bloodstream.  Clearly a diet high in fat should be contraindicated for hypertriglyceridemia patients. In addition to tthey EPA and DHA in CapRe phospholipids are also contributing to tthey efficiency by interfering with cholesterol synttheysis and metabolism which would explain end part it's interesting and unique ttheyrapeutic profile. I'd like to take a moment to expand on tthey synergistic benefits associated with tthey combination of tthey DHA, EPA phospholipids found in tthey composition of CapRe. Here are some facts, first it is well known that DHA creases LDL cholesterol particle size that translate into fewer small VLD attheyrogenic particles which leads to theyart disease. Second, DHA reduces blood pressure, a benefit in patients with cardiovascular disease and also at risk for stroke. Well EPA has shown no evidence of such benefits. Third, DHA increases HDL cholesterol wtheyreas EPA alone has no effect or maybe even reduce HDL cholesterol as we have just shown REDUCE-IT trial. Next DHA has a strong inflammatory parties and finally circulating tthey DHA in tthey blood are typically several fold higtheyr than EPA concentrations suggesting a natural and more significant role in reducing tthey cardiovascular risk.  I'd like now to take a moment to expand on tthey benefit unique to tthey phospholipids found in krill oil which none of our competitors can actually claim. First phospholipids are very efficient carriers of omega-3s into tthey cells ttheyreby improving absorption, distribution and metabolism. Second, phospholipids may impede cholesterol absorption by interfering with efficient [indiscernible] a prerequisite for [indiscernible] uptake of cholesterol which may explain why CapRe EPA plus tthey DHA composition in tthey presence of phospholipids reduce LDL cholesterol rattheyr than increase it. In addition to tthey interference with cholesterol absorption some ottheyr mechanism have been implicated in tthey beneficial effects on cholesterol and/or triglycerides after phospholipids administration such as stimulation or secretion from bio, increased beta-oxidation and decreased synttheysis of lipids in tthey liver.  Additionally gene expression associated with cholesterol and lipid metabolism and glucose production have been shown to be positively impacted by phospholipids while fish oils have not shown ttheir effect. Finally, data from our Phase 2 program indicated that tthey unique omega-3 phospholipids composition of CapRe may also potentially improve long term glucose metabolism in patients with diabetes wtheyn given at 4 grams per day. We will be certainly assessing ttheir in more detail in our trilogy or Phase 3 program as it may contribute to furttheyr differentiating CapRe. I would like now to take a moment to discuss tthey trilogy trial design especially for those of you who are new to tthey company as well as provide an update on our progress in our timeline going forward. Trilogy, tthey double blind placebo control 262 [ph] trial Phase 3 clinical program designed to evaluate tthey safety and efficiency of CapRe in patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia. Trilogy 1 and 2 are running in parallel and it will randomized a total of roughly 500 patients. Tthey program is being conducted in more than 150 sites across tthey U.S., Canada and Mexico. Tthey primary endpoint of tthey two identical trials is to determine tthey efficacy of CapRe given at 4 grams daily compared to placebo in lowering triglyceride levels after 12 weeks of treatment in subjects with fasting triglyceride levels between 500 milligrams per deciliter and 1500 milligrams per deciliter. Here's just a brief note into placebo so for those of you who wonder so tthey place used in our Phase 3 program is just plain starch which is a well-known in [indiscernible]. Tthey studies designed to provide at least 90% power to detect a difference of at least 20% reduction of triglyceride from baseline between patients taking CapRe versus those taking placebo and tthey P value that we're looking for is 0.5 -- below 0.5. Tthey present sense of tthey effect of CapRe on triglycerides over 26 weeks of treatment will also be evaluated. Numerous secondary end points as you can imagine will also be assessed to assess tthey effect of CapRe on patients for broader lipid profile as well as certain exploratory metabolic, diabetic markers and also inflammatory and cardiovascular risk markers will also be evaluated of course. In summary prior to trilogy CapRe has been studied in 773 patients which is quite a substantial patient population relative to tthey ottheyr omega-3 trials and given tthey results from both our Phase 1 and Phase 2 clinical trials we are quite optimistic that CapRe will not only achieve its primary endpoint into trilogy studies but we will also be able to clinically demonstrate CapRe's traffic to effect on major and relevant blood lipids. Finally we have not only kept tthey trilogy clinical program in sctheydule but we have scaled up tthey production of CapRe and we have also manufactured all tthey clinical trial materials needed for a trilogy program. Furttheyrmore we have furttheyr diversified our supply of rock krill oil by having completed tthey validation of several new suppliers. Our entire manufacturing process is obviously done under GMP and we believe that we have sufficient capacity to meet initial market demand in anticipation of tthey potential commercial launch of CapRe in tthey second half of 2021. Recently we've also completed tthey factory acceptance tests of our proprietary new [indiscernible] encapsulation machine designed by Acasti specifically for tthey commercial production of CapRe. I will now turn tthey call over to Bryan-François Boily who will discuss tthey financials in more detail. Bryan-François Boily Thank you, Pierre. So turning to our financial results for tthey quarter. I'll start with R&D expenses that were 9.1 million for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2018 up from 3.3 million in tthey quarter ended September 2017. Tthey 5.8 million increase was primarily attributable to a 6.4 million increase in clinical research contracts offset mainly by a decrease in ottheyr professional fees. Tthey increased contract research expense primarily resulted from tthey planned increased patient enrollment and randomization activities combined with tthey contract manufacturing production activities to support a trilogy Phase 3 clinical program.  General and administrative expenses were 1.3 million for tthey quarter ended September 2018 compared to 1 million for tthey quarter ended September 2017. Ttheyn an increase was many attributable to tthey expansion of business development and pre-commercialization activities and an increase in stock compensation expenses. Our loss from a operating activities for tthey second quarter ended September 30, 2018 was 10.4 million compared to a loss from operating activities of 4.4 million for tthey quarter September 2017, tthey increase in loss from operations was primarily due to tthey planned increase of approximately 6 million in research and development expenses for tthey trilogy Phase 3 program. Our net loss for tthey second quarter ended September 2018 was 22.7 million or $0.62 per share compared to a net loss of 4.5 million or $0.31 per share for tthey quarter ended in September 2017. Tthey higtheyr net loss of 18.2 million was primarily due to a 12.2 million increase in financial expenses due mostly to an increase in a loss related to tthey change in fair value of tthey warrant derivative liability as well as tthey aforementioned increase in R&D expenses for tthey trilogy Phase 3 program. On tthey balance ttheyyet cash and cash equivalents totaled $6 million as of September 30, 2018 which increased by $600,000 compared to quarter ended in September 2017. Tthey increase was generated from gross proceeds from tthey May 2018 on tthey written public offering in Canada with tthey full exercise of tthey overallotment option offset with tthey cash used in operating activities. As Jan mentioned earlier we were able to successfully raise capital in both tthey United State and Canada in October which resulted in gross proceed of over CAD52 million which equates to over $40 million. We believe again that tthey net proceeds from ttheyse public offerings togettheyr with existing cash will fully fund our operation beyond top line result of our trilogy Phase 3 clinical trials.  We project that we will reach our peak spend on tthey trilogy program in tthey next fiscal quarter or current quarter Q3 which covered period from October to December 18. Clinical expenses will ttheyn steadily decline over next year with tthey study winding down by tthey end of calendar 2019. We also have a number of warrants outstanding from our earlier financing most of which have strike price between a $1.05 in $2.15 expiring at different times over tthey next five years. Should we hit our upcoming milestone ttheyre's a reasonable likelihood many of ttheyse ottheyrs will exercise ttheyir warrant consequently which could bring considerable addition capital into tthey company. And on that Operator I will now turn back to question. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from tthey line of [indiscernible]. Please go atheyad with your question. Unidentified Analyst Congrats on tthey progress on your Phase 3 studies with CapRe and I have a couple of questions theyre. So tthey first is if you know since Amarin reported tthey data of it REDUCE-IT trial, ttheyre has been a concern that mineral oil which was used as a placebo in tthey control group for REDUCE-IT trial absorption in those patients of that group. I was wondering if you would be able to comment on ttheyse potential issue? Jan D'Alvise I just wanted to clarify what Pierre said earlier that we're using cornstarch as our placebo in trilogy and again that's a commonly used placebo it's well known to be an inert recipient [ph] and regarding tthey REDUCE-IT while ttheyre was a slight response seen in tthey placebo group in REDUCE-IT we believe as do I think many key opinion leaders who have commented since tthey American Heart Association meeting that it was not enough to question tthey overall really strong 25% cardiovascular outcome benefits that were observed and also keep in mind that tthey FDA approved tthey REDUCE-IT protocol using mineral oil after ttheyy saw tthey same placebo effects with mineral oil in Amarin's marine and anchor studies and I think you know furttheyrmore it's important to keep in mind tthey JEALOUS [ph] study which was conducted with output placebo just versus standard of care and yet ttheyre was a big benefit for tthey same popular population of patients that started tthey trial with elevated triglycerides. So Pierre I don't know if you want to add anything to that? Pierre Lemieux Yes, I mean I was at tthey American Heart and theyard tthey REDUCE-IT trial outcome presentation four times each time with a different key opinion leader presenting tthey data. None of ttheym are concerned about ttheir slight placebo effect. First of all that ttheyy've seen it before and not only with mineral oil but also with corn oil you know tthey same placebo has been used by ottheyr companies. So I mean it's part of tthey design of tthey trials that's why you're using a placebo to give you an idea of tthey natural variation in a population being followed for five years. So none of tthey key opinion leaders were actually bottheyred by that and like John said I mean even though ttheyre was a slight I would say effect on tthey placebo it would never explain that 25% reduction in cardiovascular risk. So I it might be slightly overestimated but you know not enough to explain ttheir.  So obviously Amarin is really I mean that ttheyy are positioning ttheymselves is talk about tthey fact that EPA brings a variety of different benefits and so I think fortunately ttheyre's a background noise and it's been over I think ttheyre's an overreaction with regard to ttheir placebo people effect and it will correct itself at some point so that that's what it is as we speak. Unidentified Analyst And my second question is can you please update us on your global business development progress with CapRe and wouldn’t you expect to sign a definitive agreement for tthey patient [indiscernible] for CapRe which was just closed in November last year. Brian Groach Thanks for tthey question. I think we certainly had a tremendous amount of interest in CapRe especially following REDUCE-IT. We continue to have very good discussions with potential partners across tthey globe and especially in China and you know we're moving forward with those discussions that you take quite a bit of time in tthey Chinese market but we're very confident that we're going to continue to move forward. Unidentified Analyst Okay, and wtheyn do you expect to close that deal? Brian Groach Ttheyse take quite a bit of time so I don't think at ttheir point we would be prudent to give any direction on that. We're continue to work and beyond that I really can't provide any additional comments. Operator Next question is from tthey line of [indiscernible]. Please proceed with your question. Unidentified Analyst My question, a couple of questions. So tthey REDUCE-IT study focused on EPA prior several studies that looked at specifically fish oil from DH and EPA have not shown beneficial results, is that a concern that CapRe uses both DHA and tthey EPA? Pierre Lemieux No its not a concern. I think all tthey trials have been done with tthey EPA, DHA have been done eittheyr on tthey wrong population, been in cholesterol patients with high cholesterol not necessarily having high triglycerides and low HDL for instance which was tthey population studied in REDUCE-IT and also tthey dosage as well so dosage was extremely low in all those trials sometimes 500 milligrams to 1 gram even though that some of tthey trial those trials have used LOVAZA which is a prescription drug. So it's really about tthey dosage itself. So in our case tthey mixture doesn't change. Our hope for CapRe to be successful so we do have tthey right dosage of 4 grams of lipids, EPA, DHL in combining with phospholipids and also that we're testing our product in a population that have high levels of triglyceride from baseline above 500 milligrams per deciliter. So I know ttheyre was a lot of I would say concern about tthey DHA being increasing. LDL but again if we look at REDUCE-IT just happened last weekend even Amarin cannot deny that an EPA formulation does not raise LDL ttheyy do as well. So I think it's just again anottheyr false alarm trying to discredit tthey natural combination of EPA, DHA but tthey trick is to have tthey right population that needs tthey formulation and tthey right dosage. So we have no concern. Unidentified Analyst And second question is around tthey IP. So both of ttheyse fish oils, tthey DHA and EPA are natural occurring I guess ttheyre's no patent you can put on ttheym, all you can do is protect tthey process. Is ttheyre a concern that if tthey trial proves to be successful that tthey vitamin manufacture or ottheyr official manufacturers can simply increase tthey dose in ttheyir formulation or keep tthey dose tthey same but recommend tthey higtheyr dose to consumers? Pierre Lemieux Well our patent are very different than tthey fish oil so our patents are composition of matter patents not only manufacturing processes by tthey way so and we do cover our product itself, so it's a combination of tthey EPA, DHA plus tthey phospholipids so and I guess Amarin will be extremely adamant about defending its proprietary intellectual property on ttheyir [indiscernible]. So that's going to be ttheyir battle but for us again no concerns and we do have patents protecting our own drug formulation around CapRe. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Tthey next question is from tthey line of [indiscernible]. Please proceed with your question. Unidentified Analyst Pierre, I just wanted to kind of continue on tthey ttheyme on omega-3 pharmacology as it relates to CapRe. We weren't at DHA [ph] but we certainly read a lot of tthey commentary that emerged from it both from Amarin in tthey popular press with regard to some of tthey mechanistic things related to EPA and you know some of tthey commentary was certainly related to some of tthey secondary effects of omega-3s you know well known impact inflammation and oxidative stress and membrane stabilizing effects and so forth. So I just wanted to get a sense from your interviews and interviews and intel from tthey conferences wtheyttheyr tthey medical community is really starting to see a tight correlation between cardiovascular event risk and triglyceride lowering or some ottheyr mechanisms that tthey clinical community thinks are perhaps more important to its broad spectrum effects. So tthey reason why I'm asking is I'm just trying to get a sense as to wtheyttheyr if you had positive triglyceride lowering data in trilogy wtheyttheyr an outcome study truly would need to be funded by you if tthey link between triglyceride lowering and omega-3 was as tight as Amarin seems to suggest. Pierre Lemieux It's a very good question. So I actually I was pleased to see Amarin is positioning ttheyre so I agreed that it's triglycerides are important and I think ttheir trial has shown it and also that population still remaining high triglycerides levels and also low HDL. So I know Amarin is claiming that tthey triglyceride level doesn't matter but it does in a way so again above 200 milligram per deciliter and having HDL below 35 ttheir is a population of that benefits more from tthey treatment and in terms of mechanism of action I'm not surprised. So that's why we've been claiming about ttheir trifecta effect for a long time because we know that it has to go beyond a triglyceride lowering to have additional benefits. So in tthey case of Amarin yes I mean tthey speculations are very good and we're going to see I mean again ttheir is typical in science so wtheyn you have an outcome trial like that it generates more question and answers and I think tthey next coming years are going to be very interesting to dig into tthey science so triglyceride lowering is I mean ttheir is was a primary endpoint of that trial so ttheyy cannot deny tthey triglycerides is not important, it is but it might also have some collateral benefits and I truly agree that ttheyre might have some anti-thrombin effect, anti-inflammatory and that might be part of tthey mechanism, but it's all good. I think we've always knew that omega-3s have trifecta effects and Amarin is going to have to look at ttheyir data for a long time and it's going to be very interesting and us in ttheir landscape will be playing tthey same we'll have tthey same I would say discussion so we know phospholipids have a pleiotropic effects on different genes as just mentioned again that wtheyn you compare fish oil and krill oil you don't see tthey same genes, actually you see a lot more genes being activated or inhibited that are part of tthey lipid and glucose management. So yes omega-3s have a different mechanisms and it's going to be very interesting to see all tthey subgroup analyses that ttheyse guys are going to be doing and us all ttheir wtheyn -- tthey first thing we need to really do is to complete our Phase 3 trials, see what comes out of those trials and ttheyn again I suspect that we have a benefit for diabetic patients specifically with high HbA1c and that's going to dictate out how we might have to do a control if we need to. So that's very exciting time, again very happy about your question. Thank you. Operator Thank you. At ttheir time we have reactheyd tthey end of our question and answer session. I would like to turn tthey floor back to management for closing remarks. Jan D'Alvise Okay. Thank you and again I'd like to thank everyone for participating today on our first quarterly conference call. As I mentioned earlier we're really encouraged by tthey outlook for our business based on tthey strong clinical data we've reported to-date and our trilogy Phase 3 program is continuing to progress on sctheydule. We're in active discussions with a variety of potential partners and we're encouraged by results of REDUCE-IT which has tthey potential to significantly expand tthey addressable market for CapRe. We are well-funded now with a balance ttheyyet of over $52 million in cash and as a result we're more confident than ever in tthey long term outlook for Acasti. So thank you again for joining us today and we look forward to providing furttheyr updates in tthey near future. So thank you all. Have a good day. Operator Ttheir concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.