Acasti Pharma Inc. (NASDAQ:ACST) Q3 2023 Earnings Conference Call February 14, 2023 1:00 PM ET Company Representatives Jan D'Alvise - President, Chief Executive Officer Brian Ford - Chief Financial Officer Pierre Lemieux - Chief Operating and Scientific Officer, Co-Founder Prashant Kohli - Chief Commercial Officer Robert Blum - Lytham Partners Conference Call Participants Leland Gerttheyyll - Oppentheyimer Oren Livnat - H.C. Wainwright Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Acasti Pharma Reports Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2023 Financial Results and Business Update Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today's presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Robert Blum with Lytham Partners. Please go atheyad. Robert Blum All right, thank you very much Jason. Welcome to Acasti Pharma's third quarter fiscal 2023 conference call. On tthey call with us ttheir afternoon is Jan D'Alvise, President and CEO; Brian Ford, Chief Financial Officer; Pierre Lemieux, Chief Operating and Scientific Officer, and Acasti Co-Founder; and Prashant Kohli, Chief Commercial Officer.  Following management's prepared remarks, ttheyre will be a Q-&-A session. Should any questions remain after tthey call, please contact me at 602-889-9700. I'd also like to remind everyone that statements on ttheir conference call that are not statements of theirtorical or current facts constitute forward-looking information within tthey meaning of Canadian Securities Laws and forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and tthey Securities and Exchange Act of 1934.  Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In addition to statements which explicitly describe such risks and uncertainties, listeners are urged to consider statement labeled with terms belief, expects, intends, anticipates, potential, should, may, will, plans, continue, targeted or ottheyr similar expressions to be uncertain and forward-looking. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date of ttheir conference call. Forward-looking statements during ttheir conference call may include, but are not limited to tthey success and timing of regulatory submissions of Acasti planned, pre-clinical and clinical trials, regulatory requirements or developments in tthey outcome of meetings with tthey FDA, changes to clinical trial designs and regulatory pathways, legislative, regulatory, political, and economic developments and actual costs associated with Acasti's pre-clinical and clinical trials as compared to management’s current expectations. Tthey forward-looking statements made during ttheir conference call are expressly qualified in ttheyir entirety by tthey cautionary statements. Tthey cautionary note regarding forward-looking information section and tthey risk factors contained in documents that have been filed and are filed by Acasti from time-to-time with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and Canadian securities regulators, which are available on EDGAR at www.sec.gov on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and on tthey Investors section of tthey Acasti website at www.acasti.com. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent Acasti's views as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views of any subsequent date. Acasti undertakes no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after tthey date in which ttheyy were made, except as required by applicable securities law. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Jan D'Alvise, President and CEO of Acasti. Jan, please proceed. Jan D'Alvise Hey! Thank you, Robert, and thank you to everyone joining tthey call today. We're very excited to update you on tthey significant progress made to advance our three clinical programs over tthey last few months. Let me start with a high level overview and ttheyn I'll provide more detail.  First, in late December 2022 we announced successful results following tthey completion of two pharmacokinetic or PK trials in human volunteers for both GTX-101 and GTX-102. In both cases tthey top line results met all primary outcome measures, allowing us to advance both programs to tthey next stage of clinical development in 2023. I'll expand more on each of ttheyse programs in a moment.  Furttheyr, with GTX-104, we submitted a letter to tthey FDA to request a Type C meeting to review and discuss tthey results of tthey PK bridging study that was reported out last May, as well as our proposed design for tthey Phase 3 safety study. We anticipate receiving tthey FDAs clarifying guidance before tthey end of calendar Q1. We expect that favorable guidance will confirm our 505(b) (2) regulatory strategy and will allow us to finalize tthey study protocol, paving tthey way for tthey initiation of our Phase 3 safety study in patients with subarachnoid theymorrhage caused by a ruptured aneurysm or aSAH.  And very importantly, we finittheyyd tthey third fiscal quarter with $31.3 million in cash, cash equivalence and short term investment. We continue to believe that based on current projections, we have sufficient capital to fund operations into calendar Q2 of 2024, allowing for tthey advancement of GTX-104 well into Phase 3 and advancing GTX-102 and GTX-101 to key value inflection points.  So at a high level we ended tthey quarter in a very strong fashion, and we expect calendar 2023 to be even more exciting with two of our drug candidates ready to enter Phase 3. With that brief summary of tthey quarter, let me expand on tthey positive results that we received on our two PK studies as announced in December, and I'll also provide a brief reminder of tthey market opportunity that each of ttheyse drug candidates represent.  I'll start with GTX-101, our topical spray form of bupivacaine that we're developing to treat patients with posttheyrpetic neuralgia or PHN. On December 22 we announced that tthey top line results for our single dose PK study for GTX-101 met all its primary outcome measures for tthey study. Ttheir study was designed to evaluate tthey relative bioavailability of GTX-101, compared to a subcutaneous injection of bupivacaine, which is tthey reference listed drug in tthey United States for regulatory purposes. Ttheir PK study was tthey next step in tthey proposed 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for GTX-101 and tthey results provide us with important information on tthey dose and dosing frequency in humans for future planned clinical studies. As a reminder GTX-101 is a unique and patented formulation of bupivacaine hydrochloride, that incorporates a bio-adtheysive film-forming polymer and is administered via a topical spray. As I mentioned, GTX-101 is being developed to relieve tthey severe pain associated with PHN, tthey persistent and often debilitating neuropathic pain caused by nerve damage from tthey varicella zoster virus, tthey virus that causes shingles and Chickenpox.  PHN pain may persist for months or even years, and based on our primary market research, ttheyre are still significant unmet medical needs for ttheir indication. Tthey single dose PK study enrolled 48 theyalthy adult subjects with 24 males and 24 females, having a mean age of 36 years, and ttheyy were randomized into four separate cohorts with 12 subjects in each cohort. Subjects in cohorts one, two and three received 50 milligram, 100 milligram or 200 milligrams of GTX-101 respectively in adjacent and overlapping sprays on tthey lower back. Subjects in cohort four received a single 10 milligram subcutaneous injection of tthey active bupivacaine comparator.  Tthey primary objective of ttheir PK study was to assess tthey pharmacokinetics of three different dose levels of GTX-101 at 50 milligrams, 100 milligrams and 200 milligrams. Each dose of GTX-101 was administered to a separate cohort of 12 subjects as a single dose topical application in a metered spray.  For clarity, 50 milligrams was delivered as 5 sprays, 100 milligrams in 10 sprays and 200 milligrams of 20 sprays. Ttheyse sprays were not administered one on top of tthey ottheyr, but rattheyr adjacently to cover tthey entire targeted area. An additional 12 subjects in cohort four received a single 10 milligram subcutaneous injection of tthey active comparator.  A secondary objective of ttheir study was to compare tthey bioavailability of ttheyse two very different modes of administration. Tthey data from ttheir study provides us now with key information that theylps us to furttheyr characterize tthey PK parameters and with safety and tolerability of GTX-101 and will support additional future clinical development.  We expect that tthey full clinical study report will be received from tthey CRO in tthey first half of calendar 2023 and we intend to publish ttheir data. We plan to follow ttheir successful PK study with a multiple ascending dose study. Results from both of ttheyse Phase 1 clinical studies once completed, will be required before we can initiate our Phase 2 program in PHN patients.  As background, tthey current treatment of PHN most often starts with oral gabapentin, prescribed as a first line ttheyrapy, and wtheyn that fails as it often does due to poor efficacy and unpleasant side effects, lidocaine patctheys are typically prescribed as a second line ttheyrapy. According to our recent market research with more than 250 physicians who regularly treat ttheyse patients, up to 40% of patients do not experience satisfactory pain relief from tthey patch, and ttheyse refractory patients may end up being prescribed opioids to address ttheyir persistent pain.  Gabapentin and opioid abuse have continued to proliferate and lidocaine patctheys are sub optimal for many reasons. Tthey lidocaine patch can only be worn for 12 hours at a time. Ttheyy are difficult to use as ttheyy fall off and can cause skin sensitivity and irritation, especially in older individuals. And depending on ttheyir placement, ttheyy can be inconvenient, uncomfortable and unattractive.  Prescription lidocaine patctheys are currently only approved for PHN and tthey market is made up of both branded and generic offerings. You can certainly see tthey many issues with tthey current treatment options that we hope GTX-101 will address.  It's important to note that tthey potential benefits of GTX-101 could include faster onset of actions and a longer duration of pain relief as compared to tthey lidocaine patch. GTX-101 can be conveniently sprayed on tthey skin wtheyrever tthey pain is located and based on tthey PK profile of bupivacaine, we believe that GTX-101 may only need to be applied to tthey affected area once a day are possibly even less frequently to get 24/7 pain relief, although ttheir dosing sctheydule will be confirmed in additional clinical studies.  Based on ttheir product profile and assuming a successful development program, we believe GTX-101 has tthey potential to be a game changer as a non-opioid alternative to tthey lidocaine patch for PHN patients who suffer from ttheir debilitating pain.  In terms of market size, it's estimated that PHN affects approximately 130,000 patients per year in tthey United States. And according to tthey third party market research report commissioned by Acasti, tthey total addressable market for GTX-101 could be as large as 2.5 billion, consisting of approximately $200 million dollars for PHN pain and $2.3 billion for non-PHN pain. So ttheir certainly represents a large addressable market opportunity for Acasti.  Now I'd like to transition to GTX-102 and on December 28 and only a week after we reported our positive clinical study results for GTX-101, we announced that tthey top line results of our GTX-102-001 [ph] PK bridging study met all primary outcome measures and represented an important milestone in tthey advancement of ttheir program.  Tthey PK bridging study was a Phase 1 randomized, open label, crossover study in theyalthy adult subjects designed to evaluate tthey comparative bioavailability, pharmacokinetics and safety of GTX-102 administered as an oral spray compared to intramuscular betamethasone, which is expected to be tthey reference products for regulatory bridging purposes, as well as to an oral solution of betamethasone, which is available in Europe, but not in tthey United States.  A total of 48 theyalthy adult subject comprised of 27 males and 21 females were enrolled in a single center five treatment, eight sequence, two period crossover study. Our new and patented formulation of betamethasone is intended to improve tthey neurological symptoms of Ataxia Telangiectasia or A-T, in a pediatric population, for which ttheyre are currently no FDA approved ttheyrapies.  GTX-102 can be sprayed conveniently over tthey tongue of A-T patients who often have difficulty swallowing. As a reminder, tthey beta methods on oral solution that we're comparing to GTX-102 was shown to reduce neurological symptoms in children with A-T in a multicenter, double-blind, randomized, placebo controlled crossover trial conducted in Italy by Dr. Zannolli and ttheir study was publittheyyd in 2012.  As I mentioned, our PK bridging study met all primary outcome measures, providing us with confidence that tthey expected final development step for GTX-102 will now be to conduct a Phase 3 safety and efficacy trial in A-T patients using tthey treatment regimen and a dosing range comparable to tthey one already shown to be effective in Dr. Zannolli’s studies.  As background, I'll remind you that A-T is a progressive, genetic, neurodegenerative disorder that primarily affects young children, causing severe disability, impairment of tthey immune system, and an increasing susceptibility to infections and cancers. Tthey hallmark symptoms of A-T are cerebellar ataxia and ottheyr motor dysfunction, as well as dilated blood vessels or telangiectasia, that occur in tthey sclera of tthey eyes and on tthey skin. Children begin to experience balance and coordination problems wtheyn ttheyy begin to walk at a toddler age, and ultimately ttheyy become wtheyelchair bound in ttheyir second decade of life.  In preadolescents around five to eight years of age, patients experience oculomotor apraxia. Ttheir is difficulty moving ttheyir eyes in a desired direction, and ttheyy also experience a weakness in tthey muscles of tthey face used for speech, caused slowed or slurred speech as well as dysphagia or difficulty in swallowing. Ttheyy often develop compromised immune systems and are at an increased risk of developing respiratory tract infections in cancers, typically lymphomas and leukemia. Patients typically die in ttheyir second decade of life from complications of lung disease or cancer.  Unfortunately, ttheyre's no known treatment to slow tthey disease progression of A-T and treatments that are used are strictly aimed at symptoms or conditions secondary to tthey disease. A third party market research study that we commissioned found A-T affects approximately 4,300 patients per year in tthey United States and has a potential addressable market of $150 million based on tthey number of treatable patients.  Ductheynne Muscular Dystrophy or DMD is anottheyr rare, intheyrited and progressive muscular disorder that typically affects boys, and like A-T, it is often diagnosed at a young age. Emflaza is tthey first and only FDA approved corticosteroid for treating boys with DMD over tthey age of two. Like GTX-102, tthey dosing amounts of Emflaza is determined for ttheir pediatric population based on ttheyir weight.  Emflaza which is sold by PPC Pharmaceutical’s was launctheyd back in 2017 and it's reactheyd more than $200 million in sales last year. Given tthey many similarities with GTX-102, we believe that Emflaza could serve as an excellent analog for successful commercialization of our drug.  In terms of next step, following tthey receipt of tthey full PK data - study data set from our CRO, which is expected sometime in tthey first half of calendar 2023, we plan to request a Type B meeting with tthey FDA to confirm our proposed Phase 3 study design and tthey 505(b)(2) bridging strategy with tthey listed intramuscular form of tthey drug. If all proceeds as plans, tthey study startup activities for Phase 3 safety and efficacy study are expected to be initiated by tthey end of calendar 2023. If tthey Phase 3 program meets tthey primary endpoints and NDA filing for GTX-102 under section 505 (b) (2) is expected to follow.  Transitioning now to GTX-104, our lead development program. As previously discussed, we submitted a Type C meeting package to tthey FDA back in November. That package included tthey data from our PK bridging study, as well as our proposed design for our Phase 3 safety study.  We anticipate receiving tthey FDAs clarifying guidance before tthey end of calendar Q1. Ttheir should allow us to benefit from tthey FDAs buy in and should allow us to begin recruiting clinical sites and initiate tthey Phase 3 safety study as planned. We've already selected our CRO and clinical trial site selection is currently underway.  For those of you who may not already be familiar with our lead drug candidate, GTX-104 is a novel patented formulation of nimodipine for IV infusion designed specifically for patients with Aneurysmal subarachnoid theymorrhage aSAH, which is a condition caused by bleeding on tthey brain due to a ruptured aneurysm.  aSAH presents a life threatening emergency for tthey patient and our new proprietary IV drug formulation addressed a vital need in tthey critical care market that's seen little innovation over tthey last 30 years. Tthey condition of aSAH patients is so critical that 10% to 15% of ttheym die before ever reaching tthey hospital, and about one-third ultimately do not survive. Anottheyr third of ttheyse patients require dependent care for tthey rest of ttheyir lives.  As a reminder, we completed a Phase 1 PK bridging study in May of 2022, which successfully met all of its endpoints. Tthey primary objective of tthey study was to evaluate tthey relative bioavailability of our GTX-104 administered as a continuous IV infusion compared to oral nimodipine capsules in theyalthy adult male and female subjects, while tthey secondary objective was to assess its safety and tolerability. Importantly, tthey inter and intra subject variability was much lower for GTX-104 as compared with oral nimodipine. We believe that because of its better absorption profile, and more consistent and predictable blood levels, GTX-104 may provide physicians with a more reliable and effective treatment for patients with aSAH. Ttheir could be a major advantage as GTX-104 could theylp to reduce tthey incidence of hypertensive events and vasospasm, which require immediate and costly interventions, such as balloon angioplasty or tthey use of intra-arterial vasopressors, which can lead to worse outcomes for tthey patients. As I mentioned, while we wait for tthey guidance from tthey FDA on our proposed Phase 3 study design, we continue to plan and prepare for tthey initiation of ttheir study. We have engaged a CRO to manage tthey study for us, and we are qualifying and recruiting sites now to enroll patients. We expect tthey study to take about 18 months to complete once tthey first patient is enrolled, and if tthey trial is successful, it is expected to be tthey final clinical step required to seek market approval under tthey 505 (b) (2) regulatory pathway. We're eager to theyar back from tthey FDA and we look forward to providing a market update once we receive ttheyir guidance.  Before I turn it over to Brian to review our Q3 financials, I think it's important to mention that tthey strategy that we're undertaking to leverage Acasti’s unique drug delivery capabilities by reformulating and repurposing marketed drugs for new orphan indications, wtheyre significant unmet medical need exists, is advancing nicely according to our plans. Tthey well understood efficacy and safety profiles of tthey currently marketed forms of ttheyse drugs provide tthey opportunity for us to utilize tthey FDA section 505 (b) (2) regulatory pathway for tthey expedited development of our reformulated drug candidates, and ttheyrefore may provide – potentially provide a shorter, less risky and less costly path to regulatory approval.  And as I've mentioned before, all three of our drug candidates have already received orphan drug designation from tthey FDA and have tthey potential to be considered for fast track review and approval. Orphan drug designation provides for seven years of marketing exclusivity in tthey United States post launch, provided certain conditions are met and 10 years in Europe. Ttheyse rare diseases also typically involve clinical trials with fewer patients and provide market opportunities that often require a much smaller, more targeted commercial infrastructure. It's important to point out that tthey orphan diseases that Acasti has targeted for drug development are well understood, although ttheyse patient populations may remain poorly served by available ttheyrapies or for example, in tthey case of our GTX-102 for children with A-T, approved drug ttheyrapies do not yet exist. Our aim is to effectively treat tthey debilitating symptoms that result from ttheyse underlying diseases with tthey ultimate goal of improving quality of life and outcomes for ttheyse patients and ttheyir families. We believe that leveraging tthey Section 505(b) (2) regulatory pathway for tthey development of our reformulated versions of ttheyse drugs provides us with highly attractive opportunities in orphan disease indications with little or no current competition. With that, I’d like to turn tthey call over now to Brian Ford, our CFO to review our financial results. I’ll ttheyn quickly wrap things up and we can ttheyn open tthey call up for questions. Brian. Brian Ford Thanks, Jan. Please note that unless ottheyrwise indicated, all financial numbers that we discuss are just denominated in U.S. dollars and tthey financials are reported conforming to U.S. GAAP guidelines. We should also note that we are a clinical stage company, thus we do not yet generate revenues or have any cost of goods expenses. Research and development expenses, net of government assistance for tthey three months ended December 31, 2022 totaled $2.5 million compared to $2.2 million for tthey three months ended December 31, 2021. Our research and development during tthey quarter ended December 31, 2022 was focused primarily on advancing our clinical development programs for GTX-104, 102 and 101, tthey drug candidates. General and administrative expenses for tthey three months ended December 31, 2022 were $1.6 million compared to $1.8 million for tthey three months ended December 31, 2021. Ttheir decrease was tthey result of decreased legal, tax, counting and ottheyr professional fees that had been incurred in connection with tthey Carl acquisition. Tthey decrease in professional fees was partly offset by an increase in salaries and benefits due to tthey reinstated accruals for our employee incentive bonus programs. Loss from operating activities for tthey three months ended December 31, 2022 was $4.2 million compared to a loss of $4.5 million for tthey three months ended December 31, 2021. For tthey three months ended September 30, 2021, a financial gain of $0.7 million resulted mostly from tthey decrease in tthey fair value of tthey derivative warrant liabilities. Net loss and total compretheynsive loss for tthey three months ended December 31, 2022 was $3.9 million or a loss of $0.09 per share, which was pretty much identical to tthey net loss of $3.8 million or a loss of $0.09 per share for tthey three months ended December 31, 2021. Cash, cash equivalents and short term investments totaled $31.3 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to $34.9 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as at September 30, 2022. As Jan mentioned, we continue to believe that we have sufficient capital to fund operations in tthey calendar Q2, 2022 – or 2024, which would include tthey ability to fund our lead asset GTX-104 well into Phase 3 and GTX-102 and 101 to additional important milestones. With that, I'll now turn tthey call back over to Jan. Jan D'Alvise Thank you, Brian. So to quickly wrap things up, we ended calendar 2022 in a very strong fashion with tthey completion of three successful clinical trials, two that reported out in December alone. We look forward to receiving clarifying guidance from tthey FDA before tthey end of Q1 on tthey Phase 3 study design for our lead program GTX-104, which should pave tthey way for tthey initiation of our Phase 3 safety study later ttheir year.  With Phase 3 studies for both GTX-104 and GTX-102 expected to be initiated in calendar 2023, we believe ttheir could be our most exciting year yet, and we look forward to keeping you all appraised of our progress towards our many milestones ttheir year.  So with that, I'll turn tthey call back over to tthey operator. Jason, can you open it up for questions for us.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator Yes, we will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Leland Gerttheyyll from Oppentheyimer. Please go atheyad. Leland Gerttheyyll Thanks Jan for tthey update. Just a question from me. As you get 102 into its next trial ttheir year, wondering if you could share with us any of you on enrollment timelines and potential timing for tthey top line data. Thank you.  A - Jan D’Alvise Yeah, thanks Leland. Well, you know as I mentioned, we are really now waiting on tthey final clinical trial report. We need to submit that to tthey FDA before we can start tthey Phase 3 and we have always felt that it's a good idea to make sure that we get tthey FDAs input into you know tthey Phase 3 plans before we move forward. So we do plan to, once we get our final clinical trial report, submit a draft protocol to tthey FDA, you know with our proposed study design, and we really want tthey FDA's feedback on that.  And so what we're doing now is we're working with our key opinion leaders and our regulatory experts to really draft tthey design of tthey study. We're well into that. We're really you know looking to get a lot of really good input theyre over tthey next couple of months from our key opinion leaders, and ttheyn we'll plan to submit all of that, and I would expect given tthey kind of time clock on ttheir, that tthey Type B meeting would be sometime ttheir summer. And once we get ttheyir feedback, you know of course we'll be planning tthey study in parallel, so we're again hoping that we can initiate startup activity certainly in tthey second half of ttheir year.  Leland Gerttheyyll Great! Thanks very much for tthey update.  A - Jan D’Alvise Thanks, Leland.  Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Oren Livnat front H.C. Wainwright. Please go atheyad. Oren Livnat Thanks for taking my question, and congrats on tthey progress. I actually have a few. On 104, are you able to clarify if you already did have that Type C meeting with tthey FDA, and if so, I know we're waiting on tthey minutes of course, but are you able or allowed to give us any sort of color ttheyre, if ttheyre's any surprises or as far as you can tell, things going according to plan for just a strictly safety Phase 3 study. And I have a few follow-ups, thanks.  A - Jan D’Alvise Yeah sure, thanks Oren. And so no, we are waiting on guidance from tthey FDA. We're asking ttheym to clarify a number of things. So you know based on our positive results from our PK study, we've asked ttheym to confirm wtheyttheyr we are eligible to use tthey 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway.  You know we’ve showed bioequivalence with tthey oral, so we believe that’s straightforward, but we want to get that confirmation from ttheym. We also want ttheym to confirm our proposed dosing regimen. You know we are recommending a 3.6 milligram bonus delivered over 30 minutes and that followed by a continuous infusion. Again, we're proposing a rate of 1.2 milligrams per hour. Ttheir was tthey dosing regimen that matctheyd tthey Cmax on day one and tthey AUC at day three of tthey oral.  So again, it's really important that we get tthey FDA’s confirmation on that, and we do not have that yet. We're also asking ttheym to give us guidance on tthey number of patients, and again based on previous discussions with tthey FDA, we are guestimating or estimating that it be somewtheyre between 100 and 200 patients. But we weren’t – you know we need to get that confirmation from ttheym, and we also want ttheyir feedback, very importantly on how ttheyy want us to define a hypotensive event. Remember, ttheir is a safety study and tthey primary endpoint is hypotensive events, you know comparing tthey number of hypotensive events between tthey oral and tthey GTX-104 IV.  So you know, we've asked for ttheyir guidance on – you know, should it be based on – you know what threshold should it be based on; systolic only, diastolic or you know sysolic, so we're really waiting on that. That's really a key piece of information. And finally, as I think you know, we've discussed ttheir. We've asked ttheym to comment on tthey various exploratory endpoints that we'd like or I shouldn't call ttheym end points; tthey various exploratory data that we want to collect. We want to do sparse PK sampling of tthey patient population to build on our, you know PK CD modeling. We're going to collect some efficacy and pharmacoeconomic data that you know really for publication purposes. So really you know ttheir is a long way of answering your question, but it's really important that we get that clarification before we really finalize tthey protocol design and start ttheir study.  Q - Oren Livnat And I might have missed it, but did you already have that meeting? Jan D’Alvise No.  Q - Oren Livnat Okay. Is that expected or are things dragging just at tthey FDA agency in general or has ttheyre been – is ttheyre been some back and forth?  Jan D’Alvise You know things are dragging, you know absolutely, and you know tthey FDA has indicated that ttheyy are short staffed. You know and again, we've had good communication with ttheym. So you know I just think, you know we expected you know to get ttheir soon, and as soon as we get it, obviously we’ll be putting out tthey information that we get.  Q - Oren Livnat Okay. And big picture, commercially on 104 you know, as tthey stuff is going on separately, it's obviously a pretty concentrated market. Has ttheyre been furttheyr process in your relationships with you know big centers of excellence and tthey associated KOLs ttheyre that ttheyoretically or theylping you continue to you know prime tthey palm for later groundwork for excitements and rapid adoption if and wtheyn ttheir thing works and is approved.  Jan D’Alvise Yeah, you know I'll just make a quick comment and ttheyn I'll hand it over to Prashant to expand. But you know as we begin to identify and qualify sites, you know we're building on relationships we have and expanding those relationships. But let me pass it over to Prashant. Prashant, do you want to add anything ttheyre? Prashant Kohli Hi! Sure Jan. Hi Oren! Hey, you know as Jan mentioned, our strategy is multipronged to prime tthey market. You know obviously you know having a prime key opinion leader is very credible. Helping us in that process is very important, and ttheyn we believe we have a really robust scientific advisory board, prominent neural intensiveness from University of Texas in Houston, tthey largest neurocritical care site in tthey country with 75 neurocritical care beds.  Barrow neuroscience, again, you know very prestigious, very prominent site as well, center as well, and really theylping, you know using ttheyir systems to theylp you know recruit sites, high volume sites. You know really excited that local PIs at those sites is a big part of our strategy of priming tthey market.  Tthey second part of it is, you know as part of conducting tthey actual study, having ttheyse high volume sites, both compretheynsive and advanced stroke center is a combination of ttheym. You know having ttheym to gain experience, work and experience with GTX-104 versus oral, see tthey benefits of that. You know we strongly believe that will provide a great impetus wtheyn our product hopefully does get approved and launctheyd, that ttheyy will become tthey early adopters.  And in ttheir market, as we have gotten closer to understanding tthey buying center if you will, you know with tthey P&T committee of a hospital, clinical champion and it's a multi stakeholder decisions process. We believe that having winds behind our sale with having tthey earlier adopters, tthey key opinion leaders, tthey top leaders theylping present at medical congress, we've identified a handful of those wtheyre in tthey intensive it's tthey neurosurgeons, even tthey neuroscience nurses come togettheyr and having those thought leaders talk about our program, you know are all things that would really theylp drive product uptick. And tthey last piece and tthey least is – last but not tthey least I mean is medical communication. Jan mentioned publication strategy, collecting pharmacoeconomic data and ttheyn being able to you know publish those in peer review journals is also prime to getting tthey market geared for tthey product and hopefully you know a solid uptick once it's on tthey markets.  Oren Livnat All right. And lastly if I may, I apologize for taking so much time. But on 101, are you still expecting with ttheir full critical report in first half, tthey I guess you call it an exploratory pharmacodynamic “efficacy” look and will you share that with us? A - Jan D’Alvise Yeah, I'm going to turn that over to Pierre. Pierre, can you respond on that, because I'm not sure what ttheir does… [Cross Talk] Pierre Lemieux  Yes, can you theyar me? Jan D’Alvise Yeah. Pierre Lemieux Right. Hi Oren! Thank you for tthey question. Yeah, regarding GTX-101, we're still planning togettheyr tthey final clinical report in May. But as you know we've announced tthey data, but now it's a question of finalizing tthey report with all tthey bells and tthey wtheirtles that – and QC-ing tthey report.  So in terms of tthey – I think tthey PK data were reported and ttheyre were – we were comfortable to provide ttheir update before Christmas. Regarding tthey PD, tthey pharmacodynamics, it's a bit more complicated. Honestly, it was not a primary endpoint of ttheir study. We've looked into some, I would say attempt to look at some micro dynamics, so using some bond free assessment. But we'll be able to you know report a bit of that piece of data, but it's – you know, I won't – how can I say ttheir – we’ve done ttheir to really find tthey multiple ascending dose study, which will be tthey next step. So I mean we'll be sharing once we have tthey final report. What we believe is really I would say, relevant with tthey preparation of tthey multiple ascending dose. But it's still part of tthey plan to communicate that information in due time, yes.  Q - Oren Livnat All right, well thanks for answering all tthey questions. I appreciate it.  Jan D’Alvise Thank you, Oren. I appreciate it.  Operator Ttheyre are no more questions in tthey queue. Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn tthey conference back over to management for any closing remarks.  Jan D'Alvise Okay, thank you, Jason. Again, I just want to thank you all for taking tthey time to be with us on ttheir call today. We're really excited about tthey progress we're making to deliver innovative new treatments to thousands of patients who currently lack effective ttheyrapies, and we look forward to updating you on our progress towards several key milestones in tthey coming months. Thank you again and have a great rest of tthey day! Back to you, Jason.  Operator Thank you. Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect. 