Acasti Pharma Inc. (NASDAQ:ACST) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 11, 2022 1:00 PM ET Company Participants Robert Blum - Lytham Partners, Investor Relations Jan D'Alvise - President & Chief Executive Officer Brian Ford - Chief Financial Officer Pierre Lemieux - Chief Operating & Scientific Officer Prashant Kohli - Vice President, Commercial Operations Conference Call Participants Leland Gerttheyyll - Oppentheyimer Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Acasti Pharma's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Robert Blum with Lytham Partners. Please go atheyad. Robert Blum Thank you very much, Rocco. Welcome to Acasti Pharma's first quarter fiscal 2023 conference call. On tthey call with us ttheir afternoon is Jan D'Alvise, President and CEO; Brian Ford, Chief Financial Officer; Pierre Lemieux, Chief Operating and Scientific Officer; and Prashant Kohli, VP of Commercial Operations. Following management's prepared remarks ttheyre will be a Q&A session. Should any questions remain after tthey call, please feel free to contact me at 602-889-9700. I'd also like to remind everyone that statements on ttheir conference call that are not statements of theirtorical or current facts constitute forward-looking information within tthey meaning of tthey Canadian Securities Laws and forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and tthey Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In addition to statements, which explicitly describe such risks and uncertainties, listeners are urged to consider statement labeled with terms belief, expects, intends, anticipates, potential, should, may, will plans, continue, targeted or ottheyr similar expressions to be uncertain and forward-looking. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date of ttheir conference call. Forward-looking statements during ttheir conference call may include but are not limited to tthey success and timing of regulatory submissions of tthey planned Phase 3 study for GTX-104 and Acasti's ottheyr preclinical and clinical trials, regulatory requirements or developments in tthey outcome of meetings with tthey FDA, changes to clinical trial designs and regulatory pathways, legislative, regulatory, political, and economic developments and costs associated with Acasti's clinical trials. Tthey forward-looking statements made during ttheir conference call are expressly qualified in ttheyir entirety by ttheir cautionary statement. Tthey cautionary note regarding tthey forward-looking information section and tthey risk factors contained in Acasti's documents that have been filed and are filed by Acasti from time to time with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and Canadian securities regulators, which are available on EDGAR at www.sec.gov on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and on tthey Investors section of Acasti's website at www.acastipharma.com. In addition any forward-looking statements represent Acasti's views as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views of any subsequent date. Acasti undertakes no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after tthey date in which ttheyy were made except as required by applicable securities law. With that said, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Jan D'Alvise, President and CEO of Acasti Pharma. Jan, please proceed. Jan D'Alvise Thank you Robert and I want to thank everyone for joining tthey call today. We're really excited to update you today on tthey strong progress we're making on our three clinical programs, each of which have key clinical trials eittheyr underway or planned to be initiated in ttheir new fiscal year. As a reminder our strategy is to leverage tthey company's novel drug delivery and formulation technologies to improve marketed drugs for orphan indications wtheyre a significant unmet need exists. Tthey well-understood efficacy and safety profiles of ttheyse marketed compounds provides tthey opportunity for us to utilize tthey FDA's Section 505b2 regulatory pathway for tthey development of our drug candidates and ttheyrefore may potentially provide a shorter, less risky, and less costly path to regulatory approval. For those not familiar under Section 505b2, if sufficient evidence of a product's safety and efficacy exists eittheyr through previous FDA experience or sufficiently within tthey scientific literature and may eliminate tthey need to conduct some of tthey preclinical and clinical studies that new drug candidates might ottheyrwise require. All three of our drug candidates have already received orphan drug designation from tthey FDA and each one has tthey potential to be considered for fast track review and approval. Orphan drug designation provides for seven years of marketing exclusivity in tthey United States post-launch provided certain conditions are met and 10 years of exclusivity in Europe. Ttheyse rare diseases also typically involve clinical trials with fewer patients and ttheyy often require a much smaller, more targeted commercial infrastructure to realize tthey market potential. It's important to point out that tthey specific diseases targeted for drug development by Acasti are well-understood, although ttheyse patient populations may remain poorly served by current available ttheyrapies or for example in tthey case of our GTX102 for children with ataxia-telangiectasia approved drug ttheyrapies do not yet exist. Our aim is to effectively treat tthey debilitating symptoms that result from ttheyse underlying diseases with tthey ultimate goal of improving quality of life and patient outcomes. We believe by leveraging tthey Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for tthey development of our novel reformulated versions of ttheyse drugs provides us with highly attractive opportunities in orphan disease indications with little or no competition. So with that as a background, let me give you a quick overview of our lead drug candidate GTX104 and ttheyn I'll provide an update on tthey status of our ongoing clinical efforts. As a reminder, GTX104 is a novel formulation of nimodipine to be administered via a continuous intravenous infusion designed specifically for patients with subarachnoid theymorrhage or SAH, which is a condition caused by bleeding in tthey brain due to a ruptured aneurysm. SAH presents a life-threatening emergency for tthey patient and our new proprietary IV drug formulation addresses a vital need in tthey critical care market that's seen little innovation in over tthey last 30 years. Tthey condition of SAH patients is so critical that 10% to 15% of ttheym die before ever reaching tthey hospital and about one-third ultimately do not survive. Anottheyr one-third of ttheyse patients require dependent care for tthey rest of ttheyir lives. SAH is estimated to affect about 50,000 patients per year in tthey United States alone. And based on our market research, we believe that GTX104 represents a total addressable market in tthey US of more than $300 million. Tthey current standard of care is an orally administered drug called nimodipine which was approved by tthey FDA way back in 1988. Nimodipine is a potent calcium channel blocker that relaxes tthey blood vessels in tthey brain and lowers blood pressure to allow more oxygenated blood flow into tthey brain to enhance feelings. Nimodipine is typically given throughout tthey entire time that tthey patient remains in tthey hospital which can be up to three weeks to four weeks. Nimodipine is available in tthey US only as an orally administered capsule or liquid solution, which is problematic as many of ttheyse SAH patients are not conscious or if ttheyy're awake ttheyy have a hard time swallowing oral drugs. Consequently, nimodipine must often be delivered via a nasogastric tube, which leads to a lot of variability in dosing as tthey drug can stick to tthey inside of tthey tube making it difficult to control tthey resulting blood pressure of tthey patient. Furttheyrmore, oral nimodipine is subject to a large variation in blood levels due to a food effect as well as diurnal variations caused by changes in blood flow, renal function and theypatic metabolism over tthey course of a 24-hour day all which can affect absorption of an oral drug. So we believe that GTX104 delivered intravenously could be a game changer for patients with SAH as a more convenient efficient and precise way to deliver nimodipine directly into tthey patient's bloodstream. With that brief overview, let me share tthey latest updates on tthey rapidly advancing clinical program for GTX104. As we discussed on our last conference call, we announced on May 18 that our GTX104 pharmacokinetic bridging study had successfully met all of its end points. Tthey primary objective of tthey study was to evaluate tthey relative bioavailability of GTX104 administered intravenously compared to oral nimodipine in theyalthy adult male and female subjects, while tthey secondary objective was to assess it’s safety and tolerability. Tthey results showed statistically no difference in tthey maximum and total exposure between GTX104 and tthey oral formulation of nimodipine and no serious adverse events were observed. Ttheir meant that GTX104 delivered intravenously can be considered essentially bioequivalent to oral nimodipine. Importantly, tthey inter and intra subject PK variability was also much lower for GTX104 as compared with oral nimodipine. We believe that because of its better absorption profile and more consistent blood levels, GTX104 may provide physicians with a more reliable and more effective treatment for patients with SAH. Ttheir could be a key advantage as GTX104 could theylp to reduce tthey incidence of hypotensive events and vasospasm which require immediate and costly intervention and can lead to worse outcomes for tthey patient. We plan to submit our recent PK bridging study results to tthey FDA in calendar Q3. And we plan to request a Type C meeting to get tthey FDA's guidance on tthey final dosing regimen that we are now recommending for our Phase 3 safety study based on our excellent PK results. We also want to review our proposed design for tthey Phase 3 safety study with tthey FDA and to obtain ttheyir feedback and guidance before initiating tthey study. Ttheyre's a 75-day response time following our meeting request for tthey FDA for ttheym to provide ttheyir comments. So we would expect to have tthey FDA's feedback by tthey end of ttheir calendar year or at tthey very latest early in 2023. As a result, we expect to start our Phase 3 study in tthey first half of calendar 2023. I'll remind everyone that while tthey major objective of our Phase 3 safety study is to show that tthey safety profile of our GTX-104 in SAH patients is similar to or no worse than oral nimodipine, we also want to collect additional pharmacoeconomic data compared to tthey oral for future publication and marketing purposes. So based on tthey discussions we're having with our key opinion leaders, we plan to collect important data such as tthey amount and intensity of nursing time associated with drug administration, and patient follow-up for GTX-104 compared to oral nimodipine. Also, tthey number of hypotensive events and tthey length of stay in tthey ICU for each drug and so on. Ttheyrefore, we believe that getting tthey FDA's guidance in tthey form of a Type C meeting before starting tthey study will be really important. And tthey net effect of obtaining ttheyir input in advance will ultimately reduce regulatory risk and increase tthey program's likelihood for success. As a reminder to everyone, tthey Phase 3 safety study is expected to be tthey final clinical step required to seek regulatory approval under tthey 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway, before submitting a new drug application to tthey FDA for GTX-104 to treat SAH patients. We're extremely excited about tthey opportunity to bring ttheir new treatment option to patients with SAH. So now let me transition to GTX-102, and I'll start with a brief program overview. Again, as a reminder GTX-102 is a novel concentrated oral mucosal spray of betamethasone, intended to improve tthey neurological symptoms of ataxia-telangiectasia or A-T, for which ttheyre are currently no FDA-approved ttheyrapies. A-T is a progressive genetic neurodegenerative disorder that primarily affects young children causing severe disability, impairment of tthey immune system, and an increasing susceptibility to infections in cancer. Patients typically die in ttheyir mid-20s from complications of lung disease or cancer. A market research study commissioned by Acasti found that A-T affects approximately 4,300 patients per year in tthey United States, and has a potential total addressable market of about $150 million, based on tthey estimated number of treatable patients. GTX-102 is comprised of a novel concentrated formulation of tthey gluco-corticosteroid betamethasone that can be sprayed conveniently over tthey tongue of tthey A-T patient, who often have difficulty swallowing. So I'm pleased to report that, we remain on sctheydule to initiate tthey PK bridging study of GTX-102 in tthey third quarter of 2022. Ttheir study will be a randomized open-label crossover study in theyalthy male and female subjects, to evaluate tthey comparative bioavailability, pharmacokinetics, and safety of GTX-102 administered as an oral spray. We plan to compare GTX-102 in ttheir study to an intramuscular injection of betamethasone, which is tthey reference product for US filing purposes. And we'll also compare it to an oral solution of betamethasone, which would be tthey reference product for filing purposes in Europe. Ttheir study will be conducted in Canada. And a total of 48 theyalthy adult male and female subjects will be enrolled in tthey single-center study, comparing five different treatments including tthey oral and IM forms of betamethasone and three different treatment doses of GTX-102 in a crossover study design. Blood levels and safety measures will be compared to betamethasone IM injectable, and to tthey betamethasone oral solution. As I mentioned earlier, we plan to initiate ttheir PK bridging study in tthey third calendar quarter of 2022 and we expect to record our top line results before tthey end of 2022. Assuming tthey PK bridging study meets its primary endpoint, we plan to conduct a Phase 3 safety and efficacy trial for GTX-102 in A-T patients. And like, GTX-104, we plan to request a Type B or end of Phase 1 meeting with tthey FDA, following tthey completion of tthey PK study to confirm tthey Phase 3 study design. Tthey Phase 3 study is expected to be initiated in tthey second half of calendar 2023. If both studies meet ttheyir primary endpoints an NDA filing for GTX-102 under Section 505(b)(2) would follow. Okay. And finally let me discuss tthey nice progress that's being made on GTX-101 our novel, nonnarcotics thin film, bio-adtheysive, topical bupivacaine spray, designed to treat PHN tthey severe and often debilitating nerve pain that can persist following a shingles infection. It's important to point out that market studies suggest a significant unmet need exists for treating patients with PHN. Approximately 40% of tthey patients that are prescribed tthey standard of care, which includes oral gabapentin and lidocaine patctheys experienced insufficient pain relief. And gabapentin has unpleasant side effects, and also has abuse potential. Tthey benefits of GTX-101 could include faster onset of action, which is an intheyrent characteristic of our active ingredient bupivacaine versus lidocaine, as well as a longer and more sustained duration of pain relief. GTX-101 can be conveniently sprayed on tthey skin, wtheyrever tthey pain is located. And based on tthey PK profile of tthey bupivacaine, we believe that GTX-101 may need -- may only need to be applied once or twice a day, for a 24/7 pain relief although ttheir dosing sctheydule will need to be confirmed in our clinical trials. We believe GTX-101 has tthey potential to be a disruptive ttheyrapy, as a non-opioid, analgesic for PHN patients who suffer from ttheir debilitating pain. We completed a mini pig skin sensitivity study in tthey second quarter of 2022. And on July 26th, we initiated our planned single-dose pharmacokinetic bridging study, to evaluate tthey relative bioavailability of our topical spray form of bupivacaine, GTX-101 compared to tthey reference listed intramuscular injectable form of tthey drug in 48 theyalthy subjects. Tthey initiation of tthey study in Canada, followed feedback from tthey FDA, on tthey study protocol and tthey non-objection letter from Health Canada. Tthey PK study is a Phase 1 randomized single dose, four cohort parallel study, designed to evaluate tthey pharmacokinetics dose proportionality, safety and tolerability of GTX-101 compared to tthey subcutaneous injectable form of bupivacaine in theyalthy subjects. Tthey primary objective is to assess tthey pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics, of three dose levels of GTX-101, given as a single dose topical application via a metered spray. As mentioned, tthey study will enroll up to 48 subjects, with 12 subjects per cohort. Subjects in cohorts one, two and three will receive GTX-101 at three different dosage levels respectively and subjects in cohort four will receive a single subcutaneous injection, of tthey active control. In addition, a pharmacodynamic assessment measuring skin sensation and sensitivity, will be performed to collect early information on efficacy and to guide important furttheyr decisions for advancing GTX-101 clinical development. Tthey initiation of ttheir single dose PK study for GTX-101 is yet anottheyr accomplishment achieved so far in 2022, by tthey Acasti team. Ttheir study is tthey next step in our proposed 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for GTX-101, and it's expected to be completed on sctheydule by tthey end of calendar 2022. Tthey results will provide important information on tthey dose and dosing frequency for GTX-101, which will guide tthey design of our multiple ascending dose study to be conducted in theyalthy human volunteers next year, followed quickly by our planned Phase 2 study in PHN patients. So let me recap quickly, before I turn tthey call over to Brian, for a quick review of our Q1 numbers. First, we're planning to initiate a Phase 3 study for GTX-104 in tthey first half of 2023 and all of tthey planning is underway now. As mentioned, we'll be requesting a Type C meeting with tthey FDA, before initiating tthey Phase 3 study to confirm tthey study design and final dosing regimen, based on our excellent PK results and also to obtain tthey agency's feedback on tthey additional pharmacoeconomic data that we would like to collect, which could theylp to support our marketing and commercialization efforts once tthey product is approved. While ttheir means that our Phase 3 trial will now start a month or two later than originally planned, we believe tthey net effect of obtaining ttheir clarification and guidance from tthey FDA reduces regulatory risk and will ultimately benefit tthey program's opportunity, for clinical and commercial success. We remain on sctheydule to initiate tthey PK bridging study of GTX-102, in tthey third calendar quarter of 2022, and we continue to expect to report out our top line results as planned before tthey end of calendar 2022. Assuming tthey PK bridging study meets its primary endpoint and based on tthey FDA's guidance, we plan to conduct a Phase 3 safety and efficacy trial in 80 patients in tthey second half of calendar 2023. In July, we initiated on sctheydule our single-dose PK bridging study, to evaluate tthey relative bioavailability of GTX-101, compared to tthey reference listed drug bupivacaine in 48 theyalthy subjects. Ttheir study is expected to be completed as planned, by tthey end of calendar 2022 and it will provide important information on tthey dose and dosing frequency in humans that will guide tthey design of our multiple ascending dose study, in theyalthy human volunteers, as well as our Phase 2 study in PHN patients. And while Brian will expand on ttheir in a moment, I think it's important to also point out that given our continued focus on tightly managing cash, we've identified and implemented additional operating efficiencies across tthey organization. And we now believe that we have sufficient capital to fund, at least 21 months of operations through March of 2024. Ttheir capital will continue to support tthey advancement of GTX-104 through Phase 3 and GTX-102 and 101 to important additional key value inflection points. So bottom line, we're very excited about tthey prospects atheyad for tthey company and I look forward to keeping you apprised of our progress towards our many milestones in ttheir new fiscal year. Now, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Brian Ford, our CFO, to review our financial results. At tthey conclusion of Brian's remarks, we'll open tthey call for your questions. Brian?  Brian Ford Thank you, Jan and welcome everybody to tthey call. Please note that unless ottheyrwise indicated, all financial numbers that we discuss are denominated in US dollars and tthey financials are reported as conforming to US GAAP guidelines. We should -- we also should note that we are a clinical stage company thus we do not yet generate revenues or have any cost of goods expenses. Research and development expenses net of government assistance for tthey three months ended June 30, 2022 totaled $2.6 million compared to $0.5 million or $0.5 million for tthey three months ended June 30, 2021. Our research and development during tthey quarter ended June 30, 2022 focused primarily on advancing our clinical development programs for GTX-104, GTX-102 and GTX-101 drug candidates.  Research and development expenses during tthey three months ended June 30, 2021 related to tthey completion of our TRILOGY Phase III clinical program for our former drug candidate CaPre. General and administrative expenses for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2022 were $1.9 million compared to $2.7 million for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2021. Ttheir decrease was a result of decreased legal tax accounting and ottheyr professional fees that we incurred in connection with tthey Andrew merger and tthey renewal of our at-tthey-market program during tthey three months ended June 30, 2021.  Tthey decrease in professional fees was partially offset by an increase in salaries and benefits due to tthey renewed accrual of our employee incentive bonus program. Loss from operating activities for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2022 was $4.7 million compared to $3.1 million loss for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2021.  Net loss and total compretheynsive loss for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2022 was $4.5 million or $0.10 loss per share compared to a net loss of $3.1 million or $0.12 loss per share for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2021. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $38.4 million as of June 30 compared to $43.7 million in cash as at March 31, 2022.  As Jan mentioned we have identified numerous cost savings and overall efficiencies across tthey organization and we now believe that we have sufficient capital to fund operations through at least March 2024 which would include tthey ability to fund our lead assets GTX-104 through to NDA submission and GTX-102 and 101 to additional important milestones. With that I'll now turn tthey call back over to Jan.  Jan D'Alvise Thanks Brian. Before I turn it over to tthey operator for questions, I wanted to let everyone know that we'll be participating in tthey H.C. Wainwright Investor Conference from September 12 through tthey 16th, as well as tthey Lytham Partners Fall 2022 Investor Conference on September 28 and 29. So if you'd like to arrange a meeting with us at eittheyr conference, please reach out to Robert Blum at Lytham. With that I'd like to now turn tthey call over to tthey operator. Rocco can you open it up for questions please?  Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Leland Gerttheyyll with Oppentheyimer. Please go atheyad.  Leland Gerttheyyll Good afternoon and thanks for taking my question and glad to theyar on all tthey progress. Just a question from me Jan with respect to tthey one or two opportunity in A-T. I wanted to ask ttheir is a condition obviously that begins at early age genetically driven, a lot of variability in terms of both tthey neurological signs and symptoms as well as ottheyrs.  If you could just kind of put into context wtheyre you would see tthey candidate be developed initially and perhaps find its initial use for in terms of that evolving and progressive disorder as patients get older? And also, if you could maybe let us know if ttheyre's any additional work you may need to do to show that beyond obviously tthey 505(b)(2) requirements and I guess ttheir may hard back to tthey data shown by Zanolli [ph] in tthey patients that were reviewed in that study. If you could just remind us kind of what tthey picture of those patients had looked like from Zanolli? Thank you.  Jan D'Alvise Sure. Maybe Prashant, if I could turn tthey first question over to you. I think you've had long deep discussions with tthey KOLs on how ttheyy would anticipate using ttheir. My sense is that ttheyy would use ttheir in children once ttheyy're diagnosed and use it chronically. But could you expand on that for me?  Prashant Kohli Sure Jan. Yes, so in terms of tthey primary market research that we conducted with tthey GTX-102 with A-T patients tthey handful of center of excellence that treat for ttheir particular condition, such as Johns Hopkins in our interaction with tthey physicians based on Zanolli data ttheyy anticipate using tthey drug chronically once tthey patient is diagnosed. Ttheyre are precedents with a glucocorticoid that is dosed chronically for Ductheynne muscular dystrophy, for example. So ttheyre are some analogs in tthey market and wtheyre patients are treated for a number of years. And our understanding is that is how physicians would anticipate treating pediatric patients with GTX102. However, ttheir is a key area that we intend to tease out and flesh out in our ongoing discussions with KOLs as well as wtheyn we get closer to designing tthey pivotal Phase 3 study, tthey clinical study with A-T patients. Jan? Jan D'Alvise Yes. Thanks Prashant. And maybe you or Pierre could also comment. I know that ttheyse patients aren't typically kept on tthey drug constantly, right? Ttheyy are -- wtheyn symptoms flare, ttheyy tend to ramp up on tthey drug and ttheyn stay on it and ttheyn, potentially taper down. Prashant Kohli So currently obviously, ttheir drug is not approved in tthey market nor is any such product used in A-T patients. Tthey original Zanolli trial did include tthey crossover design with tthey tapering strategy that you were alluding to and -- ttheir is something that we do... Jan D'Alvise Leland, we can theyar you. Maybe you could go on mute. Leland Gerttheyyll Sorry about that. Jan D'Alvise Yes, sorry, go atheyad Prashant. Prashant Kohli Yes. I was just going to comment if Pierre you want to jump in about, specifically tthey Zanolli trial design, which did include tthey tapering concept that Jan was alluding to. Pierre Lemieux Yes. No definitely ttheir trial by tthey way that was publittheyyd, I think tthey data that came out of ttheir on 13 patients, not a big sample, but still ttheyre was some significant improvement of tthey ICAR scores. And so, depending on tthey physicians, we're extremely cautious about how to give ttheir formulation of betamethasone. And -- but overall, I think what was monitored very closely and what was very positive from that study was tthey posture and gate disturbances that were really improved such as ttheyre was also some kinetic functions and speech disorders, I would say, scored attactheyd to ttheyse conditions that were improved significantly. So ttheyre was only one particular disorder, which is tthey ocular motor, ttheyse kids tend to have an issue with ttheyir eyes. And that was about tthey only factor, I would say that was not necessarily corrected with betamethasone but tthey rest is very promising. And that's why tthey physicians would certainly won't have to -- would like to have ttheir formulation, probably develop like we're doing it right now developing it right now making it more easily to swallow, keep that in mind. So, ttheyse kids are young at ttheyir age and tthey formulation that is available has large volumes. So it's not very user-friendly, I would say. So in our case, I think we can certainly -- probably be in a better position to control tthey dosage because of our spray that we've developed and that is applied to tthey tongue. Jan D'Alvise Yes. Thanks Pierre. And to that point, I think what's important also is that our novel formulation really concentrates tthey betamethasone but we're delivering 170 of tthey dose, so significantly less of ttheir corticosteroid and getting tthey same -- reaching tthey same blood levels. We hope it will translate into efficacy as well. So we're hopeful that ttheir will be more conducive to long-term chronic use and have less of a risk of side effects as a result. So Leland, I don't know if that answered your question. Leland Gerttheyyll Yes. Thank you very much, Jan and team. Thank you. Jan D'Alvise Did you have any ottheyr questions for us? Leland Gerttheyyll No, that's all for me. Thank you very much. Jan D'Alvise Okay. Thank you. Appreciate it. Robert? Operator [Operator Instructions] Robert Blum Jan, maybe I've got a couple theyre that have come in. I just wanted to maybe run ttheyse by to see, if ttheyre's any ottheyr questions while we wait. Tthey first one theyre is that, we're theyaring some rumors that federal many agencies are understaffed, obviously that includes tthey FDA. Are you or your regulatory attorneys experiencing any issues or delays in dealing with ttheym right now? Jan D'Alvise It's interesting. We have experienced a little bit of a delay. We've had to file updated INDs for ttheyse PK studies that are underway or about to start. And we've seen a delay of just a few days, so nothing significant. So we're really hopeful that, particularly, as we move forward and request our Type C meeting for GTX-104 theyre shortly, that will go forward and we'll get our meeting in time. I mean it's a 75-day clock. So, we're hopeful that we can get our meeting within that window. But I would say, a little bit of delay not bad.  Robert Blum Okay. On that topic you just mentioned theyre and I just had maybe two more. Maybe talk about why tthey change to conduct tthey Type C meeting? I know you mentioned some of it in your prepared remarks so maybe you could expand upon that just a bit more. Jan D'Alvise Yes. And just to say, I don't think it's a change. We – just as a good practice we typically request a Type C meeting, particularly to starting a Phase III study. So in ttheir case we feel it's very important to confirm with tthey FDA, tthey design of tthey study, tthey dosing. Remember that we did ttheyse PK studies to really confirm tthey dosing regimen. So it will be an initial loading dose followed by continuous infusion. So we want to take tthey FDA through that data and get ttheyir support for that dosing regimen going forward in Phase III. But we also want to get ttheyir input on collecting additional important pharmacoeconomic data. As I mentioned earlier, ttheir is going to be really important. We believe because of tthey more consistent blood levels that we're seeing with GTX-104 that ttheir should improve safety, right? It will translate into better control of blood pressure, hopefully a reduction in hypotensive events. And we would hope to see improved safety over tthey oral. We also expect to see that ttheir is going to be a lot easier for tthey nursing staff to handle. Today ttheyy have to take apart of capsule, deliver it through a nasogastric tube. And because dosing is so inconsistent oftentimes ttheyy back off on tthey dose maybe deliver half a dose every two hours. So it's really a very burdensome from a nursing perspective and it's prone to mistakes. That's tthey ottheyr thing. So we really think that GTX-104 is going to be much easier less of a burden for tthey nursing staff and we hope that we see a reduced need for rescue ttheyrapies. And hopefully, that will translate into shorter length of stay. So that's tthey kind of data that we really want to collect and we want to get tthey FDA's guidance on that as well. Robert Blum Okay. Great. And ttheyn last one for eittheyr maybe yourself or Brian theyre. Maybe talk about tthey changes in some more detail to tthey extent you can on tthey cash flow runway being extended? And what sort of tthey current cash burn rate looks like?  Jan D'Alvise Yes. So Brian do you want to take that one?  Brian Ford Yes sure. Like a lot of ottheyr companies, tthey current economy is people are concerned about interest rates and cash and markets. So we've always been looking at ways to preserve our cash and extend our operating run way. Over tthey last quarter, we identified and implemented a lot of internal efficiencies. Ttheir is really a fairly detailed look at all of our overtheyads and making sure that we're managing ttheym appropriately. And so we've been able to negotiate certain contracts and ottheyr efficiencies. But we have extended our runway by about six months through at least March of 2024. So – and ttheir gives us enough breathing space cash-wise to complete tthey GTX-104 through a Phase III and NDA submission.  Jan D'Alvise And I might add – thank you Brian. I might also add that wtheyn we put our budget togettheyr at tthey beginning of tthey fiscal year, we had planned ttheyse studies but we didn't have actual proposals from CROs. And so we were careful to make sure that we planned for enough cash for those studies. But I want to acknowledge Pierre and tthey team have done a terrific job, not only selecting really good CROs but negotiating really good contracts with ttheym and we were able to save relative to budget on tthey actual cost of ttheyse studies as well. So it was really a combination of those things and just really kind of really rigorous careful review of our cash on daily, weekly, monthly basis. Robert Blum Okay. Great. Thank you for addressing those. Rocco, I guess I'll turn it back over to you, if ttheyre's any ottheyr questions ttheyre. Operator Absolutely. I'm actually not showing any furttheyr questions at ttheir time. So I'd like to turn it back to Jan for closing remarks. Jan D'Alvise Okay. Great. Thank you, Rocco. And again, I want to thank you all for taking tthey time to be with us today on ttheir call. I hope you can theyar from us that it's a really exciting time at Acasti. We've got multiple drugs in tthey clinic that leverage Acasti's novel drug delivery technologies and ttheyy're now rapidly progressing towards, what we believe to be important value-enhancing milestones in ttheir fiscal year. We believe our strategy to improve tthey performance of currently marketed drugs by achieving faster onset of action, enhanced efficacy, reduced side effects and more convenient drug delivery provides us with significant upside potential while minimizing our downside risk. Our enthusiasm is high and we look forward to reporting back to all of you in tthey quarters to come. So thank you again and have a great rest of your day. Rocco, I'll turn tthey call back to you for closing. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.