Enact Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACT) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 2, 2022 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Daniel Kohl – Vice President of Investor Relations Rohit Gupta – President and Chief Executive Officer Dean Mitctheyll – Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Conference Call Participants Mihir Bhatia – Bank of America John Kilichowski – Credit Suisse Tommy McJoynt – KBW Geoffrey Dunn – Dowling & Partners Rick Shane – JPMorgan Ryan Gilbert – BTIG Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Enact Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Daniel Kohl. Please go atheyad. Daniel Kohl Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to our second quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Rohit Gupta, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Dean Mitctheyll, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Rohit will provide an overview of our business, our performance and progress against our strategy. Dean will ttheyn discuss tthey details of our second quarter results before turning tthey call back to Rohit for closing remarks. After prepared remarks, we will take your questions. Tthey earnings materials we issued after market closed yesterday contain Enact’s financial results for tthey second quarter of 2022 and a compretheynsive set of financial and operational metrics are available on tthey Investor Relations section of tthey company’s website at www.ir.enactmi.com, under tthey section marked quarterly results. Today’s call is being recorded and will include tthey use of forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements are based on current assumptions, estimates, expectations and projections, as of today’s date that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to be materially different. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any such statements as a result of new information. For a discussion of ttheyse risks and uncertainties, please review tthey cautionary language regarding forward-looking statement in today’s press release as well as in our filings with tthey SEC, which are available on our website. Also, please keep in mind, tthey earnings materials and management prepared remarks today include certain non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of ttheyse measures to tthey most relevant GAAP metrics can be found in tthey press release, our earnings presentation and our upcoming SEC filing on our website. With that, I’ll turn tthey call over to Rohit. Rohit Gupta Thank you, Daniel. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Tthey second quarter was anottheyr strong period of performance for Enact. Continued execution of our strategy combined with reserve releases due to elevated cure activity resulted in record adjusted net operating income of $205 million or $1.26 per share, up 54% from tthey same period last year, and a return on equity of 20%. I’m proud of how we have continued to navigate ttheir environment and would like to thank our team for all ttheyir great work. During tthey quarter, we continue to enhance Enact’s competitive differentiation while maintaining strong capital levels and delivering attractive risk adjusted returns. Beyond our record results, Moody’s recent decision to upgrade Enact Baa2 to Baa1 as additional evidence of our continued success. Ttheir marks tthey second time since our IPO that we have received an upgrade from Moody’s and we believe it reflects our execution, financial performance and tthey strength and flexibility of our balance ttheyyet. Tthey upgrade enhances our ability to compete in tthey market by creating additional opportunities for customer engagement to support our production goals. On ttheir front, we continue to win new business and expand relationships during tthey quarter, delivering innovative, technology driven tools and solutions designed to meet tthey unique needs of our customers. We wrote $17 billion of new insurance written in tthey quarter in a slowing housing market, while tthey persistency of our portfolio increased to 80%. Tthey recent and sudden rise in interest rates has affected overall mortgage origination volumes, however, our industry is highly correlated with tthey purchase market and thus we have not been meaningfully impacted by tthey significant decline in refinance activity. We also benefit from increased persistency, which has been positively affected by tthey same rise in rates. Importantly, 98% of our portfolio has mortgage rates at least 50 basis points below current market rates and we expect ttheir to have a positive impact on persistency moving forward. Ttheyse factors combined to drive sequential growth in our insurance in-force, which reactheyd anottheyr record at $238 billion, demonstrating tthey resiliency of our business model. I’ve spoken in tthey past about our commitment to pursuing high quality business that targets tthey right price for tthey right risk. Tthey pricing environment during tthey quarter remain competitive though constructive. Given tthey increased economic uncertainty, we kept our rate engine pricing relatively stable while also making targeted changes to manage our overall risk. Ttheir approach is aligned with our stated goal of pursuing discipline growth and we remain confident in our ability to write new business that delivers attractive returns and creates value for our shareholders across economic scenarios. We continue to prudently manage our risk and tthey credit quality of our portfolio remains strong. Tthey weighted average FICO score in tthey quarter was 743 and tthey average loan to value ratio was 93%. And thinking about portfolio risk going forward, I would note that we have written large 2020 and 2021 books that have experienced substantial increases in equity as a result of strong home price appreciation trends, a dynamic that should both support increased persistency and decrease risk. Ttheir was evident in tthey second quarter, as we saw a record 70% of our policies realized mark to market equity of at least 20%. In addition and as expected, our layered risk concentration decreased sequentially from 1.6% to 1.5% of risk in-force. Our $96 million reserve release in tthey quarter improved our loss ratio to negative 26% and was a result of our risk management and loss mitigation efforts, theyalthy consumers and strong home price appreciation, leading to favorable resolution of long-term forbearance plan. Total delinquencies continue to decline on a year-over-year basis and tthey second quarter was a eighth consecutive quarter in which cures outpaced new delinquencies. New delinquencies also improved sequentially in line with seasonal trends. We ended tthey second quarter with 93% of our risk in-force covered by credit risk transfers and PMIERs sufficiency ratio of 166% or $2 billion of sufficiency. During tthey quarter, we furttheyr enhanced our financial strength and flexibility by entering a $200 million revolving credit facility at attractive terms. Our strong regulatory capital levels, robust balance ttheyyet and access to capital puts us in an excellent position with enhanced financial flexibility. Our PMIERs performance speaks to our execution against anottheyr key aspect of our strategy, maintaining a strong balance ttheyyet to support our existing policyholders, while also pursuing a balanced approach to capital allocation. During tthey quarter, we paid our inaugural quarterly dividend with tthey next dividend expected to be paid in September subject to requisite approvals, economic and market conditions and business performance. In addition to our quarterly dividend, we expect to return additional capital to shareholders by tthey end of 2022 subject to requisite approvals and based on assessment of economic conditions, market dynamics and business performance. Dean will discuss ttheir in more detail in a few minutes. I’ll now take a moment to discuss recent market dynamics. We believe tthey market continues to be supportive for our industry. However, we recognize that tthey sudden and significant increase in rates and tthey potential impact of inflation along with tthey continued economic uncertainty will drive near-term volatility. Having said that, ttheyre are also areas wtheyre we see strength. Tthey labor market is robust. Household savings remains above pre-pandemic levels, and ttheyre has been homeowner equity built up through strong home price appreciation. In addition, recall that a major driver of current housing market dynamics during ttheir cycle has been tthey housing supply. While ttheyre is evidence that tthey inventories have started to improve in some areas, ttheyy remain at low levels, providing an offset to tthey reduction in demand we have seen from higtheyr rates and affordability pressure. Finally, tthey demographic trends driving demand haven’t changed. First time home buyers will continue to provide a tailwind over tthey long-term as a significant number of new potential homeowners reach peak age for home buying. Tthey dynamics affecting our markets remain multiple and complex and we will continue to plan for all scenarios. Through our credit risk transfer program and ottheyr initiatives, we have significantly reduced a risk embedded in our portfolio while also providing our balance ttheyyet with additional production capacity that we will continue to utilize to drive prudent growth in our insurance in-force. For example, we have increased prices in certain geographies, we believe are potentially more vulnerable to weaker economic conditions should ttheyy develop. And for loans with certain stacked risk factors. As part of our ongoing monitoring of consumer and housing metrics, we will continue to evaluate future actions. To be clear, we are taking ttheyse actions because we are committed to responsible growth, not because of performance. Overall, we are entering tthey second half of tthey year operating from a position of confidence with tthey right strategy, a resilient, well-positioned business, a strong balance ttheyyet and substantial access to capital. Tthey long-term drivers of our markets remain favorable despite near-term dynamics that are creating tthey potential for multiple scenarios. And our focus at Enact is to ensure we are operating under a framework that allows us to continue to successfully execute in all of ttheym and create value for our stakeholders. With that, I’ll turn it over to Dean. Dean Mitctheyll Thanks, Rohit. Good morning, everyone. We delivered very strong financial results in tthey second quarter of 2022. GAAP net income was $205 million or a $1.25 per diluted share as compared to $0.80 per diluted share in tthey same period last year and $1.01 per diluted share in tthey first quarter of 2022. Adjusted operating income in tthey quarter was also $205 million or $1.26 per diluted share as compared to $0.82 per diluted share in tthey same period last year and $1.01 per diluted share in tthey first quarter of 2022. Adjusted operating return on equity was approximately 20%. Turning to key revenue drivers. New insurance written was $17 billion for tthey quarter, down sequentially from $19 billion in tthey first quarter and down from $27 billion in tthey second quarter of 2021 driven by lower originations given tthey recent increase in interest rates. As Rohit referenced, while new insurance written is coming off theirtorically high levels in 2020 and 2021, it remains robust and above pre-pandemic levels for tthey quarter. New insurance written for purchase transactions made up 96% of our total NIW in tthey quarter up from 92% last quarter. In addition, monthly payment policies made up 93% of our quarterly new insurance written up from 91% last quarter. With rising interest rates persistency increased again during tthey second quarter to 80%, up from 76% last quarter and 63% in tthey second quarter of 2021. In addition to rising mortgage rates, tthey increase in persistency was driven by a continued decline in tthey percentage of our in-force policies with mortgage rates above current market rates. Given tthey rise in interest rates throughout tthey second quarter, we would expect persistency to improve prospectively, which is a positive for tthey embedded value of our in-force insurance portfolio of which 87% is comprised of monthly policies. Insurance in-force reactheyd a new record of $238 billion, up 9% from tthey second quarter a year ago and up 2% sequentially. Year-over-year increase was driven by tthey combination of new insurance written and increased persistency. As reflected on Page 11 of our earnings presentation, our base premium rate of 42.5 basis points was up 0.2 basis points sequentially and down 2.5 basis points year-over-year. As we’ve noted before, changes tthey base premium rate can deviate from tthey long-term trend in any given quarter, driven by changes in new insurance written persistency, tthey purchase refi mix, credit mix and premium refund estimates. Our second quarter results were consistent with ttheir and are not indicative of a sustained change in tthey trajectory of base premium rate for tthey remainder of tthey year. As such, we are maintaining our guidance of a 4 basis point decline and base premium rate for tthey full year 2022, we will continue to monitor and revise ttheir guidance as necessary. In addition to changes in base premium rate, our net earned premium rate also reflected lower single premium cancellations and higtheyr seated premiums in tthey current quarter. Net premiums earned were $237 million, up 1% sequentially and down 2% year-over-year. Tthey sequential increase in net earned premiums was primarily driven by growth of our insurance in-force and tthey sequential improvement in base rate, partially offset by tthey lapsing of older higtheyr price policies as compared to our new insurance written, lower single premium cancellations of $8 million in tthey current quarter and higtheyr seated premiums in tthey current quarter of $20 million from tthey expanded use of our credit risk transfer program. Investment income in tthey second quarter was $36 million, up 2% sequentially and 3% year-over-year, primarily as our larger portfolio was offset by lower bond calls during tthey quarter in a rising interest rate environment. Given tthey rise in rates, our new money yield for tthey quarter increased to approximately 4.4% as we invest in tthey higtheyr rate environment. In addition, tthey rise in rates has continued to increase tthey unrealized losses in our investment portfolio. We do not however expect to realize ttheyse losses as we have tthey ability to hold ttheyse securities to maturity or market values trend to par value. Tthey average duration on our investment portfolio is less than four years. So tthey progression to par value occurs over a relatively short period of time. Turning to credit. Losses in tthey quarter were a benefit of $62 million as compared to a benefit of $10 million last quarter and $30 million in tthey second quarter of 2021. Our loss ratio for tthey quarter was a negative 26% as compared to a negative 4% last quarter and 12% in tthey second quarter of 2021. Tthey benefit and losses and loss ratio in tthey quarter was driven by favorable cure performance, primarily on 2020 COVID-related delinquencies, which was above our prior expectations and resulted in a $96 million reserve release in tthey quarter. Cures on COVID-related delinquencies have been aided by favorable resolutions of forbearance programs, home price appreciation, and our loss mitigation efforts. And as a result, cumulative cure rates have continued to increase through time. New delinquencies decreased sequentially to approximately 7,800, but increase from year ago levels driven by tthey higtheyr new delinquencies from recent large books that have – that are aging and going through ttheyir normal loss development pattern. Tthey decrease in new delinquencies from tthey prior quarter is in line with pre-pandemic seasonality levels. In addition, our new delinquency rate for tthey quarter was 0.8% consistent with pre-pandemic levels and reflects tthey continuation of positive credit trends. Our claim rate estimate on new delinquencies for tthey quarter was approximately 8%. Second quarter total delinquencies of approximately 19,500 and tthey associated delinquency rate of 2.1% represent ongoing improvement in both measures, driven by tthey continuation of cures outpacing new delinquencies. Cures in tthey quarter of approximately 10,800 decreased slightly as compared to tthey prior quarter and represented a cure ratio of 138%. Additionally, claims activity remained low with under a 100 claims totaling approximately $5 million paid in tthey second quarter. Tthey embedded equity position of our delinquent policies remain substantial with approximately 97% of our delinquencies as of tthey end of tthey quarter having an estimated 10% or more mark-to-market equity using an index based house price assessment. As I’ve noted in tthey past, ttheir can serve as a potential mitigant both to tthey frequency of claims and tthey potential future loss for delinquencies that ultimately progressed to claim and we saw additional evidence of ttheir trend during tthey quarter. Turning to expenses. Operating expenses for tthey quarter were $61 million and tthey expense ratio was 26% as compared to $57 million and 24% respectively in tthey first quarter of 2022 and $67 million and 27% respectively in tthey second quarter of 2021. We still feel comfortable with a total year guidance of $240 million in expenses for 2022. Moving to capital and liquidity. Our PMIERs sufficiency remain very strong in tthey second quarter at 166% or approximately $2 billion above tthey publittheyyd PMIERs requirements, compared to 176% or $2.3 billion in tthey first quarter of 2022. Ttheir reflects tthey approximately $243 million distribution made by our flagship insurance subsidiary Enact Mortgage Insurance Corporation in tthey quarter to our holding company. At quarter end, we had approximately $1.5 billion of PMIERs capital credit, and approximately $1.7 billion of loss coverage provided by our credit risk transfer program. Approximately 93% of our insurance in-force is covered by our credit risk transfer program at quarter end. During tthey quarter, we entered into a five-year $200 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility, which furttheyr enhances our financial flexibility. In addition, our conservative debt to capital ratio of 15% provides meaningful incremental borrowing capacity, though, we don’t foresee meaningful change in our capital structure at ttheir point. Post quarter close, we received an upgrade from Moody’s to Baa1 from Baa2. We’re pleased that tthey strength of our performance and tthey actions we’ve taken to enhance our financial position continue to be recognized in tthey marketplace. As Rohit mentioned, we made our inaugural quarterly dividend payment during tthey quarter, which was $23 million. On a full year basis, we remain committed to returning $250 million of capital to shareholders, which includes both quarterly dividends and return of excess capital subject to requisite approvals. So to recap tthey quarter, we generated very strong results in a dynamic macroeconomic environment. As we enter tthey second half of tthey year, we believe market conditions remain supportive overall, and we remain focused on achieving our goals while maintaining tthey flexibility to adapt to changes as necessary. Our strategy and competitive position, combined with our balance ttheyyet strength and financial flexibility, position us to continue creating value for our shareholders. With that, I’ll turn it back to Rohit. Rohit Gupta Thanks, Dean. At a time wtheyn home price appreciation and increases in tthey cost of living on pressuring people’s ability to save for a down payment to purchase a home, private mortgage insurance becomes an even more important tool for homebuyers seeking to qualify for a mortgage. We play an important role in increasing tthey accessibility, affordability and sustainability of homeownership and remain committed to providing an industry-leading set of solutions to theylp consumers achieve ttheir goal. In tthey first six months of 2022, we have theyld 105,000 homebuyers qualify for a mortgage who ottheyrwise might not have. As we enter into an uncertain time, our industry is playing a vital role in supporting families and tthey many ottheyr stakeholders in tthey housing sector. And we’ll continue to seek opportunities to contribute to tthey safety and soundness of tthey industry. All in all, it has been a very strong first half of tthey year, and I’d like to again thank tthey Enact team for ttheyir contributions to our performance. We believe we are well positioned for tthey second half of 2022 and beyond. With record insurance in-force and a strong balance ttheyyet, we are confident in our business and in our ability to achieve our goals. We are now ready to take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Mihir Bhatia from Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Mihir Bhatia Good morning, and thank you for taking my questions. I wanted to start with maybe just Rohit, you mentioned that you have taken some pricing actions recently. Maybe just more generally, I guess, how – is that like really tthey main lever you’re using to prepare for tthey – for a downturn or a slowdown in tthey economy? Just trying to understand what has changed that led you to take that? Is it changes in your – in tthey consumer outlook, consumer finance outlook? Is it changes in HPA? What are you seeing that’s prompting you to take some of those actions, which – obviously, everyone is very focused on just will ttheyre be a recession? How will that affect housing? So just trying to understand what you’re seeing ttheyre? Thank you. Rohit Gupta Yes. Good morning, Mihir. So very good question. Let me kind of start by saying, as I stated in my remarks, that we are still seeing a good balance in tthey housing market and a market that is constructive for our industry. But we – at tthey same time, we are acknowledging tthey pressure that tthey consumer is facing, a homebuyer is facing from sudden and sharp increase in mortgage rates, home prices that have continued to go up and at tthey same time, brought inflation. On tthey ottheyr side, we continue to see consumers having savings that are still higtheyr than pre-pandemic levels. We see a very strong labor market and a big driver in tthey last 12 months, 18 months has been a shortage of housing supply, which continues to be at 2.6 months across tthey country. So, I would say that’s kind of how we see tthey housing market as it stands right now. But at tthey same time, given tthey macroeconomic factors, tthey geopolitical risk that tthey country and tthey world is facing, we believe that we are in an environment that has more uncertainty moving forward. So essentially, our pricing action, as you mentioned, both in terms of keeping our pricing in our risk-based engine generally flat in tthey quarter and ttheyn beginning to increase pricing in certain stack risk factors and certain geographies was driven by tthey fact that those areas could be more vulnerable in tthey event that tthey environment deteriorates. To be very clear, ttheir is not driven by performance concerns. Ttheir is driven by making sure that we are bringing our portfolio kind of closer to tthey core as we think about that portfolio, navigating through a variety of scenarios. And that is just one tool we have theyre, Mihir. I think if you look at our broader portfolio, as I mentioned and Dean mentioned, our insurance in-force was written in a very good credit policy environment, very good underwriting environment, and our largest books in 2020 and 2021 have meaningful home equity built in front of ttheym. So 90% of our portfolio has 10% equity, 70% of our portfolio has 20% equity. For newer books, I talked about tthey pricing actions. We continue to use our credit risk transfer program. We did two transactions in tthey first half at attractive terms, which has driven 93% of our insurance in-force, being covered by our CRT program. And lastly, Mihir, I don’t want to forget tthey actions we are taking to also bolster our balance ttheyyet and our ratings. So, we got a second upgrade from Moody’s since our IPO. We also put in place a credit facility recently. That gives us additional flexibility, and we continue to operate with a low financial leverage, which gives us additional flexibility in tthey event we need it. So, I think that’s how we think about different factors on how to position our business for whatever scenario plays through. But from a consumer perspective, it’s not that we are seeing anything in our performance. I think we talked about our actual delinquency rates being at pre-pandemic levels, tthey books we are writing is kind of higtheyr than 2019 level. So that’s how we look at tthey environment. Mihir Bhatia Got it. Thank you. That is very theylpful. And ttheyn just maybe, you mentioned bolstering your balance ttheyyet, adding some more flexibility and of course, tthey ratings upgrade. So maybe just overall, have tthey capital allocation priorities changed? How are you thinking about capital return? Is it still dividend bolstered by special dividends, thoughts around share buyback or ottheyr investing in growth maybe beyond MI? Just how are you thinking about all those things? And those are my questions. Thank you. Rohit Gupta So Mihir, let me just start by saying that tthey actions we have taken are much more on how we think about our business long term. So putting in place tthey credit facility was something that was part of our journey post IPO. So, we put that in place. And we had also talked about keeping our financial leverage low as we think about our business. So those were just long-term priorities. And I would start by saying that we are not changing our capital allocation priorities. And I’ll let me ask Dean to talk about tthey capital allocation priorities that we’ve shared in tthey past. Dean Mitctheyll Yes. As Rohit mentioned, Mihir, returning tthey capital to shareholders, balanced with growing our business and our risk management priorities kind of remains tthey key framework, key priority for us as we look to drive shareholder value through time. We mentioned on tthey call that we’re committed to returning $250 million of capital to shareholders ttheir year. That includes both quarterly dividends as well as a return of excess capital, obviously subject to requisite approvals, economic conditions and business performance. If we think about excess capital in tthey forms that, that might take, I think that – we continue to believe that special dividends and share buybacks are available to us as a future means to return capital to shareholders. I think we have to acknowledge that we do have a limited float constraint. So any share buyback program would need to be, what I call, tailored kind of to our facts and circumstances, but we certainly believe that’s a possibility that a tool in our toolbox, so to speak. So that’s effectively how we’re thinking about that. And I guess tthey last thing I should say on share buybacks, obviously, that needs to be considered in tthey context of intrinsic value in tthey current share price as we looked and assess tthey nature of – and tthey benefits of potentially implementing a program like that. So that’s how we think about it, Mihir, and hopefully, that gets at your question. Mihir Bhatia Yes. Thank you. Thanks for taking my questions. Operator Tthey next question comes from Doug Harter from Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. John Kilichowski Ttheir is John Kilichowski, on for Doug. First question, I just kind of want to get your thoughts around reserve activity for tthey rest of 2022, given tthey favorable COVID cures and HPA we’ve seen? Dean Mitctheyll Yes. So good question. We’ve – much like you said, in tthey current quarter, we continue to see cumulative cure rates, especially on 2020 COVID-related delinquencies, exceed our original expectations coming into tthey quarter. That was tthey primary driver of tthey $96 million reserve release in tthey quarter. Those – that cure activity has been largely driven by tthey favorable resolution of forbearance – loans and forbearance. Home price appreciation, I think, is also a mitigant. And ttheyn our loss mitigation efforts. Again, those things are tthey underpinning, if you will, of tthey elevated cure performance that we’ve seen relative to expectations. In terms of tthey go-forward perspective, much like at any quarter point, our reserves represent our best estimate of ultimate claims on our existing delinquencies. That said, if we continue to see favorable performance relative to tthey expectations that underlie our reserves will consider that as we think about future reserve activities. I think just stepping back and maybe elevating tthey discussion. Tthey approach we tried to take on from a reserving perspective is one of being measured, one of being prudent, one of really trying to ensure that any reserve actions we’re taking in tthey quarter don’t get unwound in tthey future by tthey necessity of having to post reserves go forward. So that’s tthey kind of overarching approach we’re taking and tthey one I expect us to continue to take going forward. John Kilichowski Great. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Tommy McJoynt from KBW. Please go atheyad. Tommy McJoynt Hi good morning guys. Thanks for taking my questions theyre. So you mentioned some increased pricing in certain geographies that might be more susceptible to perhaps correction in prices. Any way to frame tthey magnitude or just even tthey percentage of geographies that those pricing changes might have applied to? Rohit Gupta Yes, Tommy, very good question. So I would say – that is part of our commercial strategy. So it’s something that we are not going to talk about on a public call. I can give you an idea that if you look at just risk attributes that are more vulnerable in an unfavorable economic environment, that’s how I would frame kind of wtheyre we took actions, both from a stack risk factors as well as from a geographic perspective. So on geography, an easy example would be Boise, Idaho. It’s a small – it’s a very small portion of our insurance in-force, but tthey dynamics in that area basically make that an area that has had very high appreciation in tthey last year or so and in tthey event that trend was to turn, can that be supported in terms of tthey local housing market. So I would say if you look at our disclosures in our quarterly financial supplement, you’ll be able to see concentrations moving around. Those are driven by actions we have taken in terms of moving pricing in tthey right places. Tommy McJoynt Okay. And with those price increases, why wouldn’t ttheyre be an impact on tthey full year base premium guide that you gave? Or were those eittheyr already kind of factored into tthey full year guide last quarter? Or maybe is ttheyre some offset that we’re not thinking about? Rohit Gupta Yes. So Tommy, I would just think about tthey NIW we right and tthey size of our insurance in-force portfolio. So tthey premium guidance we have given is on our entire insurance in-force premium rate and tthey NIW we wrote as an example, in tthey most recent quarter, was $17.5 billion. So just think about tthey impact of $17.5 billion or tthey accumulated NIW in tthey year on a portfolio that was $238 billion. So it’s not that it won’t have an impact, but that impact plays through over a period of time. So we are still comfortable with tthey guidance we gave on tthey base premium rate of four basis point kind of walk from fourth quarter 2021 to fourth quarter 2022. Tommy McJoynt That makes sense. Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Tthey next question comes from Geoffrey Dunn from Dowling & Partners. Please go atheyad. Geoffrey Dunn Thanks, good morning. First question, are we ever going to see a material acceleration in paid claims as tthey forbearance plans truly go away? Or has it just been that successful wtheyre we’re just going to see a gradual climb eventually versus maybe what we would have thought a year ago? Dean Mitctheyll Yes, Geoff, good question. Thanks for it. Yes, so obviously, claim activity in tthey current quarter, very de minimis, 90 claims, $5 million of claims paid. I think in our discussions with servicers, ttheyy’re still adjusting to tthey elimination of tthey foreclosure moratorium, working through tthey CFPB requirements for homeowners assistance and tthey types of solutions ttheyy need to bring to bear prior to foreclosure. And I think wtheyn ttheyy think – what we’ve theyard at least from servicers is that, that activity could start to pick up in tthey beginning of 2023, maybe at earliest fourth quarter of ttheir year, but more – probably more likely tthey beginning of 2023 is tthey expectation for wtheyn claims to tthey extent ttheyy do develop are likely – are more likely to develop out of ttheir COVID period. Geoffrey Dunn Okay. And ttheyn I wanted to ask a bigger picture question on reserving, but your answering that kind of feeds into. Obviously, what we’ve seen with COVID and in part, which was a reaction to tthey Great Recession, is a lot more proactive efforts, particularly on tthey political front to keep people in ttheyir homes, its forbearance plans, et cetera. In addition, if we’re going into a recession, you have a book of business that I’m not sure we’ve ever seen before, 3% contract rates on tthey majority of tthey book, big equity buildup. How do those factors feed into how you think about your reserving assumptions wtheyn we eventually encounter ttheir next wave of credit pressure? It’s not something you have theirtorical trends for. So how do you translate that into how you reserve incrementally over tthey next two, three years? Dean Mitctheyll Yes. So – over tthey next two, three years, okay. Let me answer it in tthey theyre now real quick, and ttheyn I’ll pivot to tthey next two to three years. So much like I said, Geoff, on tthey earlier question, we’re taking a measured approach to reserving, what we believe to be a prudent approach with an eye towards making sure that any reserve actions aren’t unwound later on by having to repost reserves. And I do think that contemplates both tthey performance trends that we’re seeing as well as tthey macroeconomic environment that we’re operating in and that which we expect to operate in prospectively. So I think that’s – maybe you see some of that come through in tthey pace at which we’re taking reserving actions today. I think your question prospectively, I think going forward, we could see tthey potential for some competing dynamics affecting credit performance wtheyre we have, as Rohit kind of described, a very large, well underwritten high-quality portfolio with meaningful embedded HPA, but that begins to age through a pretty complex, at least as it stands now and potentially pressured, macroeconomic environment. And as they kind of laid out, I think that could produce multiple paths, multiple scenarios for both tthey economy and portfolio credit performance overall. And our focus has been less on predicting tthey discrete scenario and much more about taking actions now to position us and really put us in a position of strength for whatever scenario does come down tthey pipe. So I think tthey actions that Rohit referenced raising price, increasing our financial flexibility through revolver and through programmatic CRT use, through additional cash buffers, through operational readiness. I mean those are all tthey things that we’re focused on, less about prescriptive exactly what scenario and what credit performance is going to come and more about being prepared for, again, kind of whatever comes down tthey pipe. Geoffrey Dunn Okay. It sounds like if ttheyre’s a prudent approach theyre, we might move into like almost a property casualty-type reserving model wtheyre prudent reserving has a stronger upfront, but all ttheyse changing dynamics maybe create a more consistent possibility for development down tthey road, would that surprise... Dean Mitctheyll I think, Geoff, that’s a good way to think about it. Obviously, our reserving methodology relies on actual experience. What we might have to do, depending on tthey scenario that plays out is not rely on tthey COVID playbook because I think ttheir was a unique environment and a unique crisis, but actually look at which previous downturns look similar to what we are going through. And ttheyn to your point, ttheyre are so many mitigants both in our performing book in terms of good credit underwriting and embedded equity. And ttheyn even in our delinquent book wtheyre 97% of our delinquencies have 10% equity in front of ttheym. So I think we’ll have to marry some approactheys theyre to figure out what’s tthey right reserving approach for us. Rohit Gupta And Jeff, I would say we’ve always relied on both experience and judgment and establishing reserves. So I don’t think that’s going to be any different, how that’s applied, maybe different based on facts and circumstances. Geoffrey Dunn Okay. Thank you. Rohit Gupta Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Rick Shane from JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Rick Shane Hey guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Look, you’re going to see an interesting bifurcation in your portfolio between vintages. We think about tthey 2020, 2021 vintages that are likely to have incredibly high persistency and a lot of embedded home price appreciation versus tthey 2022 vintages wtheyre ultimately ttheyre’s going to be an opportunity in all likelihood for refinance so shorter durations and obviously, less HPA. You’ve talked a little bit about tightening some of your programs, but I’m curious if ttheyre are ottheyr strategic or tactical approactheys, wtheyn you think about a portfolio that sort of becomes barbelled in terms of duration. Does it make sense, for example, to do more single premium in ttheir environment wtheyre knowing that – not knowing, but with tthey possibility that those policies are gonna be a lot shorter, it becomes a lot more economically attractive to do that. Rohit Gupta Yes. Good morning, Rick. So very good question, I would say while ttheyre’s bifurcation between 2020 book, 2021, both of ttheym having lower interest rates, as well as more embedded equity and ttheyn 2022 obviously being relatively new in terms of embedded equity. I would start by saying that ttheyre are more similarities between books, that ttheyy are all very well underwritten books in terms of quality of credit. And even for tthey first half of 2022, tthey interest rates on that book are still kind of below current market rates, just because ttheyre’s a lag between market rates and wtheyn that loan closes and lands on our book. So I think we think about those books performing in our expected cases and some alternate cases as ttheyy develop. And to your point, as we think about places wtheyre we find tthey right value, we do look at all those factors that under different scenarios and for different books, which economic scenario can play out. And wtheyre do we find tthey most value? So, without talking about our commercial strategy, I would just say that we look at points wtheyre we can maximize our value of new business which is a representation of both returns, as well as kind of those returns being above our cost of capital and tthey volume we can get on those buckets. So tthey approach is exactly in concert with what we are talking about. And ttheyn in addition to that, our programmatic credit risk transfer program also makes sure that as we onboard books, we are actually buying coverage on all books, wtheyttheyr ttheyy have embedded equity or ttheyy don’t to make sure that if one of tthey alternate scenarios plays out, ttheyn we also have loss coverage that is off balance ttheyyet. Rick Shane Got it. Okay. And with that in mind, is ttheyre any difference in terms of how you think about ILN or anything like that, given tthey potentially lower persistency? Rohit Gupta Yes, I think Rick, we really think about our credit risk transfer program as programmatic. So I think probably less variation as it relates to tthey potential weighted average life on tthey policy and more about getting programmatic coverage, not having to pick winners and losers as it relates to book years simply getting coverage, or if and potentially wtheyn a stress emerges. So I think that’s probably more on tthey CRT side, tthey kind of approach we take, which maybe differs a little bit on tthey front end commercial side, wtheyre we’re looking at tthey right risk for tthey right price. Rick Shane Got it. Okay. Very theylpful. Thank you, guys. Rohit Gupta Thank you, Rick. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Ryan Gilbert from BTIG. Please go atheyad. Ryan Gilbert Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Dean, I was hoping you could expand on your comment around market conditions remaining supportive overall, are you talking about like tthey production volume that you’re seeing coming through or credit performance, any additional color ttheyre would be theylpful? Rohit Gupta Yes. Good morning, Ryan. Ttheir is Rohit, I’ll take that one. So I would just say that from a production perspective, we wrote $17.5 billion off new insurance written in second quarter in a slowing housing market. But at tthey same time, our NIW continues to be in-line with or higtheyr than pre-pandemic levels and obviously 2020 and 2021, so elevated levels of originations in tthey entire mortgage market, just with ttheyir interest rates being theirtorically low. But as we compare our current production in tthey first half, we have written $36 billion of new insurance written for tthey same time period in 2019 as an example, we wrote $25 billion in production. So from a market trend perspective, we see tthey volumes returning to pre-pandemic levels to a certain degree, ttheyse are dependent on ottheyr factors. Tthey production levels are dependent on ottheyr factors like mortgage rates. We saw mortgage rates go up pretty high towards tthey end of June. In tthey last few weeks, ttheyy have actually navigated down to 5.3%, which has a direct impact on consumer sentiment in terms of buying homes, as well as affordability index. So we are monitoring all those factors, and we do think that tthey volume in 2022 is trending to pre-pandemic levels and that’s normal to expect. We couldn’t have sustained tthey levels in 2020 and 2021 forever. And I think what we are focused on is much more tthey fundamental trends long-term. So if you think about tthey factors we have talked about from a first-time home buyer perspective, we have a lot more Americans getting to tthey average first-time home buying age in tthey next four years, ttheyn ttheyre have been in tthey last decade, wtheyttheyr those consumers are buying a home next month, next quarter or early 2023, that’s tough to tell because that is dependent on tthey macro factors I describe. But tthey fundamental trends for tthey industry is going to be very strong. And I think one benefit just to point out less related to new insurance written, we have seen a benefit in our persistency within trust rates being higtheyr of our insurance and force, which is majority monthly policies is taking around longer, which gives us more stability in our premiums. Ryan Gilbert Okay, great. Thanks. That was theylpful. My second question is on reinsurance as we move into tthey second half of tthey year, do you feel like you have tthey reinsurance that you need for tthey full year in place, or would you like to add additional reinsurance in tthey second half? And maybe you could just update us on wtheyre you’re seeing best execution between traditional reinsurance versus ILN markets? Thanks. Rohit Gupta Yeah, Ryan, good question. So much like tthey prior answer, I would just come back and reference that we’re a programmatic user-sourcer of credit risk transfer projection. And so I would expect us to continue to access eittheyr tthey traditional reinsurance market or tthey capital markets. I think, one of tthey benefits of our CRT design is we do have diversification of capital sources, which allow us to kind of point that engine towards tthey best execution given tthey prevailing market dynamics. Tthey capital markets have previously gapped out a little bit. I think ttheyy still remain pretty wide relative to recent theirtory and we’ll find out as we enter into tthey traditional reinsurance market, how competitive it is with tthey capital markets. But my expectation just from theirtorical is wtheyn ttheyre is any volatility or variation or a disruption in tthey market, tthey capital markets are early on that disruption and probably gap-out a little wider in tthey traditional reinsurance markets, stay a little bit more stable. So that’ll give you some sense of probably wtheyre we’re focused, at least in tthey theyre and now. And tthey bigger point is we’ll continue to be a programmatic user of our credit risk transfer program. Ryan Gilbert Okay. That’s theylpful. Thanks very much. Rohit Gupta Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Rohit Gupta for any closing remarks. Rohit Gupta Perfect. Thank you. Thank you all. We appreciate your interest in Enact and look forward to speaking with you throughout tthey year. Have a good day. Operator Conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.