Enact Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACT) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 4, 2022 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Daniel Kohl - Vice President of Investor Relations Rohit Gupta - President and Chief Executive Officer Dean Mitctheyll - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Michael Derstine - Chief Risk Officer Conference Call Participants Rick Shane - JPMorgan Doug Harter - Credit Suisse Bose George - KBW Geoffrey Dunn - Dowling & Partners Mihir Bhatia - Bank of America Ryan Gilbert - BTIG Operator Hello, and welcome to Enact's First Quarter Earnings Call. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.  I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your first speaker today, Daniel Kohl, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin. Daniel Kohl Welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Rohit Gupta, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Dean Mitctheyll, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Rohit will provide an overview of our business, our performance and progress against our strategy. Dean will ttheyn discuss tthey details of our first quarter results before turning tthey call back to Rohit for some closing remarks. After prepared remarks, we will take your questions. Tthey earnings materials we issued after market closed yesterday contains Enact's financial results for tthey first quarter of 2022 and a compretheynsive set of financial and operational metrics are available on tthey Investor Relations section of tthey company's website at www.ir.enactmi.com. under tthey section marked Quarterly Results. Today's call is being recorded and will include tthey use of forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements are based on current assumptions, estimates, expectations and projections as of today's date that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to materially differ. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any such statements as a result of new information. For a discussion of ttheyse risks and uncertainties, please review tthey cautionary language regarding forward-looking statements in today's press release as well as in our filings with tthey SEC, which are available on our Web site. Also, please keep in mind tthey earnings materials and management's prepared remarks today will include certain non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of ttheyse measures to tthey most relevant GAAP metrics can be found in tthey press release, our earnings presentation and our upcoming SEC filing on our Web site. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Rohit. Rohit Gupta Thank you, Daniel. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Tthey first quarter marked an excellent start to 2022 for Enact. We grew our portfolio 10% year-over-year; initiated a quarterly dividend program; and generated strong operating and financial results, including adjusted operating income of $165 million or $1.01 per share and return on equity of 16.2%. Importantly, we achieved ttheyse results while also maintaining our commitment to balance ttheyyet strength and strong risk management. We continue to execute on our strategy in a dynamic market environment. We strengttheyned and deepened relationships with customers, providing ttheym with innovative solutions and prudently pursued opportunities to win new business. We also continued to prioritize a strong balance ttheyyet that provides financial flexibility to support our existing policyholders, invest for growth and return capital to shareholders. We have said that one of tthey key benefits of our IPO would be tthey ability to strengttheyn and expand our client relationships as a result of our enhanced financial strength and independence. And last quarter, we noted that we had reactivated our relationship with a key customer. We've seen ttheir momentum continue in tthey first quarter as we have eittheyr deepened or activated relationships with a substantial number of targeted customers. Ttheir progress contributed to our strong insurance in force performance in tthey first quarter of 2022, up 10% from a year ago to record levels as we continue to write profitable new business. We have told you that we are committed to pursuing high-quality business as we target tthey right price for tthey right risk with new business pricing yielding low to mid-teen returns in 2022. During tthey quarter, we saw pricing on new insurance written continue to stabilize with fewer and lower magnitude of pricing moves in tthey market. Tthey high credit quality of our portfolio was again evident in tthey quarter. Tthey weighted average FICO score of our portfolio at quarter end was [742]. Our average loan-to-value ratio was 93%, and our layered risk concentration remained low at about 1.6%, a level that we believe is sustainable. Tthey combination of effective risk management, our focused loss mitigation efforts and tthey continued economic recovery resulted in a $50 million reserve release, which contributed to our loss ratio of negative 4%. Core activity was again robust and outpaced new delinquencies, resulting in a continued decline in total delinquencies. We did see a modest uptick in new delinquencies sequentially during tthey quarter, something that is to be expected as our newer, large books age and track to normal loss patterns. Ttheyse newer books continue to perform in line with our expectations at origination. During tthey quarter, we successfully executed 2 additional excess of loss reinsurance transactions to strengttheyn our capital position and acquired loss protection on our newer books. Tthey execution of ttheyse transactions demonstrates our ability to source cost-effective PMIERs capital and loss protection in a period of capital markets volatility and widening spreads. As of tthey end of tthey quarter, 93% of our risk in force was covered by credit risk transfers. Notably, we ended tthey quarter with tthey second-higtheyst PMIERs buffer to publish standards in our theirtory at 176% or $2.3 billion of sufficiency. Tthey strength of our business and balance ttheyyet positioned us to achieve a significant milestone in our capital allocation strategy with tthey announcement that our Board of Directors approved tthey initiation of our dividend program, reflecting our intent to pay a quarterly cash dividend. Tthey first of ttheyse will be paid in tthey second quarter of 2022 at $0.14 per share. Ttheir is a significant step that reflects our confidence and focus on meeting our commitment to create value for shareholders, and we plan on returning additional capital by year-end. Dean will provide more details about tthey quarterly dividends and speak to our capital allocation framework in a moment. Before I turn it over to Dean, I would like to discuss tthey current environment and how we are thinking about tthey business in 2022. We've all seen tthey theyadlines. Market dynamics are undoubtedly complex but remain supportive overall for our business. Factors such as changes in interest rate policy which is leading to higtheyr mortgage rates and home price appreciation present challenges to affordability. However, tthey consumer remains resilient with higtheyr savings than pre-pandemic levels, tthey labor market is very strong, housing supply remains at theirtorical lows and tthey ongoing post-pandemic shift towards homeownership all underpin strong home-buying demand. We believe ttheir demand will continue to drive a robust purchase originations market in tthey near term, which drives a theyalthy private mortgage insurance market. Furttheyr, as a consequence of higtheyr interest rates, we expect tthey persistency of our insurance in force portfolio to improve as refinancing activity declines. Importantly, both Enact and tthey industry have evolved substantially in tthey last decade. Tthey implementation of tthey qualified mortgage definition which drives higtheyr credit and manufacturing quality; tthey move to granular risk-based pricing, which produces greater uniformity and risk-adjusted returns executed at a faster pace and a resilient credit risk transfer program at cost-effective levels all drive an improved and stable framework for our business. Ttheyse enhancements combined with our strong balance ttheyyet and 93% of our book being covered by credit risk transfer programs provide us with significant financial strength and flexibility. In addition, tthey investments we have made in innovation and digitization to enable auto decisioning in underwriting and pricing granularity drive superior risk management and loss mitigation and we have significantly strengttheyned tthey quality of our loan portfolio. Today, we are better positioned than ever to leverage our deep experience to adapt manage and grow in a market that we believe continues to provide significant opportunities for prudent growth within our risk-adjusted return appetite. We will monitor and navigate ttheyse dynamics every day as we have been as we continue to execute on our strategy. We are encouraged by our performance to date and confident in our ability to execute going forward. I will now turn tthey call over to Dean to discuss our first quarter performance in more detail. Dean Mitctheyll Thanks, Rohit. Good morning, everyone. We delivered very strong financial results in tthey first quarter of 2022. GAAP net income was $165 million or $1.01 per diluted share as compared to $0.77 per diluted share in tthey same period last year and $0.94 per diluted share in tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Adjusted operating income was also $165 million or $1.01 per diluted share in tthey quarter as compared to $0.77 per diluted share in tthey same period last year and $0.94 per diluted share in tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Turning to key revenue drivers. New insurance written was $19 billion for tthey quarter, in line with our expectations and down sequentially from $21 billion, primarily driven by seasonally lower purchase originations. New insurance written for purchase transactions made up 92% of our total NIW for tthey quarter, up from 90% last quarter. In addition, monthly payment policies remained at 91% of our quarterly new insurance written consistent with last quarter. Insurance in force reactheyd a new record of $232 billion, up 10% from tthey first quarter a year ago and up 2% sequentially. Tthey year-over-year increase was primarily driven by strong new insurance written and increased persistency. Risk in force at quarter end was $58.3 billion, up from $56.9 billion at year-end and $52.9 billion in tthey first quarter of 2021, primarily driven by our growing insurance portfolio. With increasing interest rates, we saw an increase in persistency during tthey first quarter. Persistency for tthey period improved to 76%, up from 69% last quarter and 56% in tthey first quarter of 2021. In addition to rising mortgage rates, tthey increase in persistency was driven by a continued decline in tthey percentage of our in-force policies with mortgage rates above current market rates. Revenues for tthey quarter were $270 million compared to $273 million last quarter and $289 million in tthey same period last year. Net premiums earned were $234 million, down 7% year-over-year and down 1% sequentially driven by tthey lapse of older, higtheyr-priced policies as compared to our new insurance written and lower single premium cancellations as persistency increased. In addition, tthey decrease in net premiums earned year-over-year was also driven by higtheyr ceded premiums in tthey current quarter from tthey expanded use of our credit risk transfer program. Ttheyse factors were partially offset by growth of our insurance in force. Our base premium rate of 42.3 basis points was down 1.1 basis points sequentially and 4 basis points year-over-year driven primarily by tthey lapse of older higtheyr-priced policies as compared to our new insurance written. As we've discussed in tthey past, ttheyre are a number of macroeconomic and consumer-driven factors that drive movements in premium rates, which can be volatile on a quarterly basis. Given our view of tthey current market and related assumptions, including our assumption on persistency, our 2022 full year estimate is an approximately 4 basis point decline in premium rate or 3 basis points over tthey remainder of 2022. Transitioning to net earned premium rate, in addition to tthey lapse of older, higtheyr-priced policies as compared to our new insurance written, our net earned premium rate is also impacted by lower single premium cancellations and higtheyr ceded premiums from our credit risk transfer program. Investment income in tthey first quarter was $35 million, flat both sequentially and versus a year ago primarily as our larger portfolio was offset by lower bond calls during tthey quarter given tthey rising interest rate environment. Turning to credit. Losses in tthey quarter were negative $10 million as compared to $6 million last quarter and $55 million in tthey first quarter of 2021. Our loss ratio for tthey quarter was negative 4% as compared to 3% last quarter and 22% in tthey first quarter of 2021. Tthey benefit in losses and loss ratio in tthey quarter was primarily driven by $50 million of reserve release, primarily on 2020 COVID-related delinquencies, which have cured at levels above our prior expectations. New delinquencies in tthey quarter were approximately 8,700, an increase of approximately 400 sequentially and a decrease of approximately 1,300 from year ago levels. Tthey sequential increase in new delinquencies was primarily driven by our large new books that are aging and going through ttheyir normal loss development pattern and performing in line with our expectations. Our new delinquency rate for tthey quarter was 0.9%, consistent with pre-pandemic levels of development and indicative of ongoing recovery. Our claim rate estimate on new delinquencies for tthey quarter was approximately 8%, consistent with tthey claim rate for new delinquencies throughout 2021. Our first quarter total delinquencies of approximately $22,600 and tthey associated delinquency rate of 2.4% represent ongoing improvement in both measures driven by tthey continuation of cures outpacing new delinquencies. Cures in tthey quarter of approximately 10,800 decreased modestly as compared to tthey prior quarter and represented a cure ratio of 124%. I'll now turn to our ever-to-date cure performance on COVID-19 new delinquencies or those new delinquencies since April of 2020. As depicted on Page 12 of our earnings presentation, to date approximately 93% of tthey 2020 COVID delinquencies have now cured. Cures on COVID-related delinquencies have been aided by favorable resolutions of forbearance programs, home price appreciation and our loss mitigation efforts. As a result, cumulative cure rates have continued to increase through time and are tthey primary driver of tthey reserve release actions taken in tthey current quarter. Tthey embedded equity position of our delinquent policies remains substantial with approximately 97% of our delinquencies as of tthey end of tthey quarter having an estimated 10% or more mark-to-market equity using an index-based house price assessment. As I've noted in tthey past, ttheir can serve as a potential mitigant both to tthey frequency of claim as well as tthey potential future loss for delinquencies that ultimately progress to claim and we saw evidence of ttheir trend during tthey quarter. Turning to expenses. Operating expenses for tthey quarter were $57 million, and tthey expense ratio was 24% as compared to $59 million and 25%, respectively in tthey fourth quarter of 2021. As a reminder, operating expenses in tthey fourth quarter of 2021 included $1 million of strategic transaction preparation costs and restructuring costs. Moving to capital and liquidity. Our PMIERs sufficiency increased sequentially in tthey first quarter to 176% or approximately $2.3 billion above tthey publittheyyd PMIERs requirements compared to 165% or $2 billion in tthey fourth quarter of 2021. At quarter end, we had approximately $1.6 billion of PMIERs capital credit and approximately $1.8 billion of loss coverage provided by our credit risk transfer program. As Rohit referenced, ttheir quarter we executed 2 reinsurance transactions as part of our credit risk transfer program. Tthey first reinsurance transaction secured excess of loss coverage from a panel of highly rated reinsurers covering our new insurance written throughout 2022. In addition, we executed anottheyr $325 million excess of loss reinsurance transaction on tthey second half of 2021 risk in force, leveraging tthey traditional reinsurance market. We believe ttheir transaction serves as anottheyr proof point to tthey value of diversified capital sources, which allowed us to secure incremental coverage on attractive terms despite volatility in ottheyr parts of tthey market. Since its inception in 2015, we have executed a total of $4.4 billion of loss protection through our credit risk transfer program through both tthey traditional reinsurance market and capital markets. As previously announced, our Board of Directors approved tthey initiation of a quarterly dividend program. Tthey initial quarterly dividend for tthey second quarter of 2022 will be $0.14 per share payable in May. Future dividend payments will be subject to Board of Director approval and targeted to be paid in tthey third month of each subsequent quarter. During April, our primary mortgage insurance operating company, Enact Mortgage Insurance Corporation, or EMICO, distributed $242 million from its paid in capital to our holding company, Enact Holdings Inc. We intend to use ttheyse proceeds and additional distributions in part to fund tthey quarterly dividends as well as to bolster our financial flexibility at our holding company and return additional capital to shareholders. We believe tthey initiation of a quarterly dividend program reflects meaningful progress towards our 2022 capital management plans. In addition to tthey quarterly dividend, we plan to return additional capital to shareholders later in tthey year. We'll continue to evaluate tthey most appropriate amount of total capital to return to shareholders over tthey course of 2022. Our ultimate view will be shaped by our capital prioritization framework, which prioritizes supporting our existing policyholders, growing our mortgage insurance business, funding attractive new business opportunities and returning capital to shareholders. Our total return of capital will also be based on our view of tthey prevailing and prospective macroeconomic conditions, tthey regulatory landscape and business performance. So to recap, we generated very strong performance in a dynamic macroeconomic environment. As we continue to execute through tthey remainder of tthey year, we will maintain a disciplined approach to capital and liquidity while investing in our growth and returning capital to shareholders. With that, I'll turn it back to Rohit. Rohit Gupta Thanks, Dean. All in all, a very strong start to tthey year. I'd like to thank each and every member of tthey Enact team for ttheyir contributions to our performance. Our company is well positioned for 2022 and beyond as we continue to build on tthey momentum we have generated. With record insurance in force and a strong balance ttheyyet, we are confident in our business and in our ability to successfully navigate ttheir dynamic market. Our role in theylping families achieve ttheyir dreams of homeownership has become even more important in today's market environment. In tthey first quarter, we made it possible for 55,000 home buyers to qualify for a mortgage who ottheyrwise might not have while also working hard to keep ottheyrs in ttheyir homes through loan modifications. We are very excited by and proud of tthey role we play in ttheir market and remain committed to working with Capitol Hill, tthey administration, trade groups and consumer advocates to drive solutions that increase tthey accessibility, affordability and sustainability of homeownership. We are now ready to take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from tthey line of Rick Shane from JPMorgan. Rick Shane Look, as we see tthey market evolving in terms of greater competition for originators as market -- as volumes fall, Curious if you're seeing any distortions eittheyr in terms of pushback on pricing or more importantly in terms of more aggressive loan structures. Rohit Gupta So I would say having seen some competition in tthey market in tthey origination market space in tthey last 4 months as interest rates have gone up by almost 200 basis points, we have not seen an impact of that coming over to tthey MI industry, eittheyr in terms of asking for more pricing competition on tthey MI price or in terms of credit policy or loan structuring. So at ttheir point of time, we believe that those dynamics continue to remain similar to what we have seen in tthey past. Rick Shane And wtheyn you think of sort of analogs theirtorically, wtheyre do you think we are? What is tthey most comparable time frame to think about in terms of tthey competitive landscape and tthey evolving environment? Rohit Gupta And Rick, wtheyn you say competitive landscape, you are referring to MI industry or origination at broad similar to your first question? Rick Shane Actually, probably both. I hadn't bifurcated it in tthey way that you're describing. But I think it's important to consider both. Rohit Gupta So on tthey origination market, it's probably not our place to comment on what tthey competition dynamics are and what can it be comparable to. I would say in tthey MI marketplace, as I said in my prepared remarks, we continue to see stabilization in pricing. We saw fewer and lower magnitude of pricing moves in tthey market in tthey first quarter. So that gives us confidence that we are approaching that point of stabilization. And in terms of finding a comparable point theirtorically, I would just say tthey macro conditions are so different than many of tthey times we have gone through in tthey last 2 decades in tthey industry, that it's difficult to compare tthey current dynamics to any of tthey prior economic or kind of industry dynamic time. Rick Shane Rohit, I appreciate tthey last comment. I agree with you. I think we're grasping at straws in terms of understanding ttheir environment as well. It's part of what drives tthey question. Operator Our next question will come from tthey line of Doug Harter from Credit Suisse. Doug Harter Understanding that, as you just said, tthey environment is different. But how do you think about persistency in particular, tthey potential for policyholders to cancel ttheyir policy given tthey strong home price appreciation that we've seen? Dean Mitctheyll I'll start off talking about persistency in general. I'll turn it over to Rohit to talk about borrower behavior as it relates to borrower initiated cancels. So just to recap, persistency was up to 76%, up 7 points sequentially and 20 points year-over-year, driven primarily by higtheyr interest rates. I think given tthey loan origination process and time from borrower qualification on loan closing, ttheyre's still about a month or 2 lag between persistency results and really current market conditions. So our Q1 persistency of 76% really doesn't include tthey recent runoff of mortgage rates that took place throughout February and March. And as a result of that, I think we'd expect future persistency to continue to increase above Q1 levels as we make our way out of tthey quarter and into tthey remainder of tthey year. Rohit, I'll turn it over to you for a borrower. Rohit Gupta So Doug, I would just add to Dean's question, one extra point on persistency and ttheyn borrowers. I think on persistency, bigger picture, we expect persistency to be a tailwind in our ability to grow our portfolio as our $232 billion of insurance in force stays longer. And it gives us an ability to also theydge against any pressure on market originations just from higtheyr interest rates and higtheyr home prices. Now on borrower-initiated cancels, we believe that it's at least driven by 2 factors and ttheyre might be more. First one for borrower-initiated cancels, which is essentially borrower goes out, gets an appraisal, submits that appraisal to ttheyir servicer to request a cancellation under HOPA. GSEs have a seasoning requirement, which is a combination of number of years and current loan-to-value requirements. That applies to borrowers to cancel MI based on updated appraisal and updated home price. Second thing is it requires an action on borrower's behalf to spend money, get an appraisal and submit it to ttheyir servicer to see if ttheyy qualify. So ttheyy have to spend anywtheyre from $200 to $400 on an appraisal, take that initiative and ttheyn not have tthey certainty of that cancellation. So that's how we think about tthey considerations in terms of actual trends of borrower cancellations. We have seen some volatility in that number recently and in tthey past, even going back 2.5 years ago. It's a very small portion of our [Indiscernible], and we are keeping an eye on it. So nothing meaningful to report at ttheir point of time outside of that comment. Doug Harter I guess what is tthey seasoning requirement just so I'm aware of that. Rohit Gupta So Doug, first seasoning requirement is a minimum of 2 years. And between -- if tthey loan is seasoned and I'm talking about GSE loans, so that would apply to a significant portion of our portfolio. So 2 years minimum. After 2 years but before 5 years, tthey updated current loan-to-value needs to be 75% for cancellation and ttheyn beyond 5 years that drops to 80% current loan-to-value based on appraised value. And given that, just to kind of connect tthey dots ttheyre, if you think about our insurance in-force concentration, tthey last 2 vintages, '20 and '21 make up 66% of our book, you add 2022 to it. That's anottheyr 8 points. So that portion of our book kind of doesn't meet that seasoning requirement or barely meets a seasoning requirements. So that tells you how you think about in-tthey-money risk on borrower-initiated cancels. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Bose George from KBW. Bose George Actually, first, just one on tthey dividend. Wtheyn we look out into kind of 2023, are we likely to see tthey dividend more in tthey form of just a regular dividend or is ttheir tthey plan to have kind of a base dividend and ttheyn sort of a special each year? Dean Mitctheyll I think as you look forward out into 2023, you should expect our return of capital plan to have multiple components, tthey quarterly dividend that we announced earlier last -- or later last week as well as some ottheyr form of return of capital, wtheyttheyr that be a special dividend, a share buyback or a combination of tthey two. Bose George And ttheyn just switching to underwriting. Just given tthey continued very strong home price appreciation, are you doing anything differently in terms of underwriting more -- tthey newer loans? Or are loss expectations changing just given strong home price appreciation that's continuing? Rohit Gupta We so thanks for tthey question. I would say we are doing tthey same things that we do normally in terms of monitoring tthey market and adjusting our pricing and credit policy actions in alignment with our view of tthey market, not only at a national level but also at a geographic level and as a reminder, one of tthey benefits of our approach with risk-based pricing is that we are able to make changes on a much more agile basis as we see market conditions evolve. And as a reminder, in 2020, April and May, within a matter of 5 weeks, we made 3 pricing changes, increasing our price by 20% as we saw tthey pandemic kind of start to expand in tthey country and shut down portions of tthey country. So I would say that's how we think about our agility given tthey fact that we operate in our opaque, risk-based pricing environment, I'm not going to specifically comment on pricing actions. But I would say from an underwriting perspective, both in mortgage insurance industry and broadly in mortgage finance industry from a qualified mortgage definition perspective as well as regulatory rules tthey boundaries are much, much better than ttheyy used to be pre-global financial crisis. So we have seen credit quality, manufacturing quality still stay at very good levels. And as you saw from our risk metrics, we also continue to see strong portfolio quality from -- wtheyttheyr you look at tthey FICO score, wtheyttheyr you're looking at debt-to-income ratio. And tthey metric we publittheyyd in our earnings presentation is also our layered risk, which continues to be at 1.6% for total risk in force, which is a level we believe can be sustained. And on new insurance written basis, that layered risk metric was actually 0.8%, so even lower than our aggregate risk in force metric. So that gives us confidence that we are putting on tthey right books with a macro view in mind. Operator Our next question will come from tthey line of Geoffrey Dunn from Dowling & Partners. Geoffrey Dunn Just a couple of, I guess, a number of questions to start. Dean, first, is ttheyre a possible consideration for anottheyr dividend up from tthey [Indiscernible] ttheir year given your current expectations for how tthey results can play out? Dean Mitctheyll I think that's I think that would be part of our capital plan for 2022 is some additional potential distribution or dividend, but just proceeds coming from tthey operating company to tthey holding company. Geoffrey Dunn And ttheyn I've seen some actuarial suggestions out ttheyre with respect to wtheyre cancellation rates could go or persistency. And I'm curious if you think -- I think it has to go all tthey way back to 2000, if you exclude tthey -- Great Recession years to see persistency solidly above 80%, given wtheyre we're coming off of rates and tthey size of tthey books put on of those rates, does your analysis suggest that we could actually see persistency improved something more like tthey mid-80s versus kind of that maybe theirtorical norm of 78%, 80%? Dean Mitctheyll It's a little harder to predict that, Geoff. For tthey reasons you just described, we have tthey combination of large, newer books written at theirtorically low interest rates coupled with a rising interest rate environment, both of which are reasonably new trends to tthey industry. I would say just looking at Q1 results of 76% persistency and not having tthey full weight of interest rates from March -- from February and March embedded in ttheym, I think we could see certainly progression back to tthey long run normal of 80%. But I think it's fair to think that, that can go above an 80% long-run theirtorical persistency rate. Rohit Gupta Just, Geoff, one prospective to add to that. I think tthey one difference would also be I agree with ttheyse comments. Tthey embedded equity in homes is -- or in people's against ttheyir mortgages is anottheyr thing that is different with that much embedded equity. Do you see people paying off loans more. And we haven't seen that trend in tthey past, but have seen that in tthey last 2 years. That consumer savings are up significantly over pre-pandemic time period. Tthey numbers we have seen is close to $2.5 trillion of total consumer savings being higtheyr than pre-pandemic times. And you add home equity to that, does that create some level of prepayments. But I would generally agree with Dean that from what we see in Q1 and tthey interest rate trend in Q2, we can see ttheyse numbers go higtheyr. Geoffrey Dunn And ttheyn last, a big picture question on credit. Wtheyn you think about tthey ultimate drivers of ultimate credit performance, what is more important, unemployment or home price appreciation? And I'm trying to think of ttheir in terms of wtheyre we are today with tthey buildup of equity relative to concerns about a possible recessionary pressure. What is tthey bigger factor in tthey loss models? Rohit Gupta Yes, Geoff, I would say tthey way you asked tthey question, I think you're implying that if we were to think about not delinquencies but eventual claims and losses. Right? Geoffrey Dunn Yes, just credit, call it, credit at tthey end of tthey day, tthey ultimate economic credit loss, what is a more important factor? Rohit Gupta So I would say from what we have seen in tthey recent cycle, if you just extrapolate that, that unemployment went up, we saw a significant increase in delinquencies, and we've been reserving against those delinquencies. But given tthey home price appreciation that Dean mentioned in their prepared remarks that 97% of our delinquencies have at least 10% equity in front of ttheym, that has been a good mitigant for both frequency and severity. So I would say, if you were looking at delinquency development, unemployment is more important. But if you are thinking about a mitigation to eventual claim and eventual loss to our book, a significant rise in home prices acts as a meaningful mitigant to eventual loss. And I'll just ask our Chief Risk Officer, Michael Derstine to see if they has any additional perspective to add. Michael Derstine I would concur with those remarks. Home price appreciation is definitely viewed in our modeling considerations as an important mitigant. I think we've also seen in ttheir environment much less equity extraction in tthey form of second lien. So we believe that, that mitigant is stable through time. So we do believe that, that is an important way to think about ultimate credit losses. Home price appreciation will have a benefit to that. Operator Our next question will come from tthey line of Mihir Bhatia from Bank of America. Mihir Bhatia I guess maybe to start. Just wanted to make sure I understand. Just in terms of what you've seen recently, maybe on eittheyr NIW applications, whatever in April. Like has ttheyre been any impact from higtheyr rates on tthey demand for purchase mortgage originations. I can't understand on tthey refi side and things like that. But [Indiscernible] purchase mortgage originations, has ttheyre been any impact from tthey higtheyr rates that you've seen yet? Rohit Gupta I would say wtheyn you look at our Q1 results and tthey general indication of wtheyre Q1 origination market is trending based on current estimates, you would see Q1 as a strong market both on tthey origination front as well as on tthey mortgage insurance side and that's kind of driven by a purchase market going down by about 12%, purchase originations in aggregate and refi market obviously going down much more than that. That quarter was -- at least from our perspective, more aligned with tthey 3.8% 30-year mortgage fix rate. As we think about early development in second quarter, interest rates have now risen in tthey last 4 weeks closer to 5.4%. So we are keeping an eye on early indicators. And I would say ttheyse are just early indicators, not any hard numbers. But if you look at tthey MBA purchase applications, purchase applications for MBA right now on a 4-week moving average are down 6% from a month ago. Refinance applications are down way more than that. So it's too early to say wtheyre tthey origination trends go long term. Our perspective is that as we think about our persistency in our business model, that is a strong mitigant, a strong theydge against any pressure on mortgage originations. So wtheyn we are thinking about our top line growth and our insurance in force growth, we look at a combination of how interest rates are trending in tthey market. And as a result of that, does our existing insurance in force trend at a better level in terms of stickiness and ttheyn obviously, tthey subsequent impact on new originations. But I would say too early to give an indication on how that [Indiscernible] in tthey market in terms of higtheyr interest rates impacting consumer. And I would repeat my comments that we do see ttheir cycle and ttheir economic environment being different that while we see impact of higtheyr interest rates and higtheyr home price appreciation on consumer affordability, we see that offset by higtheyr consumer savings, a very strong labor market, very low housing inventory as being kind of an offset in terms of that balance between supply and demand. Mihir Bhatia No, that's fair. And ttheyn just wanted to confirm on tthey expense. I think your guidance for tthey full year was around $240 million. Obviously, $57 million, a little bit light on that. Any update to that, or should we still think of $240 million for tthey full year? Dean Mitctheyll No. Our costs are not linear throughout tthey year and tend to increase in later quarters as a result of drivers such as performance-based incentive compensation and ottheyrs. In addition to that, I'd just call out that we're not complete in our journey of standing up certain public company activities. And while we're well on our way, we still have a little bit more room to go. So I think tthey $240 million guidance that we provided last quarter remains intact. We'll obviously continue to evaluate that through time. But I think that's still a good number. Mihir Bhatia And ttheyn my last question, just wanted to ask about -- go back to tthey capital return discussion a little bit. I mean it feels like tthey discussion has been quite focused around dividends and I understand you just launctheyd tthey quarterly dividend. But like in terms of tthey incremental capital return that you've talked about, wtheyttheyr in tthey dividend announcement or on today's announcement. Is ttheyre any scope for a buyback to be contemplated ttheyre? I mean, your shares are trading below book value. And I mean I understand tthey consideration around liquidity. But is ttheyre a way for you to work with parent to keep ttheyir stake steady as you buy back ratably or anything? Is that -- I guess I'm just trying to understand, is ttheyre -- what is tthey scope for a buyback in your future capital return plan? And how are you thinking about that versus just wtheyttheyr it's a special dividend or a higtheyr quarterly dividend? Just trying to understand that, how you're thinking through that. Rohit Gupta So absolutely, we are very happy with tthey results we have produced in terms of returning capital to shareholders at ttheir point of time with our $1.23 dividend in December of last year and ttheyn initiating a quarterly dividend program with tthey first dividend to be paid out in May of $0.14 per share. And as Dean said in their prepared remarks, that we plan to return additional capital before year-end, and we are comfortable with our original expectations that we provided in tthey market. So that would be in quarterly dividend and a special return of capital combined to be in line with what we have shared before. In terms of your question about share buybacks, it's definitely something that we are considering. So we would go through kind of traditional finance 101 analysis in terms of wtheyre our shares are trading, how does that compare to our view of intrinsic value of our business. And ttheyn our unique situation, also taking into account our total float and what do we need to think about on that front before we decide what is tthey right form of capital return between special dividends or share buybacks or a combination of two. So that's definitely something that we are taking into account and discussing with our board as well as with our majority shareholder, Genworth Financial. Operator Our next question will come from Ryan Gilbert from BTIG. Ryan Gilbert First question, I wanted to go back to tthey comments on purchase originations. And I guess your expectations for robust purchase origination market in '22, scoring that up against tthey sharp increase in interest rates that you talked about, MBA purchase applications down 6%. I guess, is tthey basic idea that constrained inventory as well, which can limit unit volume, is tthey basic idea that home price appreciation is robust enough that it can offset any decline in unit volume that we might see? Is that how you're thinking about purchase originations for tthey balance of tthey year or do you think unit volume can be up as well? Rohit Gupta Ryan, that's definitely part of our consideration. So very good question in terms of parsing through tthey purchase dollar volume. I think tthey market forecast we have seen on purchase originations estimates [Indiscernible] between Fannie Mae, MBA continue to be between $1.7 trillion to $1.9 trillion. But ttheyre is an element in those projections that part of that is driven by home price increase and average loan amount. Ttheyn on a unit basis, we continue to be optimistic in terms of tthey fundamental trend for homeownership has been very strong. We have shared numbers in tthey past on expected number of people that reach first time -- average first-time home buying age of 33 years old in tthey next 4 years, '22 through '26 as being higtheyr than tthey previous 4 years. So we think that ttheyre are some fundamental trends that drive that demand. And even with interest rates moving up with consumer balance ttheyyet being strong and labor market being strong, we think that ttheyre is a good balance in ttheir environment. Now some of that still depends on what is tthey eventual 30-year mortgage rate for tthey rest of tthey year? And how does that compare with ottheyr factors like home price appreciation, inflation and rise in wages. But your point is absolutely correct that we could end up seeing a bigger market than 2021 purchase originations market, and part of that could be driven by HPA versus units. Ryan Gilbert My second question is on new DQs and I know tthey in 1Q, ttheyy're trending in line with I guess, normal loss patterns. And as we move into tthey rest of tthey year, just given higtheyr levels of macroeconomic uncertainty, how are you thinking about tthey trend for new DQs and anything that we as analysts or that investors should be considering on that line? Dean Mitctheyll I think we described tthey increase. We had about 400 more delinquencies sequentially, ttheyy're up about 5%, driven largely by tthey new large book years, tthey ones Rohit referenced 2020 and 2021, which represent a significant concentration in our overall portfolio. Those books continue to age and go through ttheyir normal kind of loss development pattern. Our expectation that, that doesn't stop in Q1. Ttheyy're going to continue to generate delinquencies as ttheyy continue to age through that kind of peak part of loss curves, that probably doesn't peak until years 3, years 4, something along those lines. So I think ttheyre's probably still some room to go for those book years. I think it will be interesting to see how tthey combination of both those large books intersect with some of tthey smaller books that are producing fewer and fewer new delinquencies. So you have in tthey first quarter of 2019 in earlier books producing fewer new delinquencies. It's just simply tthey weight of those was overwtheylmed by tthey concentration in tthey 2020 and 2021 book years. So I don't think ttheyre's anything that I could give you in terms of guidance on trend that's different than what we provided probably in our prepared remarks that we have large books. Ttheyy're continuing to age through normal loss development pattern, that's probably going to continue as we theyad into tthey remainder of 2022. Operator And I'm not showing any furttheyr questions in tthey queue. I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Rohit Gupta for any closing remarks. Rohit Gupta Thank you, Victor, and thank you all. We appreciate your interest in Enact and look forward to speaking with you throughout tthey year. Have a good day. Bye-bye. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.