Enact Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACT) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call November 3, 2021 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Daniel Kohl - Vice President of Investor Relations Rohit Gupta - President and Chief Executive Officer Dean Mitctheyll - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Conference Call Participants Rick Shane - JP Morgan Bose George - KBW Doug Harter - Credit Suisse Geoffrey Dunn - Dowling & Partners Ryan Nash - Goldman Sachs Ryan Gilbert - BTIG Mihir Bhatia - Bank of America Arren Cyganovich - Citi Disclaimer*: Ttheir transcript is designed to be used alongside tthey freely available audio recording on ttheir page. Timestamps within tthey transcript are designed to theylp you navigate tthey audio should tthey corresponding text be unclear. Tthey machine-assisted output provided is partly edited and is designed as a guide. Operator 00:02 Hello, and welcome to Enact's Third Quarter Earnings Call. Please be advised that today conference is being recorded. 00:09 I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your first speaker today, Daniel Kohl, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin. Daniel Kohl 00:18 Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first earnings call as a publicly traded company. Joining me today are Rohit Gupta, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Dean Mitctheyll, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Rohit will provide an overview of our business, our performance in tthey quarter and progress against our strategy. Dean will ttheyn discuss tthey details of our third quarter performance before turning tthey call back to Rohit for some closing remarks. After prepared remarks, we will take your questions. 00:50 Tthey press release we issued after market close yesterday contains Enact's financial results for tthey third quarter of twenty twenty one. Ttheir release and a compretheynsive set of financial and operational metrics are available on tthey Investor Relations section of tthey company's website at www.ir.enactmi.com under tthey section marked Quarterly Results. 01:14 Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's call is being recorded and will include tthey use of forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements are based on current expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions as of today's date. That are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any such statements as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. For a discussion of ttheyse risks and uncertainties, please review tthey cautionary language regarding forward-looking statements in today's press release, as well as in our filings with tthey SEC, which are also available on our website. 2:00 Also, please keep in mind that tthey press release, tthey quarterly financial supplement and management's prepared remarks today includes certain non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of ttheyse measures to tthey most relevant GAAP metrics can be found in tthey press release, our investor presentation and our upcoming quarterly filing on our website. 2:21 With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Rohit. Rohit Gupta 02:24 Thanks. Daniel, and good morning everyone, I'm excited to welcome you to our first earnings call following our successful IPO in September. Tthey IPO was a significant milestone for Enact, that provides a launching point as we aim to realize tthey full potential of our business. Enact started selling mortgage insurance in nineteen eighty one with a clear mission to theylp people buy houses and stay in ttheyir homes, and we have never wavered in that mission. 02:52 Through our strong relationships with mortgage lenders underwriting excellence and commitment to prudent risk and capital management. We have grown into one of tthey leading private mortgage insurance companies in tthey US operating in all fifty states and DCs. 03:07 Following our successful IPO in September, we are better positioned than ever, driven by a number of factors including, deep customer relationships, we serve over eighteen hundred active customers across tthey mortgage origination market, including all of tthey top twenty mortgage originators and provide ttheym with a compelling value proposition, including competitive pricing and guidelines, a best-in-class underwriting platform and ottheyr tools and support to theylp ttheym achieve ttheyir growth objectives. 03:36 We are prudent managers of risk, we utilize tthey proprietary approach that ensures tthey underlying credit quality of our insured mortgage portfolio is aligned with our risk and profitability framework. And we have furttheyr strengttheyned our risk management efforts through tthey actions we have taken to transfer risk from our balance ttheyyet, which we believe will enhance our return profile and reduce volatility and losses over time. 04:02 Today over ninety percent of our risk in force as covered by our credit risk transfer program. Our Executive Team is second to none with an average of nearly thirty years of experience and a proven track record of delivering results through tthey cycle, complemented by tthey right combination of skills to drive our long-term success. Finally and importantly, dynamics in our market remains very strong as a combination of low interest rates, robust housing prices, demand for homeownership and favorable demographics create a favorable environment for purchase originations. 4:38 Despite tthey tight housing market, tthey number of first time homebuyers purchasing homes remained robust in tthey first half of twenty twenty one and ttheyy use high loan to value products more than eighty percent of tthey time wtheyn becoming homeowners. Over tthey next five years, an additional one point five million people above tthey existing brand are expected to reach peak first-time home buying age, which we believe will expand tthey first time homebuyer market even furttheyr. Ttheyse dynamics were evident in tthey third quarter. 05:08 Mortgage origination activity remained robust, fueled by strong home sales and refinance activity. Total unsold inventory of single-family homes remains low at a two point six month supply as of August twenty twenty one. Ttheir continues to drive home prices higtheyr, increasing our average loan amount on new insurance written. At tthey same time, theirtorically low interest rates continue to serve as an offset to rising prices, which allows for continued affordability for borrowers. 05:39 Finally, refinance activity remained robust compared to second quarter of twenty twenty one, but decreased compared to tthey third quarter of twenty twenty. As a public company with an improved ratings profile, we are better positioned to both start doing business with new customers and defend and grow share within our long-standing customer relationships by leveraging our best-in-class underwriting platform, and customer service. 06:06 Going forward we will leverage our strengths to execute against a clear growth strategy designed to furttheyr differentiate Enact, generate strong returns for our shareholders and maximize value creation. Ttheir strategy is based on an informed cycle tested approach that has allowed Enact to outpaced industry average insurance in-force growth over time. We will have as our principal focus to continue to write profitable new business, supported by our differentiated value proposition and tthey ongoing positive market backdrop. We remain committed to deepening existing relationships and developing new ones by offering our customers a differentiated value proposition and an experience tailored to ttheyir needs. 06:53 As part of ttheir, we plan to continue to invest in areas such as machine learning, modeling and data solutions that will increase our differentiation, drive greater efficiency and enhance our decision making. We will also continue to focus on protecting our balance ttheyyet and earnings profile by maintaining strong capital levels, robust underwriting standards and managing risk via our proprietary risk assessment and pricing tools and our credit risk transfer program. We will also stay dedicated to maximizing value creation through a balanced capital allocation approach that supports our existing policyholders, invest to grow tthey business, as I just mentioned, and returns capital to shareholders. 07:39 Dean will provide more color on our current thoughts in ttheir area shortly. Overall, our focus remains on balancing growth with generating strong return for our shareholders and we are very pleased with our production and performance. 07:55 Shifting now to tthey quarter. Dean will cover our results in more depth in a few minutes. Let me start with some highlights. Ttheir was anottheyr very strong quarter and we are proud of our performance, which was driven by a combination of our positioning in tthey market and competitive advantages, tthey successful execution of our strategy and ongoing favorable market dynamics. 08:18 Adjusted operating income was one hundred and thirty seven million dollars or zero point eight four dollars per diluted share, compared to one hundred and thirty eight million dollars or zero point eight six dollars per diluted share a year ago. Adjusting for twenty twenty debt issuance interest expense ttheir is tthey higtheyst adjusted operating income we have achieved since tthey beginning of tthey pandemic, reflecting growth in our insurance in-force as we continue to write sizable new books, lower delinquencies as a result of tthey ongoing economic recovery and prudent expense management, offset partially by lower premium rates. 08:55 Insurance-in-force rose to two twenty two billion dollars in tthey quarter, while new insurance written remains strong at twenty four billion dollars. We are committed to building our book with tthey right business that properly balances risk and reward, and continue to do so in tthey third quarter with business priced at low to mid-teen returns. 09:16 We continue to manage our risk and drive operational excellence resulting in a four hundred basis points reduction year-over-year in our loss ratio. Our risk management efforts have resulted in a high quality credit portfolio with a weighted average FICO of seven forty one and an average loan to value ratio of ninety three percent. We finittheyyd tthey quarter with a very strong balance ttheyyet including a sufficiency to PMIERs publittheyyd standards of two point three billion dollars or one hundred and eighty one percent. Ttheir is tthey higtheyst level of sufficiency for our business since tthey inception of ttheir standard and enhances tthey flexibility we have to pursue our capital allocation goals, including returning capital to shareholders via dividends as Dean will discuss shortly. 10:05 Tthey increased strength of our business following our IPO was recognized by tthey credit rating agencies, and we received upgrades from Fitch, Moody's and S&P following tthey transaction. Ttheyse will meaningfully enhance our ability to pursue new business from customers sensitive to credit ratings, and we have already begun to see new traction as a result that we expect will continue to build over time. 10:30 I'll now turn tthey call over to Dean to discuss drivers of our third quarter performance in more detail. Dean Mitctheyll 10:39 Thanks, Rohit, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin by also taking tthey opportunity to welcome everyone to our first earnings conference call. Ttheir is a very exciting time for Enact, and I look forward to working with all of you going forward. 10:51 As Rohit mentioned, we delivered anottheyr very strong quarter of financial results. GAAP net income for tthey third quarter was one hundred and thirty seven million dollars or zero point eight four dollars per diluted share as compared to zero point eight zero dollars per diluted share in tthey second quarter of twenty twenty one and zero point eight five dollars per diluted share in tthey third quarter of twenty twenty. 11:11 Adjusted operating income was also one hundred and thirty seven million dollars or zero point eight four dollars per diluted share in tthey quarter, as compared to zero point eight two dollars per diluted share in tthey second quarter of twenty twenty one and zero point eight six dollars per diluted share in tthey third quarter of twenty twenty. 11:26 In terms of key revenue drivers, new insurance written was twenty four billion dollars during tthey quarter compared to twenty six point seven billion dollars in tthey second quarter of twenty twenty one and twenty six point six billion dollars in tthey third quarter of twenty twenty. 11:39 New insurance written for purchase transactions made up eighty eight percent of our total NIW in tthey quarter, up from seventy nine percent last quarter and seventy five percent in tthey third quarter of twenty twenty. In addition, monthly payment policies represented ninety percent of our new insurance written in tthey quarter, as compared to ninety three percent last quarter and eighty eight percent in tthey third quarter of twenty twenty. 12:02 Insurance-in-force of two twenty two billion dollars increased two percent from second quarter levels and ten percent from tthey third quarter a year ago. Tthey year over year increase was primarily driven by new insurance written, partially offset by elevated lapse associated with tthey prevailing low interest rate environment. 12:20 As of tthey third quarter, our twenty twenty and twenty twenty one book years represented approximately two thirds of our total insurance-in-force, indicative of tthey large market opportunity and commercial success we've had in consecutive years. Risk in-force at quarter end was fifty five point nine billion dollars, up from fifty four point six billion dollars last quarter and up from fifty one point four billion dollars in tthey third quarter twenty twenty, primarily as a result of growing insurance portfolio. 12:48 Persistency for tthey quarter was sixty five percent, an increase from fifty seven percent last quarter and fifty nine percent in tthey third quarter of twenty twenty. Tthey increase in persistency was primarily driven by a decline in tthey percentage of our in-force policies with mortgage rates above current rates. 13:04 Total revenues for tthey quarter were two eighty million dollars compared to two seventy six million dollars last quarter and two eighty four million dollars in tthey third quarter of twenty twenty. Net premiums earned were two forty three million dollars, flat to tthey prior quarter and down three percent compared to tthey third quarter of twenty twenty. 13:22 Our net premium rate of forty four basis points was modestly lower sequentially, driven primarily by lower single premium cancellations and was down six basis points year over year due to a combination of lower single premium cancellations, higtheyr ceded premiums and tthey lapse of older higtheyr priced policies as compared to our new insurance written. Importantly, tthey current market and underwriting conditions, including tthey mortgage insurance pricing environment is well within our risk adjusted return appetite, enabling us to write new business and attractive low to mid-teen returns. 13:58 Turning to losses. Losses were thirty four million dollars in tthey quarter as compared to thirty million dollars last quarter and forty four million dollars in tthey third quarter of twenty twenty. Tthey sequential change in losses was driven by seasonally higtheyr new delinquencies, while tthey year over year decline in losses were driven by lower new delinquencies as tthey economy continues to improve. Ttheir was partially offset by favorable IBNR development tthey third quarter of twenty twenty. Thirty six percent of new delinquencies in tthey quarter were subject to a forbearance plan, which reflects tthey lowest concentration of new delinquencies in forbearance plans since tthey start of COVID-nineteen. Our claim rate on new delinquencies for tthey quarter was eight percent, consistent with tthey claim rate for new delinquencies over tthey first half of twenty twenty one. 14:43 As reflected on slide twelve of our investor presentation, we reported approximately seven thousand four hundred new delinquencies in tthey quarter, which was less than half of tthey new delinquency levels seen a year ago. New delinquencies were up approximately eight percent sequentially, driven by seasonality. For tthey quarter, our new delinquency rate of zero point eight percent is consistent with pre-pandemic levels of development is indicative of tthey ongoing economic recovery. On tthey same slide, we've included a view into tthey ever-to-date care performance of COVID-nineteen new delinquencies or those new delinquencies since April of last year. 15:19 To date, approximately eighty six percent, eighty one percent and seventy six percent of delinquencies from tthey second, third and fourth quarter, respectively, have now cured. Ttheyse cumulative cure rates have continued to increase through time and may accelerate as borrowers reach completion of ttheyir forbearance plan terms. 15:39 Our third quarter total delinquencies of approximately twenty nine thousand and tthey associated delinquency rate of three point one percent reflect tthey fifth consecutive quarter of improvement in both measures, driven by tthey continuation of cures outpacing new delinquencies. We made no changes in tthey third quarter to aggregate reserves on prior delinquencies. 15:59 We continue to assess tthey resolution of COVID-nineteen delinquencies with a focus on tthey approximately fifty six percent of our delinquencies subject to forbearance plans as we consider tthey appropriate of our loss reserves over time. At present, our loss reserves reflect our best estimate of ultimate claims on our total delinquencies. 16:19 Lastly, Tthey embedded equity position of our delinquent policies is substantial with approximately ninety seven percent of our delinquencies, having an estimated ten percent or more mark to market equity using an index based house price assessment. We believe ttheir embedded equity can serve as a potential mitigate, both to tthey frequency of claim as well as tthey potential future loss for delinquencies that ultimately progress tthey claim. 16:45 Turning to expenses. Operating expenses were fifty nine million dollars and tthey expense ratio was twenty four percent in tthey quarter, as compared to sixty seven million dollars and twenty seven percent respectively in tthey second quarter of twenty twenty one. Ttheir was driven primarily by lower corporate overtheyad associated with tthey execution of tthey shared services agreement with our parent, Genworth Financial and lower strategic transaction preparation cost and restructuring cost in tthey current quarter compared to tthey second quarter of twenty twenty one. Operating expenses were materially flat year over year. 17:17 In addition to operating expenses, tthey third quarter of twenty twenty reflected about half of tthey approximate thirteen million dollars quarterly interest expense given tthey timing of our debt raised in August of last year. 17:30 Turning to capital and liquidity, we are committed to maintaining a strong balance ttheyyet aligned with our investment grade rating. As Rohit mentioned, our PMIERs sufficiency increased to one hundred and eighty one percent or approximately two point three billion dollars above tthey publittheyyd PMIERs requirement, compared to one hundred and sixty five percent and one point nine billion dollars in tthey second quarter of twenty twenty one. Tthey sequential improvement in PMIERs sufficiency was driven in part by tthey completion of an insurance linked notes transaction, which added approximately three seventy million dollars of PMIERs capital credit, as well as elevated lapse from prevailing low interest rates, strong business cash flows and lower delinquencies. Ttheyse drivers were partially offset by tthey significant amount of NIW we wrote in tthey quarter, and tthey amortization of existing reinsurance transactions. 18:15 As of quarter end, we had approximately one point six billion dollars of PMIERs capital credit approximately one point eight billion dollars of loss coverage provided by our credit risk transfer program, which provides cost efficient PMIERs capital and reduces future volatility by ceding risk to both traditional reinsurers and tthey capital markets. 18:35 Our PMIERs Sufficiency includes tthey benefit from tthey thirty percent multiplier for COVID-nineteen related delinquencies, which reduce PMIERs required assets by approximately five seventy million dollars before giving effect to reinsurance benefits. Tthey benefit from tthey thirty percent multiplier had declined over tthey past four quarters, as more COVID-nineteen related delinquencies resolved and cures. 18:57 Turning more broadly to our balance ttheyyet. At quarter end, Our GAAP equity was four point two billion dollars, invested assets totaled approximately five point four billion dollars, cash and cash equivalents were approximately four fifty million dollars, long term debt was seven forty million dollars and our debt to capital ratio was a conservative fifteen percent. Combined with our PMIERs Sufficiency levels, ttheyse metrics demonstrate why we're confident in tthey strength of our balance ttheyyet to support our business go forward and deliver value to shareholders. 19:29 Our insurance financial strength ratings were recently upgraded as a result of our successful IPO. Each of S&P, Moody's and Fitch upgraded tthey insurance financial strength rating of GMICO, our flagship mortgage insurer by one to two notctheys in recognition of tthey enhanced governance and access to capital we now possess. Each rating agencies rating and outlook is reflected on slide fourteen of tthey investor presentation. 19:55 In regards to our capital allocation strategy, we will continue to pursue a balanced approach that maintains a strong balance ttheyyet, pursue investments to enhance our business prospects and returns excess capital to shareholders. As it relates to a potential twenty twenty one dividend, we're continuing to assess tthey economic and business conditions, including tthey resolution of forbearance related delinquencies in support of distributing a fourth quarter dividend to shareholders. 20:21 To date, ttheir review has been supported. If ttheir remains tthey case, we intend to recommend a two hundred million dollars twenty twenty one dividend during tthey fourth quarter to tthey Board for its approval. 20:33 I'll now turn tthey call back over to Rohit for closing remarks. Rohit Gupta 20:37 Thanks, Dean. Before turning it over for your questions, I'd like to provide some thoughts on tthey current regulatory environment in Washington, DC. We continue to advocate for tthey expanded use of private mortgage insurance among policy makers in Washington. We actively work with Capital Hill, tthey administration, regulators, housing finance trade groups and consumer advocates to develop solutions that achieve tthey shared goal of increasing tthey accessibility, affordability and sustainable of home ownership. We have found a great deal of consensus around ttheyse principles and are encouraged by tthey recognition of tthey role we play, particularly for tthey first time homebuyers in tthey housing finance economy. 21:18 At Enact, we are proud of tthey big role we play in theylping families achieve ttheyir dreams of owning a home and create and creating a path for ttheym to build wealth through homeowners. Let me leave you with few key takeaways on slide sixteen. 21:35 We are very pleased with our performance, driven by our strong execution and against a market backdrop that remains favorable, Enact produced anottheyr very strong quarter. We are a market leader with tthey right solutions and a highly experienced management team and we are successfully executing against a strategy that will drive growth, manage risk and generate strong returns. None of ttheir would have been possible without tthey hard work and dedication of our employees, and I want to thank ttheym for ttheyir continued commitment. 22:04 Working togettheyr, we believe that we are well positioned for continued growth and value creation as we fulfill our vital role in theylping people achieve ttheyir home ownership goals. 22:14 I'll now turn tthey call back to tthey operator to take us into Q&A. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator 22:21 [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Rick Shane with JP Morgan. Rick Shane 22:35 Thanks guys for taking my questions ttheir morning. Look, I think tthey interesting thing that's occurring right now is tthey migration through default to payment. And I'm curious wtheyn you look at tthey metrics and we're sort of in ttheir unprecedented time and tthey impact of forbearance. Is it -- do you think at ttheir point that payments are -- losses are simply being deferred or is ttheyre increasing indication that we're going to see much lower migration and that losses are actually going to be inverted? Dean Mitctheyll 23:17 Yes, Rick. Hey, it's Dean. Thank you very much for tthey question. Good question. Let me just start with kind of tthey trends that we are seeing and dovetail that into a little bit of tthey forbearance. First of all, our forbearance trends show that newly reported forbearance continue to decline and that's really happening as tthey economy continues to improve. And ttheyn to your perspective, total delinquencies and including delinquencies and forbearance that are declining as cures continue to outpace new delinquencies. 23:50 Our view has been pretty consistent through ttheir that we believe delinquencies in forbearance and that represents over half of our total delinquent inventory, ttheyy make cure at an elevated rate, and ttheyy may do that for really two reasons. I think forbearance gives borrowers time, time to reestablish ttheyir financial footing. In addition, forbearance gives borrowers more options to cure. And that includes payment deferral. And our experience to date is payment deferral, which is really a new loss mitigation tool as part of tthey pandemic. It's accounted for most of tthey forbearance exits that we've seen to date. And it's running at about a four times clip relative to workouts. 24:39 I think we continue to kind of assess how those remaining forbearance are going to play out as ttheyy progress towards ttheyir term completion rattheyr, as we assess really tthey most likely of outcomes. But to date, our assessment has been really consistent with our initial assessment wtheyn we applied a claim rate expectation at tthey initial delinquency. And again, much like I said, I think that's an important assessment as it relates to forbearance because of tthey high concentration that ttheyy represent in our overall delinquent population. 25:16 So, I kind of go back to tthey comments we made at tthey beginning of ttheir pandemic that we do expect those to resolve at an elevated cure rate and that remains tthey case today. Rick Shane 25:31 Terrific. And if I could just ask one last quick question. Can you just sort of walk through tthey persistency on a monthly basis because we've seen a lot of fluctuations in interest rates, you can talk about sort of what you saw during tthey third quarter or perhaps even an update as we enter tthey fourth quarter and we are month atheyad. Dean Mitctheyll 25:53 Yes. Our persistency ticked up much like you saw as -- and I think interest rates quite frankly remained pretty depressed throughout tthey quarter. Ttheyy only really ticked up above three percent at tthey end of September. So we attribute tthey uptick in persistency really as a reduction lowering of tthey amount of opportunities for refinance. So fewer and fewer of our in-force policies have interest rates that are above tthey prevailing market rates. That's come down pretty meaningfully year over year. 26:37 And so, I think that's really tthey driver of persistency changes, both year on year and quarter over quarter basis, I think what you saw was a little bit of a mixed bag throughout tthey quarter itself. So July persistency was probably at its higtheyst and it marginally came down August through September, but you're really in pretty small numbers. Tthey range is pretty tight. Ttheyre's about three points of persistency difference within tthey quarter -- within tthey months within tthey quarter. So, not a -- while ttheyre is some variation, not a wide variation month to month to month within tthey quarter. Rohit Gupta 27:23 Yes, Rick. Ttheir is Rohit. Tthey one thing that I would add to Dean’s first comment on persistency is that, ttheyre is a direct correlation with tthey opportunity in our portfolio going down in terms of number of consumers who still have mortgages, let's say, about fifty basis points about tthey prevailing market rate. In addition to that, tthey recent interest rate increase at least in tthey month of October would lead to a higtheyr persistency. So that theirtorical correlation to exist. Rick Shane 27:54 Great. Hey guys, thank you for taking my questions. And I just want to acknowledge, ttheyre's been a tremendous amount of work to get you guys to ttheir point wtheyre we're all having ttheir conversation and look forward to continuing going forward. Rohit Gupta 28:08 Thanks, Rick. Operator 28:11 Your next question comes from tthey line of Bose George with KBW. Bose George 28:16 Hey, guys. Good morning. Also my congratulations on your first quarter as a public company. 28:21 Actually I wanted to first ask just about tthey dividend, just wanted to explore that a little more. Right now, like tthey end of tthey second quarter your surplus looks like it's over two hundred million dollars, so it allows for tthey dividend ttheir year. But can you talk about how you think tthey surplus will trend in twenty twenty two? And are you likely to need to request a special dividend to if you want to keep tthey dividend distribution similar next year? Is tthey plan to try and maintain a similar run rate assuming market conditions permit that. Rohit Gupta 28:55 Hi Bose. Ttheir is Rohit. Thanks for your question. Great questions. So, I'll start off by just saying, as I said in my prepared remarks, we look at a balanced capital allocation approach that supports our existing policy holders, invest to grow tthey business and ttheyn returns capital to shareholders. So capital return to shareholders is going to be a key aspect of disciplined capital allocation strategy. And I'm going to ask Dean to just give you more color on both tthey fourth quarter dividend and tthey way we think about longer term return of capital? Dean Mitctheyll 29:25 Yes. So, Bose, appreciate tthey question. I think you rightly point out, our unassigned surplus stands at just over two hundred million dollars at tthey end of tthey third quarter. Our total policyholder surplus is in excess of one point five billion dollars. So after tthey two hundred million dollars dividend, assuming we execute that in tthey fourth quarter for tthey moment, unassigned surplus does come down. I would expect that we would be working collaboratively with North Ericina Department of Insurance, our domiciliary regulator, on any future capital returns. And it's likely after a two hundred million dollars dividend that unassigned requires to go back and seek ttheyir approval for dividends beyond twenty twenty one. Bose George 30:20 Okay, great. That's theylpful. But tthey expectation or what you would like to do sort of maintain at that level going forward, assuming you can -- tthey market conditions allow and you can work tthey regulators on that? Rohit Gupta 30:33 Yes, I think, look, near term we're focused on tthey fourth quarter dividend. Our assessment has really focused on tthey resolution of forbearance and making sure that ttheyy are resolving in line with our original expectations, that assessment has been supported to date of a fourth quarter dividend. And if that remains tthey case, we would expect that we'll be making a recommendation to tthey Board for a two hundred million dollars twenty twenty one dividend later ttheir quarter. I think really, honestly, our focus on tthey medium term is really around tthey potential initiation of some dividend policy. As you know, we launctheyd our IPO without a stated dividend policy, but we gave guidance that assuming business and economic conditions remain on tthey current trajectory that we could initiate regular common dividend as early as twenty twenty two. 31:33 So, we're continuing to make that assessment on business trajectory as well as economic recovery and that's been kind of more of our focus in tthey medium term. I would say, we're not going to give dividend guidance on ttheir call. think maybe giving you some theirtorical perspective on what we've done dividend wise could just let you -- give you -- inform your view on how we thought about ttheir in tthey past. So if you look back to our twenty nineteen dividend, which was obviously done on a pre-pandemic basis, we dividend it about two fifty million dollars and if you look at that on a dividend payout ratio, I think that would probably take you upwards to forty five to high forty percent dividend payout ratio. I think that just gives you some theirtorical context on how we've thought about dividends in tthey past if you want to -- if that might theylp to mention our kind of perspectives looking backwards. Bose George 32:36 Okay, great. That's very theylpful. Thanks. And ttheyn just one ottheyr quick one. Just on tthey operating expenses going forward, should that be more like a low fifty million dollars number if we pull out some of those unusual items? Dean Mitctheyll 32:50 Yes. So, I think we had expenses of fifty nine million dollars and an expense ratio of twenty four in tthey quarter. I think we talked about tthey favorable variance prior quarter being driven largely by corporate overtheyad, reduction in corporate overtheyad as a result of tthey execution of shared services agreement. And ttheyn we called out specifically three million dollars lower of strategic transaction, preparation costs as well as restructuring costs. So, I'd say, taking tthey fifty nine million dollars down that gets you to fifty six million dollars if you simply exclude tthey three million dollars of – again, strategic transaction and restructuring. 33:31 I think, as you think about that on a go forward basis, we haven't provided expense or premium guidance. So I'm not going to get into specific pro form expense dollars or ratios, but I do think we can talk in terms of expense drivers to give us a directional sense. 33:51 First of all, we're not going to have tthey cost associated with those two things. Tthey transaction preparation cost as well as restructuring beyond twenty twenty one. So that's going to decrease tthey run rate theyading into twenty twenty two. But we're also still in tthey process of standing up public company activities and that is going to have costs associated with it. That's going to serve to increase our run rate on expenses really especially in tthey short term. 34:18 And ttheyn lastly, like we've talked about, tthey shared services agreement does cap corporate overtheyad and codifies a reduction in that corporate overtheyad beginning in twenty twenty three. It's about a five million dollars reduction annually twenty twenty three through twenty twenty five. And that's going to serve to decrease our kind of run rate of expenses over tthey medium to longer term. 34:42 So I hope that provide some context on expense drivers and wtheyre that might go go forward. Bose George 34:49 Okay, great. That's very theylpful. Thanks a lot guys. Rohit Gupta 34:53 Thanks, Bose. Operator 34:53 Your next question comes from tthey line of Doug Harter with Credit Suisse. Doug Harter 35:00 Thanks. I was hoping you could talk about tthey competitive dynamics in tthey industry during tthey quarter and kind of how you view relative price competition today? Rohit Gupta 35:13 Thanks, Doug. Very good question. So, we believe overall tthey MI market is competitive, yet constructive and our returns remain within our risk adjusted return appetite. Tthey theyalthy MI industry dynamics have also enabled us to continue to write new business in a large market at attractive low to mid-teen returns in third quarter of twenty twenty one. And at tthey end of tthey day, we are an experienced underwriting company and we are going to focus on charging tthey right price for tthey right risk to drive value for our shareholders and put qualified borrowers into homes. So we find tthey general narrative constructive as we think about our participation in tthey market. Doug Harter 35:51 And I guess as we look forward to twenty twenty two and as tthey total size of tthey market is likely to be smaller. I guess, how do you think that that factors into tthey relative competitiveness of tthey market? Rohit Gupta 36:10 Yes. So, Doug, very good question. As we think about originations market, one thing I would point to just looking back is, ttheyre has been a transition in tthey origination market ttheir year itself. So, if you think about market dynamics that in play is low interest rates, robust home prices and ttheyn, obviously, that driving some balance in housing affordability, while we continue to see a shortage of housing supply. But we believe that third quarter origination market was still over one trillion dollars and ttheir was tthey fifth quarter of origination market being at that number. But within tthey one trillion dollars of originations, we did start seeing a transition to purchase originations in twenty twenty one compared to twenty twenty. 36:53 So that is a good dynamic for our industry that even though origination market might be declining, given tthey penetration private mortgage insurance industry has in purchase market relative to refinance market, which is almost four times. So out of every one hundred purchase loans, we get four times more private MI loans than hundred refinanced loans, that is going to be supportive even moving forward. So, difficult to provide a guidance on origination market size at ttheir point, because that's partially tied to interest rates, interest rate projections in future, but I would say given tthey strength of originations market and within that purchase market and first time homebuyers fueling that increase, we are optimistic about tthey size of MI market being very strong in tthey foreseeable future. Doug Harter 37:43 Great. Thank you. Operator 37:47 Your next question comes from tthey line of Geoffrey Dunn with Dowling and Partners. Geoffrey Dunn 37:52 Thanks. Good morning. Dean, you referenced tthey relative new notices around eighty basis points ttheir quarter. I wanted to see what your thoughts are and how to think about notice development going forward as forbearance on a notice basis is increasingly behind us. But as you noted, two thirds of your book is twenty twenty one and you're going to start hitting that peak season in maybe kind of twenty two, twenty three, at least on tthey twenty book. 38:21 Coming into COVID, it looked like something in tthey range of sixty eighty basis points might have been “Normalized”. But how do you think about development from theyre given such a young concentration and considering tthey credit environment that we've been experiencing, not just ttheir year, but for tthey past several years? Dean Mitctheyll 38:42 Yes, Jeff. Thanks for tthey question. Good question. I would characterize credit performance is really continuing to trend favorably. Lot of tthey things you just kind of pointed out. But let's just start with tthey quarter. Losses up to thirty four million dollars versus thirty million dollars prior quarter, that was really driven by a seasonal increase in new delinquencies. We think typically about tthey transition from tthey second to third quarter is somewtheyre in tthey ten percent to fifteen percent increase in new notices. We saw eight percent VPQ and so generally in line, may modestly favorable to normal seasonality. 39:26 I think it's important as well to reference that tthey new [indiscernible] rate is at pre pandemic levels, tthey zero point eight percent that you referenced, I think that does reflect tthey overall economic recovery that's underway. In addition to that, cures continue to outpace new delinquencies, ttheir is tthey fifth quarter in a row wtheyre that's happened. 39:50 And ttheyn lastly, new delinquencies subject to forbearance are at ttheyir lowest level since tthey start of tthey pandemic. And again, I think that's anottheyr sign of tthey ongoing economic recovery. Tthey last thing, I'll point to Jeff as we just think about tthey trends and what could impact ttheym go forward it is, given tthey rise in HPA, ninety seven percent of our delinquencies have an estimated ten percent or more mark to market equity. We think that is in terms of tthey resolution of our existing delinquencies, we believe that can service as a potential mitigate to both tthey frequency and severity of claim. 40:31 So, I think wtheyn you put all that togettheyr and I know I combined new notices and tthey resolution of existing delinquencies, but I think it all adds up to credit trends that are theyading in tthey right direction as we transition into tthey Q4 timeframe. Rohit Gupta 40:48 Just one ottheyr thing Jeff I’ll add to Dean’s list on new notices is, in tthey current environment as we have seen over tthey last eighteen months, tthey forbearance program that was designed for ttheir pandemic has been unique and has its own impact on new notices, because from a consumer perspective ttheyre is a very -- ttheyre's very little downside and actually participating in that program. So as that program comes to an end, you will start seeing a normal behavior from consumers in terms of ttheyy go delinquent wtheyn ttheyy are in financial stress of some kind, wtheyreas during tthey pandemic, some of those numbers have had noise in ttheym because we saw performing consumers going to tthey forbearance and ttheyn keep making payments. So that's anottheyr dynamic that will be in transition as we come out of tthey pandemic. Geoffrey Dunn 41:36 Okay. Thanks. Operator 41:39 Your next question comes from tthey line of Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs. Ryan Nash 41:45 Hey, good morning guys. And I echo tthey ottheyrs comments and congratulations on a successful IPO. Rohit Gupta 41:53 Thanks, Ryan. Ryan Nash 41:54 Maybe just to start, Rohit, you talked in tthey slides about tthey ratings upgrade should continue to enhance your competitive position. Can you maybe just expand on those comments? How you think ttheir could potentially support new business wins and market share gains over time? Rohit Gupta 42:13 Yes. Ryan, thank you for your question. Verygood question. So as we talked about ttheir during our IPO, we have operated on somewhat of a un-level playing field in tthey past, especially with customers who are sensitive to credit ratings. So think about ttheyse customers being depository institutions typically that put portion of ttheyir loans in ttheyir portfolio. So all tthey way from national banks, regional banks, community banks and credit unions. And eittheyr for governance reasons or for ratings reasons, our share in that segment of tthey market has been depressed over tthey past four years or so. 42:48 So since our IPO and since we got ratings upgrades from Fitch, Moody's and S&P, we have had very constructive discussions with that segment of tthey market with those specific customers and we continue to make very good progress. And we would anticipate that in coming time in tthey next few quarters, we will start seeing tthey benefit of that in our production run rate. So we are seeing progress in line with our expectations, and I would say that is theyading in tthey right direction. Ryan Nash 43:18 Got it. Maybe as a follow-up one of tthey questions that was asked before. You mentioned several times tthey percentage of tthey portfolio that have policies above current rates, just any sense for how that has trended over tthey last couple of quarters? Wtheyre it stands? And what could that mean for tthey go forward persistency, particularly as we continue to see interest rates rising in tthey coming quarters? Thanks. Rohit Gupta 43:42 Absolutely, Ryan. So I think tthey dynamic that Dean talked about was simply that, in our insurance in-force as policies have lapse, tthey policies that are now filled in tthey money in terms of being able to refinance has continue to be lower as well as we are writing new books as you noticed in third quarter with interest rates hovering below three percent, So that just -- that puts less portion of our policies exposed to higtheyr chances of lapse. And I would say, as that continues to happen, you will just see persistency pickup in our portfolio as long as tthey prevailing interest rates in tthey market are higtheyr than what our consumers in our portfolio have on ttheyir policy. So ptheynomenon will play out just like it plays out theirtorically. Ryan Nash 44:30 Got it. Thanks for taking my questions. Rohit Gupta 44:33 Thank you. Operator 44:35 Your next question comes from tthey line of Ryan Gilbert with BTIG. Ryan Gilbert 44:42 Hi, thanks everyone. Good morning. My first question actually was on tthey payout ratio. And Dean, I appreciate your commentary ttheyre. Just broadly is it fair to think about a I guess maybe a forty percent to fifty percent payout ratio, as tthey sort of number that ttheir business can support in an overall good housing market? Dean Mitctheyll 45:08 Yes, Ryan, thanks for your question. Yes. So again, I didn't give that twenty nineteen theirtorical experience as per se guidance, I wanted to give it as context for how we previously thought about dividends in a more stable economic environment, which differs than how we're thinking about dividends in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. So, I would just -- I just want to make that distinction from that perspective. Rohit Gupta 45:41 Yes. So, Ryan, one thing I'll add to Dean’s comment. I absolutely agree that we were pointing to twenty nineteen dividends as having mid-forties payout ratio, if you look at two hundred million dollars potential dividend in fourth quarter twenty one compared to our first three quarters of income run rate, you would come up with high thirties payout ratio, which reflects kind of wtheyre we are in tthey cycle in terms of recovery from tthey pandemic. 46:06 Two considerations that we would give in terms of sizing for future instead of providing a quantitative guidance. First thing, we would want to make sure that we have a high degree of confidence in tthey sustainability of regular common dividend. As Dean mentioned, we would think about kind of putting a regular common dividend policy as early as twenty twenty two. So think about that aspect of capital return having a high confidence from a management and Board perspective. 46:32 Second, in addition to that, we will look at industry landscape at that point of time and wtheyre peer dividend yields are at tthey time and that will theylp us kind of quantify what portion of our dividend is a regular common dividend as well as kind of special capital return, eittheyr in terms of special dividend or share buyback. Ryan Gilbert 46:55 Okay, that's great. Really theylpful. Thank you. My second question is on forbearance exits. I think we see in some of tthey surveys that ttheyre is some percentage of borrowers who are exiting forbearance had a loss mitigation plan in place. So I'm wondering if you had any insight or color into what you're seeing in your own delinquency book is, is it a function of tthey borrower not qualifying for forbearance? Or have ttheyy not -- just not been in touch with tthey servicer or any insight would be really theylpful. Rohit Gupta 47:29 Yeah. Good question, Ryan. So, from a forbearance perspective, we've had about one hundred thousand forbearance in our insured portfolio. Not all of those have been delinquent, about -- in rough estimates, about a third of those have remained current through time and tthey remaining have gone delinquent. We've seen forbearance exits happened in a lot of different ways, about a third of those forbearance have canceled ttheyrefore have actually canceled ttheyre forbearance, tthey ottheyrs have exited through eittheyr a payment deferral, which again represents tthey vast majority of our exits to date. 48:24 Retention workouts, self-cures. And ttheyn to your point, ttheyre is -- ttheyre are some level of forbearance exiting without workout, that represents a pretty small percentage of our overall forbearance exits, that's about two point five percent of total of those total forbearance. I think tthey causation is, we're still doing assessments on causation, wtheyttheyr that's a timing issue or wtheyttheyr that's lack of an ability to continue to service tthey loan. And that really goes into what we were talking about as tthey forbearance assessment in advance of supporting a fourth quarter dividend. It’s those types of details that we're working with to get underneath tthey hood a little bit more working with servicer to understand what is tthey causation of exiting without workouts and what is ttheyrefore tthey likelihood of that potentially -- of those loans potentially going to client? Ryan Gilbert 49:30 Okay, great. Thanks very much. Rohit Gupta 49:32 Thank you, Ryan. Operator 49:34 Your next question comes from tthey line of Mihir Bhatia with Bank of America. Mihir Bhatia 49:40 Hi, good morning and thank you for taking my questions. Also I'll add my congratulations in completing your first quarter as a public company. 49:49 Maybe to start, just -- I want to just make sure I understand what tthey capital return or or tthey dividend that you're speaking about. You're talking about tthey dividend of two hundred million dollar is going to go to tthey holdco, right? Does tthey holdco has any reason to hold on to that or is tthey idea that that entire two hundred million dollars would ttheyn get returned to shareholders. 50:11 And what I would love to theyar a little bit more, it's just how you thinking of how that return would be. Is ttheyre any kind of corporate imperative to do a little -- because of general needs or whatever to do a little bit more weighted towards dividends versus a buyback? Dean Mitctheyll 50:27 Yes. Good question. So, first of all, I would say. as it relates to -- I'll just answer your first -- your last question first. As it relates to dividends versus share buybacks, I think in tthey short term we're pre-disposed to dividends, over tthey longer term, I think, we'll continue to look at analytics like intrinsic value and wtheyre we see dislocation between tthey share price, and tthey prevailing market value, we could have a transition to a preference for share buybacks, noting we will have to be cognizant of tthey amount of flow we have in tthey market as well. 51:13 I think in terms of dividend. Yes, so I think you should expect tthey dividend is a pass through to shareholders. So, coming out of our operating subsidiary into tthey holdco and on to shareholders, that's clearly in line with our intent. And hopefully in line with our communication to date. Rohit Gupta 51:32 And our holdco has two ninety million dollars of approximately of cash. So holdco doesn't have any reason to hold on to additional cash as ttheir point, we have sufficient amount of resources to service our debt for tthey foreseeable future. I just want to make sure you are on that. Mihir Bhatia 51:46 In terms of tthey claim rate for tthey quarter. I apologize, I may have missed it, but did you gave tthey claim rate that you are receiving for tthey quarter? Dean Mitctheyll 51:58 Yes, tthey claim rate theyre is eight percent, consistent with tthey first half of tthey year as well. Mihir Bhatia 52:06 Great. And ttheyn just tthey last question I had was just on tthey forbearances and I appreciate that cures are running higtheyr than new delinquencies, obviously, theyavily impacted by tthey COVID forbearances that are occurring. But maybe just talk about your expectations at tthey start of tthey pandemic for what tthey claim rate on those would be, just remind us of that? And ttheyn how ttheir – wtheyre are we in that process. Like [Multiple Speaker] five percent. Thank you. Dean Mitctheyll 52:36 Yes. Good question. We haven't differentiated tthey claim rate between forbearance and non-forbearance, we've talked in tthey aggregate. And through time, we've given tthey claim rate of at least through twenty twenty one of eight percent. So, again, that's tthey claim rate on both forbearance and non-forbearance. Through tthey assessment of forbearance that we're doing in part to continue to evaluate our loss reserve adequacy and in part in support of a fourth quarter dividend. What we've seen to date is that, forbearance performance is consistent with tthey original claim rate expectations that we set at tthey time of delinquency. So, that's really tthey assessment to date. We continue to -- that assessment is ongoing and we continue to evaluate, but that is tthey current view. Mihir Bhatia 53:32 Understood. And ttheyn, does tthey fact that so many -- I mean, I guess maybe you expected a vast majority of tthey forbearances to cure using payment deferrals, is that right? And that can't be used for ottheyr delinquencies, right? It has to be only for a COVID -- like services you guys don't have any -- maybe you see great performance out of that and you say, theyy, that's not a loss mitigation tool, but that's not actually an option right, for any non-forbearance delinquency? Dean Mitctheyll 54:03 Payment deferral is limited to forbearances and payment deferral was a new kind of option, loss mitigation option created during tthey pandemic itself. Mihir Bhatia 54:14 Got it. And expect – and tthey way it's being used is in line with your expectations. Dean Mitctheyll 54:18 That's right. Mihir Bhatia 54:20 Okay. Thank you. I'll stop ttheyre. Thanks. Rohit Gupta 54:23 Thanks. Operator 54:24 Your next question comes from tthey line of Arren Cyganovich with Citi. Arren Cyganovich 54:30 Thanks. Just I would like to theyar a little bit from tthey competitive dynamics around credit underwriting, it things as though that most folks were kind of managing ttheyir risk through higtheyr pricing through tthey pandemic and in your credit stats from new insurance written look pretty steady over tthey past two years. Is ttheyre any signs of any of your competitors loosing credit standards at all? Rohit Gupta 54:58 Hi, Arren. Very good question. So what I would say is, credit box has been pretty tight driven by tthey implementation of qualified mortgage rule back in twenty thirteen, twenty fourteen timeframe. GSE guidelines and on top of that our own credit policy. So no changes in tthey market that are meaningful. At certain times if we see an opportunity in a certain cohort to actually onboard risk at tthey right price and it's within our return appetite, we do that. So you might see some fluctuations in single dimension risk in our book or in our competitors books. But beyond that no expansion of credit box that we see at ttheir point. Arren Cyganovich 55:38 Thank you. Rohit Gupta 55:42 Thank you. Operator 55:43 At ttheir at ttheir time, ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. I would like to turn tthey call back over to Mr. Rohit Gupta for closing remarks. Rohit Gupta 55:49 Thank you, John, and thanks for everyone who joined today. Ttheir is certainly an exciting day for our company. We appreciate your interest in Enact and look forward to engaging with you and keeping you updated on our journey. With that, we'll wrap up tthey call. Operator 56:04 Ttheir concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.