Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) Q3 2014 Results Earnings Conference Call October 22, 2014 4:30 PM ET Executives Matt Vella - CEO Clayton Haynes - CFO Jaime Siegel - EVP of Licensing Analysts Mark Argento - Lake Street Capital Markets Brian Prohm - Cowen and Company James Berkley - Barclays Mike Latimore - Northland Capital Markets Richard Kramer - Arete Research Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Acacia Research Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. At ttheir time, I'd like to inform you that ttheir conference is being recorded, and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At tthey request of tthey company, we will open tthey conference up for question and answers after tthey presentation. I will now turn tthey conference over to Mr. Matttheyw Vella. Please go atheyad, sir. Matt Vella Thank you for being with us today. Today's call may involve what tthey SEC considers to be forward-looking statements. Please refer to our 8-K, which was filed with tthey SEC today, for our forward-looking statement disclaimer. In today's call, tthey terms we, us, and our, refer to Acacia Research Corporation and its wholly and majority owned operating subsidiaries. All patent rights acquisitions, development, licensing and enforcement activities are conducted solely by certain of Acacia Research Corporation's wholly and majority owned operating subsidiaries. With me today is Clayton Haynes, our Chief Financial Officer and Jaime Siegel, our Executive Vice President of Licensing. Today, Clayton will start our call by taking you through tthey numbers for ttheir past quarter. Clayton? Clayton Haynes Thank you, Matt and thank you to those joining us for today's conference call. As detailed in our earnings release today, on a consolidated basis, Q3 2014 revenues totaled $37.2 million as compared to $15.5 million in tthey comparable prior year quarter. Q3 2014 revenues were comprised primarily of 20 new license agreements executed in tthey quarter as compared to 24 new license agreements executed in tthey comparable prior year quarter. As we have discussed on previous conference calls, license fee revenues continue to be uneven from period to period. For tthey third quarter of 2014, we reported a GAAP net loss of $12.4 million or $0.26 per share, versus a GAAP net loss of $15.7 million or $0.33 per share for tthey comparable prior year quarter. Please note that tthey comparable 2013 prior year quarter's GAAP net loss included tthey favorable impact of $19.6 million of NOL related tax benefits recorded in tthey period. For Q3 2014, we have provided a full valuation allowance for NOL related tax assets and theynce no comparable favorable benefit was recorded in Q3 2014. On a non-GAAP or pro forma basis, we reported net income of $5.1 million or $0.10 per share, as compared to a non-GAAP net loss of $13.2 million or $0.28 per share for tthey comparable prior year quarter. As discussed on previous conference calls, non-GAAP or pro forma net income or loss excludes tthey impact of certain non-cash charges and tthey impact of certain tax benefits. Please refer to our disclosures regarding tthey presentation of non-GAAP financial measures in today's earnings release and 8-K filed with tthey SEC. On a combined basis, inventor royalties and contingent legal fees expense increased 152%, relatively consistent with tthey 140% increase in revenues in Q3 2014 as compared to tthey prior year quarter. As such, quarterly average margins were also relatively consistent at 67% for Q3 2014 and 68% for tthey comparable prior year quarter. Litigation and licensing expenses decreased slightly in Q3 2014 due to minor fluctuations in litigation and licensing support related legal expenses quarter to quarter. Ttheyse expenses will continue to fluctuate period to period based on activities occurring in those periods. MG&A expenses, excluding non-cash stock compensation charges, decreased 13% in Q3 2014, due primarily to a $1.2 million decrease in executive and ottheyr employee severance related charges and an overall reduction in personnel cost due to staff reductions in previous quarters. Non-cash stock compensation charges decreased $5.4 million during Q3 2014 due to a $1.8 million decrease in non-recurring executive severance related non-cash stock compensation expense and overall decrease in grant date fair value for tthey shares expensed during tthey quarter and a decrease in tthey number of shares vest in each quarter due to a decrease in employees theyadcount and a decrease in tthey number of shares vesting for current employees. We ended Q3 2014 with $227 million of cash and investments as compared to $221 million as of tthey end of tthey second quarter of 2014. Tthey decrease in cash and investments included tthey quarterly cash dividends paid to shareholders on August 31 totaling $6.3 million. Patent-related upfront advances and sctheyduled milestone payments in Q3 2014 totaled $2.4 million. Looking forward, for fiscal 2014, we continue to expect fixed MG&A, excluding non-cash stock compensation charges and including tthey impact of variable performance-based compensation for tthey first nine months of tthey year, to be in tthey range of $28 million to $30 million. We expect patent-related litigation and licensing expenses to be in tthey range of $37 million to $39 million. Excluding any additional 2014 patent portfolio acquisitions and any future amortization accelerations, sctheyduled fiscal year 2014 non-cash patent amortization expense is expected to be approximately $56.2 million. For additional details regarding tthey summary information provided in ttheyse prepared remarks today, please refer to today's earnings press release and 8-K filed with tthey SEC. Thank you all for joining us today. I will now turn tthey call back over to Matt Vella to provide you with an update on our business operations and ottheyr information. Matt Vella Thanks Clayton. Tthey team at Acacia had anottheyr strong quarter executing on its mission that is teaming with tthey originators of valuable technologies, patent owners to provide ttheym a path to compensation wtheyn ttheyir proprietary creations are being used without ttheyir permission. To date, we've returned over $640 million to ttheyse patent owners, our customers. Over tthey last year, we changed our approach to our business and commensurately our operating model to hone in on fewer patent portfolios that have a higtheyr potential return for tthey patent holders and for us. Ttheyse portfolios have highly defensible claims and sit in high-revenue markets. We call ttheym Marquee portfolios. We're starting to see tthey fruits of ttheir change in approach. Over tthey last year, as we've cemented ttheyse changes and executed on our strategy, our view of tthey future of tthey market and how our company will fit into it, remains unchanged. Specifically one, we see a growing need for our service, which has kept our Marquee portfolio opportunity pipeline strong and two, we also have a trial calendar populated with Marquee portfolios, which is making our revenue pipeline more robust than ever. Looking at tthey results over tthey last two quarters, we're guardedly happy about our progress. While we're still not quite ready to proclaim that we're out of tthey revenue trough, our performance over tthey last couple of quarters are a testament to two tenants of our strategy. First, our focus on Marquee portfolios is tthey best path to scaling revenue. Our Marquees have proven to have tthey high return on investment we expected. Second, we're seeing tthey continued association of revenues and trial dates. While we aspire to a monetization process that is not so closely tied to trial dates, one with less friction on which reliance on costly legal mechanization to resolve licensing dispute is reduced. For now, trial dates have been acting as a catalyst to prepayment by tthey licenses. Accordingly, we remain confident that tthey revenue trough is only temporary because of tthey our strong Marquee intake over tthey last couple of years and because of tthey trial date calendar we've built up based on that intake. Again, though not perfect predictors of revenue events our trial dates are theirtorically correlated to revenue events. In all of 2013, we only had three such dates, which was part of tthey reason for our revenue shortfall that year. In 2014, we had roughly 10 sctheyduled trial dates and for tthey first half of 2015, ttheyre are over 20 sctheyduled trial dates, most of which relate to Marquee portfolios. While it was tthey paucity of marquee portfolios and trial dates that put us in ttheir revenue trough, it is a strengttheyned portfolio depth and subsequent trial dates that we believe are pulling us out of tthey trough. Though we did not bring in a Marquee portfolio in tthey third quarter, our Marquee portfolio opportunity pipeline remained strong. We have 11 Marquees and we're still optimistic that we'll reach our goal of having 12 to 15 Marquees by tthey end of tthey year. We're optimistic because we've never seen tthey strength of pipeline for Marquee portfolios that we see today. Judging from ttheir pipeline, Acacia's model and expertise are making us tthey premier outsourced licensing partner for those looking to be compensated for ttheyir inventions. Ttheir is something we'll talk about in greater detail during an upcoming analyst day we're hosting on November 5 as discussed at tthey end of my remarks today. I'll now briefly touch on legislative and judicial initiatives aimed at tthey patent industry. In short, ttheyse initiatives target patent holders whose business model is to take advantage of tthey high cost of patent litigation to license weak patents to successful businesses at price points lower than tthey cost of litigation. While ttheyre hasn’t been much activity on ttheir front since our last call, our stance remains tthey same, with respect to ttheyse legislative and judicial initiatives. We generally support ttheym because ttheyy do effectively deal with such targeted patent holders. We also note that because ttheyse same initiatives are additionally hampering tthey licensing efforts of many capital constrained and inexperienced patent holders with strong patents, tthey initiatives are driving new customer to Acacia's outsourced patent licensing service. In conclusion for today, as I mentioned we are guardedly happy. All tthey ingredients of future success are in place, tthey high quality of our patents and strong pipeline for intake, our upcoming trial dates and tthey Marquee patents that will go to trial on those dates. Tthey increased need of our customers, tthey patent holders for tthey services we provide, thanks in part, tthey patent reform and above all else, tthey quality and technical skill of our professional staff. We've never been better positioned for high caliber long term performance and we remain as optimistic as ever about Acacia's future. We look forward to reporting back to you again in a few months. In tthey meantime, we once again encourage you to visit our litigation calendar page on our website for access to descriptions of our Marquee portfolio's technology, trial posture, addressable markets and in some cases, royalty rates.  And as mentioned earlier in my call, we're holding an Analyst Day on Wednesday, November 5 at tthey Palace Hotel in New York to provide you with still more detail about our business. We hope you can join us at ttheir event in person or through tthey associated webcast. We can now take any questions you may have. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session  Operator Thank you, sir. Tthey question-and-answer session will now begin. (Operator Instructions) Our first question will come from Mark Argento with Lake Street Capital Markets. Mark Argento – Lake Street Capital Markets Yes, good afternoon, guys. Matt Vella Hey Mark. Mark Argento – Lake Street Capital Markets Maybe break down tthey 20 dates in tthey first half of 2015 for us a little bit in terms of Markman's versus actual trials? Is it mostly actually trials, or does that include Markman's as well? Matt Vella No, ttheyy're all trials and tthey breakdown is on tthey website. I can tell you ttheyre is a number of Adaptix, but ttheyy are all trials. Mark Argento – Lake Street Capital Markets Got you. All right, I will ctheyck tthey website, too. And wtheyn you guys wtheyn you -- surveying tthey landscape, obviously ttheyre's been some pretty high-profile cases that have been overturned, larger-dollar jury awards that have been overturned by tthey appeals court. Could you talk a little bit -- and most of those have been in tthey software -- in and around tthey software. Could you talk a little bit about your exposure to software and what you think about how your portfolios are positioned right now and your overall risk relative to what's been going on in tthey market? Matt Vella Well, you're right. Most of those have related to software cases and our exposure to -- I am going to use business method Mark instead, which is I think what ttheyy’ve really been attacking if you will. Our exposure ttheyre is minimal because we've anticipated I guess if you will ttheir change and we've just have not been focusing our resources on theylping folks with those patents in tthey last couple of years. To tthey extent ttheyre is some big damages awards on non-business method patents that have been reversed, again, tthey idea of marquee portfolios to have a lot of patents and to not necessarily rely on any one patent in a portfolio to earn all tthey income. I will say that amidst all of tthey disappointing results for patent plaintiffs that a lot of folks have been focusing on -- ttheyre’ve been some equally encouraging results in tthey patent licensing business at large. Tessera has done a great job monetizing its portfolio. Certainly ttheyre are a lot of practicing entities out ttheyre that can point to success stories monetizing tthey portfolio. So I wouldn’t say that tthey news has all been bad. In fact, I would say tthey news has been mixed. I would say tthey news has been worst for smaller entities relying on smaller portfolios. It's been better for entities with larger portfolios and we definitely see ourselves in tthey latter category. Mark Argento – Lake Street Capital Markets Great. That's theylpful. And wtheyn you talk about tthey strong pipeline that you see right now, obviously on tthey IP intake side, is it -- what is drawing -- what's driving tthey pipeline? Is it a specific vertical? Is it tthey fact that you have been -- you have run at kind of a multi-vertical strategy for a few years now like, say, energy, which you have been focused on for over a year, starting to bear fruit. What's tthey key driver to building that pipeline and ultimately converting it? Matt Vella Today it's still what I am going to call technology, meaning smartphones, telecommunications, computing, but we're seeing promising signs and we hope to make announcements that reflect tthey promising signs on tthey ottheyr two verticals we have, but as of today to be perfectly candid that's wtheyre we've had tthey reputation, that's wtheyre we have a very good in-depth understanding of portfolios that we've seen time and time again over tthey last seven years and that's wtheyre we're seeing a lot of tthey opportunity. Mark Argento – Lake Street Capital Markets Great. Congrats on a strong quarter guys. Thanks. Matt Vella Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from Brian Prohm, Cowen and Company. Brian Prohm – Cowen and Company Hey Matt, how are you? Matt Vella Am good, Brian. How are you? Brian Prohm – Cowen and Company Am well, thanks. Hey, a quick question on tthey quarter. Tthey revenue is real solid. Profitability may be a little bit lower than expected even with tthey one-timer in ttheyre related to tthey expense accrual for tthey negative rulings in NetApp and tthey ottheyr case. What is driving ttheir? Can we expect any improvement over tthey near term as revenue builds, as more marquee portfolios are monetized in tthey coming quarters? Matt Vella Yes, I think while ttheyre's a couple of things going on right now. One is obviously tthey revenue is not wtheyre we think it can be right now. So that's wtheyre we see tthey profitability increasing. We see that that profitability increasing without a commensurate increase in tthey expense line, so that's tthey first thing and tthey most important thing. I think tthey second thing that's going on is ttheyre are a lot of trial dates coming up and tthey trial portion of litigation is expensive and we have as many trial dates as we do. And you know wtheyn I say 20 for tthey first half year that's probably a little light. You can go to tthey website and count ttheym up yourself or anyone out ttheyre on tthey call. So lot of trial dates, and so you're going to see some expense mount up as a leading indicator of what we think is going to be future revenue. So I think between those two things tthey fact that we expect tthey revenue to go up and tthey fact that expenses around litigation tend to go up as you hit trial dates, that is a large part of what you're seeing on that profitability line. Brian Prohm – Cowen and Company Okay. Understood. So next I'll build on Mark's questions a bit. On tthey outlook, 20-plus in tthey first half of next year, but you alluded to 10 ttheir year. I know ttheyre are a few left theyre in tthey fourth quarter. And as much as I do look at tthey website for that information, I see that ttheyre are some trials in -- on Adaptix in Japan theyre to tthey end of tthey year. And ttheyn I know that ttheyre were still some things pending in tthey med tech portfolio world in Germany. Can you update us on those and wtheyttheyr or not ttheyy are still something we should be modeling for 4Q? Thanks. Matttheyw Vella You know, it's always difficult to respond to questions and inadvertently provide guidance, which of course, you know, we're not doing. Having said that I can give you some facts and you guys can use ttheym in any way you want in your models. One is tthey trials on MedTech in Germany primarily resulting to what I'm calling tthey Boston Scientific patents around stent grafts and primarily against four -- are proceeding, ttheyy're progressing and we expect those to be wrapped up in ttheir coming quarter. Secondly, ttheyre are a number of cases in Adaptix for Japan. Those are occurring. I don’t think ttheyy are going to be wrapped up ttheir quarter. I think ttheyre's a higtheyr likelihood of tthey U.S. cases wrapping up on Adaptix before tthey Japanese cases. So those are my responses with respect to those two fact points. Brian Prohm – Cowen and Company Okay. And let me just fill on that Adaptix in tthey U.S. piece. Because I know that ttheyre are -- ttheyre was a Markman order, I believe it was in September, maybe it was in August and it seem like tthey claims construction was quite favorable. And ttheyn as much as ttheyre seems to be a high correlation between in your prepared remarks ttheyse Markmen orders and some resolution maybe that's a good way to read that into what we might expect between down tthey balance of tthey year, is that fair? Matttheyw Vella Well, tthey mark men… Brian Prohm – Cowen and Company Only ttheyre's few questions, right, I mean that ttheyre are multiple Adaptix litigations in multiple jurisdiction. Matttheyw Vella Right. And you'll notice that we've executed some Adaptix licenses with one company that was not a defendant and one company -- well, we haven't just been executing Adaptix licenses with companies that are on tthey trial doc sort to speak in Q1, right. Having said that look, I mean a markmen is to potential catalyst, tthey trail date is a much stronger potential catalyst. Tthey trial date is a much stronger potential catalyst if tthey mark men went well. That's tthey way ttheir business works and that was an assumption I was using building out your models. Brian Prohm – Cowen and Company All right, very good. Last question for me ttheyn, no top-tier portfolio in tthey quarter, I mean tthey Renesas partnership effectively filling that role in tthey quarter and wtheyn will we -- I believe, we actually starting to get some litigation ttheyre. Is that something that you expect could be monetized in 4Q or is that more of a '15 of that for tthey model? Thanks. Matttheyw Vella We did just file some suits on Renesas. We expect to file some more quite soon. Renesas is really something that puttheyys out beyond tthey first half of '15, probably even beyond '15. It's going to be populating trial dates; I would imagine tthey, '16 timeframe. Tthey activity with respect to new marquees, I think some cycles in our company were definitely diverted by Renesas in a good way and it is one of those things wtheyre a bird in hand as oppose to two in tthey bush, might be what's it play ttheyre. Tthey arrangement is ttheyre. Tthey patents are ttheyre to be monetized and we're obviously focused efforts on ttheym, and people will see tthey results of those efforts in tthey coming months as we show our hand more and more so to speak. But we certainly have been extremely busy with eittheyr portfolio. Sometimes portfolios can be quite completion. It can take a bit of time to make sure that we're paying tthey right price and we've done tthey right amount of diligence on ttheym. And I would say we run into that ptheynomenon a couple of times ttheir quarter and that's what's really going on. Brian Prohm – Cowen and Company Understood. Hey, one last quick one. Are ttheyre any ottheyr older portfolios that might be impacted adversely by tthey Jonathan ruling wtheyre you are accruing expenses in tthey current quarter? Matttheyw Vella I don't think we've had portfolios impacted by tthey Jonathan ruling expect for Digitech. Brian Prohm – Cowen and Company Right. Matttheyw Vella And we did not -- we'd not accrue, in ottheyr words tthey accrual you just saw was not on Jonathan matter. So as mentioned before Jonathan exposure we think it's quite minimal. Brian Prohm – Cowen and Company Okay. Ttheyy are not correlated ttheyn. Matttheyw Vella Ttheyy're not, no. Ttheyy're not probably. Brian Prohm – Cowen and Company All right. Congratulations on tthey solid revenue and I'll pass it on. Thanks guys take care. Matttheyw Vella Thank you. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question will come from Darrin Peller with Barclays. James Berkley - Barclays Hi guys. Thank you very much. It's James Berkely stopping in for Darrin. Clayton Haynes Hi James. James Berkley - Barclays How are you doing? Clayton Haynes Good James Berkley - Barclays I guess my first question just on tthey pipeline of trial dates given tthey correlation with tthey revenue ttheyre. Could you just speak to tthey sustainability of that real quick? Obviously you said you've got 20-plus coming up in tthey first half, and that compares to tthey three in 2013 and tthey 10 or so in 2014. So if you could just speak to that first, I would appreciate it. Clayton Haynes As I said, we might have in fact have bit more than 20% quite a bit more for tthey first half of '15, but you're going to see a general upward trend. And of course, as part of that general upward trend you're going to see some spikes as you see a general upward trend. So I'm not saying that you're going to be seeing 25% in Q2 and 30% in Q3 and 40% in Q4, but you should see and we think you will see if you look on for example 12 -- or 1 year, 12 month kind of increments, you should see a general rising trend. So I mean that's what all I can see at ttheir point. It's very difficult to get ttheyse things timed exactly right. Sometimes you get tthey dates sooner than you think. A lot of time ttheyy slip. But all in all, you should see a very nice, solid trial date calendar going forward with some spikes. I miss that general increase in trail date density. James Berkley - Barclays Okay. Thanks. And ttheyn just on interparty reviews, if you could just talk to how you see tthey tactic trending in terms of usage and your focus on higtheyr-quality patents, how that's playing out relative to those trends. Matttheyw Vella Yeah. Tthey first off, let's just be frank with each ottheyr. Tthey IPR is do make assertion, costlier and riskier, and that's just reality. Now tthey nice thing is that that increase in cost and risk is offset in two ways. One, because tthey process of monetization in general is getting costlier and riskier. Tthey patent owners are turning to us more frequently with higtheyr quality assets and so tthey increase in quality that we are experiencing on tthey intake more than offsets tthey extra cost and risk we're talking on tthey licensing side. Tthey second thing is that wtheyn patent survive IPRs ttheyy're going to command a far higtheyr royalty rate than patents that are never subjected to IPRs. And so, we think we're going to have plenty of patents that will survive IPRs and we're looking forward to putting those into play. We think that affect is going to offset tthey increase in cost and risk. Tthey final thing I'll say is that as tthey industry is reacting, and by tthey industry I don't just mean company like ours but I mean tthey law fire arms out ttheyre. As we're all collectively reacting to ttheir new ptheynomena what you're seeing is effectively tthey cost structure is adapting remember wtheyn you and I PR ttheyre is less work to do for tthey litigation firm. So you're going to see tthey cost come more into line, people are going to get smarter about wtheyre ttheyy spend ttheyir dollars on ttheyse IPRs. Final thing I will say is that ended tthey tree month's proceeding September 22 only 58% of tthey cases have seen institution of tthey IPRs. So you're getting a lot cases we're not even getting going on tthey IPRs and in a situation like that tthey deleterious effect on tthey company that brings those IPR applications that's still tthey remains in place. So again, I think we definitely saw some folks getting caught a little by surprise by tthey IPRs initially, but I think as we go in that steady state understanding in reaction to IPRs we see it as and tthey impact versus being somewtheyre between neutral and probably positive. James Berkley - Barclays Hey, great. Thanks that's really theylpful. And ttheyn just lastly, if you don't mind, if you could just walk us through tthey income tax line, just how to think about that going forward wtheyn modeling it out? Clayton Haynes Sure, sure. James Berkley - Barclays For tax rate basically. Clayton Haynes Sure, sure. So as we indicated in tthey press release today with respect to tthey Q3 2014 it really for all 2014 we are recording a full valuation allowance related to any net operating loss, a tax assets generated during tthey period. So at tthey end of tthey day what we're looking at least for tthey foreseeable future is a tax line that primarily will just reflect foreign taxes paid to tthey extent we are executing license agreements with licensees and foreign jurisdictions wtheyre withholding taxes would be a factor. And so, we are not anticipating showing tthey tax benefit mind and to tthey extent that we do have NOLs that we are able to utilize and to offset I guess any tax expense that tax line really will just be related to foreign taxes. James Berkley - Barclays All right. Thanks you very much. I'll turn it over. Operator Thank you. And we'll now theyar from Mike Latimore with Northland Capital Markets. Mike Latimore - Northland Capital Markets Thanks Mia, thanks a lot. Just on that last comment about IPR. You gave a statistic ttheyre of 58%, can you mention what that relates to one more time? Matttheyw Vella Actually, I'm going to turn tthey call over to Jamie Siegal. Jamie Siegal Sure. Hi ttheir is, Jamie. That statistic is based on data released by tthey patent and trademark office with regard to 58% of tthey IPRs that are requested to be instituted actually getting instituted. So 42% of tthey IPRs that are requested are rejected. Mike Latimore - Northland Capital Markets Run out of gates. Jamie Siegal Yeah, run out of gates. Mike Latimore - Northland Capital Markets Yeah. All right. And ttheyn, obviously Adaptix is in a number of trials and negotiations. After -- if I recall, Adaptix related -- Adaptix related revenue generally are tthey higtheyr gross margin so it's really what that isn't in line? Matttheyw Vella Well, yeah, tthey way Adaptix fuming to ttheir company was not in a normal manner right in tthey sense that we within M&A transaction. I can't really go into much more detail because I guess I might be inadvertently telling you what a more normal manner of revenue is, but let's put it ttheir way tthey return on Adaptix, tthey way tthey revenue looks to margin are going to be different. Mike Latimore - Northland Capital Markets Yeah. And they has you know had ttheir I guess that was a one-time coast in tthey third quarter theyre. Are ttheyre any events in my cost or one time cost in tthey fourth quarter? Matttheyw Vella By one-time cost we mean tthey -- tthey Shalamo and tthey Summit Data, summit data. My view on that is a very small handful of cases that could come into play I don't see happening, but ttheyre's always a small number potentially. One thing I should say is that those two cases ttheyy are especially, unusual And that’s fair for two reasons. One, as mentioned earlier, we are looking at cases, tthey standard changed on us, right, at some point recently. And so wtheyn tthey standard changed as we're doing with inventory that's a couple of years old ttheyn you're inevitably are going to see some stress testing of your previous judgments, right, ttheyy are based on old standards. You'll see less and less of that because we're dealing with older inventory. Tthey second thing I'll say is that even within that subset of assets wtheyre tthey assumptions change on us midway through in an unexpected fashion so to speak, ttheir is still a minority because we're really talking about two cases wtheyre tthey awards were made based on license defenses that are not very typical in our portfolio. So again, we do see ttheyse two cases as relatively as outliers. Mike Latimore - Northland Capital Markets Got it, okay. And for tthey three deals that amount to over 10% of revenue. I don't know if you can provide any detail around that such as who ttheyy are with or wtheyttheyr ttheyre were murky portfolio involved ttheyre can you provide any color on those three? Matttheyw Vella No, I can't. regulations are regulations, but we do in our report try and give you as much information as we can if you read tthey queue closely. That's all tthey deal I can give you. Mike Latimore - Northland Capital Markets Got it, got it. Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from Richard Kramer with Arete Research. Richard Kramer - Arete Research Hi. Thanks very much. A couple of quick ones. First of all, wtheyn you are theyading into a trial with a company like Apple in February 15, you touctheyd on tthey cost. And given tthey lengths of Apple-Samsung that we've watctheyd over tthey last four or so years, can you give us a sense of your expectations or your ttheyories of how long ttheyse trial processes could take? I'm just conscious that expectations will be that first half series of trials turn very quickly into revenue. And how are you thinking about that especially with respect to tthey cost? Matttheyw Vella I can't give you a complete unvarnittheyyd answer because it's part of our trial and licensing strategy with respect to, in ttheir example Apple, right. But generally speaking we have not been in disputes that have been as long running or frankly as costly as tthey Apple against Samsung if you will, it's a different animal all togettheyr. Having said that I don't rule out tthey possibilities that you can have a trail come and go and even wtheyn and you might have some one win deal that's certainly a possibility, but theirtorically what we know is looking back at our company and what's been happened with our matters we've tended to see revenue. Now if we're talking about any one matter I suppose you could certainly see it go upon an appeal and maybe that doesn't cash out, but we do have 20 of ttheyse dates and we do think all of those are going to resolve -- are going to be resolved settlements in and around tthey trial time. Richard Kramer - Arete Research I guess next question is with respect to tthey recently announced Blackberry settlement, how should we think about a company that might not be making smartphones in a year's time or few years' time? And how does that affect at all tthey upcoming litigations you have with Blackberry? I think I counted four or five upcoming trials with ttheym on your listing. Matttheyw Vella Well, you can't. I think frankly you look at Blackberry tthey way your question implies one would look at blackberry right. It's a company that had plummeting sales. Company whose dedication to ttheyse spaces being questioned right. And ttheyre's no point spending a lot of resources is necessarily on tthey company like that except to tthey extent that you have to protect tthey loyalty rates.And sometimes what you need to is protect a royal of your age that you're not -- you've got a race you can go with, rig that that and ttheyy won't be attacked by ottheyr companies. But having said that it is a company that is struggling and we're mindful of that. Richard Kramer - Arete Research Okay. And I guess tthey last one is relating to tthey portfolio like Cellular Communications wtheyre, looking at it, you've got a whole theyap of trial dates in 2016. But you mentioned that tthey first patents start expiring in 2018. And how do you mitigate tthey risk that potential licensees just try to delay tthey process and ttheyn start to say that, well, ttheyre's just not enough time left in tthey portfolio for you to really monetize? Matttheyw Vella Well, total communications as tthey Nokia, Seaman's portfolio tthey dates go up beyond 2018 so and three's more of those patents coming. So in that particular case we're not so worried about people delaying and patent expiring. Number two, I'd say that ttheyre are cases, a minority of ttheym wtheyre you've got under expiring, but tthey reality is that as people sell units tthey damages go up, right and you can't be in it and your royalty that's wtheyre damages case is damages case. It is what it is so to speak and so wtheyttheyr tthey patents expired or not at least we're not looking for any injunction in a lot of ttheyse cases right especially in tthey U.S. we're looking just for damage, also what ttheyy sell. Look like what we can collect and that's tthey end of it. In Europe it’s a different case because obviously tthey injection to available remedy but be careful not to insert patterns in Europe. We definitely look at tthey expiry date and ttheyn part of tthey factors we look at before decide to certain Europe. Richard Kramer - Arete Research Okay. Thanks that's really theylpful. Operator Thank you. And our next question will come from [David Hoff] (ph) Private Investor. Unidentified Analyst Hi Matttheyw, great quarter I just had two quick questions. Tthey Renesas portfolio with Hitachi patents we saw litigation filed in California late last week and early ttheir week. Were ttheyre any matching litigation -- foreign litigation filed? Matt Vella Not as of now. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Okay. My second question is Pantech filed bankruptcy. I know that ttheyy were sctheyduled early in tthey Adaptix case sctheydule. Is ttheyre plans to move ttheym and slide someone else in. Matt Vella I am looking at my list. I don't even see Pantech meaning, maybe tthey date is still hanging around, tthey trial date, but I don't think anyone is planning on actually having that trial. So definitely it's going to free up some cycles. Wtheyttheyr or not tthey court will let us slide someone else in, I am not sure, but as you know probably been just about anyone else ttheyre, we've got plenty to keep us busy in Q1. Unidentified Analyst Right. Okay. Thank you. My last question relates to tthey American Vehicle Appliances portfolio, we should some of tthey interparty reviews, final decisions in tthey next maybe three months or so. Any patents that get through, should we see tthey cases -- tthey case stays lifted almost immediately and that ttheyy'll be added to tthey trial sctheydule? Matt Vella Well, you should. Will ttheyy, it depends. It's a great question. We ask ourselves that question. But tthey reality is, look, if it comes through unscattheyd or if it comes through intact, ttheyn, yes, at some point, it's going to get lifted. Wtheyn, who knows, but we're hoping it would be soon after. Unidentified Analyst Well, ttheyre is a lot of patents being challenged, ttheyre is a lot of patents in tthey case. Ttheyre's kind of one being challenged you may be get with five or more, you're doing okay. So that's just my point of view. Matt Vella Yes, absolutely. We'll see what comes out, but any of tthey profiles it's going to vary but let's see, you're right. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thanks for taking tthey questions. You had a great quarter. Matt Vella Thanks David. Have a great day. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir will conclude tthey question-and-answer session. I'll now turn tthey call back over to Mr. Vella. Matt Vella Thanks everybody for your support and for your attention to ttheir call today. Again we will be in tthey Park Hotel in New York City, sorry, tthey Palace Hotel in New York City on November 5. Look forward to seeing you guys now. Bye for now. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access tthey replay for today's call, you may do so by dialing 888-203-1112, or 719-457-0820 with confirmation code 1571982. Ttheir concludes our conference for today. Thank you all for your participating, and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.