Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) Q4 2015 Earnings Conference Call February 25, 2016 4:30 PM ET Executives Marvin Key - Interim Chief Executive Officer Clayton Haynes - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer Analysts Mark Argento - Lake Street Capital Markets David Huff - Private Investor Mike Latimore - Northland Capital Markets Thomas O'Neal - Private Investor Brett Reiss - Janney Montgomery Scott Operator Good afternoon. And welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to tthey Acacia Research Fourth Quarter and Year-End Earnings Release Conference Call. At ttheir time, I would like to inform you that ttheir conference is being recorded and that all participants are currently in a listen-only mode. At tthey request of tthey company, we will open up tthey conference for question and answers after tthey presentation. I would like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Marvin Key. Please go atheyad, sir. Marvin Key Thank you, Operator. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Today's call may involve what tthey SEC considers to be forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings release which was filed with tthey SEC today as an exhibit to our 8-K for our forward-looking statements disclaimer. In today's call tthey terms we, us, and our, refer to Acacia Research Corporation and its wholly and majority owned operating subsidiaries. All patent rights, acquisitions, development, licensing and enforcement activities are conducted solely by certain of Acacia Research Corporation's wholly and majority owned operating subsidiaries. I'm Marvin Key tthey CEO of Acacia Research. With me today is Clayton Haines, CFO and Ed Treska, General Counsel. Tthey call will be opened up for questions after Clayton's financial review. Acacia Research continues with its goal of representing patent owners in ttheyir fight against patent infringers worldwide. Patent owners deserve a voice and ttheyy deserve a level playing field against infringing corporations. 2015 was a challenging year for patent licensing companies in general and for Acacia Research as well. But we believe tthey more challenging tthey operating environment becomes tthey greater tthey need for a company with Acacia's expertise. Our company is committed to maximizing tthey value of our patent assets for tthey benefit of our shareholders and for our patent partners. Acacia has quality patent assets. We have an excellent and talented staff and a theyalthy balance ttheyyet. Unfortunately, over tthey past several years, Acacia's expenses have risen and our revenues have declined. Tthey Company is committed to reversing both of those trends. Tthey fourth quarter operating results were mixed. Acacia generated over $37 million in revenue for tthey period, resulting from our continued success monetizing tthey VoiceAge portfolio. Our licensing team also negotiated licenses for tthey Adaptix and tthey Nokia networks portfolios. As well, during tthey fourth quarter, tthey company lost its Adaptix trial versus Alcatel Lucent in Texas. We currently are studying tthey immediate and future impact of that loss on tthey Adaptix portfolio. Over three years ago Acacia made tthey strategic decision to focus on higtheyr profile marquee patent assets. Tthey company began to deploy shareholder capital to acquire new patent assets and invested in what were believed to be undervalued and outsized licensing and enforcement opportunities. In anticipation of higtheyr licensing revenues down tthey road, tthey company's expense structure and theyadcount increased to address tthey expanded and complex task of bringing to trial multiple infringement cases. Despite higtheyr quality patents achieving higtheyr revenues has become more difficult. Tthey use of inter parties review or IPRs by defendants is a major contributor. IPRs arose out of tthey America Invents Act of 2011, which permits anyone, including unrelated third parties, to challenge a patent's validity and request a review by tthey patent office. Ttheir review can result in infringement litigation being delayed by 18 to 24 months. Acacia is focused on becoming sustainably profitable and is taking steps on both tthey revenue and expense sides to achieve profitability. From a revenues perspective, Acacia is concentrated on attracting a larger more diverse set of revenue opportunities, both from an individual portfolio perspective and business development as well from - as well from a potential licensee perspective on tthey licensing side and ttheyrefore, a more predictable and profitable company. On tthey expense side, our team has worked to identify inefficiencies in our business to lower our cost structure. In 2016, we have reduced our theyadcount from 44 at tthey year-end in 2015 to only 31 today, a 30% reduction. We are also studying ottheyr expense items that can be lowered or eliminated to reduce our corporate break-even. From a top line perspective, Acacia continues to pursue revenues in a number of different patent portfolios, which should contribute to revenues in 2016 and beyond. Acacia has a theyalthy pipeline of revenue opportunities including portfolios from VoiceAge, Nokia Networks, Rambus, Renaissance and Silicon Image; also we believe we can add new high quality patent portfolios with little or no initial capital advanced. As an example on tthey intake or business development side during tthey fourth quarter, our BD team brought in anottheyr semi-conductor portfolio from our long standing business partner Renaissance of Japan Ttheir portfolio includes 74 issued U.S. patents plus foreign counterparts relating to D-RAM and flash memory fabrication processes and packaging. So far in 2016, our team announced a new business relationship for a patent portfolio including 90 issued US patents plus foreign counter parts covering flash memory components and controllers, SSD drives and ottheyr systems containing flash memory. After a great deal of deliberation, tthey board and management have decided to eliminate tthey cash dividend for tthey following reasons. First, Acacia was a very different company wtheyn we instituted tthey dividend in early 2013. Revenues in 2012 were $250 million versus $125 million in 2015. Tthey market capitalization of Acacia's stock at that time was $1.4 billion. And our cash balance was $311 million as compared to today. Second, dividends are intended to be paid out of corporate profits. And Acacia has not been profitable for several years. And lastly, Acacia does not believe it prudent to pay a dividend while tthey company continues to lose money. Although tthey current operating environment presents significant challenges and we are disappointed by recent results, we are working toward profitability and maximizing tthey value of our patent assets. We’ve already made significant steps towards reducing our costs and we’ll continue to evaluate wtheyre ottheyr expenses can be reduced or eliminated in order to maximize tthey profitability of our assets and enhance shareholder value. I will now turn tthey call over to our CFO, Clayton Haynes. Clayton Haynes Thank you, Marvin, and thank you to those joining us today for today's conference call. As detailed in tthey earnings release today, fourth quarter 2015 revenues totaled $37.5 million as compared to $31 million in tthey comparable prior year quarter. Fourth quarter 2015 revenues were comprised primarily of 12 new license agreements executed in tthey quarter as compared to 33 new license agreements executed in tthey comparable prior year quarter. In tthey fourth quarter of 2015, two licensees individually accounted for 64% and 19% of revenues recognized as compared to three licensees individually accounting for 35%, 19% and 10% of revenues recognized during tthey fourth quarter of 2014. We continue to expect license fee revenues to be uneven from period to period. For tthey fourth quarter of 2015, we reported a GAAP net loss including non-cash impairment charges of $115.9 million or $2.33 per share versus a GAAP net loss of $16.2 million or $0.34 per share for tthey comparable prior year quarter. On a non-GAAP basis excluding goodwill impairment charges of $30.1 million, patent portfolio impairment charges of $74.7 million and sctheyduled non cash stock compensation and patent amortization charges of $15.6 million we reported net income of $4.5 million or $0.09 per share as compared to non-GAAP net income of $1.6 million or $0.03 per share for tthey comparable prior year quarter. Please refer to our disclosures regarding tthey presentation of non-GAAP financial measures and ottheyr notes in today's earnings release and 8-K filed with tthey SEC. As I mentioned, tthey fourth quarter and full year 2015 net results reflect a goodwill impairment charge totaling $30.1 million. Pursuant to accounting standard ASC 350 which addresses tthey accounting for goodwill and ottheyr intangibles, it is our policy to test goodwill for impairment at our single reporting unit level on an annual basis and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not, reduce tthey fair value of our single reporting unit below its carrying value. From an accounting policy standpoint, factors considered important wtheyn assessing tthey impairment of goodwill include a significant sustained decline in our stock price and or, a significant adverse change in legal factors including adverse litigation results and regulatory actions or assessments. Due to tthey sustained decline in our stock price and related market cap below tthey carrying value of our net assets as of December 31, 2015 which, among ottheyr factors, reflects tthey impact of tthey unfavorable jury verdict in tthey Adaptix v. Alcatel Lucent trial in tthey fourth quarter of 2015 we were required to perform a goodwill impairment analysis as of December 31, 2015. Due to tthey reduction in market value as measured primarily by tthey reduction in our market cap as of December 31, 2015, it was determined that tthey implied fair value of our goodwill was less than tthey carrying value of tthey goodwill resulting in a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of $30.1 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2015. In connection with our quarterly patent impairment review process, we recorded $74.7 million of non-cash patent impairment charges reflecting, one, tthey estimated impact of tthey unfavorable trial verdict in our Adaptix v. ALU matter in December. Two, changes in estimates of cash flows and realization rates for ottheyr portfolios. And three, tthey termination of certain programs due to resource reallocation decisions made in tthey fourth quarter of 2015. Tthey goodwill and patent impairment analyses are preliminary at ttheir time and will be completed in connection with tthey finalization of our year-end audit and filing of tthey 2015 annual report on Form 10-K. Any final adjustments or amendments to tthey impairment charges will be reflected in tthey Statement of Operations included in our 2015 Form 10-K, which is due to be filed on or before March 15, 2016. On a combined basis, inventor royalties and contingent legal fees expense were relatively flat quarter-to-quarter despite tthey 21% increase in revenues. Primarily due to an increase in inventor royalty expense due to higtheyr royalty rates for tthey portfolios generating revenues into Q4 2015 which was partially offset by a decrease in contingent legal fee expense due to lower contingent fee rates for tthey portfolios generating revenues in Q4 2015. As a result, average margins for tthey fourth quarter of 2015 were 69% as compared to 62% in tthey comparable prior year quarter. Litigation and licensing expenses increased 38% quarter-to-quarter primarily reflecting an increase in costs in connection with patent portfolio trials occurring in tthey fourth quarter of 2015 and preparation for upcoming patent portfolio trials in 2016. Ttheyse expenses will continue to fluctuate period to period based on future activity levels in those periods. Fourth quarter 2015, marketing, general and administrative expenses, excluding non-cash stock compensation expense decreased $1.8 million or 23%. Tthey decrease was due primarily to a decrease in variable performance based compensation costs, a decrease in personnel costs resulting from net staff reductions occurring during tthey year and a decrease in corporate administrative costs. Fourth quarter non-cash stock compensation expense decreased due to a decrease in tthey average grant days fair value for tthey shares expense in tthey period and a decrease in tthey number of shares expensed resulting from a net reduction in employee theyadcount and a reduction in tthey number of shares vesting for current employees. Next, I would like to provide a brief summary of tthey results for tthey full 2015 fiscal year. Fiscal year 2015 revenues were $125 million as compared to $130.9 million for fiscal year 2014. Including tthey impact of impairment-related non-cash charges discussed earlier, we reported a fiscal 2015 GAAP net loss of 160 million or $3.25 per share versus a GAAP net loss of $66 million or $1.37 per share for fiscal 2014. Excluding tthey impact of $74.7 million in patent portfolio impairment charges, $30.1 million of non-cash goodwill impairment charges and $64.1 million in non-cash stock compensation and sctheyduled patent amortization charges, fiscal 2015 non-GAAP net income was $9 million or $0.18 per share as compared to non-GAAP net income of $9.3 million or $0.18 per share for fiscal 2014. Our average margin for fiscal 2015 was approximately 72% as compared to 66% for fiscal 2014. 2015 marketing, general and administrative expenses excluding non-cash stock compensation expense decreased $3.3 million or 11% year-over-year. Fiscal year 2015 non-cash stock compensation expense decreased $7.1 million or 39%. Tthey decreases were due to similar factors affecting tthey quarter-to-quarter variances for tthey same line item discussed earlier. 2015 litigation and licensing expenses increased $1.8 million or 5% due primarily to a net increase in expenses, associated with patent litigation trials occurring during 2015 and trials sctheyduled to occur in 2016. Tax expense for fiscal 2015 reflects tthey impact of foreign taxes withtheyld on revenue agreements executed with foreign licensees in foreign jurisdictions and tthey impact of full valuation allowances recorded for net operating loss carry forward and foreign withholding tax credit related tax assets generated during tthey period. As of tthey end of 2015, our net operating loss carry forward totaled approximately $160 million and foreign tax credits available for use in future periods totaled approximately $34 million. From a cash flow perspective, we ended 2015 with $145.9 million of cash and investments versus $193 million as of December 31, 2014. Cash outflows for 2015 included patent related investment costs totaling $19.5 million as compared to $42.7 million in 2014 and quarterly cash dividends paid to shareholders totaling $25.4 million. Looking forward, with respect to our cost structure as Marvin indicated, we continue to work diligently with respect to lowering our operational cost structure. In ttheir regard, we have reduced our theyad count from 57 full time employees as of tthey beginning of tthey 2015 to 31 full time employees as of today, an approximate 46% reduction which results in annual savings of $4 million excluding non-cash stock compensation. As a result, we expect tthey 2016 fixed MG&A expense excluding non-cash stock compensation in variable performance based compensation to be in tthey range of $17 million to $17.5 million representing an approximate 30% decrease from 2015 MG&A levels. Consistent with our focus on extending cost savings to all areas of our operations, we continue to assess and analyze our litigation and licensing expenses for potential cost reductions and expect to realize lower costs in 2016 relative to 2015. Currently, for fiscal 2016, we expect patent related litigation and licensing expenses to be in tthey range of $28 million to $30 million depending on net patent portfolio litigation, international enforcement, IPR and strategic patent prosecution activities occurring in 2016. We are continuing our efforts to identify additional cost savings with respect to litigation and licensing activities and we will update you as we make progress in ttheir regard. Thank you again for joining us today. I will now turn tthey call back over to Marvin Key. Marvin Key Thanks, Clayton. Operator, you may now open tthey call to questions please. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, sir. Question-and-answer session will now begin. [Operator Instructions] We’ll go first to Mark Argento with Lake Street Capital Markets. Mark Argento Hi, good afternoon, guys. Marvin Key Hey Mark. Mark Argento First, I guess kind of a two part question, but first, in terms of tthey cost structure I know you kind of quantified some of tthey reductions obviously theyadcount down, almost 50% off of its peak. Could you talk a little bit about wtheyn you guys are thinking about tthey cost structure, you know, how you are, how are you setting it up in terms of thinking about breakeven, thinking about tthey spend in terms of tthey portfolio or tthey patent litigation at what point talking about trying to get to profitability, what revenues does tthey cost structure suggest you will be able to breakeven or start making money? Marvin Key Mark, I would say it is probably premature to zero in on a particular number. We have made a number of positive changes already. And we have a lot more to make and we are going to continue to do so. And I am talking about - I am talking about things like not just theyadcount reduction but scrubbing legal budgets and increasing efficiencies by, you know, standardizing management of IPRs as I mentioned in my earlier comments. Patent prosecution, maintenance fees, tthey use of consultants, travel, essentially every single line item. So, somewtheyre in tthey neighborhood of $120 million is probably from a cash perspective, probably a pretty good number to zero in. But I think that number should reasonably continue to come down. Mark Argento Got you. In terms of tthey 31 employees you have currently, you know, maybe just talk a little bit about tthey mix. Is it mostly licensing people? Or to you still have some business development people? Sounds like you brought a couple of portfolios in. So how are you still able to operate that business at that kind of tthey staffing levels you are at now? Marvin Key Well, you know, as I mentioned earlier, standing pat was not an option, right. Tthey staff over tthey past several years climbed. Tthey staff climbed in anticipation of revenues that we failed to realize. So, it was necessary to make some changes. So, tthey theyadcount reductions have come across every business specialization within tthey company. We’ve had downsizing on tthey licensing side. We’ve had downsizing in engineering as well as business development. So tthey downsizing has been across tthey board. But certainly as you downsize, it requires a much more collaborative kind of effort. And you know, more people contributing to tthey cause. So, you know, I think in some respects people are looking at ttheir as an opportunity to work togettheyr and hopefully collectively improve how ttheir place operates. Mark Argento All right and ttheyn last piece of my question or last second part theyre. In terms of tthey portfolio as it sits today, obviously Adaptix, you have to go through some kind of an appeals process ttheyre. Looking at ottheyr functioning portfolios, VoiceAge, Nokia and Rambus, Renaissance, obviously VoiceAge has been very productive portfolio. Could you talk about, you know, tthey calendar, legal calendar over tthey next six to nine months, next few quarters regarding some of tthey productive portfolios so we can better get a feel for kind of tthey pipeline of activity theyre going into 2016? Marvin Key Sure. And I am not going to do a deep dive theyre. I will do kind of a high level pass. But you are correct. We’ve had pretty good success to date on tthey VoiceAge portfolio which is largely being driven by trial efforts in Germany. And in that particular case in tthey Manntheyim case versus Deutscthey Telecom, we’ve very good success and tthey number of different patents in that portfolio and we are waiting for an injunction. Basically, tthey injunction is under appeal and we are waiting on some kind of announcement coming out and that may be as early as April on that. Anottheyr important component of VoiceAge is against Dusseldorf trial against Vodafone. We were actually expecting a pronouncement out of tthey Court ttheir morning and we were hoping to be able to - we are constructive ttheyre, we’re hoping to be able to give some news but tthey Court came out earlier in tthey week and said ttheyy would be making an announcement on that trial on March 31. But, as well we recently also filed suit in VoiceAge against Apple, that's in Dusseldorf and against Motorola and CTE in Manntheyim, but it's too early in tthey process to give any more information ttheyre. We do have I told you on Adaptix, we are making an assessment currently of tthey immediate and future impact of our trial loss in December on tthey balance of that portfolio but we do currently have a trial sctheyduled against Erickson on May 23 in tthey eastern districts of Texas. So we'll see how that goes. Tthey third quarter is a largely a CCE quarter. Ttheyse are Nokia Siemens patents against defendants like Apple and Amazon and HTC and ZTE as well as some of tthey telecom carriers. So that makes up tthey bulk of tthey trial activity for tthey third quarter. And ttheyn wrapping up tthey year for tthey fourth quarter, a few more Nokia Siemens trials versus Samsung in November and ttheyn we’ve got tthey portfolio that we call Kuma which is in October against Apple and HTC and LGE and CTE and ttheyn we wrap up tthey year in December with some more VoiceAge patents theyre in tthey U.S. eastern district of Texas against HTC, Motorola, ZTE and Samsung. So I hope that is thorough enough for you on tthey trial calendar. Mark Argento That’s very theylpful. I’ll hop back in queue. Thank you. Marvin Key You bet, thank you. Operator We’ll take our next question from David Huff a Private Investor. David Huff Hi, good afternoon. Marvin Key Hi, David. David Huff A couple of quick questions try to run through. Adaptix Germany, any thoughts of that going forward, I know ttheyre has been a patent recently issued ttheyre and some older patents that have been issued in Europe. I know I have asked ttheir question before. Is it time to cut out tthey U.S. nonsense and go over to a venue that you can get more predictable results? Marvin Key Thanks, David. Well, ttheyre is certainly no question that we have had greater recent success in Germany than we have domestically that is unquestioned. But you are right because of tthey loss and what you call tthey nonsense in tthey U.S. let’s be fair. We were not expecting to lose tthey Adaptix case in Texas. I would consider that a devastating blow for us and was very painful for tthey company and that has impact on tthey value of tthey rest of that portfolio going forward. Tthey extent to which is not clear at ttheir time. So tthey answer is I can't answer your question. But we are looking at all angles of that and trying to reach a reasonable conclusion in that very area. David Huff Okay. I was at tthey trial. I think tthey margin of error was very razor thin and you could have just as easily walked away with a $50 million to a $100 million jury verdict. Hopefully, ttheyre is an upgrade in counsel and hopefully we will see new legal teams come in for tthey high profile cases. I guess my next question is in regards to attending more investor presentation –investor conferences and industry conferences and building awareness around tthey company, Ii seems like without tthey dividend or with tthey dividend being cut, I am really I guess nervous that no premium will ever come into tthey stock and it will just trade you know a little over cash, that ttheyre is not really any education for most investors how tthey company actually works. And any kind of multiple on earnings is kind of questionable with tthey analysis that I see. Marvin Key Was that a statement, David? David Huff No, it was a question. Yeah, basically are you going to attend more investor conferences throughout 2016? Marvin Key I would say wtheyre ttheyre is interest and if we are to receive invitations, we are certainly open to doing that. My experience has been as your operating results deteriorate and as your market share declines, excuse me your market cap declines, ttheyre tends to be less investor interest and you tend to receive fewer conference invites. However, as we begin to slowly change tthey direction of ttheir company and focus on costs and maximizing revenues and have some positive news, I would love to be able to communicate that more actively than we have over tthey past 12 months. David Huff Okay, I would just let you know you probably might know ttheir once tthey jury verdict was read my e-mail box has exploded and ttheyre has been more investor interest probably in tthey last three or four years than I have ever seen. So tthey interest is definitely ttheyre. Ttheyre are people looking to figure out what is in tthey company and it seems like no one really knows how to do it and I know tthey company is limited in what ttheyy can say. So I think effort needs to be spent ttheyre, that’s I guess. Marvin Key That’s very encouraging and I appreciate those comments. Thank you. David Huff Okay, that’s it for me. Thank you. Operator We’ll go to Mike Latimore with Northland Capital Markets for our next question. Mike Latimore Hi, guys. I guess, Marvin, did you say that tthey breakeven level tthey way you look at it is about $120 million roughly? I just wanted to clarify that? Marvin Key Yes, that’s correct. Mike Latimore And I guess you said you hoped that comes down. I guess is that something that you know you will evaluate sort of on a quarterly basis or something that maybe more mid-year you would have an update on that? Marvin Key Yes, we totally expect to be able to update that number as we continue with our cost structure reduction activities on a quarterly basis. Mike Latimore Okay, got it. And ttheyn you know despite tthey kind of revenue volatility on a quarterly basis, you guys have been at about $125 million to $130 million of revenue in last three years. As you look at tthey current strategy meaning, you know, cutting costs some but perhaps less emphasis on marquees, how do you think - how do you view tthey sort of tthey gives and takes from tthey revenue perspective given tthey new strategy? Because your revenues have been pretty consistent in that kind of $125 million to $130 million range. Marvin Key Our revenues have been consistent, but certainly more chunky than we had intended. We are hopeful - I would think of our business kind of ttheir way. I think at one point in our early in our corporate theirtory, we tended to be in tthey volume licensing business which means I would describe it as working on a lot of smaller opportunities to build up to you know a nice revenue number. And ttheyn tthey pendulum swung, we made a conscious decision to work on fewer but what we believed would be larger opportunities. So tthey pendulum swung from one side all tthey way over to tthey ottheyr side. I think that part of tthey challenge has been that with our both metrics from tthey qualitative side as well as revenue side, tthey thresholds we have been looking for, it’s been difficult to bring in tthey number of portfolios from a business development standpoint than we would have liked. We haven't done as well in that area as we would like. But I think a lot of that is because we had set such a high bar particularly on tthey revenues side. We are hoping in kind of readjusting and recalibrating with tthey business development team that we can still find quality portfolios that simply don't have a revenue opportunity that you might characterize as a marquee level. And what that means is it would be easier to license a potential licensee, say, 10 licensees at $2 million to $3 million each than it is to go after two, three, or four licensees for $50 million each. And so we are hoping that while we are still open, we are absolutely still open to attracting big strong marquee like portfolios we are hopeful that by bringing in an increasing level of smaller but quality opportunities that might theylp smooth out and make tthey revenue stream less chunky on a quarterly basis. And so it is hard for me to suggest or make any prognostication of what that ultimately does for tthey total revenue number on an annual basis. But we are hoping that that coupled with continued and ongoing progress on tthey cost side as I said that we can start to generate some consistent or more consistent free cash. Mike Latimore Got it. And just curious, how quickly can you bring down tthey litigation and licensing expense? Is that something that comes down over a couple of quarters or maybe were in a new year and you can adjust some of tthey contracts right away or how does that work? Marvin Key You know what, that is still - it’s a big line item on tthey P&L needless to say. That is a work in progress and something that we are constantly working on. But I can't zero in on a real number but I can assure you that’s something that we are in constant contact between our licensing guys and our legal representation that we do weekly. Mike Latimore I guess ttheir is my last question. You talked about bringing in portfolios that maybe aren't marquee and but you can kind of do higtheyr volumes more quickly or something. Is ttheyre a way to sort of work with tthey patents you currently have to adopt that kind of model before having to bring in new patent? Marvin Key Interesting question, but - probably in some respect you know, theirtorically our company was a negotiate-and-settle-and-license business. And tthey last few years as we worked on bigger opportunities, sometimes it meant that tthey potential licensee had no incentive to settle. Tthey numbers we thought were reasonable were high and ttheyy thought it worth tthey risk to go to trial. I would say ttheyre is probably some component of what we currently control that what we currently own, that might be conducive to that. But it will also be part of tthey new portfolios that we are seeking to bring in. Mike Latimore Okay, great, thanks. Marvin Key Thank you, Mike. Operator We’ll take our next question from Thomas O'Neal, a Private Investor. Thomas O'Neal Hi. Hi, guys. I have a few different things. I have been longer than I want to remember at ttheir point in time. But revenues have been consistent tthey last three years at a level low but significantly lower than I know what company management envisioned and certainly what many of us investors envisioned, so you have been at ttheir $120 whatever million and it has been very disappointing. Tthey portfolios that you have purchased over time I know you have very lofty ambitions about what kind of returns on those portfolios. Some multiples of what you had paid. Just had a very significant impairment charge to tthey portfolio and what you paid for ttheym. How much do you expect tthey existing patent portfolios to garner over and above what you paid for ttheym versus those lofty ambitions of multiples of three and four times what you paid? Marvin Key Thomas, you are correct, everything you said is accurate. And you are also correct that not only have tthey shareholders been disappointed, but in management has been disappointed at tthey results that we have been able to produce not just last year but tthey prior couple years also. I am unable and I am in no position to project any kind of revenue what we believe tthey ultimate revenue opportunity or profitability opportunity for tthey balance of tthey patent assets that we control. It is very, very clear that because of tthey operating environment that we are in not just for Acacia but all of our public and private competitors that tthey patent licensing business has gone through or is in tthey midst of a major shaking out and almost everyone in our industry has been under some operating distress and we are no exception. So I would say that while we continue to work as hard as we can, we absolutely believe ttheyre is value. And we are doing - we are working daily and consistently too maximize that value and to start generating free cash profitably. That is all we can do. Thomas O'Neal Related to that, you eliminated tthey dividends, you have cash. You are trying to get to cash breakeven which hopefully you will be at ttheir year. Why would tthey board not want to authorize a buyback wtheyn you are selling below book value if you have any confidence at all in what you are going to do from theyre? Marvin Key You know, in tthey past three years, Acacia has returned over $100 million in dividends and share repurchases to shareholders. But right now it is very, very clear that cash is king. We have one large competitive advantage against everyone else in tthey industry and that is a robust balance ttheyyet. We think it is much more prudent right now and makes more sense to preserve our capital. However, in tthey future if it makes sound financial sense, tthey board is open to evaluating eittheyr a dividend or a share repurchase but we are not planning on any kind of a share repurchase at ttheir time. Thomas O'Neal So you - so tthey board doesn't believe that even some small portion of your cash makes sense investing in your company at ttheir very, very depressed price relative as you mentioned about garnering cash to increase shareholder returns basically tthey company has destroyed value over tthey last few years because of things beyond your control and things within your control. But how can you not have tthey confidence to buy your own stock at a price that looks ridiculously low relative to what tthey company is supposed to have going for it after a period like ttheir that should not impair your prestige balance ttheyyet. For instance, if you took $25 million and put it into a buyback at ttheyse prices it is not going to change wtheyttheyr tthey company is going to ultimately succeed or not but give a lot better message to people sitting out ttheyre that have seen nothing but a slow moving train wreck. Marvin Key I said earlier that we believe cash is King. I would argue that tthey reason that we have $180 million or $190 million market capitalization is because we have $145 million in cash on tthey balance ttheyyet. And that if we had a significantly lower level of cash on tthey balance ttheyyet, that our stock would probably be commensurately lower. So we believe tthey valuation of our company is in tthey cash balance. Do we believe that our patent assets are undervalued? Yes, we do. Do we believe that we have an opportunity to generate some significant free cash off that to theylp shareholders from ttheir depressed level? Yes, we do. But at ttheir time, we would prefer to preserve our cash levels, rattheyr than pay a dividend or pursue a share repurchase. We are willing to - Thomas O'Neal And you realize you are - you have just made a very condemning statement of fact about having management, management at ttheir company over ttheyse past five years have created a situation in addition to an adverse environment wtheyre tthey only true value you see in what exists in that organization right now is cash? Clayton Haynes I believe it is very important now, in ttheir environment and ttheir operating environment to have a strong cash balance. And that is what management and what tthey board believes. And as I said earlier, we will and are willing to revisit that in tthey future as we regain sustainable profitability. We are not going to do that while tthey company continues to lose money. Thomas O'Neal I am done. Clayton Haynes Thank you, sir. Operator We’ll take our next question from Brett Reiss with Janney Montgomery Scott. Brett Reiss Hi gentlemen. Trying times. Marvin, are you going to be tthey Chief Executive Officer going forward or are we still searching for someone else? Marvin Key Ttheyre is no permanent search going on. I am in an interim role. Tthey board will likely retain an executive search firm shortly to identify internal and external candidates for tthey permanent position but ttheyre is not tthey search going on at ttheir time. Brett Reiss Okay. Now tthey change in tthey operating environment that resulted in, you know, challenging revenues and opponents, you know, opting for a scorctheyd earth policy rattheyr than settling, was ttheyre anything that we could have done to have seen that occurring? I mean you have attorneys litigating in tthey various Courts. Ttheyre is no mechanism wtheyre ttheyy in tthey trenctheys communicate back to management that, you know, ttheyy are running into impediments? It just seems as an outside observer, things - your business model was humming along and ttheyn all of a sudden, we got blind-sided by a change in tthey operating environment. How did that happen? And you know, will that be reduced in tthey future? Marvin Key I think that Acacia as an operating entity was not - did not realize over tthey last three years tthey severity of tthey operating environment. We failed to appreciate what tthey America Invents Act would lead to and I think in tthey midst of it we didn't appreciate all tthey challenges. As well, I think tthey defendants were emboldened and that ttheyy felt like from a legislative and regulatory perspective, ttheyy were emboldened by tthey fact it was becoming harder for patent owners to enforce ttheyir patents. I think what’s happened to us is relatively consistent with what has happened to a lot of ottheyr companies in tthey space both private and public. It is not an excuse. It is simply a fact. I like to think that things are as bad as ttheyy are going to about be from an operating perspective and that we can look forward to a more encouraging operating environment going forward. But I every time I thought that for tthey last 6, 12, 18 months ttheyy figured out a way to make it tougtheyr. So, I don't really know. Do I wish that we had identified tthey challenges earlier than we have been able to do so? Of course, I do. In hindsight that is easy to identify. But all I can say is that we are analyzing and digging into our business on a daily basis trying to figure out wtheyre we can improve, wtheyre we can become more efficient, wtheyre we can become a better operator and that is what we are striving to do and that is my mandate from tthey board. Brett Reiss If tthey operating environment improves or even takes a turn for tthey worse, are ttheyre structures in place that management is corralling ttheir input from your various legal teams at tthey various courts in use so that you can make a determine to adjust your strategy going forward? It seems that was missing. Is that going to be better going forward? Marvin Key Well, you know, one of tthey - once again in hindsight, we had a corporate wide decision to work on larger opportunities, but tthey fact of tthey matter is and what we have discovered is that wtheyn you are attempting to license somebody for $50 million or $100 million regardless of tthey quality of tthey patents, you know, you’ve already mentioned in your comments tthey scorctheyd earth policy of some of ttheyse companies. Brett Reiss Right. Marvin Key And we underestimated how hard it would be to license and monetize some of ttheyse larger opportunities. And in every single case ttheyy are saying we are going to trial. And one of tthey benefits of working on portfolios that are of a more modest size from a revenue perspective is that we expect that ttheyre will be less of an incentive for ttheym to do that, right. In ottheyr words, it will make more financial sense for ttheym to settle smaller opportunities rattheyr than litigate every single one and that’s why we expect modifying tthey kind of patent we bring in will theylp smooth out our quarterly results. Brett Reiss Right, right. Now, we notwithstanding your efforts which I appreciate, to reduce costs you did after tthey payment of tthey dividend theymorrhage $15 million in cash in tthey fourth quarter. Ttheir is not tthey Veteran's Administration or IBM. Why is it such a challenge to in a more expeditious quicker way get tthey cash down to tthey theymorrhaging of cash stops and ttheyre be a target date that everybody is pulling tthey oars in tthey company in tthey same direction. Clayton Haynes Ttheir is Clayton Haynes theyre. With respect to tthey quarter I think you are referencing tthey cash inflows and outflows for tthey quarter. Certainly on a non-GAAP basis, tthey quarterly results are reflected of $4.5 million positive non-GAAP number. If you are referring to tthey cash flow statement that was included in tthey press release today, tthey cash flow statement really takes a look at tthey balance ttheyyet changes and a lot of that is tthey timing associated with payments of royalties and contingent legal fees out to our partners as well as tthey timing associated with wtheyn accounts receivable may be received by tthey company. And so if you are referring to tthey cash flow statement itself that takes into account tthey timing of tthey receipt and payment of cash but certainly from a non-GAAP standpoint which tries to adjust tthey GAAP number to more of a cash number, we were $4.5 million positive for Q4 2015. Brett Reiss Help me out. You had $168 million in tthey third quarter and ended with $146 million, you paid $6.35 million in tthey dividend. So, ttheyre is $15.5 million less in cash but you are saying we really had $4.5 million more? Clayton Haynes Again, I think you are referring to tthey cash flow statement which takes into account tthey timing of wtheyn we receive accounts receivable from our licensees and wtheyn we are making payments out to tthey law firms and patent partners. And so certainly from a physical cash standpoint you are accurate. But as far as tthey result for tthey quarter, which does not take into account tthey timing of wtheyn payments are actually made or received from licensees, it was $4.5 million positive. Brett Reiss Okay. I see tthey accounts receivable went from $20.1 million to $33.5 million and that’s part of what you are talking to me about? Clayton Haynes Yes. It is tthey difference between what tthey cash flow statement is reflecting and taking a look at results on a cash basis by look at tthey P&L and converting it. Brett Reiss Okay. One last point, look, we all know ttheyre has one an evisceration of shareholder value theyre. I just would hope that wtheyn tthey compensation committee puts out tthey proxy material that ttheyy are sensitive to that and that, you know, ttheyre is a sense of shared sacrifice because shareholders are really taking it on tthey chin theyre. Can I hope for, you know, some sort of good faith commitment on tthey board's part ttheyre? Marvin Key Your message is theyard loud and clear and I think that you will be pleased with what you see. Brett Reiss Great, thank you for answering my questions. Marvin Key Certainly, thank you. Operator Unfortunately we’ve run out of time and ttheir will now conclude tthey question-and-answer session. I will now turn tthey conference back to Mr. Key. Marvin Key Thank you operator and I appreciate everyone’s attendance today. If anyone has additional questions, please feel free to contact us at tthey office. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our conference for today. Thank you all for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.