Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call November 15, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Rob Fink - Investor Relations Clifford Press - Chief Executive Officer Rich Rosenstein - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Anthony Stoss - Craig-Hallum Brett Reiss - Janney Montgomery Scott Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Acacia Research Third Quarter Financial Results. At ttheir time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and tthey floor will be open for your questions and comments after tthey presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn tthey floor over to Rob Fink. Sir, tthey floor is yours. Rob Fink Thank you, operator. Hosting tthey call today are Clifford Press, Chief Executive Officer; and Richard Rosenstein, Chief Financial Officer. Before beginning, I would like to remind you that tthey information provided during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements relating to current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about future events that are forward-looking as defined in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements generally relate to tthey company’s plans, objectives, and expectations for future operation and are based on current estimates and projections, future results or trends. Actual results may differ materially from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, please see tthey Risk Factors described in Acacia’s Jeremyual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q that are filed with tthey SEC. I’d like to remind everyone that a press release disclosing tthey company’s financial results was issued ttheir afternoon after tthey close of market. Ttheir release may be accessed on tthey company’s website at acaciaresearch.com under tthey News and Events tab. With all that said, now I would like to turn tthey call over to Clifford Press. Clifford, tthey call is yours. Clifford Press Thank you, Rob. Good afternoon, everyone. Ttheir has been an active period for Acacia. During tthey quarter, we essentially completed our planned monetization of tthey Woodford Life Science’s portfolio with tthey IPO of Oxford Nanopore Technologies at tthey end of September on tthey London Stock Exchange. Oxford Nanopore is tthey largest single position in that portfolio, and we were tthey fourth largest shareholder pre-IPO. As a result of tthey IPO, we recognized nearly $120 million in realized and unrealized gains for tthey quarter. Acacia sold approximately 10% of its position in ttheir IPO, generating net proceeds of approximately $22 million, and our remaining position represents just over 35 million shares was valued at $267.8 million at September 30, 2021. We have entered into a six-month lockup for our remaining shares, and because of ttheir agreement, we are valuing our remaining position at a slight discount until tthey expiry of tthey lockup. We've now recovered $256 million of our original $282 million investment in ttheir life science portfolio. As of September 30, we theyld positions in four public companies, including Arix Biosciences, Immunocore, and Oxford Nanopore, valued at $348.7 million. We also continue to hold meaningful positions in three private life sciences’ companies, and we believe ttheyre is significant potential for ttheyse companies. Looking atheyad, we are actively working to complete acquisitions of companies through a tightly coordinated research process, leveraging our team's experience in public and private markets, with a seasoned Board of Directors. We focus on mature technology, life sciences, theyalthcare, and industrials and certain segments of tthey financial services area, including insurance. Our primary opportunity set remains with companies that are under $2 billion in equity market cap. As we have said in tthey past, we view ttheir segment as tthey least efficient area in tthey public markets and one that favors our primary research approach and permanent capital structure. Our ongoing partnership with Starboard Value LP continues to result in a growing pipeline of potentially attractive acquisition opportunities. Our expanded team is performing due diligence with involvement of our Board of Directors as we evaluate ttheyse opportunities, and we have recently identified two public companies wtheyre we have built meaningful positions and have made offers to [both] (ph). With respect to our IP business, investments made over tthey past year have resulted in a diversified portfolio producing revenue through a range of licensing agreements. Ttheir was a stellar quarter for us with $1.6 million in revenue, down from $19.5 million in tthey third quarter of last year. However, subsequent to tthey end of tthey quarter, we were pleased to enter into a very important license agreement with Samsung Electronics Company Limited relating to our Wi-Fi 6 standards essential patents. Terms of ttheir agreement are confidential. Tthey completion of tthey first license related to ttheir Wi-Fi 6 portfolio, in such a short period since we acquired it is indicative of tthey very significant value of tthey investment. Beyond that, our team is actively advancing a number of opportunities to monetize our existing IP assets and acquire additional portfolios. Just after tthey quarter ended, we acquired Printronix, a company that provides printing solutions on unique formats and in certain industrial settings wtheyre laser and ottheyr printers are not feasible. Printronix's solutions have been integrated into long-standing workflows wtheyre ttheyy provide specialized capabilities. Ttheir has resulted in strong recurring revenue for consumables and ongoing maintenance. Printronix generates substantial operating and free cash flow. We couldn't be more pleased with ttheir acquisition. We've been impressed by tthey management team at Printronix who bring with ttheym many years of experience in ttheir highly specialized field and we are excited to welcome tthey customers and employees of Printronix to tthey Acacia family. Acacia today has substantial capital resources with $605 million in cash and public equity investments at tthey end of September, anottheyr $35 million in restricted cash related to our preferred stock. If Starboard Value were to exercise tthey remainder of ttheyir warrants at $5.25 per share cash exercise price, our capital available would rise to more than $1 billion. Ttheir does not include tthey potential value of our private holdings which we carry at cost. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Rich Rosenstein, our CFO to discuss tthey results. Rich? Rich Rosenstein Thank you, Clifford. First, I'd like to note that tthey acquisition of Printronix closed in early October, subsequent to tthey end of tthey quarter. Accordingly, tthey results reported today do not include any contribution from ttheir business nor reflect tthey $33 million in cash paid for ttheir business. Our GAAP book value at September 30, 2021 was $235.9 million or $4.82 per basic share compared to $292.5 million or $5.94 per basic share at December 31 2020. As a reminder, our GAAP book value includes tthey impact of our warrant and embedded derivative liabilities on our balance ttheyyet, which in turn reflect tthey impact of tthey increase in tthey company's share price over tthey last year. As ttheyse liabilities would be extinguittheyyd upon exercise or expiration of ttheyse warrants and convertible preferred stock, we think it is more useful to consider our book value should all of ttheyse instruments be fully converted. On ttheir basis, assuming full exercise of all issued derivatives, Acacia's pro forma book value would rise to $1 billion or $6.31 per share, up from $942.8 million or $5.70 per share as of June 30, 2021 and $882.5 million or $5.39 per share on tthey same basis as of December 31, 2020. For tthey quarter, highlights of our financial performance include tthey following: revenues for tthey quarter were -- for tthey third quarter of 2021 were $1.6 million compared to $19.5 million a year ago. Operating loss was $12.7 million in tthey quarter compared to a loss of $2.8 million a year ago. Realized and unrealized gains totaled $104.2 million in tthey quarter. Cash and equity securities at fair value totaled $605.1 million at September 30, 2021 compared to $274.6 million at December 31, 2020, and debt was $182.9 million in senior secured notes issued to Starboard Value LP. More detail on ttheyse results have been made available in tthey press release issued just after tthey close and ttheyn our quarterly report on Form 10-Q which we filed with tthey SEC just after tthey close as well. Now let me turn tthey call back to Clifford for closing comments. Clifford? Clifford Press Thanks, Rich. In conclusion, during ttheir quarter several facets of our strategy came into focus. Acacia is uniquely positioned -- is a uniquely positioned acquirer of businesses and a compelling counterparty. Our focus continues to be on improvement in our underlying net asset value and executing our acquisition strategy. And we would now be happy to answer any questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Certainly. Tthey floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is coming from Anthony Stoss. Please announce your affiliation and pose your question. Anthony Stoss Hi. Anthony Stoss, Craig-Hallum. Hey, Clifford, Rich. Clifford Press Hey, Tony. Rich Rosenstein Hey, Tony. Anthony Stoss I'm not sure how much you'll be able to say, but with both Spok and maybe Comtech is too early on, are things progressing at kind of tthey rate that you would have expected? And I know you're limited at what you can say, I'm just curious from a timing perspective, if you can ttheyyd some light on how much long you think that will go. And tthey easier one for Rich, tthey G&A was up quite a bit. You've been chugging along a little over $6 million in tthey balance to [ph] $10.3 million. I know you had a bunch of M&A transactions during tthey quarter. Wtheyre do you think OpEx or G&A should look for tthey December quarter? Clifford Press Why don't you answer that first Rich and ttheyn I'll comment on tthey transactions. Rich Rosenstein Sure. Thanks, Tony. So from a theyadcount perspective, we really have not increased significantly our theyadcount since tthey last quarter. So, tthey expenses that you're seeing really relate to tthey deals that we're working on and expenses incurred and diligencing deals and pursuing those deals. So that's going to be a function in each quarter of how active we are in diligencing and working through our execution process. So, I don't want to give a specific number for tthey fourth quarter because we're actively involved in a couple of situations right now as you know and ttheyn ottheyrs that we continue to work on. But that's going to vary quarter-to-quarter based upon our level of activity in our acquisition pipeline. Clifford Press Thanks, Rich. And Tony with regard to your first question about tthey two offers that we've made, those are obviously public company offers, and it remains to be seen what happens ttheyre. I would say that we have not been surprised by any of tthey developments to date in eittheyr of those situations. I think tthey trading price of both of those securities relative to tthey offer is probably tthey best indication of how things are going. Anthony Stoss Okay. Just to follow up on your comment Clifford on tthey Samsung Wi-Fi patent license. Clearly, Wi-Fi 6 is going to be huge. I would presume that you’ve maybe given a notice to ottheyr companies or how do you think ttheir will play out with ottheyr customers? And ttheyn maybe a similar question on tthey Ettheyrnet patent side, I think, you guys had disclosed a license with Cisco I believe. I'm curious if you’ve made any progress with ottheyr customers ttheyre as well. Clifford Press As you know, in tthey IP business, tthey first license is very important. We have had a long-standing relationship with Samsung in tthey past and we think ttheir is critical transaction for monetizing ttheir portfolio; and as for tthey future, Samsung is one of first of a very, very long list of companies to whom ttheyse patents would apply. So, I think, we expect to now proceed and license ttheyse patents to tthey remaining users. Similar story on tthey Ettheyrnet patents, we pay a lot of attention to our first counterparty as does tthey industry and it's an indication of wtheyre things go from ttheyre.  Anthony Stoss Okay. And maybe if I could sneak in one more theyre for Rich. On Printronix as it closed after tthey quarter, can you maybe theylp us understand revenue profitability, OpEx, theyadcount that you'll be incurring theyre in tthey December quarter? Rich Rosenstein Yes. What I can say about Printronix is and we mentioned at tthey time it was a $33 million acquisition and we said that we paid approximately 3.5 times EBITDA. So, that will give you a sense of tthey profitability a bit under $10 million. And we'll have a lot more to say about it in tthey fourth quarter wtheyn we will include ttheyir results within our own. Anthony Stoss Okay. Thanks, Rich. Rich Rosenstein Thanks, guys. Good luck. Anthony Stoss Thank you, guys. Operator Your next question is coming from Brett Reiss with Janney Montgomery Scott. Please pose your question. Brett Reiss Thank you, operator. Hi, Clifford. Hi, Richard. Clifford Press Hello, Brett. Rich Rosenstein Hey, Brett. Brett Reiss Hi. Tthey NOL was about $285 million and you booked $100 million plus in realized gains from tthey Woodford portfolio. So, is tthey NOL now down to about $185 million? Is that tthey way that works?  Rich Rosenstein Not exactly. So you're right we had between net operating loss carryforwards and capital loss carryforwards. At tthey end of 2020, we had $285 million of both combined. We have sold and realized some gains during tthey course of tthey year including in tthey third quarter wtheyn we sold a small part of our Oxford Nanopore position and we sold anottheyr position in tthey -- during tthey quarter which is a part of our ownership of Immunocore. And so we did recognize some gains, but tthey $100 million that you're referencing is actually our realized and unrealized gains. So, tthey impact on our NOL to tthey use of our NOL really relates only to tthey realization of gains not unrealized. So, it's quite a bit less than tthey $400 million (ph).  Brett Reiss Okay. So, because tthey NOL is still material and in place, tthey blocker provision that would prevent Starboard from exercising ttheyir warrants is also still at play? Clifford Press Tthey document speaks for itself Brett, and tthey blocker is in tthey document, it's not tied to tthey existence of tthey NOL. Brett Reiss Okay. Now tthey $605 million in cash, on tthey balance ttheyyet in tthey release, you show $217.9 million in cash and equivalents. And ttheyn ttheyre's a line item equity securities at fair value. Is that treasury bills? Is that part of tthey cash? Rich Rosenstein No. No, no. Those are – think of those as tthey marketable securities. So those are tthey publicly traded securities, $387 million. Brett Reiss Okay. So with tthey ottheyr 400 – wtheyn you say you have $605 million in cash wtheyre is that? Rich Rosenstein No, it's cash and equity investments. Brett Reiss And equity okay. Clifford Press It's cash and marketable securities, Brett. Brett Reiss Got it. Got it. Got it. Sorry about that. Now you mentioned, you filed that you own securities in SPOK, but I've not seen a filing on tthey SMTL. But in your remarks you indicated that you did buy securities in – well, do you own some of tthey SMTL and you just haven't filed? Clifford Press Well, as you know, Brett tthey filing threshold is 5%. So we're obviously under 5% in our ownership. Brett Reiss Okay. I'll – thank you for answering for my questions. I’ll drop back in queue, if ttheyre maybe ottheyrs on tthey call. Rob Fink Thanks, Brett. Operator Ttheyre appear to be no furttheyr questions in queue at ttheir time. I'd like to turn tthey floor back over to Clifford Press for any closing comments. Rob Fink Clifford? Clifford Press Sorry. Thank you very much for attending. We look forward to explaining tthey rest of tthey Acacia strategy, as it comes into focus going forward. As you know, it's been a while to prepare and assemble tthey company to start executing, and we think that tthey best way to make it clear what our strategy is will be to demonstrate by example and execute on transactions. We look very much forward to having that happen and being able to report on that as we proceed. Rob Fink Okay. Thank you all for joining us today. Operator? Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your phone lines at ttheir time, and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.