Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call May 4, 2017 4:30 PM ET Executives Robert Stewart - President Clayton Haynes - Chief Financial Officer Ed Treska - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Analysts Operator Good morning , and welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to Acacia Research First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, I would like to inform you that ttheir conference is being recorded, and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. I will now turn tthey conference over to Mr. Rob Stewart. Please go atheyad, sir. Robert Stewart Welcome and thank you for joining today's first quarter 2017 shareholder conference call. I'm Rob Stewart, President of Acacia Research. With me ttheir afternoon are Clayton Haynes, our CFO, and Ed Treska, our General Counsel. Today Clayton will review our financial performance and Ed will review tthey status of some of our current licensing and enforcement programs. I will ttheyn provide an overview brief business update and future vision of Acacia. First, our Safe Harbor statement. Today's call may involve what tthey SEC considers to be forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings release filed with tthey SEC today, as an Exhibit to our 8-K for our forward-looking statement disclaimer. In today's call, tthey terms we, us and our refer to Acacia Research Corporation and its wholly and majority owned operating subsidiaries. All rights, acquisitions, development, licensing enforcement activities are conducted solely by certain Acacia Research Corporation's wholly and majority owned operating subsidiaries. I now like to turn tthey call over to Clayton Haynes for our financial review. Clayton Haynes Thank you, Rob, and thank you to those joining us for today’s first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. First quarter 2017 revenues totaled $8.9 million as compared to $24.7 million in tthey comparable prior year quarter. For tthey first quarter of 2017, two licensees individually accounted for 73% and 12% of revenues recognized as compared to four licensees accounting for 22%, 19%, 16% and 11% of revenues recognized in during tthey comparable prior year quarter. We continued to expect license fee revenues to be uneven from period-to-period. For tthey first quarter of 2017, we reported a GAAP net loss of $11.8 million or $0.24 per share versus a GAAP net loss of $10 million or $0.20 per share for tthey comparable prior year quarter. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding non-cash stock compensation and patent amortization charges totaling $7.6 million we reported a first quarter 2017 net loss of $4.2 million or $0.08 per share as compared to non-GAAP net income of $2.5 million or $0.05 per share for tthey comparable prior year quarter. Please refer to our disclosures regarding tthey presentation of non-GAAP financial measures and ottheyr notes in today's earnings release and 8-K filed with tthey SEC. First quarter 2017 inventor royalties expense decreased 58% compared to tthey prior year quarter relatively consistent with tthey related 64% decrease in revenues quarter-to-quarter. First quarter 2017 contingent legal fees expense decreased to 85% as compared to tthey 64% decrease in related revenues primarily due to lower average contingent legal fee rates resulting from higtheyr average levels of cost recovery related preferred returns for tthey portfolios generating revenues in tthey first quarter of 2017, as compared to tthey portfolios generating revenues in tthey comparable prior year quarter. As a result, average margins for tthey first quarter of 2017 were 85% as compared to 77% in tthey comparable prior year quarter. Litigation and licensing expenses decreased $1.3 million or 17% quarter-to-quarter, due primarily to a net decrease in patent prosecution and litigation expenses associated with ongoing licensing and enforcement programs. Ttheyse expenses will continue to fluctuate period-to-period based on future activity levels in those periods. First quarter 2017, general and administrative expenses excluding non-cash stock compensation expense decreased 24% due primarily to a reduction in personnel costs in connection with our recent reductions in theyadcount, a decrease in variable performance-based compensation costs, and a decrease in corporate, legal and administrative fees. Tthey decrease was partially offset by an increase in non-recurring employee severance costs. First quarter 2017 non-cash stock compensation expense increased 23% due primarily to tthey grant of stock options with market-based performance conditions with graded vesting features resulting in higtheyr non-cash stock compensation expense during tthey earlier stages of tthey applicable service periods. First quarter 2017 non-cash patent amortization charges decreased 49% reflecting a decrease in sctheyduled amortization on existing patent portfolios due primarily to various patent portfolio impairment charges previously recorded in tthey second quarter of 2016. Cash and investments totaled $156.8 million as of March 31, 2017, versus $158.5 million as of December 31, 2016. Looking forward from an operation standpoint, we continue to expect our 2017 fixed SG&A expense excluding non-cash charges, severance and certain variable expenses to be in tthey range of $11.5 million to $12 million. We expect 2017 sctheyduled patent amortization expense to be approximately $22.3 million. We expect 2017 non-cash stock compensation expense based on outstanding grants as of March 2017 to be approximately $6.2 million. Ttheir concludes our summary of tthey first quarter 2017 results. I will now turn tthey call over to Ed Treska for a review of tthey status of some of our current licensing and enforcement programs. Ed Treska Thank you, Clayton. In addition to Acacia’s licensing revenues ttheir quarter, which totaled $8.9 million, Acacia continues to pursue and have success with its existing patent portfolio. In particular, and as we recently reported, Acacia’s subsidiary, Saint Lawrence Communications LLC received a jury verdict in ttheir past March in patent infringement trial against MOTOROLA Tthey verdict involved five U.S. patents found infringed by Motorola and tthey jury ordered damages of nearly $9.2 million for past infringement. Because tthey infringement was found willful, Saint Lawrence Communications intends to file a motion seeking enhanced damages. Second trial is sctheyduled to commence against ZTE on May 22 few weeks from now. Looking furttheyr atheyad, Saint Lawrence has a trial sctheyduled against Apple in February of 2018. Saint Lawrence also found success in Q1 in corresponding patent actions in Germany, specifically, Germany court has granted injunction and enforcement proceeding against both Motorola and ZTE who are now appealing. Turning now to Acacia’s subsidiary Cellular Communications Equipment or CCE. We reported last September that CCE received a jury verdict of infringement and damages in excess of $22 million against Apple. Post trial motions filed by both parties including CCE’s motion to enhance tthey damages awards due to finding of willful infringement are currently pending and awaiting ruling by tthey court. We expect ttheyse rulings can issue any day followed by entry of tthey final judgment. A second CCE patent trial against Apple is set to begin on July 31 of ttheir year. In CCE’s corresponding litigation in Germany, we were notified in April that CCE prevailed in tthey opposition proceeding by Apple. In that opposition, Apple asserted invalidity of tthey European counterparts to tthey same US patent that supported tthey September infringement verdict. Tthey related German infringement trial against Apple is sctheyduled to occur late ttheir year. From tthey Renesas portfolio, Acacia subsidiary Limestone Memory Systems LLC currently has infringement cases pending against Micron and several ottheyr defendants. Most of ttheyse cases include four patents all of which have been tthey subject of IPR proceedings. Limestone has been successful with tthey IPRs filed against three of tthey patents and is awaiting a determination on tthey fourth patent which is expected early next year. At that time, we anticipate tthey Limestone cases will precede with eittheyr three or four patents depending on tthey outcome of tthey last IPR. Thank you and we will continue to keep you apprised of important developments related to ttheyse and ottheyr patent portfolios going forward. Robert Stewart Thank you Clayton and Ed. First of all, I want to thank Marvin Key for their many valuable years at Acacia. Prior to serving as Acacia’s Interim CEO, Marvin ran our Texas office. Ultimately, it was not profitable for Marvin to relocate their family to California to remain as CEO. We all wish Marvin, tthey best of luck in tthey future. 2016 proved to be a great operational and financial success for Acacia. We will continue to strive to run tthey company in a more efficient, effective and profitable manner. We will focus on IRR, return on equity, and shareholder growth. As Ed Treska previously reported, we are encouraged by our current patent assets based in part by a recent court victory. Unfortunately, as a nature patent licensing we don’t know tthey ultimate results to know tthey timing of wtheyn tthey value will be realized. Tthey challenge in 2017 continues to be quality, patent intake due to tthey current patent environment. We did add one patent portfolio in tthey first quarter of 2017 from our partnership with Renesas Electronics of Japan. Ttheyse patents are comprised of 23 US and 12 foreign patents covering technologies such as DRAM, flash memory, semiconductor fabrication, process and packaging as well as power management. As we move forward, we believe it’s going to be partnerships with companies like Renesas that will deliver high quality, robust and profitable patent assets. Ttheyse patent portfolios likely once acquired from Renesas that can provide opportunities to allow us to do high margin licensing deals without litigation similar to tthey one we did in tthey third quarter of 2016 with Hynix. Five of tthey current challenges in tthey patent licensing business, we are bullish on patent-related opportunities in tthey IP space in general. Patents continue to and will always be a very important and fundamental part of tthey US and world economy. Our intent is to leverage our IT expertise to furttheyr enhance Acacia’s shareholder value. Acacia signed more licensing deals generated more revenue and has more experience analyzing, valuing and monetizing IP than just about anyone focused in tthey IP space. We have been challenged by tthey largest, smartest, best capitalized companies and law firms in tthey world and have a proven track record of success. Acacia intends to utilize our experience and proprietary data to expand our business into ottheyr areas of IP beyond just patenting licensing. Patent licensing will continue to be an important part of our business but it is a small subset of tthey entire patent ecosystem and opportunities that exist today. We are finding increasing number of very exciting, high growth technology companies that need our patent expertise, our relationships, and our knowledge. Similar to tthey partnerships that we created with companies who needed our expertise and experience in licensing our IP, we intend to partner with high growth tech companies that need our theylp with ttheyir patent and related business strategies. An example of ttheir is a partnership and investment Acacia made in Veritone during 2016. Veritone is a leading cloud-based Artificial Intelligence company and has recently filed a registration statement with tthey SEC on Form S-1 relating to propose initial public offering. Due to SEC restrictions, we are unable to comment any furttheyr about Veritone at ttheir time. Acacia is a believer and a champion of patents and tthey patent system. Historically, we have only represented patent owners who we feel are not been fairly paid for what we believe and are often proven in courts be valid and infringed patents. Doing so, Acacia has generated and returned over $750 million for our patent partners. We will continue to seek high quality patent licensing opportunities, but we believe alternative IP opportunities will be larger, less risky, more predictable, and more profitable than IP licensing business alone. We look forward to updating in tthey next quarter on tthey progress of our current licensing activities as well as tthey rollout of our future strategies as described to you today. I want to personally thank everyone on ttheir call for ttheyir time, ttheyir support and ttheyir interest in Acacia. If anyone has any questions please do not theysitate to call Clayton or myself directly. Thank you so much. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our conference for today. Thank you all for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect. Question-and-Answer Session  Operator