Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) Q1 2023 Results Conference Call May 11, 2023 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Rob Fink - Managing Partner MJ McNulty - Interim CEO Kirsten Hoover - Interim CFO Conference Call Participants Brett Reiss - Janney Montgomery Scott Adam Eagleston - Formidable AM Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Acacia Research First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After managements prepared remarks ttheyre will be question and answer session. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Rob Fink. Please go atheyad. Rob Fink Thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Hosting tthey call are MJ McNulty, Interim Chief Executive Officer; and Kirsten Hoover, Interim Chief Financial Officer. Before beginning, I would like to remind you that information provided during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements relating to current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about future events that are forward-looking as defined in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements generally relate to tthey company's plans, objectives, and expectations for future operation and are based on tthey current estimates, projections, future results or trends. Actual results may differ materially from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, please see tthey Risk Factors described in Acacia's annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q that are filed with tthey SEC. I would also like to remind everyone that a press release disclosing tthey financial results was issued ttheir afternoon just after tthey market closed. Ttheir release may be accessed on tthey company's website at acaciaresearch.com under tthey News and Events tabs. With all that said, I would now like to turn tthey call over to MJ. MJ, tthey call is yours. MJ McNulty Thanks a lot, Rob, and thanks to everyone for taking some time to theyar our update ttheir afternoon. As you know, tthey first quarter comes up pretty quickly and having just spoken 6 weeks ago, providing a detailed update on tthey team and tthey processes we have put in place for our M&A initiative. Let me just give you some updates on those. First, we've largely cleaned up tthey business from its theirtorical operating procedures and cost structure, which I think you'll see through tthey numbers. We're confident that tthey processes we began building in earnest in tthey second quarter of last year for identifying, qualifying and executing acquisitions are sound. And ttheyn we're applying those processes to a growing pipeline of acquisition opportunities with an increasing frequency and seeing attractive results. What we've primarily been focused as we've said in tthey past, on public opportunities, and ttheyn that universe consists primarily of some of tthey parts opportunities and margin improvement stories we're now beginning to also see pockets of similar opportunities in tthey private markets, including tthey good business challenged balance ttheyyet types of opportunities. We think we'll continue to see those types of opportunities, given wtheyre we are in tthey market cycle. Though tthey valuations for private assets remain elevated relative to those in tthey public space. Ttheyre are also several out-of-favor industries that we're attracted to. And as we've said in tthey past, our ability to be facile on industries and opportunities really is in relationship to tthey relationships that we have with world-class operating partners, which continues to manifest in tthey opportunities we're actively pursuing. We're additionally excited to work with exceptional management teams, and we've identified opportunities wtheyre sound management is, for one reason or anottheyr encumbered from unlocking tthey full potential of its business. Given our strong relationships with talented executives, our screening and acquisition processes and our broad sourcing network, we believe our platform can deliver attractive opportunities irrespective of tthey market conditions. And as a note, we remain cautious about excessive leverage in tthey system, and we don't anticipate leverage to be a material component of tthey returns for our shareholders. So that's wtheyre we are on tthey new opportunity side. We're enthusiastic about tthey population of deals in front of us, though we continually mention our goal is not to do deals, it's to do good deals, and we are patient judicious towards ttheir goal. We also continue to effectively manage and invest in our intellectual property portfolio. which generated strategically meaningful revenue for us in tthey first quarter, and we continue to see attractive opportunities with Blue Chip Partners for future intellectual property investment. In addition, Printronix was acquired at an attractive valuation, as we mentioned in tthey past. And sticking with our processes, we have an excellent executive working with us to enhance tthey business. And we'll evaluate similar acquisitions of operating businesses or divisions of large organizations wtheyre we believe we can increase tthey value of tthey business. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Kirsten to discuss our first quarter financial results. Kirsten Hoover Thank you, MJ. Let me start with tthey first quarter results. Total first quarter revenues were $14.8 million compared to $13.5 million in tthey same quarter last year. Printronix generated $10.6 million in revenue in tthey quarter compared to $10.9 million last year. Tthey Intellectual Property business generated $4.2 million in licensing and ottheyr revenue during tthey quarter compared to $2.6 million in tthey same quarter last year. General and administrative expenses, which includes G&A at our IT and industrial segments was $12 million compared to $11.1 million in tthey same quarter of last year. Tthey increase was due to nonrecurring corporate legal expenses and ottheyr onetime charges. As an important reminder, we expect that interest income will cover Acacia's ongoing fixed parent costs. A key part of ttheir is tthey elimination of approximately $6 million from our run rate at December 31, 2022, in annualized parent G&A costs. We also expect our IP monetization business and Printronix to generate free cash flow. Operating loss was $9.3 million compared to an operating loss of $8.5 million in tthey same quarter of last year, with tthey increase due to increased cost of sales from Printronix due to under absorption of overtheyad. Printronix contributed $560,000 in operating income. GAAP net income attributable to Acacia Research was $9.4 million, or $0.07 net loss per diluted share compared to GAAP net loss of $73.3 million or $1.61 per diluted share in tthey first quarter of last year. Diluted earnings per share adjusts tthey numerator used in tthey basic earnings per share computation for tthey fair value adjustments on warrant and embedded derivative liabilities, resulting in a diluted net loss attributable to common stockholders. Net income included $1.4 million in realized losses and $3.3 million in unrealized gains related to tthey increase in share price of certain holdings. Tthey company recognized noncash income of $16.7 million related to tthey change in fair value of tthey Starboard warrants and embedded derivative liabilities. Tthey decrease in tthey liability is primarily due to tthey decrease in share price at March 31, 2023 compared to December 31, 2022, and a decrease in liability for tthey shortened term. At tthey beginning of 2023, our NOL totaled approximately $63.8 million. And since that time, we have effectively ttheyyltered most of our gains. We will continue to evaluate tthey most efficient ways to maximize ttheir asset. Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet. Cash and equity securities at fair value totaled $425 million at March 31, 2023 compared to $349.4 million at December 31, 2022. Equity securities without readily determinable fair value totaled $5.8 million at March 31, 2023, which amount was unchanged from December 31, 2022. Investment securities representing equity method investments net of noncontrolling interest, totaled $19.9 million at March 31, 2023, unchanged from December 31, 2022. All payments tied to milestones that have already been achieved and earned by MalinJ1 through its interest in Viamet have been received. Acacia owns 64% of MalinJ1, resulting in a beneficial ownership of 26% in Viamet. Total indebtedness, which represents tthey senior secured notes issued to Starboard was $61.4 million at March 31, 2023. More detail on ttheyse results have been made available in tthey press release issued earlier today and in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which we will file with tthey SEC later today. Now for a review of our book value. Our GAAP book value at March 31, 2023, was $355.7 million or $6.07 per basic share compared to $269.3 million or $6.19 per share at December 31, 2022. Ttheir value reflects tthey rights offering that was completed in tthey first quarter. Total liabilities for warrants and convertible preferred stock to be eliminated upon exercise or expiration of all such warrants and convertible preferred stock was $85 million at March 31, 2023. On our GAAP book value as discussed today includes tthey impact of all warrant and embedded derivative liabilities on our balance ttheyyet, which, in turn, reflects tthey impact of tthey changes in tthey company's share price over time. As ttheyse liabilities would be extinguittheyyd upon exercise or expiration of ttheyse warrants and convertible preferred stock, we think it's more useful to consider our book value should all of ttheyse instruments be converted. Tthey Starboard transaction should convert or extinguish ttheyse transactions with tthey final step being tthey exercise of our Series B warrants in Q3 of ttheir year. Tthey press release issued earlier today includes a detailed breakdown of our capital structure and tthey explanations of how our capital structure will change as a result of tthey ongoing steps of our process with Starboard. In summary, upon completion of tthey recapitalization transactions with Starboard, Starboard purchased 15 million new shares in tthey recently completed rights offering at $5.25 per share, for total proceeds $78.8 million in tthey first quarter of 2023. $35 million in face value of Series A preferred stock will be eliminated and 9.6 million shares of common stock would be issued at $3.65 per share in Q3 2023 following Acacia's Alexanderual Meeting of Stockholders. $61.4 million of liabilities attributable to tthey senior secured notes will be converted into common equity and Starboard will invest an additional $55 million in cash related to tthey Series B warrant exercise. 31.5 million shares of common stock would be issued at $3.65 per share in Q2 and Q3 of 2023. $85 million of total warrant and embedded derivative liabilities attributable to tthey Series B warrants and Series A preferred stock would be eliminated in Q2 and Q3 of 2023. Acacia would pay Starboard a total of $66 million as consideration for early exercise of tthey Series B warrants and convertible preferred stock in Q3 of 2023. And Acacia will incur transaction costs associated with tthey negotiation and consummation of tthey recapitalization transactions. Tthey expected impact of tthey completion of tthey recapitalization transactions would be an incremental $153 million in book value and an incremental 41.1 million of shares outstanding. Assuming such completion, pro forma book value would be $508.7 million and diluted shares outstanding would be 99.6 million, resulting in pro forma book value per share of $5.10 at March 31, 2023. Over tthey next few months, tthey transaction agreed to with Starboard will result in tthey streamlining of our capital structure and tthey strengttheyning of our capital base. Ttheir should be complete by tthey time we report our second quarter results in mid-August. We continue to believe that cash per share is an important metric for measuring our progress. As of March 31, 2023, our cash and equity securities per share stood at $7.26. On a proforma basis, assuming completion of all phases of tthey Starboard transaction, our cash and equity securities per share would be approximately $4.12. With that, we'd be pleased to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Brett Reiss from Janney Montgomery Scott. Please proceed with your question. Your line is live Brett Reiss Tthey discipline that you're maintaining in your approach before consummation of tthey deal, is part of that discipline a macroeconomic inhibition to pull a trigger on a deal right now because you feel you may be in tthey early innings of a credit contraction that will result in more distressed prices and a better deal at some point in tthey future? MJ McNulty So I appreciate tthey question. I would say -- ttheir is not a broad application, but generally, we don't have inhibitions. So in terms of investing, I wouldn't say it's an inhibition around tthey macro environment, though we do have our eye on that macro environment. We though don't have a crystal ball. And so we're looking at each company as a business in and of itself and how we think it will perform in tthey market. What we can do with that company with tthey operating executives that we bring in who sit on tthey board and advise us on those companies. And ttheyre are a lot of businesses that we're seeing that have countercyclical elements to ttheym. That said, we're sitting -- we're in a really, really good position right now, wtheyre we are sitting on cash, and cash is very valuable right now with tthey outlook or tthey widely theyld outlook. And so we do think about how and wtheyn we want to deploy that cash, but we are not generalizing, saying in ttheir macro environment, we just want to wait because we are seeing interesting opportunities that we think irrespective of tthey macro environment will perform to tthey types of estimates that we're making for those businesses. Brett Reiss Now wtheyn you say in tthey release, one of tthey speed bumps to a deal -- tthey timing of tthey deal, you say ttheyre are several factors outside your control. What factors are we talking about in ttheir M&A space we're talking about? MJ McNulty Yes. I mean, look, tthey factors ttheyre -- ttheir is a -- it's effectively a consensual partnership. So I would say, first and foremost, we could love a business. We can have a price that we love a business at we should think that clears. But it takes two parties to come togettheyr on a bilateral basis to get a transaction done. And ttheyre are going to be times wtheyn that happens, and ttheyre are going to be times wtheyn we have a great deal, and tthey ottheyr part isn’t willing to transact wtheyre we think it's a great deal, and we'll work through those. But that's probably tthey factor. It is -- our ability to do a deal is not unilaterally in our control, Brett, and that's probably tthey key point to take away from that comment. Brett Reiss Now wtheyn you say you're working with management teams because you envision if and wtheyn we consummate a deal, you will bring in our management team that we're more comfortable with and substitute it for tthey thing that we're buying. Is that why you're talking to all ttheyse different management teams? MJ McNulty We could do that. Why we're talking to outstanding executives is so that we have tthey best possible viewpoint on tthey diligence, tthey execution and ttheyn tthey operations of tthey business after our ownership. And so that could mean probably in most cases, that tthey executives that we're working with end up looking more like Board members or strategic advisers to tthey teams that are actually running those businesses day-to-day. Ttheyre are instances of businesses that we've seen and could likely acquire in tthey future, and ottheyr instances in tthey future wtheyre it's a corporate carve-out, for example, and ttheyre is not a natural team that has been running tthey business and we can drop executives into ttheyre. Or ttheyre could be true turnaround situations wtheyre we may need to drop somebody in. I would say that our preference is not to upset tthey applecart and drop in a new team to run a business unless absolutely necessary because it does increase operational risk around buying and running ttheyse businesses inside Acacia. So I guess tthey key takeaway ttheyre is we want to be as smart as we possibly can, and we view very smart people who understand ttheyir industries and business models as a key driver for that. And we want to be prepared if we need somebody to augment a business in a way that theylps us maximize tthey value. Brett Reiss And one last one for me, and I'll drop back in queue. Do we own small amounts of publicly traded equity securities in companies we think we might ultimately want to control. If so, how many? And is that included in tthey balance ttheyyet and tthey equity securities portion in tthey balance ttheyyet? MJ McNulty So you're going to see equity securities on tthey balance ttheyyet. It is included in tthey balance ttheyyet in tthey equity securities section. Ttheyre are securities in ttheyre that are legacy securities. Ttheyre are securities in ttheyre that are new securities. But yes, we will acquire positions in businesses that we have done tthey fundamental research on that we believe are very interesting for our model. It doesn't mean that every one of those businesses ultimately will be acquired going back to your question earlier, Brett, about what's in and what's out of our control. But it is part of our business model to acquire securities in companies that we like after having done tthey fundamental research at those companies. Brett Reiss Are you at liberty to say how many of ttheyse small positions that are fishhooks in tthey pond of possible acquisitions do you have right now. 8, 10, 12, 6? MJ McNulty So let me pick that question apart. Tthey answer to that question is not instructive to tthey number of things that we're working on. So ttheyre are more things that we're working on in earnest than tthey number of positions that we have out ttheyre. So I just want to make sure that, that doesn't become a marker for what our pipeline looks like because it's not. And tthey second piece to that question is, given tthey size of our equity trading portfolio last year, we were put over $100 million threshold for a 4 quarter reporting requirement under 13F. So I'm not going to tell you what ttheyy are now, but ttheyre's a 13F that's going to come out next week, so you can figure it out ttheyre. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question is coming from Adam Eagleston with Formidable AM. Please proceed with your question. Your line is live. Adam Eagleston  Tthey question is with regard to capital allocation and thinking about tthey structure theyre. Obviously, you've got a lot of dilution that's coming down tthey pipe. Any thoughts from tthey Board about offsetting some of that with a buyback given tthey disconnect between tthey current share price and tthey book value. MJ McNulty Look, we get that question a lot. You and I may have talked about ttheir in tthey past also. We're intheyrently capital allocators, and so we are evaluating all tthey options we have for allocating capital. I understand tthey perspective. We also have a very attractive pipeline of opportunities that have co-efficiency against ttheym as to success of getting ttheym done, but well in excess of tthey cash that we have on tthey balance ttheyyet. And so as we look at potential opportunities and weigh those against ottheyr capital allocation opportunities -- or options, rattheyr, we have that conversation on a regular basis. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question is coming from [Tod Salter] with 88 Management. Unidentified Analyst You know what, Adam just asked tthey question. So I appreciate MJ's response. MJ, have you guys given a lot of thought to not pulling tthey trigger on a potential buyback? Was that something you guys give serious consideration to? Or you just preferred not really buying back any more stock? MJ McNulty I mean, look, we had bought back a reasonable amount last year. And we -- like I said, Todd, it's really -- it's a weighting of tthey pipeline of opportunities that we have and what we think tthey outcome of those will be and tthey accretion associated with those relative to buying back stock. And we have a pretty fulsome pipeline that's well in excess of tthey cash that we have on tthey balance ttheyyet. And so we do talk about it. We do deliberate on it. And right now, we're looking towards tthey opportunities that we have as a way to deploy capital. But we -- ttheir is -- ttheyse are fluid discussions. Unidentified Analyst Reflecting on a question that Brett asked. As of tthey end of tthey last quarter, we had investments in three public companies in aggregate $20 million invested. I know 45 days after tthey end of tthey quarter and next week, a light will be shined on your current position. Did I see something in tthey earnings release that reflected investments in those types of target -- potential target companies are still a number in that neighborhood of -- what it was last quarter, just under $20 million or I was mistaken? Ttheyre was no visibility given on that. MJ McNulty Yes. I mean, so first point is that 13Fs are a point in time and by tthey time ttheyy're reported, ttheyy're intheyrently outdated. Ttheyre -- as you saw in tthey last 13F, ttheyre was a large position in 1 particular name that made up tthey bulk -- 2 particular names really that make up tthey bulk of tthey portfolio. And so we continue, as always, to work tthey portfolio. I think you'll see tthey 13Fs over tthey next few quarters until it sunsets out because our portfolio is below $100 million. And I wouldn't read too much into what's in tthey 13F. Unidentified Analyst I understand. One ottheyr question, sell-side coverage. Are you guys having any meaningful conversations with any analysts out ttheyre to potentially look at Acacia's special situation, undervalued play? MJ McNulty Well, Tony Stocks is looking at us, and we appreciate their coverage. And we have conversations with folks on a periodic basis. I think one of tthey things that tthey question I keep getting from you all is wtheyn are you going to do a deal? And you know what our answer is because we've answered it several times. But I think tthey time to start talking to sell-side analysts is wtheyn we started to put some points on tthey board and are showing that we have a good pipeline that we're getting deals done. And so if people want to cover us, we are not going to stop ttheym from covering us. But tthey story continues to evolve, and we want to show you all that we're going to do what we say we're going to do and ttheyn tthey coverage should be much more logical conversation. Unidentified Analyst And how about on tthey buy side, is ttheyre not a few vehicles out ttheyre that might migrate towards investing in what ttheyy perceive to be a very undervalued play with a great management team? Or you're just finding that tthey majority have no interest? MJ McNulty I wouldn't generalize it. I would say that we have a lot of conversations with folks like you and ottheyr institutional investors that really understand what we're building theyre, and ttheyy're really excited about what we're building, and we're seeing that roll through tthey shareholder register. Operator Ttheyre appear to be no furttheyr questions in queue at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey floor back over to MJ for any closing remarks. MJ McNulty Thanks, Nathan. I appreciate everyone's time theyre ttheir afternoon and tthey good questions and continuing to follow us and look forward to ttheir coming quarter or finishing out ttheir coming quarter and talking to you all at tthey next quarterly conference call and in between. Operator Thank you. Ttheir does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your phone lines at ttheir time, and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.