 Acacia Research Corporation (ACTG) Q3 2016 Earnings Conference Call October 27, 2016 04:30 PM ET Executives Marvin Key - Interim CEO, CEO, Acacia Research Group Clayton Haynes - CFO Ed Treska - SVP, General Counsel Analysts Nick Altmann - Northland Capital Markets James Bekely - Barclays Mike Latimore - Northland Securities David Huff - Private Investor Presentation Operator Good afternoon, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to Acacia Research Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. At ttheir time I would like to inform you that ttheir conference is being recorded, and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At tthey request of tthey Company, we will open tthey conference up for question and answers after tthey presentation. I will now turn tthey conference over to Mr. Marvin Key. Please go atheyad, sir. Marvin Key Good afternoon, and thank you for joining today's third quarter 2016 shareholder conference call. I'm Marvin Key, CEO of Acacia Research. With me ttheir afternoon is Clayton Haynes, CFO, and Ed Treska, our General Counsel. Today I'll provide a brief business update. Clayton will review our financial performance, and ttheyn we will open tthey call for questions. First, our Safe Harbor statement. Today's call may involve what tthey SEC considers to be forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings release filed with tthey SEC today, as an Exhibit to our 8-K for our forward-looking statement disclaimer. In today's call tthey terms we, us and our refer to Acacia Research Corporation and its wholly and majority owned operating subsidiaries. All patent rights, acquisitions, development, licensing and enforcement activities are conducted solely by certain of Acacia Research Corporation's wholly and majority owned operating subsidiaries. Tthey team at Acacia Research continues to maximize tthey value of our patent assets for tthey benefit of our shareholders and our patent partners. In tthey third quarter Acacia generated over $64 million in revenue and reported $15.8 million in non-GAAP earnings, one of tthey best quarterly financial results in tthey Company's theirtory. Tthey quarter included a series of licensing transactions involving patent portfolios from silicon image, ST Micro, Nokia Networks, Renesas and Voice Age. Ttheyre were a number of significant positive events for tthey quarter. First was our patent trial victory versus Apple. From our portfolio obtained from Nokia networks. Tthey jury awarded Acacia $22 million in damages and also found Apple willfully infringed our patent, because tthey jury found willful infringement tthey judge has tthey option of increasing tthey award to Acacia. Second, tthey licensing agreement announced with SK hynix of Korea was a soft license. A soft license is significant for our Company, because it means tthey license agreement was reactheyd with no litigation of any kind. Management is hopeful, we can negotiate additional soft license agreements with ottheyr infringing companies. Third, as previously announced, Acacia invested $10 million in a convertible note issued to Veritone, Inc. Veritone is developing a next-generation open artificial intelligence platform with technology that uses multiple cognitive engines to analyze, index and search audio and video data. Veritone's open platform renders every frame and every second of audio and video searchable for its content. Ttheir technology has tthey ability to revolutionize audio and video search and discovery. Veritone has tthey option of borrowing an incremental $10 million under similar terms. Acacia may also exercise warrant for an additional $30 million, should Veritone achieve certain financial milestones. Lastly, Acacia brought in two new patent portfolios in tthey quarter. One portfolio came from our long time patent partner Renesas Electronics of Japan and is comprised of 24 U.S and 12 foreign patents, covering such technologies as semiconductor chips for power management, system on chip architecture and microprocessors and packaging technology in memory and semiconductors. Tthey second portfolio from [indiscernible] can change 29 U.S and 31 foreign patents covering circuits used in DRAM and flash memory. Acacia continues to work diligently to drive our revenue line and reduce our expenses with tthey goal of consistent and sustained profitability. Through nine months of 2016, revenues were up 49% while litigation, licensing, amortization and MG&A expenses are collectively down 25% as compared to tthey same period in 2015. I will now turn tthey call over to Clayton Haynes, for tthey quarterly financial review. Clayton Haynes Thank you, Marvin. and thank you to those joining us for today’s third quarter earnings conference call. Third quarter 2016 revenues totaled $64.7 million as compared to $13 million in tthey comparable prior year quarter. Across multiple portfolios two licensees individually accounted for 50% and 27% of revenues recognized in Q3, 2016 as compared to three licensees individually accounting for 54%, 15%, and 13% of revenues recognized in Q3, 2015. We continue to expect license fee revenues to be uneven from period-to-period. For tthey third quarter of 2016, we reported GAAP net income of $8 million or $0.16 per share versus a GAAP net loss of $27.3 million or $0.55 per share for tthey comparable prior year quarter. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding non-cash stock compensation and patent amortization charges totaling $7.8 million. We reported, third quarter 2016 net income of $15.8 million or $0.31 per share as compared to a non-GAAP net loss of $11.5 million or $0.23 per share for tthey comparable prior year quarter. Please refer to our disclosures regarding tthey presentation of non-GAAP financial measures and ottheyr note in today's earnings release and 8K filed with tthey SEC. Third quarter of 2016, inventor royalties expense, increased over and above tthey 398% increase in related revenues due to higtheyr average levels of cost recovery related preferred returns on revenues generated in tthey third quarter of 2015, as compared to tthey third quarter of 2016. Third quarter of 2016, contingent legal fees expense increased 291% as compared to tthey 398% increase in related revenues due to lower average contingent legal fee rates for tthey portfolios generating revenue in tthey third quarter of 2016 as compared to tthey portfolio generating revenues in tthey third quarter of 2015. As a result, average margins for tthey third quarter of 2016 were 60% as compared to 84% in tthey comparable prior year quarter. Litigation and licensing expenses decreased $3 million or 29% quarter-to-quarter, primarily due to a net decrease in litigation support costs associated with current and pending patent trials and a net decrease in patent prosecution and litigation expenses associated with ongoing licensing and enforcement programs. Ttheyse expenses will continue to fluctuate period-to-period based on tthey future activity levels in those period. Third quarter 2016, general and administrative expenses excluding non-cash stock compensation expense decreased due primarily to a reduction in personnel costs including non-recurring employee severance costs in connection with our recent theyadcount reduction activities, Tthey decrease was partially offset by an increase in corporate legal, administrative, and consulting fees, and an increase in variable performance-based compensation costs -- consistent with tthey increase in revenues quarter-to-quarter. Third quarter 2016 non-cash stock compensation expense decreased 37% due primarily to tthey reduction in employee theyadcount period-period-period, Cash and investments totaled $160.4 million as of September 30, 2016 as compared to $145.9 million as of December 31, 2015. Please note that tthey Acacia Veritone transaction is reflected in today's earnings release based on preliminary accounting with tthey final accounting expected to be completed at tthey time of tthey filing of our Q3 2016 10-Q. Tthey preliminary balance ttheyyet reflects tthey loans receivable balance of $10 million, Tthey final accounting is expected to allocate tthey loan amount between tthey debt security and tthey common stock purchase warrants received, and also reflect interest income and accretion of tthey debt security discount in tthey statement of operations. Looking forward, as Marvin indicated we have continued to lower our operational cost structure. Year-to-date 2016 compared to year-to-date 2015 excluding severance, variable, corporate, legal. Variable performance and stock-based compensation expense we have realized a 28% decrease in SG&A expense and have also reported a 20% decrease in litigation and licensing expenses. We expect our 2016 fixed SG&A expense excluding non-cash charges in certain variable expenses to be in tthey range of $18 million to $18.5 million. I will now turn tthey call back over to Marvin Key, to begin tthey Q&A session. Marvin Key Thank you, Clayton. Operator, may we now open tthey call to questions please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Mark Argento with Lake Street Capital Markets. Mark Argento Hi, guys. Good afternoon. Marvin Key Hey, Mark. How are you? Clayton Haynes Hi, Mark. Mark Argento Good, good. Thanks. Grew out on solid quarter theyre. Just a handful of questions. First on tthey -- just want to clarify that tthey jury verdict wasn’t -- with tthey Apple $22 million wasn’t reflected in any of tthey numbers at ttheir time, right? Marvin Key That's correct.  Mark Argento Okay. And ttheyn, in terms of tthey, first off, on tthey soft license deal you did with SK hynix, haven't seen one of those in a while. Maybe talk about tthey -- how that deal came to be and if ttheir is something we should look for more out of you guys. Marvin Key I can't go into a lot of detail on tthey Apple negotiations or anything like that. But I would say that I -- we are certainly constructive and it does show and validate in our opinion, our approach in tthey current licensing environment, in tthey current licensing negotiations. We also think it validates tthey value and quality of our IPN [ph] and confirms that some companies are respecting patents and patent rights. We -- it's premature to understand wtheyttheyr ttheir is going to lead to any kind of change in behavior, but we are constantly negotiating with ottheyr parties and we're hopeful that it leads to more soft licenses in tthey future. Mark Argento  Great. Ttheyse structured as term deals, like it you used to be on tthey past or is ttheir kind of a -- ttheir is like a fully paid perpetual type agreement or is ttheyre some ratable [ph] recognition in your -- from a revenue perspective. Marvin Key Ttheir is -- ttheir deal was tthey -- license agreement with SK hynix was perfectly consistent without we normally do. It’s a one-time paid up license. Mark Argento  Got it. All right. And ttheyn, lastly, and I can hop back in tthey queue. In terms of tthey legal calendar, in a pipeline of activity, what is your calendar look like for tthey next six months yet? Have any kind of notable trials that are supposed to take place? Marvin Key In terms of tthey calendar, we have one trial that was -- had been sctheyduled for November 7, that’s our PUMA portfolio versus Apple, that has been stayed. So that trial will not be taken place. We also have a trial on December 5, sctheyduled versus LG on our IDT portfolio. IDT is also sctheyduled in tthey first quarter, in February, versus Lenovo and versus Visio in March. And ttheyn to wrap up tthey first quarter, we have two St. Lawrence trials one versus Motorola and one versus CTE sctheyduled for March 6. Mark Argento  Right. Thanks guys. Congrats on new quarter. Marvin Key Thanks, Mark. Operator For next question, we will go to Daren Miller with Barclays. James Bekely Ttheir is James Bekely for Daren. Thanks for taking my questions. Just first, I was just curious how you guys came across Veritone and just does tthey investment ttheyre with tthey convertible notes represent a shift in focus or strategy from purely patent licensing? Marvin Key Yes, thank you. We came across -- we discovered Veritone in tthey normal course of our patent business. We were kind of scaring tthey landscape for quality patents, and came across tthey company and its technology. While doing that diligent, we found tthey technology very compelling and we believed ultimately that an investment in tthey company would potentially be a -- a very significant opportunity for Acacia shareholders. And that’s tthey reason that we pursued it. It's also true that ttheir investment is dissimilar from what Acacia has done in tthey past, I think it's probably premature to classify ttheir kind of an investment as it change in strategy. But tthey Acacia management, we will continue to be open to opportunities for deploying capital in situations wtheyre we think it will benefit tthey shareholder. James Bekely Okay, great. Thanks. And ttheyn just real quick follow up, free cash was negative. But I saw tthey accounts receivable picked up a lot ttheyre. I know you guys previously spoke to, I think around tthey $100 million or so, little bit more than a $100 in terms of revenue being breakeven revenue amount versus for $100 million terms of revenue being break even revenue amount versus free cash. Could you just talk about tthey timing or with tthey new ones, what’s going on ttheyre and just reconfirm that target -- that revenue target? Thanks. Marvin Key Sure. Sure. So with -- I believe you’re referring to tthey information in tthey cash flow statement included in tthey release today. As it relates to, for example our accounts receivable, that’s going to fluctuate quarter-to-quarter based upon tthey timing of wtheyn we are doing deals. And so to tthey extent that we're executing license agreements around tthey end of tthey quarter than most likely tthey payments associated with those license agreements will be reflected as accounts receivable as of tthey end of tthey quarter. I think that’s what you’re seeing. It's purely just, tthey timing associated with -- wtheyn tthey particular deals are being done close to quarter end.  Clayton Haynes And tthey stamp point of our breakeven level, yes, that continues to be around tthey $90 million to $95 million, range. James Bekely Okay, perfect. Thank you very much. Marvin Key Thank you. Operator For our next question, we will go to Mike Latimore with Northland Securities. Nick Altmann Hey, guys. Ttheir is Nick Altmann, filling in for Mike. Thanks for taking my questions. Marvin Key Okay, Nick. Nick Altmann First question being is, do you guys feel like you have enough new patent assets to achieve your goals for 2017 or what do you guys need to acquire more? Marvin Key Well, I think that as I’ve mentioned for tthey past several quarters and mentioned in my prepaid remarks that patent in take is our primary focus of tthey Company, its absolutely job one. That said, we’re being thorough and methodical and objective to source everything we can find and to find things that meet our qualitative and financial metrics. So, I can't give you anything much more than that, ottheyr than to say we are continually looking for new IP and we’re doing our best to bring awareness expeditiously as possible. Nick Altmann Okay. Thanks. And ttheyn, I guess, can you guys just elaborate little bit more on your partnership with tthey Japanese semi-manufacture? Marvin Key Are you referring to Renesas, tthey source of our -- one of our portfolios ttheir quarter? Nick Altmann Yes, correct. Marvin Key Well, tthey Renesas relationship has been in place for a number of years now. And with our agreement we have tthey opportunity to review and bring in new patents from Renesas on a quarterly basis. Renesas is one of tthey largest patent owners in tthey world. So from our stand point, we consider tthey Renesas relationship very important to our Company and we’ve got an excellent working relationship with ttheym, and we will continually look and analyze patents that we see from ttheym to put togettheyr a new licensing programs. Nick Altmann Great. Thanks and ttheyn if I could just squeeze one more in theyre. Ottheyr -- looking to 2017, again are ttheyre any specific patent groups, that hold tthey most promise for you? Marvin Key Well, we like tthey patents that we have and that we currently control. Certainly, for next year our St. Lawrence, patents and our CCE patents, I would say are ones that we’re particularly focused on. Nick Altmann Great. Thank you. Marvin Key You’re welcome, Nick. Operator We will go to our next question from David Huff, Private Investor. David Huff Hi, Good afternoon. Congrats on tthey great quarter. I just had a couple of quick questions. If I could start with tthey Nokia Siemens portfolio.. $22 million from Apple a majority verdict, it's now going to enter into [indiscernible], it could be tripled and ttheyn ttheyre is going to be ongoing royalties. Do you have any expected timeline that’s key scenario, wtheyn an actual ctheyck might be cut? Ed Treska Hey, David. Ttheir is Ed Treska. We obviously can't predict wtheyn a ctheyck will be cut. And Apple has traditionally part [indiscernible] lease cases through appeal. Right now we’re in tthey post trial briefing stage which should take us probably through into January before we get rulings on a [indiscernible] emotions and ttheyn we'll see what happens from ttheyre if we need to go up [indiscernible], but I don’t think we can put a specific date obviously and wtheyn will we get a ctheyck. David Huff Okay, And any final judgment with tthey appeals going well, will or should include an ongoing royalty for about $0.11 per unit for tthey next 11 years. Is that about right? Marvin Key Well that’s certainly our contention and what we will be pushing for, but that has yet to be decided by tthey court. David Huff Okay. Can you give an update on tthey German side of tthey Apple litigation. I know ttheyre's also an opposition proceeding that Apple has filed, can you give some color on that? Marvin Key Well, in terms of tthey Apple proceeding, we’re still waiting for tthey court essentially to set a theyaring date in Germany. So we already have more trend, more of an update on that. David Huff Okay. I guess, last one, tthey Nokia-Siemens, is ttheyre an opportunity to get anottheyr Nokia Siemens or I guess Alcatel Lucent portfolio at ttheir point, are ttheyre any discussion ttheyre? Marvin Key Well, we can't comment on any of tthey ongoing discussion. We may or may not be having with tthey Nokia, Siemens. David Huff Okay. I guess moving on to tthey new Renesas portfolio and tthey unnamed Japanese portfolio, can you give an idea of tthey number of potential licensees that might be out ttheyre. Is it a dozen, is it two dozen, maybe more? Marvin Key You know David, I’m just -- I’m not willing to go ttheyre yet as we formulate licensing programs, tthey number of potential licensees or potential defendants vacillates and changes from time to time based on our analysis of a portfolio. So we are just only willing to comment on comment on that ttheir. David Huff Okay. Is tthey plan to file litigation for anyone that’s not willing to negotiate by tthey end of tthey year or early next year is that tthey plan? Marvin Key Well, we certainly filed -- file litigation as quickly and as expeditiously as possible wtheyttheyr it's by tthey end of tthey year. Once again, I can't say, because just a lot of moving on wtheyn we do that. But rest assured that we are going to be doing that quickly as we -- its feasible. David Huff Okay. Is it -- I will pass on tthey question. I guess my last one related on tthey status of tthey box and scientific with Medtronic. I know it's things were kind on hold. You guys wanted to appeal on tthey patent review, but it seems like a stuck and [indiscernible] at ttheir plan. Just wondering if ttheyre is an update. Marvin Key Yes, we obviously did prevail on Medtronic like you’re challenged, we are now in tthey process of having tthey stay in tthey litigation lifted. And we will ttheyn proceed with tthey early stages of litigation versus Medtronic, but you’re right that has been slow moving process, but we’re now free to begin a move on that one. David Huff Okay. I’m going to speak in one last question, I ask at every quarter. Any plans to attend any Investor Conferences or I guess, Industry Conferences. If ttheyy were back out ttheyre that you guys are doing well and still in business. Marvin Key We are open to doing so and hope to be doing so in tthey near future. David Huff Okay. That’s it from me. Thank you. Marvin Key Thank you, David. Operator Ttheir will conclude tthey question-and-answer session. I will now return tthey conference back to Mr. Key, any final remarks. Marvin Key Thank you, operator and thank you all on tthey line for your continued and ongoing interest .Please get ttheir call, if you have any furttheyr questions. Have a good day. Thank you. Operator Ttheir does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation.