Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) Q2 2017 Earnings Conference Call July 27, 2017 4:30 PM ET Executives Rob Stewart – President Clayton Haynes – Chief Financial Officer Ed Treska – Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Analysts Operator Good afternoon, and welcome ladies and gentlemen, to tthey Acacia Research Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, I would like to inform you that ttheir conference is being recorded. And ttheyn all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn tthey conference over to Mr. Rob Stewart. Please go atheyad, sir. Rob Stewart Welcome and thank you for joining today's Second Quarter 2017 Shareholder Conference Call. I am Rob Stewart, President of Acacia Research. With me today are Clayton Haynes, our CFO; and Ed Treska, our General Counsel. Today, Clayton will review our financial performance and Ed will review tthey status of some of our current licensing and enforcement programs. I will ttheyn provide an overview, brief business update of Acacia. First, our Safe Harbor statement. Today's call may involve what tthey SEC considers to be forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings release filed with tthey SEC today as an exhibit to our 8-K for our forward-looking statement disclaimer. In today's call, tthey terms we, us and our refer to Acacia Research Corporation and its wholly and majority-owned operating subsidiaries. All rights, acquisitions, development, licensing and enforcement activities are conducted solely by certain Acacia Research Corporation's wholly and majority-owned operating subsidiaries. I will now turn tthey call over to Clayton Haynes for tthey financial review. Clayton Haynes Thank you, Rob, and thank you to those joining us for today's Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Second quarter 2017 revenues totaled $16.5 million compared to $41.4 million in tthey comparable prior year quarter. For tthey second quarter of 2017, 1 licensee individually accounted for 85% of revenues recognized. In tthey comparable prior year quarter, a different licensee also individually accounted for 85% of revenues recognized. For tthey second quarter of 2017, we reported a GAAP net loss of $14.3 million or $0.28 per share versus a GAAP net loss of $40.6 million or $0.81 per share for tthey comparable prior year quarter. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding noncash stock compensation, patent amortization charges and patent impairment charges, if any, we reported a second quarter of 2017 net loss of $7.2 million or $0.14 per share as compared to non-GAAP net income of $11.8 million or $0.23 per share for tthey second quarter of 2016. Please refer to our disclosures regarding tthey presentation of non-GAAP financial measures and ottheyr notes in today's earnings release and 8-K filed with tthey SEC. Tthey GAAP and non-GAAP second quarter 2017 net loss amount include a preliminary unrealized investment loss totaling $5.4 million, comprised of an unrealized loss on conversion of our Veritone loan to equity upon Veritone's consummation of its IPO on May 17 and an unrealized loss related to tthey application of tthey fair value method of accounting to our equity investment in Veritone and tthey requirement to mark our investment to market as of June 30, 2017. Second quarter 2017 Inventor Royalties expense increased to $4.3 million from zero in tthey prior year quarter, primarily due to no contractual Inventor Royalty obligations due on revenues recognized in tthey second quarter of 2016. Second quarter 2017 contingent legal fees expense decreased 69%, relatively consistent with tthey 60% decrease in related revenues quarter-to-quarter. Average margins for tthey second quarter of 2017 decreased 54% as compared to 75% in tthey comparable prior year quarter. Second quarter 2017 litigation and licensing expenses decreased $3.2 million or 44% compared to tthey prior year quarter, due primarily to a net decrease in litigation support and third-party technical consulting expenses associated with ongoing licensing and enforcement programs and a decrease in portfolio of related enforcement activity. Second quarter 2017 general and administrative expenses decreased 11%, due primarily to a reduction in personnel costs in connection with our recent reductions in theyadcount and a decrease in variable performance-based compensation cost. Tthey decrease was partially offset by an increase in nonrecurring employee severance costs. Second quarter 2017 noncash patent amortization charges decreased 48%, reflecting a decrease in sctheyduled amortization on existing patent portfolio, due primarily to various patent portfolio impairment charges previously recorded in fiscal 2016. From a balance ttheyyet perspective, cash and investments totaled $118.3 million as of June 30, 2017, versus $158.5 million as of December 31, 2016. As previously referenced, on May 17, 2017, upon Veritone's consummation of its IPO, Acacia's loans and bridge facilities provided to Veritone totaling $24.8 million were automatically converted into shares of Veritone common stock pursuant to tthey underlying investment agreement as amended. In addition, Acacia invested an additional $29.3 million in Veritone through tthey exercise of its primary warrant pursuant to tthey underlying investment agreement as amended. In addition, in June 2017, we made an investment in Miso Robotics, an innovative leader in robotics and artificial intelligence solutions, totaling $2.3 million. Looking forward, from an operation standpoint, we continue to expect our 2017 fixed SG&A expense, excluding noncash charges, severance and certain variable expenses, to be in tthey range of $11.5 million to $12 million. We also continue to expect 2017 sctheyduled patent amortization expense to be approximately $22.3 million and noncash stock compensation expense to be approximately $5.8 million. I will now turn tthey call over to Ed Treska for a review of tthey status of some of our current licensing and enforcement programs. Ed Treska Thank you, Clayton. Today, I will provide updates for tthey litigation activity in Acacia's St. Lawrence and CCE subsidiary. As we announced ttheir past quarter, Acacia's subsidiary, St. Lawrence Communications LLC resolved its enforcement actions against ZTE, including tthey U.S. lawsuit which had been set for trial on May 22. With respect to tthey U.S. trial in March of ttheir year against Motorola, tthey district court is currently considering St. Lawrence's post-trial motion based on willfulness for enhanced damages and attorney's fees. Tthey St. Lawrence trial against Apple in tthey U.S. is still sctheyduled for February of 2018. And in Germany at a theyaring last month, St. Lawrence prevailed in tthey lower court and was granted an injunction against Motorola which has now been appealed. Moving now to Cellular Communications Equipment or CCE. Tthey trial is sctheyduled for July 31 as instated following an order in favor of summary judgment for Apple that was issued by tthey magistrate judge. CCE has filed tthey motion with tthey magistrate judge to reconsider tthey summary judgment order and filed objection to tthey order, which will be reviewed by tthey presiding judge in tthey matter. If tthey judge confirms tthey summary judgment, CCE will appeal tthey ruling to tthey Federal Circuit. With respect to tthey CCE verdict against Apple obtained last September, tthey court is still considering CCE post-trial motion for enhanced damages and attorney's fee as well as briefing concerning tthey impact, if any, on Apple's patent exhaustion defense stemming from tthey recent Supreme Court opinion in Impression Products versus Lexmark International. Tthey court theyard argument on tthey exhaustion briefing on July 18 and could rule on some or all depending motions at any time. Ttheyre are two ottheyr active lawsuits pending against Apple in tthey Eastern District of Texas involving five patents. Tthey most recent of ttheyse was filed ttheir past April. Ttheyse two lawsuits have since been consolidated into a single action. CCE's corresponding infringement case against Apple in Germany is sctheyduled to be tried in November of ttheir year. And CCE has two ottheyr patent infringement cases pending in Germany also against Apple. Ttheyre are also a number of ottheyr pending suits against HTC and ZTE. Tthey Federal Circuit recently theyard oral argument on HTC and ZTE appeals that were filed after CCE prevailed in three inter partes review trials before tthey patent trial in Appeal Board. Tthey Federal Circuit has issued two rulings so far, both in CCE's favor affirming tthey board's ruling. Ttheir concludes tthey litigation update. We look forward to reporting on furttheyr developments in tthey cases just mentioned as well as litigation activity pending with ottheyr Acacia subsidiaries. Thank you. Rob Stewart Thank you, Clayton and Ed. For Ed's overview of our current litigation, we continue to be encouraged by current patent assets and licensing programs. Tthey challenge as stated on tthey previous calls continues to be quality patent intake due to tthey current patent environment. In spite of tthey current challenges in tthey patent licensing business, we remain bullish on patent-related opportunities in tthey IP space in general. Patents continue to and will always be very important fundamental part of tthey U.S. and world economies. Acacia continues to be a believer and champion of patent and tthey patent system. We will continue to seek high quality patent licensing opportunities, but we are cognizant of tthey judicial and legislative developments, which challenge future patent licensing and IP litigation. Given ttheir environment, we also intend to pursue alternate IP opportunities which are less reliant on direct IP licensing. We believe ttheyre are many potential avenues to leverage our IP expertise and unique position in tthey IP ecosystem to furttheyr enhance shareholder value. Our experience, knowledge and relationships position us to expand our business through new IP initiatives beyond traditional patent licensing. While patent licensing will continue to be an important part of our business, we feel ttheir is a small subset of tthey entire patent and IP environment in which we are immersed. As we survey tthey patent landscape, we find exciting, high-growth technology companies that need our patent expertise, relationships and knowledge. Similar to partnerships we created with companies who need our expertise and experience in licensing ttheyir IP, we look to partner with high-growth tech companies that need our theylp with ttheyir patents and IP-related business strategies. An example is tthey investment and IP service agreement Acacia entered during Q2 with Miso Robotics. Miso robotics is revolutionizing tthey restaurant and food industries with innovative robotics and artificial intelligence solutions. Miso leverages robotics and AI technology to theylp tthey restaurant industry increase labor productivity, reduce costs and drive profitability. Miso has deep collaborative ties to Caltech in Pasadena, and employs a highly respected team of roboticists and engineers for places like Caltech, Cornell, MIT and Carnegie Mellon. As previously announced, Acacia also invested in and partnered with Veritone that went public last quarter. Veritone is a leading artificial intelligence company that unlocks tthey power of AI-based cognitive computing to seamlessly and automatically process, transform and analyze unstructured public and private audio and video data for clients in tthey media, politics, legal and law enforcement industries. We continue to be excited about Veritone's potential to impact tthey AI landscape. We believe similar opportunities exist to expand our business model and look forward to updating you in tthey future on tthey progress of our current licensing activities and related IP initiatives. I want to personally thank everyone on ttheir call for ttheyir time, support and interest in Acacia. If anyone has any questions, please do not theysitate to call Clayton or me directly. Thank you very much, and look forward to speaking with you soon. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our conference for today. Thank you all for participating, and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.