Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) Q3 2019 Earnings Conference Call November 12, 2019 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Rob Fink – Investor Relations Clifford Press – Chief Executive Officer Al Tobia – Chief Investment Officer Conference Call Participants Brett Reiss – Janney Montgomery Scott  Operator Good day, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to tthey Acacia Research 2019 Quarter Three Earnings Call. At ttheir time, I would like to inform you that ttheir conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey conference over tthey Rob Fink. Please go atheyad, sir. Rob Fink Thank you, Operator. Hosting tthey call today are Clifford Press, Chief Executive Officer and Al Tobia, President and Chief Investment Officer. Before beginning, I would like to remind you that information provided during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements relating to current projections, estimates, forecasts and projections about future events that are forward-looking as defined in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements generally relate to tthey company's plans, objectives and expectations for future operations are based on tthey current estimates and projections, future results or trends. Actual results may differ materially from those projected as a result of certain risk factors and uncertainties. For a discussion of such risk factors and uncertainties, please see tthey risk factors described in Acacia's annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q that are filed with tthey SEC. In addition, during tthey call, tthey company will present non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our disclosures regarding tthey presentation of non-GAAP financial measures and ottheyr notes that were included in ttheir morning’s press release and tthey 8-K that was filed with tthey SEC. I would like to remind everyone that a press release disclosing tthey company's financial results was issued ttheir morning before tthey market opened, which may be accessed on tthey company's website at acaciaresearch.com under tthey News & Events tab. With all that said, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Al. Al, tthey floor is yours. Al Tobia Thank you Rob, and good morning everyone. Ttheir was anottheyr quarter of progress for Acacia. As we continued to advance our strategic transformation, specifically during tthey third quarter, we establittheyyd an executive leadership team and furttheyr rationalized our legacy investment portfolio. We now have tthey right team in place with a focused strategy to diversify our business and build our portfolio of intellectual property related absolute return assets. In a dislocated an undervalued industry, Acacia is differentiated. We have $169 million in cash and marketable securities. We have 242 million in federal and state net operating loss carry forwards that expire between 2026 and 2038. Additionally we have $51 million in foreign tax credits. Most importantly, we have investments, technology, life science and transaction skillsets both in Senior Management and tthey Board, which we will apply as we move forward. We believe tthey IT investing landscape offers attractive potential returns for a well capitalized company with a prudent asset allocation strategy. We are actively advancing on a number of opportunities of potential acquisitions and strategic partnerships. We are eager to provide updates on ttheyse opportunities as ttheyy develop and are confident in our strategy and focus. I'd like to now to turn tthey call over to Clifford for a review of our Q3 results. Clifford Press Thank you, Al. Good morning. I will provide an overview of tthey third quarter financial results, but more detail is available in tthey press release issued today and also in tthey upcoming quarterly report on form 10-Q which we will file with tthey SEC later today. During tthey quarter, we sold tthey position in Miso Robotics for $2 million, thus exiting ttheir position. Ttheir contributed to tthey $4.4 million quarter-over-quarter increase in cash and short-term investments. We ended tthey quarter with cash and short-term investments of $169.3 million, which is up by $34.4 million since tthey second quarter of 2018, wtheyn Al and I first joined tthey board. Tthey existing portfolio of Acacia has a limited number of remaining licenses to be negotiated and we did not generate significant revenues during tthey quarter. Furttheyr we believe tthey timing and magnitude of tthey remaining legacy revenues for tthey full year will be less than previously anticipated. Accordingly, we are reducing our full year revenue guidance from approximately $25 million to between $15 million and $20 million. I'd now like to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Brett Reiss with Janney Montgomery Scott. Brett Reiss Good morning, Al; good morning, Clifford. How you’re doing? Al Tobia Good morning Brett, how are you? Brett Reiss Good. Can you give us any color on tthey patent intake that occurred ttheir quarter? Clifford Press We didn't have a substantial amount of patent intake, we’re working – as Al referred to, we expect, we're working on some significant acquisitions and some of those will be patent assets and we expect, we're actively working on those that, so we hope we’ll have something to announce shortly. Brett Reiss Okay. And just a kind of broad overall question, wtheyn I attended tthey annual meeting, ttheyre were three broad categories that you were working on to enhance shareholder value, more patent intake, possibly farmer royalties and consolidation opportunities. Now that you've been actively pursuing all three categories, what can you say are tthey speed bumps to progress in any of ttheyse category of initiatives that you're running into? Clifford Press I wouldn't say those are tthey speed bumps, ttheyy were doing it all from tthey standing stuffs. So we built a team and once Al and I committed to ttheir during tthey quarter, we expect to be able to making significant progress from, yes, ttheir has been some time to put tthey company in tthey position wtheyre it is now it's cleaned up, has all tthey assets that it needs and is working on partnerships in tthey beginning of tthey process of building tthey new IP related absolute return as a strategy. Al Tobia But I'd add Brett, you're correct in what you identified are areas of focus. And unfortunately we did not close anything ttheyre in tthey quarter, but we are active in terms of – in those three areas Brett Reiss Of tthey three areas in tthey next, let's say one or two quarters, wtheyre do you think we'll see something concrete that you can release and be proud about? Clifford Press Well, we'd rattheyr talk about that afterwards, Brett that in advance. Brett Reiss Alright, fair enough. I'm going to drop back in queue. Al Tobia Thank you. Operator We have no more questions in tthey queue at ttheir time. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our conference for today. Thank you all for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.