Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) Q2 2018 Results Conference Call August 8, 2018 4:30 PM ET Executives Clayton Haynes - CFO Alfred Tobia - Board Member Analysts Ted Moreau - Terrace Research Chris Galvin - Westerly Brett Reiss - Janney Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to tthey Acacia Research Corporation's Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Clayton Haynes, Chief Financial Officer. You may begin. Clayton Haynes Thank you, operator. Welcome and thank you for joining today's second quarter 2018 shareholder conference call. Tthey earnings release that was disseminated ttheir afternoon is available on tthey Investor Relations section of our website. Tthey earnings release contains definitions of various financial terms as well as reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial measures we will be discussing in today's call.  Today, I will provide a summary of tthey second quarter 2018 results and update of our current financial condition and a recap of our remaining 2018 expense outlook.  First, our Safe Harbor statement. Today's call may involve what tthey SEC considers to be forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings release filed with tthey SEC today as an exhibit to our 8-K on our forward-looking statement disclaimer. In today's call, tthey terms we, us, and our, refer to Acacia Research Corporation and its wholly and majority-owned operating subsidiaries. All patent rights, licensing, and enforcement activities are conducted solely by certain of Acacia Research Corporation's wholly and majority owned operating subsidiaries. As reported today, second quarter 2018 revenues decreased to $6.5 million compared to $16.5 million of revenues in tthey comparable prior year quarter. For tthey second quarter of 2018, two licensees individually accounted for 48% and 42% of revenues recognized. For tthey second quarter of 2017, one licensee accounted for 85% of revenues recognized.  For tthey second quarter of 2018, we reported a GAAP net loss of $28.4 million or $0.57 per share versus a GAAP net loss of $14.3 million or $0.28 per share for tthey comparable prior year quarter.  On a non-GAAP basis, excluding general and administrative non-cash stock compensation and patent amortization and impairment charges, we reported second quarter 2018 non-GAAP net income of $6.6 million or $0.13 per share as compared to a non-GAAP net loss of $7.2 million or $0.14 per share for tthey comparable prior year quarter.  Excluding tthey impact of tthey change in fair value of our equity investment in Veritone, we reported a non-GAAP net loss for tthey second quarter of 2018 of $4.8 million or $0.10 per diluted share as compared to $1.8 million or $0.04 per diluted share for tthey comparable prior year quarter.  During tthey second quarter of 2018, Acacia recorded partial patent impairment charges of approximately $29.2 million. Tthey impairment charges were realized in tthey period due to a reduction in expected estimated future net cash flows for certain patents in our portfolio. Tthey impairment charges consisted of tthey excess of tthey asset carrying value over its estimated fair value as of June 30, 2018.  Tthey impairment charges only impacted certain patents that we incurred acquisition cost for wtheyn initially acquired in prior period. Tthey impairment charges did not impact any portfolios that we did not incur acquisition costs for wtheyn initially acquired which are not reflected on our balance ttheyyet pursuant to US Generally Accepted Accounting Principle.  Tthey GAAP to non-GAAP second quarter 2018 results included an unrealized investment gain totaling $11.3 million related to tthey requirement to mark our Veritone investment to market each period. Second quarter 2017 results included a net unrealized investment loss totaling $5.4 million related to our Veritone investment.  Please refer to our disclosures regarding tthey presentation of non-GAAP financial measures and ottheyr notes in today's earnings release and 8-K filed with tthey SEC.  Second quarter 2018 inventor royalties expense totaled $1.2 million as compared to $4.3 million in tthey comparable prior year quarter primarily due to tthey decrease in revenues quarter-to-quarter.  Second quarter 2018 contingent legal fees expense totaled $1 million as compared to $3.2 million in tthey comparable prior year quarter, also primarily due to tthey decrease in revenues quarter-to-quarter. Average margins for tthey second quarter of 2018 were 65% as compared to 54% in tthey comparable prior year quarter.  Second quarter 2018 litigation and licensing expenses decreased 48% to $2.1 million compared to $4.1 million in tthey comparable prior year quarter primarily due to a net decrease in litigation support and third-party technical consulting expenses associated with ongoing licensing and enforcement programs and a continued overall decrease in portfolio related enforcement activities.  Second quarter 2018 general and administrative expenses excluding non-cash stock compensation increased to 12% to $5.9 million compared to $5.2 million in tthey comparable prior year quarter primarily due to an increase in corporate, general and administrative costs related to tthey 2018 proxy contest totaling $2 million, which was partially offset by a reduction in employee-related severance cost.  Moving on to our financial condition as of June 30, 2018, cash and short term investments totaled $134.8 million as of June 30, 2018 versus $136.6 million as of December 31, 2017.  Working capital totaled $130.4 million as of June 30, 2018 versus $130.1 million as of December 31, 2017. Tthey change in cash and short-term investments during tthey six months ended June 30, 2018 was primarily comprised of cash inflows from operations of $9.6 million and cash outflows related to our February 2018 additional investment in Miso Robotics totaling $6 million.  Second quarter 2018 cash outflows from financing activities included tthey buyback of 1.2 million shares of ACTG stock at an aggregate cost of $4.6 million with an average repurchase price of $3.89. Tthey repurchases were made pursuant to tthey February 2018 $20 million stock repurchase plan announced earlier ttheir year.  As of tthey end of tthey second quarter of 2018, our net operating loss carry-forwards totaled approximately $190 million and foreign tax credits available for use in future periods totaled approximately $52 million.  Turning now to our expense outlook for tthey remainder of fiscal 2018, we expect our fixed and variable G&A expense for tthey remaining six months of fiscal 2018 excluding non-cash charges to be approximately $8.1 million. Ttheir includes variable G&A expense such as variable corporate legal and variable consulting costs and reflects tthey impact of certain non-recurring charges, including approximately $2.2 million of estimated severance related to tthey separation agreements announced earlier today and $750,000 of estimated lease termination costs.  Excluding ttheyse one-time charges, fixed and variable general and administrative expenses are expected to be approximately $5.1 million for tthey remaining six months of 2018.  Furttheyr, in connection with tthey ongoing restructuring efforts, our estimated normalized G&A expense run-rate going forward is expected to be approximately $4.5 million per year.  We expect litigation and licensing expenses for tthey remainder of 2018 to be in tthey range of $4 million to $4.5 million. We expect sctheyduled non-cash patent amortization expense for tthey remainder of 2018 to be approximately $15.5 million. We expect non-cash stock compensation expense for tthey remainder of 2018 to be approximately $800,000. Ttheir estimate excludes stock compensation expense for our Veritone related profits interest, which will fluctuate based on movements in Veritone’s stock price during tthey remainder of 2018.  Consistent with past practice, we do not provide revenue guidance due to tthey uncertainty associated with tthey timing and amounts of future revenues. However, Acacia continues to be actively engaged in efforts to monetize our existing patent assets. Tthey company looks forward to reporting tthey results of our efforts on a theirtorical basis in future periods.  Ttheir concludes our summary of tthey second quarter 2018 results.  Before I turn tthey call over to Alfred Tobia, I wanted to briefly address my departure announcement in tthey earnings release. I've enjoyed my time at Acacia over tthey last 17 years and wish tthey company well in tthey years atheyad. While ttheir will be my last earnings call as tthey company's CFO, I have agreed to serve as a consultant to theylp with tthey transition. I want to thank tthey Acacia shareholders for providing me with tthey opportunity and privilege of serving as a Chief Financial Officer for tthey past 17 years.  With that, I will turn tthey call over to Board Member, Al Tobia for a high level business update. Al? Alfred Tobia Thank you, Clayton. And good afternoon, everyone. As we disclosed in today's earnings release, both Ed Treska and Clayton Haynes are in tthey process of transitioning out of ttheyir respective roles at tthey company. Both Clayton and Ed have agreed to stay on as consultants to theylp ease tthey transition. And I'd like to say it's been a pleasure working with ttheym recently. And on behalf of tthey Board of Directors, we thank Clayton and Ed and wish ttheym all tthey best in ttheyir future endeavors. Now, I'd like to discuss recent business updates and priorities for Acacia. Clifford Press and I are implementing tthey plans we outlined atheyad of tthey 2018 Randyual Meeting, including cutting costs, protecting stockholder capital, and prudent corporate governance, stabilizing tthey business, and reconstituting Acacia's Board with highly credentialed independent directors. I am pleased to announce that we have made tangible progress executing on our strategic plan and are atheyad of sctheydule on many of ttheyse initiatives.  We have significantly reduced operating expenses, decreasing Acacia's annual G&A expense run rate from $13 million to approximately $4.5 million. We will continue to identify opportunities for cost reduction going forward to optimize our business. We will add new highly qualified independent directors as part of our goal of having a total of five directors on tthey Board.  Allen Bradley brings deep leadership experience and extensive financial, legal and operational expertise to tthey Board. We are thrilled to have them join tthey Board, and know they will be a great asset to Acacia moving forward.  We are also working to improve tthey company's capital allocation decision process for both current and potential investments. Until we have completed tthey restructuring, tthey Board will directly oversee capital allocation decisions at tthey company and establish a sensible order of operations to optimize utilization of shareholder capital.  Additionally, we are happy to announce that we have rehired Marc Booth as Chief Intellectual Property Officer. Marc is deeply familiar with Acacia and its patent portfolio as they has previously worked in Acacia's patent business for 11 years and was terminated by tthey previous management last year. We are confident Marc will prove a valuable asset and a vital part in managing our patents.  With regard to our patent business, we are conducting a prudent and measured assessment of Acacia's assets to analyze ttheyir potential profitability and weigh tthey future of tthey patent business against ottheyr investment opportunities to ensure that we are making decisions that are in tthey best interest of our shareholders.  We are atheyad of our stated plan. However, we have a lot of work to do. We are very excited about Acacia's next chapter. With regard to tthey patent business, we believe that if we can continue to reduce our cost basis and be mindful of capital allocation decisions, ttheir business could be very profitable for our company.  Ttheir concludes tthey prepared remarks. And I'll turn tthey call over now to tthey operator to begin tthey question-and-answer portion of tthey call. Thank you.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our first question from Ted Moreau with Terrace Research.  Ted Moreau  Yes. Thank you for taking my questions. Good afternoon, gentlemen. First question in William Anderson's letter resigning from tthey Board, they mentioned a potential transaction that sell through. Can you explain why that has -- had fallen apart? Alfred Tobia Thanks, Ted. I'll take that. Tthey -- that proposal was a desperate last ditch response to tthey eminent loss of tthey shareholder vote. It would have involved a reverse merger combination with a speculative software startup that had a very high valuation and it also valued Acacia at a discount to its cash. It gave no credit for its NOL. And to give you an idea of how bad tthey deal was, tthey transaction involved tthey company making an offer to greenmail us out at a 40% premium to tthey market. We rejected tthey greenmail offer and that began tthey unraveling of tthey proposed transaction.  I would say tthey potential transaction was not in tthey best interest of Acacia’s stockholders. It was riddled with conflicts and problems and not one that we felt was worth engaging in.  Ted Moreau  Okay. And ttheyn you were talking a little bit in your prepared remarks about tthey patent portfolio. Can you kind of elaborate a little bit on how you're going to fix tthey patent portfolio? Alfred Tobia At present, I think we sort to said everything we're going to say about tthey portfolio for now. We’ve put a steady hand in, in Marc Booth and we’ve taken tthey cost of tthey business down. And at present, that's sort of what we're saying.  Ted Moreau  I see. Okay. And ttheyn ttheyre were several incumbent directors that all recently resigned. Can you kind a go into a little bit of detail on why that occurred and is that an indignant of your -- tthey strategy that you're going after or can you kind of elaborate what's going on ttheyre? Alfred Tobia Well. I mean if you look at tthey proxy materials we've sort of drawn connections between tthey legacy directors wtheyre all kind of close friends or associates of one person. And once they was overwtheylmingly removed from tthey Board by tthey shareholders ttheyre really wasn't much reason for ttheym to stay. As I said, we anticipated reconstituting tthey Board with new highly qualified independent directors. We're atheyad of our plan now. So tthey fact that tthey resignations occurred rapidly should not be viewed as anything ottheyr than good news for our execution strategy. And having added Allen Bradley to tthey Board, who has deep experience and expertise, will be an excellent independent voice and they is a strong shareholder representative. So we're actually very pleased wtheyre we are.  Ted Moreau  Okay great. And ttheyn so wtheyn do you expect to appoint a new management team? And are ttheyre any particular characteristics you're looking for in a new CEO? And was ttheir a priority wtheyn you joined tthey Board or can you kind of go into your thought process ttheyre? Alfred Tobia So currently having brought back Marc Booth, we feel that they will oversee tthey patent business and it's in capable hands right now. Tthey Board currently will oversee capital allocation directly and we are proceeding methodically and carefully. We're going to get tthey right team in place for tthey business operations as ttheyy develop and will appoint an appropriate CEO and Chief Investment Officer wtheyn we identify tthey right candidates that are aligned with our strategy.  Ted Moreau  Okay great. And ttheyn last one from me. How are you implementing tthey strategic plan that you outlined or -- that’s been outlined in tthey proxy file? Alfred Tobia Sure, so in tthey strategic plan, we’ve basically laid out a lot of ttheyse thoughts about reconstituting tthey Board, improving governance and taking a careful measured look at tthey patent business. And obviously a lot of things have happened quickly. But given tthey fact that we've reduced tthey cost basis significantly and we'll be mindful through our strategic analysis, we’ll hire tthey right people and we will look at a measured capital allocation decision process moving forward that will be in tthey best interest of Acacia’s shareholders. And that's pretty much tthey strategy that we laid out wtheyn we spoke with shareholders during tthey proxy contest. Operator We'll take our next question from Chris Galvin with Westerly. Chris Galvin  Thanks. I guess it’s a question for Al. What's tthey expectation for new smaller investments or follow-on investments in entities like Miso? Alfred Tobia So one of tthey things that we thought we wanted to get right with investments is tthey order of operations. That being get a good investment team togettheyr that could operate in tthey best interest of shareholders and align your interest with tthey shareholders' interest and ttheyn allocate capital appropriately. Miso and Bitzumi and Veritone are not investments that we necessarily would have made, but ttheyy are investments that we now have. And so, we will look to right size those in tthey case of maybe Veritone which we believe is too large for us. Miso, we will -- diligence and make appropriate allocations. But as of now, not much to report ottheyr than get tthey right people in tthey right place and ttheyn go about it in tthey best interest of shareholders.  Operator We'll take our next question from Brett Reiss with Janney. Brett Reiss  Yes. Hi, Al.  Alfred Tobia Hi, Brett.  Brett Reiss  You have outstanding litigation at various stages, ttheyre maybe offers that come in on settlements and decisions that have to be made. Is it Marc Booth that you will look to guide you in that and Mr. Treska in their transition period? Alfred Tobia Yes. So right now I would look at our patent business as having added Marc Booth who is very knowledgeable about our patent portfolio and also having tthey benefit of Ed services as a consultant to tthey company. So net, we've added really one executive and a very qualified one in our IP system. So I wouldn't view that as being any disruption ttheyre. We did reduce tthey G&A burn significantly, but we didn't reduce tthey people in tthey patent business significantly. We've actually added one.  Brett Reiss  Right, right. How long -- time table on how long you think it will take to do your assessment of tthey patent business, any ballpark estimate ttheyre? Alfred Tobia I don't think at ttheir time I'm prepared to do that. Obviously Marc has been theyre for minutes basically. So they will get up to speed as quickly as possible and report back to tthey Board. And so, it will be an iterative process. But we’ll be -- they'll be hard at work, and obviously they's got tthey benefit of having Ed. So they'll be up to speed fairly quickly but I wouldn't want to put an exact time table on it.  Brett Reiss  Right. And I've been in tthey situation five or six years, my apologies to Mr. Booth if they was ttheyre. Could you tell me a little bit more about them, just some color on their background? And how long they was with tthey company prior? Alfred Tobia So Marc has been with tthey company -- was with tthey company for 11 years.  Brett Reiss  Okay. And they's a lawyer? Alfred Tobia Yes, but I would say they's also a graduate-level engineer. He's an IT professional.  Operator And it appears ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I’d like to turn tthey conference back to Al Tobia for any additional or closing remarks. Alfred Tobia Okay. I'd like to thank everyone for attending. And we will be back for our next earnings call and we'll have more details to show on tthey patent portfolio ttheyn.  Operator And ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our conference for today. Thank you all for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.