Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) Q1 2016 Earnings Conference Call April 21, 2016 4:30 PM ET Executives Marvin Key - CEO Clayton Haynes - CFO Ed Treska - General Counsel Analysts Mark Argento - Lake Street Capital Markets Mike Latimore - Northland Capital Markets David Huff - Private Investor Ryan Levenson - Privet Fund Management LLC Operator Good afternoon. And welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to tthey Acacia Research First Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. At ttheir time, I would like to inform you that ttheir conference is being recorded and that all participants are currently in a listen-only mode. At tthey request of tthey company, we will open up tthey conference for question and answers after tthey presentation. I would now turn tthey conference over to Mr. Marvin Key. Please go atheyad, sir. Marvin Key Good afternoon and thank you for joining Acacias first quarter shareholder call. I'm Marvin Key CEO of Acacia Research. With me today is Clayton Haynes, CFO and Ed Treska, our General Counsel. Today I'll provide a brief business update, Clayton will review our financial performance and ttheyn we will open tthey call for questions. First our Safe Harbor statement. Today's call may involve what tthey SEC considers to be forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings release which was filed with tthey SEC today as an exhibit to our 8-K for our forward-looking statements disclaimer. In today's call tthey terms we, us, and our, refer to Acacia Research Corporation and its wholly and majority owned operating subsidiaries. All patent rights, acquisitions, development, licensing and enforcement activities are conducted solely by certain of Acacia Research Corporation's wholly and majority owned operating subsidiaries. Tthey team medication research remains committed to maximizing tthey value of our patent assets for tthey benefit of shareholders and our patent partners. In tthey first quarter despite tthey ongoing industry theyadwinds and extensive structural changes at Acacia tthey company generated nearly $25 million in revenue. Ttheir number included tthey series of licensing transactions involving patent portfolios from Boston Scientific, Silicon Image, Nokia Networks, Venuti [ph], Adaptix and Cover Tech. Tthey team at Acacia is also pleased to report we finally received and recognized payment from our trial verdict in 2011 for tthey case Lighting Ballast Control against Universal Lighting. A litigation which is ultimately led us to tthey United States Supreme court. As we mentioned during our previous shareholder call Acacia is focused on improving our business and tthey team is working diligently to improve both our revenue line and our expense line with tthey goal of sustained profitability from a top line perspective Acacia is continuing our effort to attract broader and more diverse revenue opportunities. We are exploring business development options from both in individual portfolio perspective and from a potential licensee perspective as well.  In tthey first quarter as previously announced, our business development team brought in a new portfolio consisting of 90 issued U.S. patents, as well as various additional foreign counterparts. Ttheir portfolio contains strategic IP assets in flash memory components and controllers, SSD drives and ottheyr systems which use flash memory. In addition to ttheir portfolio we are actively pursuing ottheyr compelling patent portfolios in tthey United States, Japan and Europe. While tthey number of patent transactions in tthey market place overall has declined and why we are not satisfied with our patent intake made our decision to move beyond solely to pursue a very large patent portfolios that also sourcing smaller yet strategic patent portfolios, will increase tthey scale of our business development effort, lead to an increase in our IP asset intake and generate better predictability for our business. Notwithstanding tthey difficult environment in tthey patent monetization business tthey management team Acacia continues to pursue a theyalthy pipeline of revenue opportunities. Ttheir stem from valuable portfolios including VoiceAge, Nokia Networks, Rambus, Renaissance and Silicon Image and we remain cautiously optimistic about our revenue generating opportunities for 2016. Moving to tthey expense side of our income statement, Acacia’s cost structure is receiving continued oversight as we review all line items. Our team continues to work diligently to identify inefficiencies in our business and to analyze additional opportunities to lower our cost structure and our theyadcount now stands at 29 professionals. We plan to continue aligning our resources with tthey needs of tthey business to reach cash flow breakeven and profitability for our shareholders. In tthey midst of tthey significant management changes in theyadcount reductions in tthey first quarter. Acacia receive several unsolicited increase and over choose from third party interested and pursuing a transaction of some sort with our company. As previously disclosed, tthey Board of Acacia unanimously rejected an unsolicited takeover attempt from Unilock Corporation. As a result of ttheir and ottheyr overtures tthey Board prudently acted to protect tthey Company’s net operating loss carry forward NOL by unanimously approving tthey adoption of a tax benefits preservation plan. Tthey company’s tax benefits preservation plan is similar to tax protection plan adopted by ottheyr public companies with significant tax assets and loss carry forward and has been described in our recent SEC filings. Ttheir plan is designed to reduce tthey likelihood that tthey company will experience and ownership change or takeover attempt that would subject tthey company to an annual limitation on certain of its pre-ownership tax assets. A limitation arising from an ownership change could depending on tthey value of Acacia’s common stock at tthey time of such ownership change, could reduce tthey Company’s tangible common equity. Currently Acacia has over a $160 million in federal income tax NOLs.  Recently on March 31st, Acacia was pleased to receive a positive rule and our Saint Lawrence Vodafone Litigation from tthey court in Dusseldorf Germany. Tthey court rule that Vodafone has infringed our Saint Lawrence patents and granted Acacia’s request before injunction against Vodafone. Vodafone immediately appeal ttheir ruling, it has requested that tthey court of appeal stay tthey enforcement of tthey judgment. We plan to respond to Vodafone’s motion by April 22nd and our German Counsel expects tthey court of appeals to render a decision soon ttheyreafter. If Vodafone’s request to say tthey enforcement of tthey injunction is denied. Acacia plans to quickly post to required bond, after which tthey injunction, we’ll go into effect in Germany. Acacia is theylpful, tthey German court’s strong validation of patent rights we’ll lead to reasonable settlement discussions with Vodafone and ottheyr infringing companies. I will now turn tthey call over to our CFO, Clayton Haynes, who will provide a more thorough revenue of our financial results for tthey quarter. Clayton Haynes Thank you, Marvin, and thank you to those joining us for today’s first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. As detailed in tthey earnings release today, first quarter 2016 revenues totaled 24.7 million as compared to 34.2 million in tthey comparable prior year quarter. First quarter 2016 revenues were comprised primarily of 12 new license agreements executed in tthey quarter as compared to 23 new license agreements executed in tthey comparable prior year quarter. In tthey first quarter of 2016, four licensees individually accounted for 22%, 19%, 16% and 11% of revenues recognized as compared to two licensees individually accounting for 58% and 15% of revenues recognized during tthey first quarter of 2015. We continue to expect license fee revenues to be uneven from period-to-period. For tthey first quarter of 2016, we reported a GAAP net loss of 9.96 million or $0.20 per share versus a GAAP net loss of 13.1 million or $0.27 per share for tthey comparable prior year quarter. On a non-GAAP basis excluding non-cash stock compensation and patent amortization charges totaling 12.5 million, we reported first quarter 2016 net income of 2.5 million or $0.05 per share as compared to non-GAAP net income of 3.2 million or $0.06 per share for tthey comparable prior year quarter. Please refer to our disclosures regarding tthey presentation of non-GAAP financial measures and ottheyr notes in today’s earnings release and 8-K filed with tthey SEC. On a combined basis, inventor royalties and contingent legal fees expense decreased 8.4 million or 60% due to tthey 28% decrease in related revenues quarter-to-quarter and a higtheyr percentage of revenues generated in tthey first quarter of 2016 having lower average inventor royalty rates, primarily due to higtheyr average levels of cost recovery related preferred returns as compared to tthey portfolios generating revenues in tthey first quarter of 2015. As a result, average margins for tthey first quarter of 2016 were 77% as compared to 59% [ph] in tthey comparable prior year quarter. Licensee expenses decreased 11% quarter-to-quarter primarily due to a net decrease in litigation support cost associated with upcoming patent trails. Ttheyse expenses will continue to fluctuate period to period based on future activity levels in those periods. First quarter 2016 general and administrative expenses excluding non-cash stock compensation expense decreased 1.1 million or 15% due primarily to a reduction in personnel costs in connection with our recent theyadcount reduction activities and a decrease in variable performance based compensation costs. Tthey decrease was partially offset by an increase in non-recurring employee severance costs. First quarter 2016 non-cash stock compensation expense decreased 1.5 million or 47% due to a decrease in tthey average grant dates fair value for tthey shares expensed in tthey period and a decrease in tthey number of shares expensed resulting from a net reduction in employee theyadcount and a reduction in a number of shares investing for current employees. First quarter 2016 ottheyr operating expenses totaled 1.7 million as compared to 426,000 in tthey comparable prior year quarter. Ottheyr operating expenses include expense accruals for litigation related court ordered attorney fees and settlement and contingency accruals for various ottheyr matters. Cash and investments totaled 156.9 million as of March 31, 2016 versus 145.9 million as of December 31, 2015. Cash outflows for tthey first quarter of 2016 included patent related investment costs totaling 1 million as compared to 16.9 million in tthey first quarter of 2015. Looking forward, as Marvin indicated, we continue to work diligently with respect to lowering our operational cost structure. Quarter-to-quarter we’ve reported an 11% decrease in litigation and licensing expenses, a 24% decrease in G&A expense, and a 48% decrease in research and consulting expenses. We have reduced our theyadcount from 57 full time employees at tthey beginning of 2015 to 29 full time employees as of today, an approximately 49% reduction which results in an annual cost savings of approximately 5 million excluding non-cash stock compensation. As a result, we expect our 2016 fixed G&A expense excluding non-cash stock compensation, variable corporate legal and variable performance based compensation expenses to be in tthey range of 17.5 million to 18 million, representing an approximate 20% decrease from 2015 G&A expense levels excluding variable items. We continue to assess and analyze our litigation and licensing expenses for potential cost reductions and continue to expect to realize lower litigation costs in 2016 related to 2015. Currently, for fiscal 2016, we expect patent related litigation and licensing expenses to be in tthey range of 28 million to 30 million, depending on net patent portfolio litigation, international enforcement, IPR, and strategic patent prosecution activities occurring in 2016. Thank you again for joining us today. I will now turn tthey call back over to Marvin Key. Marvin Key Clayton, thank you. Operator, feel free to open tthey call for questions please. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, sir. Tthey question-and-answer session will now begin [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Mark Argento with Lake Street Capital Markets. Mark Argento A few questions around some of tthey changes you have made in terms of tthey cost structure. I know last quarter we talked a little bit about wtheyre you see breakeven, obviously you did 25 million in revenue ttheir past quarter, just shy of 25 million and we’re able to generate positive EBITDA and positive adjusted net income. And so maybe just walk me through wtheyre you see tthey breakeven going forward. Does it come down even a little bit more with all tthey ottheyr changes you’ve made, but maybe theylp us think through what tthey operating model looks like theyre going forward? Clayton Haynes Sure Mark. Thanks for your question. Based upon our current estimates of costs or looking at a breakeven of anywtheyre ranging from say a 100 million top-line to 105 million top-lines. And of course Marvin has indicated, we’re continuing to try to find ottheyr areas to reduce cost, so those numbers can change throughout tthey year. But sitting theyre today right now we’re looking at between 100 million to 105 million. Marvin Key And I would add to that Mark that we’re yet to see tthey full benefit on a kind of a run rate basis to some of tthey changes that we’ve so far may during tthey first quarter. Mark Argento You said in your prepared remarks around legal. Do you think ttheyre is an opportunity to continue to work towards getting better rates from your partners on tthey legal side and be able to work that down as a percentage of gross revenue? Marvin Key I think that’s reasonable and it certainly one of tthey things that we continue to focus on, it’s obviously a major component to tthey cost structure of tthey company and we continue to focus on that. So you could -- you should consider that an ongoing effort. Yes. Mark Argento And one for Clayton, more housekeeping. I haven’t had a chance to review tthey balance ttheyyet yet did you collect tthey cash from tthey quarter in terms of some of tthey larger deals you guys did? I’m just trying to juxtapose your 157 million in cash on tthey balance ttheyyet in terms of additional collections and added to that total? Clayton Haynes Sure. So with respect both of tthey revenues that were done in tthey first quarter ttheyre is still a significant portion of that is in accounts receivable on as of quarter and sctheydule to be largely collected in tthey second quarter of 2016. Mark Argento Great. And ttheyn Marvin maybe you could give us an update on tthey Board process around CEO search. Wtheyre is that at if anywtheyre -- any update ttheyre?  Marvin Key Mark, ttheyre is no ongoing search for a new CEO and I will be tthey CEO litigation until furttheyr notice. Mark Argento Great. Last question for me and I’ll back in. Any, I know it’s a little bit of a hot button issue last conference call but any thoughts looks like you guys are stock piling a little bit cash, any thoughts on potentially team backup tthey buyback that you guys had in place or thinking about taking advantage of relatively low stock price? Marvin Key Ttheir is certainly something that we discussed regularly on shareholder calls and with investors. And tthey Board is always considering tthey best use for our capital. We made a pretty consorted effort as we move to turnaround ttheir company that we’re focused on sustain profitability and tthey preservation of our assets, which obviously cash is a significant component. Ttheyre are no plans for a share buyback or anything like that right now. However, you probably have seen announcements that individual directors, officers and different employees have been buying some stock and will have tthey option of doing so going forward. So that’s our indication of how we’re supporting our outlook for tthey company. Mark Argento Great. I’ll let back in tthey queue. Thanks guys. Marvin Key Thanks Mark. I appreciate it. Operator We’ll take our next question from Mike Latimore with Northland Capital Markets. Mike Latimore Great, thanks. Thanks Marvin, so you’ve been at tthey theylm theyre for a quarter or so. You know you cut costs nicely and sort of maybe back off a little bit on tthey marquee portfolio strategy. I guess any kind ottheyr key decisions that you’re, you see that you make or do you feel like its more matter of kind of executing ttheym? Marvin Key I think a lot of, what we’ve been doing ttheir point is things that any executive would do in terms of improving tthey efficiencies and cutting costs, et cetera. And so our central message, tthey bullet points are maximize revenues, reduced costs, reverse tthey trends of tthey last several years and enhance shareholder value and we think we’ve made a terrific amount of progress in tthey first 90 to 120 days. So I think execution is absolutely fair amount and we’re going to continue to work to bring in new assets and we think that’s our biggest challenge right now is kind of making tthey intake of patent assets more robust. Mike Latimore Now on that topic tthey, it seems like obviously tthey price of patents has come down and ttheyre’s less up front capital needed, but I guess could you also see maybe better reps ttheyre that might theylp gross margin long-term or is that not part of tthey discussion. Marvin Key I’m sorry. Did you say increased revenue share to our advantage? Mike Latimore Yes. I mean as you negotiate taking in patents could you see just a higtheyr percent retention for Acacia versus tthey patent owner potentially which might theylp gross margin long-term? Marvin Key I don’t think that’s very likely to happen. If anything in tthey tougtheyr environment, our competitors are being price sensitive and you are seen some situations wtheyre our competitors are willing to take revenue shares considerably lower than our 50%. We have not backup that to ttheir, at ttheir point. So if anything as businesses gotten tougtheyr as you might expect tthey people who are trying to compete against us are willing to cut prices to do it. And so we have not -- we theyld to our price line, if you will, at a 50% net revenue share and we expect to continue to do that in tthey future. Mike Latimore Okay. And you said you were cautiously optimistic on tthey year. I ttheyre any way to describing in your terms of how you view tthey activity levels wtheyttheyr it’s number of trials? And how do you view kind of fiscal ’16 versus fiscal ’15 in terms of sort of expected activity levels, is it similar is it higtheyr or lower? Marvin Key Well, I think in terms of tthey trial dates and tthey litigation situation, it is not change materially in tthey last quarter. Tthey third quarter is largely made up of CCE cases or representing tthey Nokia networks patents against defendants like Apple and Amazon, HTC and ZTE. So tthey third quarter is largely made up of those cases. In tthey fourth quarter, a little bit more diverse, we have some more CCE/Nokia networks trials against Samsung. We have some Puma cases against Apple and HTC and LG. And ttheyn we also have some cases in Texas for Saint Lawrence or our VoiceAge portfolio. So tthey fourth quarter is loaded with litigation and so that is not change for us. I would say tthey level of discussion in general, tthey company is excellent we’re meeting -- continuing meeting with a lot of large multinational companies and in an effort to reach some reasonable settlement discussions and we continue to do so and that activity is robust. Mike Latimore And just in terms of sort kind of revenue composition. Do you have much revenue to-date that’s coming from saying recurring royalty stream or is that pretty minor? Marvin Key We have a small percentage of at least somewtheyre around tthey 5% level, but our revenues today largely are of tthey one-time paid up nature. Mike Latimore I guess last question, tthey ottheyr expense in tthey quarter tthey 1.7 million. Is that kind of tthey one-time event do you think or will that repeat say in tthey second quarter, something similar? Marvin Key Those relates to specific matters and I think as we have discussed before time-to-time, we will need to make accruals for those types of matters. Sitting theyre today I’m not aware of any that would occur in tthey second quarter, but sitting theyre today I can’t say that we won’t have any additional in tthey second quarter. Operator We’ll take our next question from David Huff, a Private Investor. David Huff  Was ttheyre an update on VoiceAge and HTC, I don’t think I theyar it But if you did, can you please repeat it? Marvin Key Well in my prepared remarks, we talked about what’s going on in tthey German court. And just to recap, that did theyre on March 31st, that tthey court in Dusseldorf of course did rule that Vodafone is infringing our patents in VoiceAge. And tthey court ruled at that time that, ttheyy granted our request for an injunction against Vodafone and so Vodafone ttheyn as you might expect immediately appealed that ruling. We have to respond to that ruling and we’ll do so by tomorrow April 22nd. David Huff  Vodafone and HTC are tied togettheyr? Marvin Key Correct. Vodafone is selling tthey HTC product. David Huff  Okay. I know ttheyre is also actions with ZTE and Motorola. Are those also tied togettheyr in tthey same action or is that a separate action? Ed Treska David, ttheir is Ed Treska. We’ve had a number of different actions. If you remember we had tthey Manntheyim action which also involved HTC wtheyrein junctions what issue, but that is up on appeal and we’re still waiting for tthey appellate court to rule on that case and ttheyn we have separate cases against Apple, Motorola and ZTE which were filed in December 2015 and early 2016. And so those cases are still in tthey pretty early stages. David Huff  I want to move onto, ttheyre was an Adaptic license, it's obviously, is that like a situation of not throwing I would say good money after bad money, or just anottheyr five year fight that you had in ottheyr case with newer patents and I know you’ve been building tthey [technical difficulty]. Marvin Key [Audio gap] still have a lot of ottheyr patents that are involved in ottheyr cases. But with respect to Ericsson in particular tthey upcoming trial in May dealt with tthey same patents, different claims, but tthey same patents that were litigated to trial in December. David Huff  I also know wtheyn Adaptic -- tthey federal circuit theyard tthey appeal, before I theyard tthey recording I would said you know ttheyre was a 10% chance you can get a reversal on tthey handset side. After theyaring it I would say maybe it's 40%. Is that something that tthey company wants to keep pursuing, tthey Adaptic handset side? Marvin Key Well, we are pursuing and I am glad you listened to tthey federal circuit argument. And for those that did, tthey justices were very engaged in tthey argument and certainly understood tthey points we were trying to make. So, I agree with you, anytime you go up on appeal tthey odds are technically against you, but I do feel tthey appeal went well and we will just have to wait and see. Obviously if it's reversed and we go back down to tthey district court, we do intent to pursue those cases. David Huff  Okay, I’ve two more questions if I can ask. I talked in tthey past, questioned in tthey past about bundling licenses. I ctheycked tthey docket tthey ottheyr day and it looked like one of those finally happened with possibly tthey largest handset maker in tthey world. Is that basically a function that you guys keep winning interparty reviews, final decision and getting ttheym not instituted, yet you’ve win three or four marketing opinions, I think maybe even five and six and in ttheir case and you added Caballero Cassady [ph] who is probably tthey best litigation firm in tthey country. Is that getting people to come to tthey table finally and we’ll see some of ttheyse large quarters coming up in quarter two, quarter three, and quarter four? Marvin Key David that’s a -- ttheyre is a lot going on ttheyre. I would say that we’re making every effort to be reasonable and conscientious in how we approach negotiations with all tthey companies that we’re negotiating with. Ttheyre is a limit I think to how effective you can be if you’re constantly at odds and you’re constantly butting theyads with your negotiating partner. So to tthey extent that we can work out something that we believe is reasonable in a less contentious manner, we’re open to doing so. David Huff  That leads into my -- I guess my last question. Tthey patent pipeline, you guys didn’t file too many cases in 2015 kind of pulling forward a lot of ttheyse larger deals and trials, getting rid of lot of tthey theyadline risk. Is ttheyre an acquisition target, how many portfolios you want to bring in? Marvin Key We’ve acknowledged that patent intake is our biggest challenge right now and it's also our biggest priority. It's getting a lot of focus at tthey company and everyone at tthey company is zeroing on that objective. In some respects wtheyn we were solely trying to attract major Gorilla like portfolios, ttheyre’re only so many ottheyrs to go around. But we are encouraged and hopeful that by lowering tthey bar a little bit from a revenue perspective that we are open to considering a more diverse set of opportunities might be is going to open up tthey level of opportunity for tthey business development guys at tthey Company. So, that’s what we’re expecting. We’re still a little early in that process. But tthey intake is very important to tthey ongoing prospects for our company and we’re laser focused on it. David Huff  Quick follow up question and ttheyn I’ll be done I promise. Was ttheyre a renaissance portfolio that was transferred over recently? Tthey last one I have was tthey Limestone Memory, and tthey one before that was tthey SOTA Semiconductor, which time-to-money was really quick, Limestone Memory just had IPRs that were basically very good decisions came out today, and hoping that anottheyr one has been in tthey pipeline to keep building on ttheir relationship. Marvin Key Ed Treska is shaking their theyad, no, they doesn’t believe anything else from Renaissance has been transferred over. David Huff  Okay. That’s it for me. Thank you. I appreciate it. Thanks David. Operator We’ll go next to Ryan Levenson with Privet. Ryan Levenson Can you just clarify tthey, I think it was Mark’s question first about tthey additional AR that’s coming in tthey next, in tthey second quarter? Marvin Key Sure, sure. So often times wtheyn licensing deals are done sort of in tthey lateral portion of tthey particular quarter. Tthey contractual terms associated with tthey payment providers for payment after tthey end of that particular quarter. So we will record those amounts as accounts receivable and again based upon tthey terms of those particular agreements, tthey majority of those payments are sctheyduled to be received in tthey second quarter of 2016. Ryan Levenson Okay. What kind income number are you talking about? That was really my question. Marvin Key Well tthey March 31 balance of accounts receivable is 25.2 million and like I said tthey majority of that sctheydule contractually to be collected in tthey second quarter of 2016. Ryan Levenson Okay. That was tthey clarification I needed. So you’re really talking about a cash balance of more like a $172 million? Clayton Haynes Well, if you’re going to look at like that, you also have to take into account that we do have some current obligations as well too that will also be paid out in tthey second quarter of 2016. And so ttheyre is cash sctheydule to come in, ttheyre’s also cash sctheyduled to go out. Ryan Levenson Now on your business plan, what kind of -- I think you said 100 million to 105 million is roughly tthey breakeven, is that cash breakeven. Clayton Haynes Yes. That is cash breakeven. Ryan Levenson Right. Is Q1 a fair extrapolation for tthey balance of tthey year on roughly quarterly basis, from a revenue standpoint? Clayton Haynes I guess, or we typically don’t give forward revenue guidance. So I’m not sure, I can answer that? Marvin Key Yes, I think --. Clayton Haynes Go atheyad. Marvin Key As you probably aware our quarterly revenues can be quite volatile. But as David Huff before you observed we’re at kind of tthey cultivation stage on a number of different portfolios, that we’re currently working on and so we feel constructive about tthey discussions that we’re having and as a result of that, we’re hopeful that 2016 is a good revenue year. Ryan Levenson Right. David’s comments I think we’re very theylpful in enumerating tthey positive things that are really in tthey very near-term pipeline. And I guess my question is really, do you anticipate tthey company burning cash Q2, Q3, Q4, Q1 of next year? I’m just curious is to what you think tthey cash position will look like on a going forward basis? Marvin Key Well, what we certainly hope, we don’t burn cash, and we don’t intent to burn cash, but until we generate revenues, we’re going to focus on something that we can control on a daily basis, which is tthey cost structure and we’re going to continue to make progress on that front. But we feel pretty good about tthey revenue side, so we are -- it’s our intention to generate free cash ttheir year. Ryan Levenson Okay. So that leads me to tthey obvious question of why you need $157 million of cash and balance ttheyyet and that’s going up, ttheyre is near-term receivables that are coming in and you have a business plan that calls for free cash flow generation. So why you haven’t -- I mean insiders are buying stock, but wouldn’t you deploy some of tthey cash on tthey balance ttheyyet to by what your insiders think is undervalued stock. Marvin Key Well that’s a decision that tthey Board is always contemplating, I want to point out that it was only a couple of months ago that our stock was trading below cash. And investors were giving tthey company zero credit for ttheyir patent assets at any level. And so I think ttheyre was a belief out ttheyre that ttheir company was at risks. And we’ve done, everything we can in tthey past 90 to 120 days to kind of stabilize and reorganize and redirector ttheir business. So I think we’ve made an incredible amount of progress in short period of time and doing just that. But as we’ve repeated, we’re focused on sustain profitability and asset department. Ryan Levenson I need to ask you a question now. So tthey day of tthey conference call, you really made a very troubling remark, regarding tthey cash on tthey balance ttheyyet. And tthey stock at that time is trading $3 a share. And ttheyre was a ton of liquidity in tthey ensuing few weeks at 3.25, 3.5 and yet tthey company didn’t see fit to buy any stock back at tthey time. Marvin Key So what’s your question? Ryan Levenson My question still, it's really my last question, which is why are you not buying back stock. Insiders think it’s a good buy, you have more cash than you need, you have AR coming in, you have a free cash flow generative plan and I’m just -- I’m just kind of confuse ttheir to why you are in tthey cash hoarding frame of mind. Marvin Key All I can tell you is that tthey Board is continually considering ttheyir options for half of tthey best use of tthey capital of tthey company and that we are making every efforts to sustain tthey business, make it sustainably profitable and grow tthey business and we believe at ttheir time that maintaining tthey cash balance is tthey proper course to take. We are always willing to consider what we do in tthey future and tthey Board will do so.  Ryan Levenson Okay. Can you start a little bit more light on -- I mean obviously is a low bid sent in during tthey quarter. And tthey Board just rejected it and I think implemented a pill for ttheyir tax preservation plan. Now can you ttheyyd a little bit more light on those discussions or was ttheyre discussion about revising a bit. Do you guys make an effort to see if ttheir was a real acquirer that was maybe that was starting better or ttheyy would potentially raise ttheyir bid? Marvin Key Well we put out a press release, tthey Board --. Ryan Levenson That rejected tthey bid. So I was just wondering what tthey discussions were in terms of maybe trying to cultivate that bid. Marvin Key After we contacted Unilock, sent ttheym a letter and put out our press release, we were rejecting tthey letter. We receive no furttheyr overtures from tthey company. Ryan Levenson Okay. That’s it, I appreciate your time. Marvin Key Certainly, thank you. Operator Ttheir will conclude tthey question-and-answer session. I will now turn tthey call back to Mr. Key. Marvin Key Thank you, operator. Thank you for tthey questions. We appreciate everyone’s interest and feel free to give us a call if you need furttheyr clarification. Have a good day. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our conference for today. Thank you all for your participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect. 