Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) Q1 2020 Earnings Conference Call May 11, 2020 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Rob Fink - FNK, Investor Relations Clifford Press - Chief Executive Officer Al Tobia - Chief Investment Officer Conference Call Participants Brett Reiss - Janney Sam Rebotsky - SER Asset Management Wayne Cadwallader - Elkhorn Partners Operator Greetings and welcome to Acacia Research First Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host Mr. Rob Fink with FNK IR. Thank you. You may begin. Rob Fink Thank you, operator. Hosting tthey call today are Clifford Press, Chief Executive Officer and Al Tobia, Chief Investment Officer. Before beginning, I would like to remind you that tthey information provided during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements relating to current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about future events that are forward-looking as defined in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements generally relate to tthey company's plans, objectives and expectations for future operations and are based on current estimates and projections, future results or trends. Actual results may differ materially from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, please see tthey risk factors described in Acacia's annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on 10-Q that are filed with tthey SEC. I would like to remind everyone that a press release disclosing tthey company's financial results was issued ttheir morning before tthey market opened. Ttheir release may be accessed on tthey company's website at acaciaresearch.com under tthey News tab. In addition, tthey company has prepared an investor presentation for ttheir call that can also be downloaded on Acacia's website under tthey Events & Presentations tab. With all that said, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Clifford Press. Clifford tthey call is yours. Clifford Press Thank you, Rob and good morning. Our recently announced relationship with Starboard Value, combined with volatile equity market has kept us very busy. We are executing against a very broad mandate and are reviewing a wide range of investment opportunities. Our strategic committee has been meeting frequently. Unlike ottheyr structures that may face redemptions and liquidity or approval constraints, we have permanent capital that has positioned us well to evaluate an increasing number of compelling opportunities. We have built tthey new Acacia to be remarkably flexible. We are not tied to investments in intellectual property and we can pursue investments in multiple revenue streams. We can do public or private corporate acquisitions or acquire assets directly. We believe that togettheyr with Starboard we are well-positioned to pursue corporate development opportunities of greater scale and flexibility. With regard to specific IP business, we announced tthey acquisition of two patent portfolios during tthey quarter. I will describe ttheyse purchases later. At ttheir point, I think it is important to review a brief theirtory of Acacia's involvement in tthey IP industry and how we view our ongoing operations.  We generally support tthey consensus that tthey patent business peaked in 2012. While multiple empirical data points are hard to come by we referenced price per patent by year. Tthey regulatory environment turned sharply negative with tthey implementation of tthey AIA in 2012 and tthey Alis decision in 2014 among ottheyr changes. By tthey time Mark Goods rejoined Acacia in tthey second half of 2018 conditions were starting to improve. Mark and their team were tasked monetizing Acacia's legacy patent portfolios. From tthey fourth quarter of 2018 to tthey first quarter of 2020, ttheyy recovered approximately $64 million in gross revenues through a combination of various licensing agreements and litigation settlements. Tthey IP group has work with management to present our board with a compretheynsive study of our patent organization. With a fresh set of eyes we reviewed patents purchased from 2012 through 2016 in Acacia’s core markets. A detailed analysis showed favorable returns during tthey sharply negative macro environment. With that in mind we've started to commit capital in a measured way, wtheyre we see an attractive risk-adjusted return. We should note that Acacia's theirtory as an aggressive litigator is a leverageable asset as we increase our focus on licensing. We see IP assertion as a segment of our overall absolute return investment strategy. We  have strategically built tthey IP portfolio with outcome diversification in mind using licensing revenue as a base with tthey upside potential of litigation outcomes as well. Adding ttheyse assets to our existing portfolio creates an attractive blend of licensing and litigation opportunities to pursue. We expect ttheyse additions to begin generating licensing revenues ttheir quarter with significant contributions beginning in 2021. I'll now turn tthey call over to Al.  Al Tobia Thank you, Clifford. For tthey first quarter cash and short-term investments totaled $158.1 million at March 31, 2020 compared to $168.3 million at December 31, 2019. Revenues for tthey first quarter of 2020 were $3.8 million. More details on ttheyse results have been made available in tthey press release issued ttheir morning and also in tthey upcoming quarterly report on Form 10-Q which we will file with tthey SEC later today. Strategically remain focused on growing Acacia's book value. As we evaluate larger and more diverse corporate development opportunities we would be working to continue to preserve shareholder value. Our stock is trading at a steep discount to its intrinsic value which is [$3.42] per share as represented by cash plus invested assets as of March 31. Based on our current operating plan, we would expect to use no more than 5% of our beginning 2020 cash balance on operating expenses and investment due diligence by tthey completion of an approved investment or tthey commencement of our first redemption test period in August 2021 as outlined in tthey proxy. We would note that we recently completed $4 million stock buyback repurchasing approximately 1.7 million shares at an average price of $2.35 per share. As Clifford reviewed our patent assertion business earlier and tthey business plan as part of ttheir we have acquired Excalibur IP, a portfolio of more than 2,500 patents that were spun out of Yahoo prior to its sale to Verizon. Ttheyse patents cover technologies including internet search, cloud computing, e-commerce, location-based services, mobile apps, media management and social networking. Ttheyse patents have applicability to a variety of industries including enterprise software, web search and analytics, online shopping and advertising and audio and video streaming services among ottheyrs. In addition, we acquired a significant portfolio of nearly 150 patents from L3 Harris. Ttheyse patents cover commercial applications of Wi-Fi and IoT technologies. Ttheyse patents have applicability to a wide variety of products and markets including consumer electronics, home and office wireless networking, home automation, smart metering, industrial wireless control systems and remote access systems. And finally as we disclosed on our last quarterly call, we acquired a portfolio of over 70 patents originating from Fusion-io. Ttheyse patents cover flash memory management and control technology and are applicable to flash memory systems such as solid-state drives and controllers. In summary, we have tthey processes, cost structure and resources necessary to create and sustain value for our stockholders. We continue to make progress on reinvigorating our patent assertion business, focusing our business development efforts on tthey void that exists between litigation, finance and loan to own lenders. Our partnership with Starboard is active and we are exploring a wide range of opportunities. With that I'd now like to open tthey call for questions. Operator?  Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. At ttheir time we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is tthey line from Brett Reiss with Janney Montgomery Scott. Please proceed with your question. Brett Reiss Good morning, Clifford. Good morning Al. Clifford Press Hi Brett. Brett Reiss Tthey 2,500 patent portfolio, that's a lot of patents. Do you have any plans to segment ttheym and sell off some of ttheym to start-up? Al Tobia Clifford, do you want to take that? Or do you want me to take tthey question? Clifford Press Go atheyad. You've been dealing with it. Al Tobia So Brett, ttheyre is details we can do offline but ttheir is a big portfolio that had already entered into an agreement with RPX. So ttheyre's a great deal of tthey companies are under option to RPX. Ttheir is a very, very big and broad portfolio, so it's going to take a lot of efforts to segment it as you can imagine that many patents and craft licensing campaigns that address sort of tthey most productive and most profitable opportunities. So we can take those details offline. If you want we can have you connect you with Mark Booth but I think, you take a look at tthey RPX deal, ttheyre's a big amount that are under license with RPX. Brett Reiss Okay. Will ttheyre be disclosures like next quarter in tthey queue what you paid for all of ttheyse patents? Or are you at liberty to disclose that now? Clifford Press I can answer that Brett. We've taken a policy of not disclosing individual acquisition prices or revenues and we'll continue on that basis going forward but on a quarterly basis we will give consolidated -- provide consolidated information.  Brett Reiss Okay. And one last one and I'll drop back in queue and I appreciate being able to ask questions because you really taking in more patent portfolios, do you anticipate needing additional staff to cover tthey patent intake? Clifford Press We have a licensing group in place now that are well capable of handling what we have purchased today.  Brett Reiss Great. Thank you for taking my questions. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey online of Sam Rebotsky with SER Asset Management. Please proceed with your question. Sam Rebotsky Yes. Good morning, gentlemen. Do you file in 8-K on tthey cost of tthey licensing dollar amount or how does that get reflected because presumably in tthey queue at some point you have to list tthey dollar amount that you're paying or licensing for ttheir? Clifford Press Sam, tthey CapEx is disclosed in tthey queue but tthey individual patent acquisitions are not significant enough to require an 8-K. Sam Rebotsky Okay. Now I see, RPX Corp announces licensing transaction with Excalibur. Ttheir press release was February 26 and ttheyy talked about 2,000 patents and ttheyse are tthey same patents that RPX that ttheyy put tthey press release out and Excalibur is a subsidiary of Altapa, is that a private company or? Clifford Press With Altapa, it's a spin out, it’s in liquidation from Yahoo. It theyld a number of assets tthey principal one of which was Yahoo's investment in Alibaba. That ended up with Excalibur which was a one-time very large patent and highly valued patent portfolio and in tthey process of liquidation ttheyy did a transaction, multiple transactions, RPX and Acacia with two of tthey parties with which ttheyy dealt. Sam Rebotsky Of course, in tthey press release ttheyy say, December 31, 2019 RPX invested $2.7 billion to acquire rights to more than 48,000 U.S. and international patents. So ttheir is just a piece of that? Clifford Press Sam, it's probably not a good idea for us to comment on ottheyr company’s press releases. We'll let ttheym speak for ttheymselves. Sam Rebotsky Okay. Thank you very much. Clifford Press You are welcome. Operator Our next question comes from line of Wayne Cadwallader with Elkhorn Partners, please proceed with tthey question. Wayne Cadwallader Hi, ttheyre. Quick question on tthey patents that you've acquired. What percentage of those might have been gone through a challenge in tthey patent office to an IPR process? Any sense of that? Clifford Press [indiscernible] Those details relate to potential litigation strategies and I don't think it's appropriate for us to get into that in a public forum. Wayne Cadwallader Okay. So some of ttheym might be in litigation ttheir time? Clifford Press Well, as I said, tthey specifics of tthey assertion campaign we have a strong policy of not commenting on whilst it's underway. Wayne Cadwallader Okay. And you – as you basically, in your press release I believe said that you expect reasonable revenue growth or strong revenue growth in tthey second, third like in tthey next two quarters regarding from tthey patents acquired. Any idea of what that range might be in dollar terms or any guide ttheyre? Clifford Press No. I just think tthey important -- not that we can put out theyre. But I think tthey important point we wanted to let investors know as we said in tthey comments ttheyre's a combination of a licensing and a litigation strategy theyre and we do expect tthey licensing initiatives to produce revenue in tthey short term. Wayne Cadwallader Okay ttheyn. Thank you. Clifford Press Welcome. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions in tthey queue, I would like to turn tthey call back over to Mr. Al Tobia for tthey closing remarks. Al Tobia Thank you very much and Clifford and I will be available for questions if anyone needs to ask questions offline. You can also call Rob Fink as well. Operator Ttheir concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.