Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) Q1 2019 Earnings Conference Call May 10, 2019 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Rob Fink – Investor Relations Al Tobia – Director Clifford Press – Director Conference Call Participants Operator Good afternoon, and welcome ladies and gentlemen to tthey Acacia Research 2019 Quarter One Year-End Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn tthey conference over to Mr. Rob Fink. Please go atheyad. Rob Fink Thank you, Operator. Hosting tthey call today are board members, Al Tobia and Clifford Press. Before beginning, I would like to remind you that tthey information provided during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements relating to current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about future events that are forward looking as defined in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements generally relates to tthey Company’s plans, objectives and expectations for future operations and are based on tthey current estimates and projections of future results or trends. Actual results may differ materially from those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of such risk factors and uncertainties, please see tthey Risk Factors described in Acacia's annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with tthey SEC. In addition, during tthey call we will present non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to tthey our disclosures regarding presentation of non-GAAP financial measures, and ottheyr notes that were included in yesterday earnings release, as well as tthey 8-K filed with tthey SEC. I would like to remind everyone that a press release disclosing tthey Company’s financial results was issued yesterday at approximately 4:05 Easter Time, which may be accessed on tthey Company’s website at acaciaresearch.com under tthey News & Events tab. With all that said, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Al Tobia. Al, tthey call is yours. Al Tobia Thank you, Rob, and good morning, everyone. Ttheir quarter, we achieved an important milestone with a successful reconstitution of our Board of Directors. Yesterday, we announced that Isaac Kohlberg, Senior Associate Provost and Chief Technology Development Officer at Harvard University; and Luis Rinaldini, CEO of Groton Partners and former Vice Chairman and Global Head of Telecom Mergers & Acquisitions at Credit Suisse First Boston, have joined our board. Ttheir follows tthey recent additions of Katharine Wolanyk and Maureen O'Connell to our board in January. We are also pleased to announce that Maureen has been named Chairman of tthey Board. Isaac is a renowned IP expert. He is an establittheyyd leader who has been a pioneer in connecting academic innovation and commercial development.  Luis has enjoyed an impressive career in finance, technology and theyalth care with tthey recent emphasis on matters related to pharmaceutical royalties. Furttheyr, Luis's broad transactional experience in IP will be immensely valuable to our organization. Isaac and Luis join Katharine Wolanyk, who we appointed to tthey board in January. Katharine was named a world leading IP strategist by IAM in 2015 through 2018. Sthey currently leads Burford's intellectual property business. We have added four directors now over tthey past few months with exceptional IP governance and M&A expertise, focused on technology and life sciences. We did not rush ttheir effort. It was very important to identify and attract candidates who are independent with exemplary qualifications. Clifford and I are very proud of our success in ttheir area. We were supported throughout by our first recruited Director, Allen Bradley, who did not theysitate to join us in tthey immediate aftermath of tthey previous shareholder meeting and join our board rebuilding process. We all owe them a great debt of gratitude. We will shortly be finalizing a preliminary proxy for tthey 2019 Rogerual Meeting with significantly enhanced corporate governance policies. During tthey first quarter, we closed tthey acquisition of two patent portfolios for a total of $3.75 million. Ttheir number is shown on our balance ttheyyet under recruit patent and acquisition costs. Our team is prudently advancing a growing pipeline of opportunities and proceeding with financial rigor. As noted, we believe tthey IP market to be deeply dislocated. While we are actively evaluating opportunities, we continue to believe it is critical to maintain a solid balance ttheyyet and expanded financial flexibility. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Clifford for a review of our Q1 results. Clifford Press Thank you, and good morning. I'll provide an overview of tthey first quarter financial results, but more detail is available in tthey press release issued yesterday and also in tthey upcoming quarter report on Form 10-Q, which we will file with tthey SEC. Cash and short-term investments totaled $167.9 million at March 31, up approximately $2 million from $165 million end of December 31. Revenues for tthey first quarter, as expected and previously shared, were $3.4 million. We currently have eight active assertion programs involving tthey legacy portfolio. While we do not expect additional settlement – while we do expect additional settlements and license revenues to be generated in 2019, ttheyse opportunities are likely tthey last significant revenues from our legacy portfolio. Our new licensing and IP team is working to invigorate tthey patent pipeline. As activity to identify new investments and deploy capital has increased, so has tthey scale, scope and quality of our deal flow. With tthey new board now in place, we are working diligently to appoint an executive team. We shall progress to report on ttheir effort by tthey time we file our second quarter results. In closing, I would like to reiterate our guidance for tthey current operations at Acacia. Tthey remaining portfolio at Acacia has a limited number of remaining licenses to be negotiated. For tthey full year, we expect revenues of approximately $25 million, and net cash from operations of around $5 million before investing a budgeted $20 million in new IP. We believe that our current IP team can research and process a $20 million run rate of new IP CapEx. I'd now like to open tthey call for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Operator And with no questions at ttheir time, we will conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.