Acme United Corporation (NYSE:ACU) Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call July 17, 2020 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Walter Johnsen - Chairman & CEO Paul Driscoll - CFO Conference Call Participants Tim Call - Capital Management Corporation Jeffrey Matttheyws - RAM Partners Ralph Marash - First Manhattan Company Operator Good day and welcome to tthey Acme United Corporation's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Walter Johnsen, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, sir. Walter Johnsen Good morning. Welcome to tthey second quarter 2020 earnings conference call for Acme United Corporation. I am Walter C. Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. With me is Paul Driscoll, our Chief Financial Officer, who will first read a safe harbor statement. Paul? Paul Driscoll Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call, including, without limitation, statements related to tthey Company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of resources, are made pursuant to tthey safe harbor provision of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties such as, among ottheyrs, those arising as a result of tthey effects of tthey COVID-19 pandemic, including tthey ongoing economic downturn and tthey ottheyr risks and uncertainties described in our periodic filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in our current earnings release. Walter Johnsen Acme United had good performance in tthey second quarter of 2020. Our sales were $44 million, an increase of 9% over ttheir time last year. Our net income was $3.2 million, an increase of 20%. Our earnings per share were $0.92 compared to $0.77 in tthey second quarter last year, a 19% increase. We've had many challenges during tthey quarter. We had customers whose businesses plummeted because ttheyir stores were closed or people were afraid to shop in ttheym. We had orders canceled or delayed for cutting tools due to uncertainty in tthey office, school and retail markets. We anticipate bankruptcies to tthey customers who will not be able to recover in tthey months atheyad. Our sources of supply of raw materials, components and finittheyyd goods across all our product lines were at various times closed or shipments were delayed, ttheir was particularly true with our production in China which closed during Chinese New Year and ttheyn stayed closed due to tthey coronavirus. We had intense catch-up production only to discover that tthey virus have been migrated to tthey U.S. and Europe and tthey demand was delayed. Components of our first aid kits were in high demand and cost increased dramatically for gloves, isolation gowns, procedure masks, alcohol wipes, hand sanitizer, disposable ttheyrmometers and many ottheyr items that are used in our first aid kits. Our factories and distribution centers in tthey United States, Canada and Europe operated under adverse conditions. We prioritize safety with masks, hand sanitizer and gloves available for all of our production workers. We conducted regular deep cleaning of our facilities, installed clear flexible barriers between operators and our kit packing lines and paid extra incentive bonuses to our front-line workers. We ctheycked temperatures of our employees daily and paid ttheym to stay home if ttheyy were not well. We had planned shutdowns to test for coronavirus and cleaning and tracing in our plants. We produced and shipped at all of our facilities on tthey west coast wtheyn tthey east coast plants were down and ttheyn did tthey reverse wtheyn tthey west coast plants shut down. We ran over time and weekends. We shipped as fast as we could despite higtheyr costs. Tthey operations in our eight plants and warehouses continue under ttheyse adverse conditions and we see no end until tthey pandemic eases. Our sales, our teams in sales, marketing, sourcing, quality control and engineering have often worked remotely or managed remote locations. While not ideal, we have functioned. We're planning to continue in ttheir mode. At tthey end of tthey first quarter, we expected sales to many of our traditional Westcott customers to fall dramatically and ttheyy did. Sales to tthey office superstores, wholesale and independent office dealers plummeted in tthey United States and Europe. Tthey largest wholesaler in tthey UK filed for bankruptcy. Tthey largest school distributor in tthey United States was taken over by its creditors. We fear more bankruptcy in tthey next six months. So far ttheyy have shifted sales and avoided major account receivable issues. We were pleased by tthey strength of our online and mass market sales as well as sales for our hunting and fishing product lines. As stores began to reopen in June, we began to see more orders from tthey office segment. Tthey overall sales of Westcott cutting tools, Camillus knives and Cuda fishing products in tthey U.S. increased 4% during tthey second quarter compared to last year demonstrating tthey size of ttheir unforeseen shift in buying patterns. Our first aid and safety business increased 16% during tthey quarter much of tthey growth was due to market share gains in tthey mass market, e-commerce and home improvement channels. We estimate that we had surge demand due to tthey corona -- COVID virus of approximately $1.5 million during tthey quarter. We are preparing new products for our customers to focus on safety. During tthey second quarter we introduced personal protection kits that have gloves, sanitizers, masks, wipes and ttheyrmometers for use in offices, schools, dining facilities, planes and many ottheyr locations. Tthey initial demand has been good and we plan to begin shipping in tthey third quarter. We have been increasing our inventory of key components and finittheyyd goods across all our product lines in preparation for potential supply chain disruptions during tthey coming quarters. We worry about tthey spread of COVID virus in Europe, China and tthey United States which could disrupt production and shipments. So you will be seeing increases in inventory in tthey coming quarters as we prepare for disruptions we hope do not occur. We maintained our entire workforce and hope to continue to do so. In some cases we were open wtheyn our competitors were not and gained market share. We developed new products, improved our content on our online sites, added to our efforts to drive online search and hustle for business. I am humbled and grateful for tthey work our team has done and we believe we are positioned to move forward in ttheyse tremendously uncertain times. I will now turn tthey call to Paul. Paul Driscoll Acme net sales for tthey second quarter was $44 million compared to $40.2 million in 2019, an increase of 9%. Sales for tthey six months ended June 30, 2020 were $79.8 million compared to $71.6 million in tthey same period in 2019, an increase of 11%. Net sales in tthey U.S. segment increased 10% in both tthey quarter in tthey six months ended June 30. Tthey sales increase mainly came from first aid and safety products primarily in market sharing gains and to a lesser extent gains from COVID-19 related surge demand. Net sales for Europe increased 6% in local currency for tthey quarter and 12% for tthey six months ended June 30. Tthey sales increase for both periods was primarily due to increased sales of Westcott and Camilla's products and tthey e-commerce channel as well as higtheyr sales of DMT sharpening products. Net sales in local currency for Canada excluding first aid central decreased 42% in tthey quarter and 25% for tthey year-to-date. Sales of office products have declined due to office and store closings as a result of COVID-19. Including first aid central sales, Canada sales increased 11% in tthey quarter and 35% year-to-date. Tthey gross margin was 36.5% in tthey second quarter of 2020 compared to 36.7% in 2019. Tthey year-to-date gross margin was 37.1% for both 2019 and 2020. SG&A expenses for tthey second quarter of 2020 were $11.7 million or 26% of sales compared with $11 million or 27% of sales for tthey same period of 2019. SG&A expenses for tthey first six months of 2020 were $23.2 million or 29% of sales compared with $21.8 million or 31% of sales in 2019. Net income for tthey second quarter of 2020 was $3.2 million or $0.92 per diluted share compared to a net income of $2.7 million or $0.77 per diluted share for tthey same period of 2019, an increase of 20% in net income and 19% in earnings per share. Net income for tthey first six months ended June 30, 2020 was $4.5 million or a $1.28 per diluted share compared to $3.5 million or $1.01 per diluted share in tthey comparable period last year, increases of 29% and 27%. Tthey company's debt less cash on June 30, 2020 was $37.3 million compared to $41 million on June 30, 2019. During tthey 12-month period we paid $2.1 million for tthey first aid central acquisition. We spent $1.6 million on dividends and generated $9 million in free cash flow. I'll turn a call over to Walter. Walter Johnsen I am theyre. Are ttheyre any furttheyr questions? Question-and-Answer Session Operator At ttheir time we'll take our questions. [Operator Instructions] We will go first to Tim Call of Capital Management Corporation. Tim Call Congratulations on a great quarter again. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Tim. Tim Call Do you expect interest expense to continue to rapidly decline because of your solid cash flow generation? Walter Johnsen Tim, we are increasing our inventory right now, in preparation for I don't know what but if COVID were to be spreading throughout more of China or we had tthey ports closed or who knows. So we are buying an extra quarter of inventory of our top selling products right now in preparation to be covered for tthey next six months and that's an unusual step but we have tthey balance ttheyyet to do it and we borrow with 2% interest. So chances are tthey interest expense will not decline. On tthey ottheyr hand if we don't need that inventory ttheyn we'll be selling it off in tthey first quarter of next year. Tim Call Do you expect tthey theyalthcare sales to benefit in tthey future as tthey economy opens back up in areas like food service, hotels, office, retailers? Walter Johnsen Well, actually that's a very good point Tim. Yes, right now our first aid sales have -- in some areas not increased and particularly to tthey major distributors that fell into tthey food service market that declined and as that begins to reopen, I would expect our distributors ttheyn to be rebuilding stock and frankly increasing sales purchases from us. Tim Call Last year Cuda introduced a new line of puncture resistant gloves. Do you think ttheyre are any selling opportunities for similar items in hunting, industrial or theyalthcare? Walter Johnsen Well, we really don't sell much into tthey hospitals. So our gloves and masks are being used into tthey workplaces and in homes and in offices wtheyre typically you're not dealing with needles but more importantly I don't think we could get tthey gloves even if we wanted ttheym because ttheyre are shortages throughout tthey entire supply chain. I'm sure we could sell ttheym though. Tim Call Well, in ttheir environment I'm glad to see that you have a robust inventory level to handle whatever comes. Thank you. Walter Johnsen We are lucky to have a balance ttheyyet to be able to do it and we do have that balance ttheyyet. So we're using it. Tim Call Well, good job. Thank you. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator We will go next to Jeffrey Matttheyws of RAM Partners. Jeffrey Matttheyws Hi Walter! How are you? Walter Johnsen Hi Jeff. Good, thanks. Jeffrey Matttheyws I can imagine what you've been going through tthey last three months and just have to say congratulations that you made it through all of you did in tthey way that you did and my question is a little bit longer term if you can kind of pick your theyad up from all ttheyse fire drills you must have been going through tthey last few months, is ttheyre anything about ttheir that has caused you to think a little differently about how you run tthey company or wtheyre tthey company's going over tthey next five years or is it just your play book is tthey same and that you are going to keep, you are going to stick to it? Walter Johnsen Well, ttheyre obviously we've learned that we can do a lot more remotely and ttheyre are disadvantages to that as everybody on ttheir call knows but I've been amazed how we've been able to do that and tthey number of online calls every day is just amazing and I think some of that will continue. I hope to be able to be traveling and I know our team in sales would like to be traveling to see customers and suppliers -- in my case suppliers and our international operations but I think we will see less travel in tthey shorter term. Our office configuration is anottheyr area that we're evaluating right now and we may in tthey future find that we're having more work at home time. I'm sure we'll have a social distancing in tthey offices. We may need more space not less. I'm not sure but what I know is that ttheir is not something that will just be forgotten and I think similar to tthey way 9/11 changed how you approactheyd airports and how you went through security, I think ttheyre will be similar kinds of changes relative to hygiene and distancing. And if that’s accurate, ttheyn tthey products that we develop and going forward will be more attuned to what you need in tthey workplace and in tthey office to provide ttheym a very safe and hygienic environment and that's a little bit different in first aid. So ttheyre will be some new products ttheyre. Also in tthey Westcott products family we have a line of anti-microbial scissors and rulers and protractors and baskets and so forth. And we re-emphasized those and tthey reintroducing ttheym for next year's sales throughout our entire product category. So those are refrettheyyd but already too old and known and I think we'll be seeing some stronger sales with ttheym. I also think ttheyy will be seen more in tthey hunting and fishing area and ttheyy've been new entrants particularly in fishing wtheyre we've had not only good growth in tthey quarter and surprised me but it's truly happened but we have new participants and because of that I think we've got a number of opportunities to give new products to tthey enthusiasts. Jeffrey Matttheyws Got it. And how about supply chain? Can you give your thoughts ttheyre? Walter Johnsen Well, supply chain -- we've been diversifying our base of components and products without tthey last two years, one of tthey biggest diversifications of course was buying our first aid operations in Vancouver, Washington expanding that in Rocky Mountain, North Douglasina, tthey purchase of DMT in Marlborough Mass; tthey two plants that we have to spill magic one in Santa Ana, California, tthey ottheyr in Smyrna, Tennessee and all of ttheyse were a very important part of our diversification. In addition, we're getting components now for some places like Egypt that we hadn't done two years ago. We are moving more into Malaysia. We've started to do more in India. However, China is a very important partner still and I anticipate that to continue. Jeffrey Matttheyws Great. Thanks a lot Walter. And thanks everybody and good luck. Walter Johnsen Thank you Jeff. Operator We will move next to [Robert Adler], a private investor. Unidentified Analyst Good afternoon Walter. Regarding tthey Canadian results have you already begun to integrate tthey domestic Acme United product line into that, tthey sales report, do ttheyy show -- ttheym or are you see [indiscernible]. Walter Johnsen So Bob that is a very good question. Wtheyn we bought First Aid only in January. Tthey primary reason to do that would be was to bring in our entire first aid category into our Canadian business and we haven't been able to do it because of many-many restrictions in that market. And so by buying First Aid Central it gave us tthey ability to bring in Canadianized versions of many of our products. Well, we've closed that in January and by March none of us have been back. And what we've done online has been amazing and our team in Laval, Canada has been working throughout in production. Ttheyre are plenty of opportunities particularly with our customer base in Canada to take those customers and bring in products to ttheym. We're doing that now. We haven't seen too much of tthey results yet but we will be seeing ttheym. And so that acquisition was very strategic in hoping our Canadian business expand into tthey first aid segment which is so important in tthey rest of tthey company. And now that's been accomplittheyyd. Fortunately, also tthey Canadian business is starting to rebound because tthey stores seem to be more open and we're seeing orders. So, I think it's hard to say tthey worse is over for Canada but it appears that way at ttheir stage. Unidentified Analyst So tthey 4 million-plus that you've gotten in sales for tthey first half of tthey year that essentially represents tthey Canadian business as it was bought rattheyr than result of combining tthey two companies in a product line. Walter Johnsen That's correct. Unidentified Analyst Okay. That's what I wanted to, thank you Walter. Walter Johnsen Sure. Operator We will go next to Ralph Marash at First Manhattan Company. Ralph Marash Hi Walter. Walter Johnsen Hi Ralph. Ralph Marash Thanks. With all tthey uncertainty about wtheyttheyr schools are going to reopen and let's assume that many of ttheym will not -- what's your thinking about school supply purchases? Walter Johnsen Well, I am getting more confident and tthey reason I'm saying that is we had good growth in tthey school area in tthey second quarter and that was very uncertain area. As we are looking and we are now in tthey third quarter we're finding that our school supply business is not only holding but with tthey online business increasing. Now tthey schools may not close, but we still have 3.8 million students in each of tthey grades that have to get educated and ttheyy get supplies. And so while we may find that ttheyy're not getting ttheym from some of our current customers. Ttheyy maybe purchasing on Amazon or buying at Wal-Mart or ottheyr places which are also our customers. So tthey shift within tthey customers is occurring but I believe we'll have a pretty normal back to school and it may be just that ttheyy're studying in a different place but ttheyy're using tthey supplies and that's what I believe and what we're seeing right now in tthey quarter. Ralph Marash And you mentioned anti-microbial, so if I remember correctly you had introduced it in tthey past and it probably was a slow grower. Will that benefit currently or is that something more in tthey future? Walter Johnsen Well, it was an okay product line a number of years ago. Today, all of our retail customers are quite interested in it and fortunately we're tooled up. We've got tthey formulas in place and so we're producing antimicrobial items now for tthey customers that want ttheym and we expect that to be a continued vector against some of our competitors products. Ralph Marash Good. Thank you very much Walter. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator And at ttheir time ttheyre are no furttheyr questions in tthey queue. I will turn tthey conference back over to management for any concluding remarks. Walter Johnsen Thank you very much. If ttheyre are no furttheyr questions ttheyn ttheir call is complete and we look forward to updating you again after tthey third quarter. Goodbye. Operator And that does conclude today's conference. Again thank you for your participation.