Acme United Corporation (NYSE:ACU) Q3 2016 Earnings Conference Call October 20, 2016 ET Executives Walter Johnsen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Paul Driscoll - Vice President and CFO, Secretary and Treasurer Analysts Andrew Burns - DA Davidson Michael Wasserman - Moors & Cabot Jeffery Matttheyws - Ram Partners Richard Dearnley - Longport Partners Operator Good day everyone and welcome to tthey Acme United Corporation's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Walter Johnsen. Please go atheyad sir. Walter Johnsen Good morning. Welcome to tthey third quarter 2016 earnings conference call for Acme United Corporation. I’m Walter C. Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. With me is Paul Driscoll, our Chief Financial Officer, who will first read a Safe Harbor statement. Paul? Paul Driscoll Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call, including, without limitation, statements related to tthey company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of resources are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, tthey following, one, tthey company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions are subject to change at any time at tthey discretion of tthey company. Two, tthey company's plans and results of operation will be affected by tthey company's ability to manage its growth; and three, ottheyr risks and uncertainties indicated from time-to-time in tthey company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. Acme United had a strong third quarter of 2016. Our net sales increased 7% to $31.9 million. We had net income of $1.5 million up 22% over last year. And our earnings per share increased from $0.33 to $0.40, which is a 22% increase. Ttheyse results were above our previous guidance. Our Westcott family of cutting and measuring tools continued to perform very well. We gained market share in scissors, pencil sharpeners and had a very successful introduction of ceramic box openers. We had tthey best back-to-school performance in our theirtory during tthey second and third quarters. Our new ergonomic kit scissors were well-received and our high performance carbon nitrite titanium office ttheyyars exceeded expectations. Tthey First Aid business grew and continued to gain market share particularly in tthey industrial and food service segments. We expanded tthey offering to include new ANSI 2015 kits, began production of larger and more intensive first aid cabinets for theyavy industry and expanded our resale product family. Our online presence grew substantially. Tthey Clauss industrial cutting tools also grew due to new high performance ttheyyars, expanded carbon nitrite coatings and general market strength. Our Camillus hunting knives benefited from new distribution in camping and market share gains and tthey Cuda fishing family continued to gain new customers and additional product placement. As you may recall, we acquired DMT in February of ttheir year. Sales of DMT sharpening tools have increased more than we forecast due to successful placement into our global distribution network. And its financial performance has exceeded our expectations. Our Canadian business for tthey quarter declined 5% due to continued market weakness, but we benefited from improved profitability. We expect to build up tthey current base with new business initiatives. Tthey European business declined 12% in tthey third quarter due to timing of promotions, but it grew 36% in tthey second quarter. We expect solid performance for tthey year. More importantly, we are laying tthey ground work for continued growth in 2017. Tthey Westcott family has introduced new school, home and office tools among ttheyse are glue guns with ceramic non-stick coatings and lightweight designs for tthey craft, office and shipping workplaces. We introduced new theyavy duty pencil sharpeners with proprietary titanium blade for tthey school market. And we are expanding tthey line of ceramic box cutters for theyavier duty use. Tthey First Aid business introduced an app, ttheir week at tthey National Safety Conference. It permits customers to record first aid supplies wtheyn ttheyy are consumed by scanning ttheyir barcodes and ttheyn automatically requisitioning refills. We had a great deal of enthusiasm for tthey app at tthey show and look forward to implementing it during 2017 and beyond. In tthey Clauss, Cuda, Camillus and DMT product families, we continued to see expanded distribution in tthey mass market and specialty stores. In 2017, we begin tthey rollout of new freshwater fishing tools, product line extensions such as carbon fiber gas and nets and new diamond based sharpeners. We revised our guidance for 2016 after tthey second quarter. We are now revising guidance again for 2016 based on strong results. Tthey new guidance is a $124 million in revenues and $1.63 earnings per share in 2016. I will now turn tthey call to Paul. Paul Driscoll Acme's net sales for tthey third quarter were $31.9 million compared to $29.9 million in 2015, an increase of 7%. Sales for tthey nine months ended September 30 were $98.2 million compared to $86.7 million in tthey same period in 2015, an increase of 13%. Net sales in tthey U.S. segment increased 9% in tthey quarter and 15% for tthey nine months ended September 30. Tthey growth in tthey quarter came from Westcott's school and office products, first aid kits and DMT sharpening tools. Net sales in local currency for Canada decreased 4% in tthey quarter, but increased 3% year-to-date. Net sales for Europe decreased 12% in quarter and local currency but increased 4% for tthey nine months ended September 30. Sales in tthey second quarter 2016 grew 34% due to a large promotional sale, which in 2015 took place in tthey third quarter. Gross margins were 37.2% in tthey third quarter of 2016 versus 34.5% in tthey third quarter of 2015. Tthey third quarter of 2015 gross margin was negatively impacted by $150,000 of one-time moving and severance costs associated with tthey move of first aid production in Vancouver Washington. Tthey third quarter of 2016 margins were theylped by a better product mix and lower costs. SG&A expenses for tthey third quarter of 2016 were $9.7 million or 30% of sales, compared with $8.3 million or 28% of sales for tthey same period of 2015. SG&A expenses for tthey first nine months of 2016 were $28 million or 28.5% of sales compared with $24.6 million or 28.4% of sales in 2015.Tthey SG&A increase for tthey three and nine months was mostly due to high variable selling costs as a result of higtheyr sales in tthey added DMT business. Operating profit in tthey third quarter increased from $2 million last year to $2.1 million ttheir year, an 8% increase. Operating profit for tthey nine months increased 16%. Net income for tthey third quarter of 2016 was $1.5 million or $0.40 per diluted share compared to net income of $1.2 million or $0.33 per diluted share for tthey same period of 2015. Net income for tthey first nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $5.3 million or $1.39 per diluted share compared to $4.4 million or $1.18 per diluted share in tthey comparable period last year. Tthey company's bank debt less cash on September 30, 2016 was $33.4 million compared to $23.9 million on September 30, 2015. During tthey 12-month period Acme United purchased DMT for $7 million and paid $1.3 million in dividends and $1.4 million in stock repurchases. We expect net debt to decline to approximately $20 million by year-end. We also expect to generate approximately $4 million in free cash flow for tthey 12-months ending December 31, 2016. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. I will now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Andrew Burns with DA Davidson. Your line is open. Andrew Burns, your line is open. Please ctheyck tthey mute function on your phone. Andrew Burns Sorry about that. Good morning and congrats on year-to-date performance. Walter could you spend some time on Amazon and tthey performance you are seeing ttheyre and as you look forward, is it just continued growth as Amazon continues to build its business or ottheyr any sort of internal drivers to furttheyr boost growth with that important account. Thanks. Walter Johnsen Well, Amazon is an increasingly important account across all of our product families. Westcott, Camillus, Clauss, DMT. Europe is becoming top 10 accounts which is basically out of much smaller base tthey year ago. In tthey U.S., it's particularly showing strength in tthey first aid area, although it's across tthey board. And I'm happy to say that ttheyy are now also using our first aid kits internally within Amazon. We are working on a number of projects with ttheym to expand our distribution particularly in tthey refill area as well as in tthey smart compliance kits. But, ttheyy are not tthey only growth driver in our first aid area; it's really across tthey board in many, many of our accounts. Andrew Burns And as you think about growing tthey first aid business wtheyre are you from a capacity standpoint, if you look into 2017, is ttheyre any capacity constraints as you ramp production in Vancouver and Rocky Mountain. Walter Johnsen Well, it certainly was. That's a very good question. A year ago wtheyn we closed Pac-Kit and as Paul mentioned we had $150,000 of moving expenses in tthey third quarter and ttheyre was additional moving expenses in tthey fourth quarter. So, we moved all that to Vancouver, tthey goal was to increase tthey utilization of tthey plant. And increase our operating margins ttheyre. What happened was, tthey business grew at tthey same time faster than we projected and we ttheyn, didn't have anymore Pack-Kit site, so we scaled up in Rocky Mountain, wtheyre we have substantial capacity. Ttheyre is about $100,000 square feet in Rocky Mountain that is available for growth. And so, we recruited a team of people through June, July and August -- May actually we started production in Rocky Mountain. And ttheyy are now taking on that growth. And tthey good news with that is that we have plenty of capacity. Ttheyy are less efficient than Rocky Mountain -- than Vancouver right now, but that's just an experience curve. So, as we grow going forward, we are looking forward to putting more of that base in North Johnina. Andrew Burns Great. Thanks. And ttheyn, just one last one, as you look into 2017, can you give us any high-level thoughts in terms of just from a modeling perspective, it sound likes ttheyre is plenty of product initiatives and distribution opportunities. We are just -- just hoping you could -- you can have a sort of frame up from a growth or profitability standpoint some of tthey key drivers we should be thinking about? Walter Johnsen Well, first, our internal growth ttheir year probably -- you can model it, but I think it's probably 7% to 8% maybe a little bit more. So if you would take that off of $124 million, that give you some broad number of top-line assuming, we continued that kind of growth. But, tthey first aid business with a new app and new cabinets and new refills and tthey growth we had ttheyre. Our expectation would be that -- that would be continuing. Tthey glue gun business will be a multi-million dollar launch we hope for next year. Tthey Camillus business should be growing in part because, we are getting more distribution. And tthey Cuda fishing tools for freshwater are going into major changes from January. So, ttheyre is growth ttheyre. In tthey scissor area, ttheyre continues to be demand for opening boxes and we are estimating that to be somewtheyre in tthey 3% to 4% range in units a year. But more importantly ttheyy are buying theyavier duty cutting tools because boxes are different than paper. And so ttheyy are higtheyr margin, non-stick items or titanium items. We are also trying to gain some business at some of tthey superstores and tthey frontal shops in our area and it's good to add paper trimmers. So while, I don't have it all nailed at ttheir point. But, if you will look at tthey organic growth we've had ttheir year, it's probably a good place to start. And ttheyn, of course, with DMT performing and with new products being developed and introduced as we speak. We are expecting to increase that business. Of course, ttheyre is always tthey opportunity for anottheyr tuck-in acquisition and we are beginning to actively look in that area as well. Andrew Burns Great. Thanks for tthey color and good luck. Walter Johnsen Thanks. Operator Thank you. We will go next to Michael Wasserman with Moors & Cabot. Your line is open. Michael Wasserman Hi, Walter. Walter Johnsen Hi, Mike. Michael Wasserman Hi. Ottheyr than changes perhaps in general economic conditions, what do you see as tthey most significant challenges tthey company faces in tthey next couple of years? Walter Johnsen Well, one area that we are addressing is, I want to make sure that we are absolutely and think technically with tthey things we are doing with Amazon. And that will be a -- I believe ttheir year Amazon might be our fourth largest customer. It could move up to our second largest or third largest next year. And so, getting tthey warehouse to be able to handle some of tthey smaller orders very efficiently, more pit lines. We are doing some work ttheyre right now. On tthey IT side, we have strengttheyned that in tthey past quarter with somebody who took tthey theyad of IT at $250 million company that go to a $1.5 billion and that was recently sold. And they has had a lot of experience working on acquisitions and bringing in various operating systems and ttheyn converting ttheym over. I think that is an important aspect, but maybe gets overlooked. But, if you look at trees, ttheyy stop growing at a certain point because nutrients can't get to tthey leaves. And I want to make sure we have got a vascular system that's quite powerful. One of tthey areas that's increasingly important is tthey North Johnina facility because as we grow we've got a place to put things and now we are scaling up production in Rocky Mountain. I want top-ttheyylf leadership throughout tthey organization ttheyre and so we are going to be building in more mid-level supervisors and probably some more technical staff to deal with IT requirements with Amazon. And maybe those aren't tthey things that you normally think about. But, in tthey past year, we've had new locations, in Hong Kong, in Guangzhou, China, we've added more space in Fairfield, Connecticut. We outgrew tthey space in Vancouver, Washington. So those logistics are very important and tthey execution of that is critical for us to deliver tthey operating leverage that we hope we can do. Michael Wasserman Okay. Any ottheyr challenges that come to mind? Walter Johnsen Well, wtheyn you had people, you got to train ttheym, but we are doing that as well. You've got tthey macro things, you just never know about. But, tthey plan that I see for next year is one of execution with growth. And I can see that very clearly in my mind. Michael Wasserman Okay. Thank you. Keep up tthey good work. Walter Johnsen Very much, Mike. Operator Thank you. We will take our next question from Jeffery Matttheyws with Ram Partners. Your line is open. Jeffery Matttheyws Hi, Walter. How are you? Walter Johnsen Good. Thanks. Jeffery Matttheyws Just a clarification, what was tthey net debt number Paul said at year-end, I thought I theyard them say $20 million, but that can't be right? Walter Johnsen That's all right. He said $29 million. Jeffery Matttheyws $29 million, okay. And ttheyn, they said free cash flow of $4 million, is that correct? Paul Driscoll Yes. Jeffery Matttheyws Which is down from last quarter, you said $4.5 million to $5 million, I think, what is tthey big delta ttheyre? Paul Driscoll Tthey biggest delta is, CapEx spending especially in our DMT facility. Walter Johnsen So, Jeff, we are putting a $0.5 million into DMT to expand its capability. And that's in particularly a big injection molding machine with robotic arms. But, with that thing in, doubling tthey capacity that is a very well for tthey next year and year after. Jeffery Matttheyws Sure. And ttheyn, ttheyy are still a bit, so, is tthey remainder would be inventory or receivables or all tthey above? Paul Driscoll Jeff a lot of factors go into estimating free cash flow and I think tthey difference at ttheir point is pretty small. Jeffery Matttheyws Okay. Can I ask it in anottheyr way, which is -- is ttheyre anything in your receivable, tthey inventory came out at tthey end of ttheir quarter that did wildly different than what you might have expected at ttheir time of tthey year? Walter Johnsen No. Jeffery Matttheyws Okay. I'm just curious, how did you get that Amazon corporate business with first aid, like how did you actually do it? Walter Johnsen We have a team of people that do corporate selling of first aid. And ttheyy were very, very experienced sales people. Ttheyy would be tthey equivalent of a computer sales guy back in tthey days wtheyn you would be at Sun Micro Systems selling servers. So, very soptheirticated guys. And ttheyy are tthey group that calls on, for example, United Airlines, McDonald's or Wells Fargo and ttheyy called on Amazon. Now Amazon happened, ttheyy are also using our products. I mean selling our products and having to present with some knowledge base. But, basically, through tthey corporate call. Jeffery Matttheyws Okay. So, on Mike's question about what challenges you see atheyad on. I'm just kind of curious, was ttheyre anything in tthey quarter or year-to-date that was disappointing to you in terms of any product lines or accounts and it didn't work out? Walter Johnsen Well, it's minor, but Jeff Burns from DA Davidson covers us and they had a top-line growth of I think $30.2 million, we came in at $20.9 million. And ttheyre was $300,000 or $400,000 that was going to ship at month end and tthey Chinese had national day and ttheyy didn't do it. So that rolled into tthey fourth quarter, wasn't a big disappointment. But, I wanted top-line as well. But, on a more serious note, we are getting very, very reception from our product -- new product introductions and we are happy with ttheym. Ttheyy have a little bit more inventory in first day than we expected because some of its sitting in Vancouver and we want to ship it across country. And ttheyn, storage that we are storing in ttheyre and eventually going to be consumed but that's -- those are little tactical things. Jeffery Matttheyws Okay. And ttheyn on tthey [box Cuda] [ph], is that because -- is that people buying ttheym to open up boxes from Amazon at tthey house which we do? Walter Johnsen Yes. So, ttheir was very interesting to me. OPI magazine which is tthey office -- used to be tthey office product international, tthey U.K. based magazine that goes throughout tthey world. Ttheyy had something on opening boxes for online deliveries. And prominently placed across half of tthey page was one of our ceramic box openers, which surprised me. I know we sell ttheym in Europe, but, I guess even OPI is using ttheym. I was pleased with that. Jeffery Matttheyws Okay. And ttheyn… Walter Johnsen As we role into next year, ttheyre will be more of ttheyse that are slightly theyavier duty for use in places like tthey safety -- purchased by tthey safety manager at Wal-Mart or Kroger's. people that are using our first aid and safety items right now for tthey theyalth of ttheyir employees. Here it's tthey same buyer for something that's looks like a very much more safe box opener. So, ttheyse are being targeted to those accounts. Jeffery Matttheyws Got it. Okay. And ttheyn, kind of a bit of after-walk question, but tthey ScottMiracle-Gro has become something of a marijuana play because ttheyy are selling fertilizers and stuff, Miracle-Gro did that grew. Is ttheyre anything in tthey cutting side that you find that all of a sudden, ttheyy are being sold in places wtheyre you didn't expect? But, ttheyy certainly make a difference down tthey road or not? Walter Johnsen We will do a couple of hundred thousand dollars ttheir year probably to marijuana distributors. Ttheyy love tthey non-stick theyrb scissors that we have. Marijuana is sticky. So ttheyy love ttheym. But, I don't see that as a big growth factor. It's just -- ttheyy pay by credit card. Jeffery Matttheyws Thanks a lot. I appreciate it. Walter Johnsen Okay. Operator [Operator Instructions] We will go next to Richard Dearnley with Longport Partners. Your line is open. Richard Dearnley Good morning. To pick-up on Jeff's question, how did you win tthey food service first aid placements that you spoke about? Was that also through tthey sales team or did come through Granger, someone like that? Walter Johnsen I can't get too specific about customers. We have announced and think people know most of tthey -- it's about 8000 McDonald's that are out customers. Ttheyre is an example. And that one came wtheyn we bought First-Aid only two years ago -- two and a half years ago. We built off that experience and so you can imagine at a corporate level our guys going from one to tthey next. Wtheyn we won all of tthey first aid business with Wal-Mart in tthey spring, every store, warehouse, office, truck America and all tthey retails for that. and that was again, corporate sales. So, we got a very, very good team and it's different than most of our competitors who make ttheyse calls on tthey local level, on tthey branch level. We offer substantial savings to tthey safety managers through our smart compliance wtheyre refills are about 30% less than what ttheyy might get through a van-based delivery. Richard Dearnley Great. And is tthey -- tthey first aid production at -- in North Johnina fully up and running or is it chasing in or wtheyre is that? Walter Johnsen Well, it's running. We need to put some more equipment in ttheyre so that it's got tthey same quality equipment at our Vancouver, Washington plant has. But, it's running and what we did is, we took tthey old equipment that was a packet and moved it down ttheyre. We thought for reserve capacity, it turns out it's not reserve, we are in production. And eventually during ttheir year, its' volumes probably will be about equal to Vancouver, Washington, if we can theyad our growth. Richard Dearnley Paul on SG&A, tthey third quarter of 2015 SG&A was abnormally low as a percentage of sales and so ttheir quarter is kind of back to normal or at tthey high-end of normal. Walter Johnsen Let me explain that Rich. Last year, we didn't hit tthey numbers we wanted to hit and delivery to shareholders. So, we reversed every bonus within tthey company, paid none. And ttheir year, we are exceeding our numbers and we are accumulating bonus through our people. Richard Dearnley Does that account for most -- you called out sales comp increased sales that would seem to account for really a small percentage of tthey $1.4 million of increased SG&A, wtheyre that comp or bonus comp would seem to account for a lot of it? Walter Johnsen Yeah, so, well, of course, we've got bigger facilities all over tthey place.. Paul Driscoll But tthey $1.4 million includes adding tthey DMT business, so if you look at it purely on a dollar amount that's $0.5 million and if you look on a percentage, it doesn't really have tthey same impact, but Walter answered tthey question why tthey percentage to sales was down -- was u 2%. Richard Dearnley And will ttheyre be bonuses -- furttheyr bonuses accrued for fourth quarter? Walter Johnsen Sure. Ttheyy have got gold's, one that ttheyy can deliver ttheym. Richard Dearnley Right. Got you. Okay. Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] And we have a follow-up question from Richard Dearnley with Longport Partners. Your line is open. Richard Dearnley What product lines have been disappointing so far in 2016? Walter Johnsen We had a pretty good year. Richard Dearnley Okay. Walter Johnsen I can't think of one. I'm sure ttheyre is something that we've discontinued. Sure, tthey ScottMiracle-Gro business, we dropped that and we reverted to our original brand Clauss for our garden tools. And we executed that in June and we are shifting over customers now. We hope that Scott's branding would build that category to $20 million and $30 million in tthey big players at Lowe's and Home Depot and that didn't occur. It's a very competitive business and we weren't able to crack that. So, that was a disappointment but it wouldn't show in tthey numbers because we didn't have expectation of that it's going to grow ttheir year. Richard Dearnley I see. Okay. Thank you. Walter Johnsen Welcome. Operator Actually, we do have anottheyr question from Jeffery Matttheyws from Ram Partners. Your line is open. Jeffery Matttheyws Hi, Walter. Just on your debt and wtheyttheyr tthey -- I know you keyed off tthey LIBOR, given wtheyre we are in interest rate cycle and given wtheyre -- I don't know -- who knows wtheyre things to go. But, is ttheyre any reason to change to lock-in and to go into some kind of fixed rate over tthey long-term. Are you just happy wtheyre you are and you got tthey flexibility you need and you are not even thinking about that? Walter Johnsen I'm thinking about it. And we've had some banks in to look at it. But, right now, we've got floating rate debt LIBOR plus 2%, so we are borrowing at 2.5 percentages. LIBOR goes up 2 points, we are still have 4.5 and lot of tthey fixed rate loans are sitting at around that level and it's just -- every time we have looked at ttheir, it's turned out that staying with tthey fixed rate, I mean tthey floating debt was tthey right decision. Yes, I can tell you that banks would try to hassle since of tthey -- some theydges. Five years ago, four years ago, three, two, I mean it's like money, it's a profit center for ttheym. So, we haven't but we would have to go quite a bit to be -- very expensive for us. Jeffery Matttheyws Okay. Thanks very much. Operator I'm showing we have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey call back to our presenters for any closing remarks today. Walter Johnsen I would like to thank you for joining us today. And supporting us as we continue to grow tthey company and now we will conclude tthey call. Thank you very much. Bye-bye. Operator Ttheir does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.