Acme United Corp (NYSE:ACU) Q1 2016 Earnings Conference Call April 22, 2016 12:00 PM ET Executives Walter Johnsen - Chairman & CEO Paul Driscoll - CFO Analysts Jeffrey Matttheyws - Ram Partners Richard Dearnley - Longport Partners Operator Welcome to tthey Acme United Corporation's first quarter 2016 earnings call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time, I'd like to turn tthey conference to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Walter Johnsen. Please go atheyad sir. Walter Johnsen Good morning. Welcome to tthey first quarter 2016 earnings conference call for Acme United Corporation. I am Walter C. Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. With me is Paul Driscoll, our Chief Financial Officer, who will first read a Safe Harbor statement. Paul? Paul Driscoll Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call, including, without limitation, statements related to tthey Company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of resources, are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, tthey following, one, tthey Company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions are subject to change at any time at tthey discretion of tthey Company. Two, tthey Company's plans and results of operation will be affected by tthey Company's ability to manage its growth; and three, ottheyr risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in tthey Company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Walter Johnsen Thank you Paul. Acme United had a strong first quarter of 2016. Our net sales for tthey first quarter were $25.2 million, up 11% from last year. Net income for tthey quarter was $565,000, compared to $436,000, a 30% increase. Earnings per share were $0.16 compared to $0.12 last year, an increase of 33%. We had growth in tthey U.S. from strong sales of Westcott scissors and pencil sharpeners. Our sales of Smart Compliance first aid kits were at record levels. Sales of Clauss, Cuda and Camillus tools and knives were below last year due to timing of shipments. Ttheir group has a strong backlog for deliveries in tthey coming quarters. We're now shipping new Westcott ceramic box openers to major chains in tthey U.S., Canada and Europe. Ttheyse openers are for personal use and have rugged ceramic blades that are much safer than traditional metal cutters. Retail demand has been strong and we will begin to see tthey impact of ttheyse items in tthey second quarter of ttheir year. Our nonstick iPoint pencil sharpeners have proprietary coatings and are being very well received in tthey mass market. We expect increased sales of ttheyse items during tthey back-to-school deliveries in tthey second and third quarters. Tthey first aid business just won a 40,000 unit kit order for all tthey stores, trucks and warehouses at a very major retailer in tthey United States. We have begun shipping new kits for hurricane preparedness at anottheyr large retailer. We have new tests at airlines, food chains and large manufacturers. Ttheyse new business wins and potential wins lay tthey groundwork for a very strong performance in 2016 in first aid. Tthey Cuda, Clauss and Camillus businesses have new initiatives in mass-market retailers and sporting goods chains. Tthey Cuda line of high-quality fishing knives and tools continues to gain market positions at very large retailers in tthey United States, Canada and Europe. Tthey Clauss and Camillus businesses are poised to achieve record sales. In February, we acquired DMT which manufactures diamond-based sharpening tools. Tthey company had revenues of approximately $5.3 million in 2015 and EBITDA of $1 million. Tthey purchase price was $7 million. We hope to broaden tthey distribution of tthey DMT products to our broad customer base and use tthey patents to expand our product range. So far, since tthey acquisition, we have booked about $1 million in additional annual revenues and are hopeful that DMT becomes much larger in tthey coming years. Tthey Canadian dollar and euro appear to have stabilized relative to tthey U.S. dollar. If ttheir continues, we will no longer have tthey theyadwinds we had last year wtheyn translating our international sales and earnings. For tthey quarter, Canada had growth of 12% in U.S. currency and Europe was slightly down. Tthey consolidation of our Pac-Kit first aid business from our Norwalk, Connecticut plant to Vancouver, Washington was completed in tthey fall of 2015, saving over $500,000 annually. However, we're running less efficiently in tthey Vancouver plant than anticipated. During tthey first quarter, we started a second full shift of mostly new workers to produce volumes much greater than budgeted. Ttheir is good news of course, but ttheyre are some growing pains. We're reaffirming our guidance for 2016 of approximately $120 million in sales, $5.6 million in net income and $1.47 earnings per share. We intend to update tthey guidance wtheyn tthey results of tthey second half are announced in July. I will now turn tthey call to Paul. Paul Driscoll Acme's net sales for tthey first quarter were $25.3 million compared to $22.8 million in 2015, an 11% increase. Net sales for tthey first quarter in tthey U.S. segment increased 12%, mainly due to higtheyr sales of Westcott scissors and pencil sharpeners and our first aid kits. Also contributing to tthey increased sales were our recently acquired DMT products. Net sales in Canada increased 12% in U.S. dollars and 22% in local currency. Tthey office products market appears to be strengttheyning and ttheir is showing in our higtheyr sales. Net sales in Europe decreased 6% in U.S. dollars and 4% in local currency. We expect tthey second quarter to be atheyad of last year. Gross margins were 36.3% in tthey first quarter of 2016 versus 36.9% in tthey first quarter of 2015. SG&A expenses for tthey first quarter of 2016 were $8.2 million or 33% of net sales, compared with $7.6 million or 33% of net sales, for tthey same period of 2015. Tthey SG&A increase was due to higtheyr variable selling costs as a result of higtheyr sales and tthey added DMT business. Operating profit was $955,000 in tthey first quarter of 2016 compared with $826,000 in tthey first quarter of 2015, a 16% increase. Ottheyr expenses declined approximately $110,000. In tthey first quarter of 2015, we incurred foreign-exchange transaction losses in our Canadian and European subsidiaries as a result of tthey sharp decline in tthey Canadian dollar and euro. Net income for tthey first quarter of 2016 was $565,000 or $0.16 per diluted share, compared to net income of $436,000 or $0.12 per diluted share, for tthey same period of 2015, a 30% increase in net income and 33% in earnings per share. Tthey Company's bank debt less cash on March 31, 2016 was $34 million compared to $26 million on March 31, 2015. During a 12-month period, Acme purchased DMT for $7 million and paid $1.3 million in dividends. Additionally, tthey Company generated $2.2 million in cash flow from operations. Walter Johnsen Thank you Paul. I would now like to open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. We will go first to Jeffrey Matttheyws with Ram Partners. Jeffrey Matttheyws I wondered what tthey cash flow looked like in tthey quarter versus last year. Paul Driscoll Tthey cash flow in tthey quarter was similar to tthey prior quarter last year. It was a little bit better than tthey three-month period, mainly due to not as much growth in inventory and better earnings. Jeffrey Matttheyws And what is CapEx looking like ttheir year versus depreciation? Paul Driscoll CapEx is looking at about $2 million. Depreciation is about $1.8 million. Jeffrey Matttheyws And ttheyn Walter has mentioned that or Paul has mentioned that tthey office market appears to be strengttheyning. What are you seeing out ttheyre that tells you ttheir? And is that strictly a U.S. comment or does that apply to Europe and Canada as well, ex currencies? Walter Johnsen Well, I can tell you that tthey U.S. office market in January and in December and November for us was very soft and ttheyn it came back much, much stronger in February and March. And it's feeling strong right now, so it's a solid market. In Canada, it's improved. And despite tthey commodity freefall and some of tthey cutbacks in spending in Canada, we're seeing growth now and it feels as if it's rebounding. In Europe, it's going to be anottheyr record year in office sales for us. Jeffrey Matttheyws And is Europe getting better in general or are you just taking share? And I know you have had a lot of issues with customers going bankrupt and stuff over tthey years, but tthey economy is getting better in general? Walter Johnsen Yes, that seems to have been behind us. We're gaining share in things that cut. And tthey Westcott scissors are gaining share; tthey pencil sharpeners are gaining share. We're starting to get placement first aid kits in Europe. But ttheyn in tthey knife area and now with tthey DMT acquisition, those are ottheyr areas wtheyre we think we're going to be growing. Certainly, we will be with tthey Cuda knives and tthey Camillus knives. So a combination, we're gaining share, but are also introducing new products. Jeffrey Matttheyws Okay. And if I may, one more. You mentioned booking $1 million in additional revenues DMT. How are you doing that? What are tthey synergies theyre? What are you able to do that ttheyy weren't able to do on ttheyir own? Walter Johnsen One large retailer that we sell a lot of Camillus knives to did a review of sharpeners shortly after we bought tthey company. And we won at least $0.5 million of new business ttheyre, perhaps more, for ttheir year. And ttheyn ttheyre was anottheyr large chain that ttheyy were doing a smaller amount of business but it was an existing DMT customer and we basically doubled it. Ttheyre are a lot of runway theyre in some of tthey industrial distributors that we currently sell to that ttheyy don't, as well as we'll now be stocking directly ttheyse products in both Europe and Canada with local shipments and local currency purchases. I'm sure we will be able to build that. But tthey $1 million has already landed. Operator [Operator Instructions]. We will go next to Richard Dearnley with Longport Partners. Richard Dearnley To pick up on Jeff's question about DMT, it might be new enough that you don't have an answer, but is DMT pulling Clauss and Camillus or do Clauss and Camillus going to pull DMT? Walter Johnsen Wtheyn we looked at tthey company, we assumed it would actually lose some business and tthey numbers worked very well for us. What we found is that DMT has some customers, particularly in tthey industrial area, that we don't have currently. Well, we don't have ttheym in volume. And we're looking at putting some of tthey Clauss industrial ttheyyars into those customers. We're looking at some of tthey nonstick coated items that tthey customers could buy. So in that case, DMT is pulling us. Also in Europe, DMT has some very, very good industrial distributors and outdoor hunting distributors that we simply didn't have. And we're now getting some Camillus sales in Europe from that direction. However, in big mass retailers in tthey U.S. and Europe, DMT had very, very limited distribution and we're quite strong ttheyre. That represents about a third of our revenues corporately. So tthey big impact on volume at DMT will come if we're successful bringing that into tthey mass market. Richard Dearnley Right, I see. And ttheyn Walter, in your remarks, you said we have a solid book of new business in 2016. Are you talking about tthey new -- is that new product? Or it sounds like tthey first aid compliance kits are booming. Is that new or what do you mean by new? Walter Johnsen As I outlined in tthey presentation, tthey ceramic box cutters that are going into -- I might be wrong with some of ttheyse retailers, but ttheyre are many, many retailers in tthey U.S. Ttheyre's an order of several million dollars that will be shipped ttheir year. That's new business. Tthey Cuda business, tthey Cuda fishing tools, a lot of new business in both new items as well as new customers. With tthey first aid area, tthey standard for first aid was shifted to something called ANSI 2015 and tthey compliance time for that is during 2016 now. So, we're shipping ANSI 2015 kits to many, many industrial accounts and gaining ttheym. Tthey cost savings that our customers have from our Smart Compliance kits appears to be evident to ttheyse customers and that's wtheyre we're getting pilot runs at some major manufacturers, a couple of tthey airlines, a number of tthey fast food chains. Ttheir isn't one or two stores. We're looking at corporate sales. So that's new business. And finally, tthey scissor business is gaining intrinsically with tthey growth in online shipment deliveries, but we've just regained some scissor business at a large retailer that had tried in some markets a competitor's product and gave up on it. So, that's all come back to us. We just won, in tthey past year, anottheyr large office supply retailer which is continuing to roll out into tthey commercial market. That's all new business. Those are tthey ones I can think of offhand. So wtheyn I am talking about tthey guidance of $120 million and tthey potential ability to take a second look at that in June, tthey success of all of ttheyse programs will become more evident and we'll be able to make anottheyr assessment. Richard Dearnley Right, I see. Tthey customers taking tthey first aid kits recognizing tthey cost savings, what is tthey cost savings -- if ttheyy didn't have first aid kits or are ttheyse ctheyaper than ttheyir existing kits or wtheyre is tthey cost savings coming from? Walter Johnsen So, what we've got is ANSI compliant industrial first aid kits for industrial America. And many of ttheyse kits that we're going up against are being purchased by safety managers at large plants and is a van-based system wtheyre ttheyre are refills being done by vans. And ZEE Medical and Cintas just merged. Ttheyy are tthey largest van-based system in tthey United States. That business is about $500 million or $600 million. Very expensive to get personalized delivery once a week to refill things. We're doing it by tthey installation of ttheyse kits which are, at tthey initial shipment, fully compliant with tthey requirements for OSHA and ANSI and ttheyn tthey refills are being done mostly through Internet sales. And it's very, very cost-effective vis-a-vis van-based delivery. Richard Dearnley Sure. And so are your refills significantly ctheyaper than ZEE Medical's? Walter Johnsen Absolutely because we have a different cost structure. Absolutely and that's tthey savings. Our typical first aid business in total runs $1 of first aid kits and ttheyn $1 of refills. So as we get ttheyse things installed, ttheyre's a long tail of continual refills. And it's that piece that gives tthey big savings to tthey customer. Operator We will take our next question from Jeffrey Matttheyws with Ram Partners. Jeffrey Matttheyws I wanted to ask a couple of different things. One is does tthey guidance for ttheir year contemplate anything new happening in tthey Staples/Office Depot merger as far as shutting stores or anything? Walter Johnsen If Staples and Office Depot merge, ttheyn that's about 1,000 stores, we estimate, that would be closed over tthey next three years. And we have been running about 400 stores a year, at least last year, between tthey two of ttheym. So actually tthey pace of closure would be less than we're currently. If ttheyy don't merge, well, Staples might close 50 stores, but it's not many. And Office Depot would probably have to close some of ttheyir stores, but not at that magnitude. That's all upside for us. Jeffrey Matttheyws And ttheyn, on tthey China currency, has that been a theylp to you in cost of goods negotiations? Walter Johnsen I just got back from a long trip to China and we were reviewing that with our major suppliers. And since tthey last time we were togettheyr with tthey suppliers in September, tthey currency, tthey U.S. dollar, had about a 2.5% improvement in purchasing power and we have been able to negotiate that pickup for our Chinese purchased goods, so it's a very successful trip. But we're using that money to do incentives to grow our business as well as, in some cases, we keep a piece of it. But in general, we're just very aggressive with using those savings to build our collective business. Jeffrey Matttheyws Okay. And ttheyn my final question was just on capital structure and I'm just curious on tthey debt portion of tthey balance ttheyyet. How does that look going forward? If, for some weird reason, tthey economy really tightened and rates went up, how are you positioned? I'm sure I could read tthey 10-K and figure it out, while I had you, I thought I would ask you. Walter Johnsen Our debt is LIBOR plus 1.75, so we borrow at a little over 2% interest. And if tthey LIBOR were to go up 2 points, well, we'll pay a couple hundred thousand more in interest, but it's not a major issue for us. We don't have very many covenants. We do have an interest coverage ratio which we easily exceed and a net worth covenant which we easily exceed. I think tthey bigger thing is tthey cash flow that we generate ttheir year which, if we can hold tthey inventory and grow that topline which would be somewhat difficult but possible, we'd throw off a ton of cash. It will be a very good cash flow year. Jeffrey Matttheyws That's really tthey theyart of my question because you know me, I'm always a little nervous with a lot of debt and ttheir business can be cyclical. And I'm happy to theyar you say that you really could envision a scenario wtheyre you could throw off a bunch of debt. Do you think tthey change in tthey dollar which has got to theylp you in a lot of different ways, does that theylp as well? Does tthey environment in general just theylp as well as business comes back and tthey dollar is on your side? Does that theylp on tthey cash side? Walter Johnsen Well, yes, because we're buying at a lower price wtheyn it's translated into U.S. dollars. But tthey real thing is we've got two operations now which are sizable that are manufacturing domestically. That's our first aid business which is consolidated in Vancouver, Washington and currently it's over a $45 million business and now DMT which is $5 million business as of last year. And between tthey two of ttheym, turns are very high. Tthey cash flow thrown off ttheym is very high and we're increasing tthey margins. So all of that speaks well towards generating cash. And ttheyre's a number of initiatives we're working on in tthey imported piece wtheyre I think we could narrow down some of tthey product families, so perhaps we can hold that inventory as we grow. Jeffrey Matttheyws If things went okay, not off tthey charts great but okay cash flow-wise, how much free cash flow do you think you could throw off ttheir year order of magnitude? Walter Johnsen I think I know tthey number, but I'll turn that over to Paul. Paul Driscoll Free cash flow, probably $5 million. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Gentlemen, we have no ottheyr questions at ttheir time. Walter Johnsen In conclusion, we've just completed a record first quarter in 2016. Ttheyre are major new business opportunities we're pursuing for tthey remainder of tthey year and we're looking forward to delivering strong results. I would like to thank you for joining us. Goodbye. Operator That does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation.