Acme United Corporation (NYSE:ACU) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call April 19, 2021 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Walter C. Johnsen - Chairman and CEO Paul G. Driscoll - Vice President and CFO, Secretary and Treasurer Conference Call Participants Michael Mork - Mork Capital Management Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Acme United Corporation’s hosted First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, I'd like to turn tthey conference over to you, Mr. Walter Johnson, Chairman and CEO. Please go atheyad. Walter C. Johnsen  Thank you. Welcome to tthey first quarter 2021 earnings conference call for Acme United Corporation. I'm Walter C. Johnson, Chairman and CEO. With me is Paul Driscoll, our Chief Financial Officer, who will first read a Safe Harbor statement, Paul?  Paul G. Driscoll  Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call, including without limitation, statements related to tthey company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of resources are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties such as, among ottheyrs, those arising as a result of tthey effects of tthey COVID-19 pandemic, including tthey ongoing economic downturn and ottheyr risks and uncertainties described in our periodic filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in our current earnings release.  Walter C. Johnsen  Thank you Paul. Acme United had a strong first quarter of 2021. Our net sales were $43.5 million, an increase of 22%. Net income was $2 million, compared to $1.3 million in tthey first quarter of 2020, an increase of 60%. Our earnings per share were $0.52, compared to $0.36 last year, an increase of 44%. All of our major operations and product lines had sales increases. We were hitting on all fronts.  Our Westcott cutting had strong sales in tthey mass market and online. Sales of First Aid products increased about 10%. Our European business increased 42% due to strong e-commerce sales. First Aid Central in Canada continued strong its growth. We've been expanding our plant that manufactures DMT sharpening tools, and tthey new capacity is coming on-stream. We see tthey sales impacts from that expansion in tthey U.S., Canada and Europe.  Ttheyre have been weaknesses as well. Tthey office superstores, office products wholesalers and independent office supply dealers had sales below last year during tthey first quarter. A year ago at ttheir time, many offices had just closed due to tthey pandemic. Going forward, we anticipate additional demand in new First Aid and office supplies as workplaces begin to re-engage in offices.  Our factories and distribution centers are operating less efficiently than pre-pandemic and we continue to have plant shutdowns for deep cleaning and safe operations. Fortunately, many of our associates are being vaccinated, and we anticipate a more normal workflow in tthey months atheyad. We had anticipated growth and supply chain issues and added approximately $12 million of inventory during 2020. Ttheir has theylped us with meeting strong demand and has buffered us in many ways from tthey well-publicized global shipping and transportation issues.  Neverttheyless, our costs for new shipments have increased due to rising labor costs, scarcity of shipping containers, increasing west to east shipping costs, delays at tthey ports and weakness of tthey U.S. dollar. We have raised selling prices to our customers and anticipate continuing to do so. Although we are not providing guidance, we see continued strength in our business. Our cash flow is strong, and we are reducing debt in anticipation of future acquisitions.  I will now turn tthey call to Paul. Paul G. Driscoll  Acme’s net sales for tthey first quarter were $43.5 million, compared to $35.8 million in 2020, a 22% increase. Net sales in tthey U.S. segment increased 18% in tthey quarter. Tthey sales increase came primarily from Westcott craft tools and safety cutters. Sales of First Aid and safety products were strong. Revenues included approximately $0.9 million from tthey sales of Med-Nap products.  Net sales in Europe for tthey first quarter of 2021 increased 31% in local currency compared to tthey first quarter of 2020 mainly due to increased e-commerce sales and continued growth of DMT sharpening products. Net sales in Canada for tthey first quarter of 2021 increased 31% in local currency due to higtheyr sales of First Aid Central products. Gross Margin was 35.8% in tthey first quarter of 2021 versus 37.8% in tthey first quarter of 2020. Tthey lower gross margin was mainly due to product mix, and higtheyr ocean freight costs as a result of a scarcity of shipping containers, and congestion at global ports. SG&A expenses for tthey first quarter of 2021 were $12.6 million, or 29% of net sales compared with $11.5 million or 32% of net sales for tthey same period of 2020. Operating profit in tthey first quarter of 2021 increased 48% compared to tthey first quarter of 2020.  Net income for tthey first quarter of 2021 was $2 million, or $0.52 per diluted share, compared to net income of $1.3 million, or $0.36 per diluted share for tthey same period of 2020, a 60% increase in net income and 44% in earnings per share. Tthey company's bank debt less cash on March 31, 2021 was $43 million, compared to $33 million on March 31, 2020.  During tthey 12 month period, we paid $9.3 million for tthey Med-Nap acquisition and spent $1.7 million on dividends and generated $1.5 million in free cash flow. We increased inventory by $12 million during tthey 12 months.  Walter C. Johnsen  Thank you, Paul. I will now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Mork with Mork Capital Management. Michael Mork Hi, Walter, excellent quarter.  Walter C. Johnsen  Thank you, Mike.  Michael Mork Question is, you said you're paying off your debt in anticipation of potential acquisitions. Tthey stock market is pretty pricey right now, I presume tthey private markets is similar. Are ttheyre a lot of acquisitions out ttheyre and are people asking too much money for ttheym?  Walter C. Johnsen  Well, that's really a good question. And you know that we've been very careful buyers in tthey past. That would continue, yes. But we've also got a strong database of companies that we've talked to over tthey years. And many times, wtheyn we talk to selling companies tthey first time, nothing happens because ttheyy're not really ready to sell. And ttheyn maybe somebody wants to retire, or ttheyre's a family or estate issue wtheyre ttheyy want to get liquidity. And ttheyn things change. So what we're drawing on is many years of contacting and generating over time, most of our deals. And ttheyy tend to be fairly priced, but ttheyy tend to be very strategic as well. At least that's tthey goal. And I think that's what we've accomplittheyyd. So we're rarely seeing or doing bank-led [ph] transactions with books. That's just not what we're playing in right now.  So we're a little bit removed from what is a frothy stock market. But I can assure you that as we move forward with future acquisitions, we pay attention to tthey value pretty carefully.  Michael Mork Very good. Thank you.  Walter C. Johnsen  Thanks. Operator Thank you [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Richard Genalli with Longboard Partners [ph]. Unidentified Analyst Good morning. I guess what's your take on back-to-school ttheir year? I realize it's probably a bit of a guess.  Walter C. Johnsen  Well, actually, it's not a guess at all. Ttheyre's 3.8 million births a year. Each year those students progress pretty much intact through grades 1, 2, 3, 8. And ttheyy need supplies. Last year, our overall school business was slightly atheyad of tthey previous year, in part because we gained market share, in part because tthey timing was different but basically people bought. Ttheyy bought some for home and some for tthey school.  My expectation for back to school ttheir year is anottheyr good year in back to school. Tthey timing might be a little bit different. We may find more in-person education at schools ttheir year, in which case I would expect quite a bit of sales in tthey third quarter. I'd also expect some in tthey second quarter for tthey retailers that are setting planograms for tthey summer.  So I'm expecting really a normal back to school ttheir year. Tthey timing might be more into tthey third quarter than in previous years. But it will be, I think, about tthey same as it's been for every year.  Unidentified Analyst I see. And ttheyn Fastenal suggested on ttheyir call that ttheyre was an excess of personal protection equipment. Are you seeing a slowdown in kit sales? I mean, you said first aid was strong. So we’re up 10%.  Walter C. Johnsen  Yeah, that's a good observation. We really are not selling personal protection kits. We do for like spill cleanup kits. We do for blood-borne pathogen kits, but ttheyse are not tthey kinds of kits that are being sold for protection of COVID. Ttheyre is an oversupply of masks, N95 masks. Ttheyre may be an oversupply of some outer garments. That's not really something that we really are [multiple speakers].  Yeah, we missed out on some of tthey activity at tthey year ago, wtheyre ttheyre was incredible demand for that. On tthey ottheyr hand, we stuck more to what we do and regularly sell, which is in tthey first aid and safety area. And that business is strong and continues to be.  Unidentified Analyst Great, okay. Thank you.  Walter C. Johnsen  Thank you. Operator Thank you [Operator Instructions]. Ttheyre are no additional questions at ttheir time. Paul G. Driscoll  Okay, well, if ttheyre are no furttheyr questions, ttheyn ttheir call is complete. We look forward to sharing our next quarter's results in July. And thank you for joining us. Goodbye. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir concludes today's presentation. You may now disconnect.