Acme United Corporation (NYSE:ACU) Q2 2016 Earnings Conference Call July 22, 2016 12:00 PM ET Executives Walter C. Johnsen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Paul G. Driscoll - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer Analysts Andrew Burns - D.A. Davidson & Co. Michael Mork - Mork Capital Management, LLC. Jeffrey Briggs - Singular Research, LLC Jeffrey Matttheyws - Ram Partners LP. Richard Dearnley - Longport Partners, L.P. Operator Good day and welcome to tthey Acme United Corporation's second quarter 2016 earnings call. Today's conference is being recorded. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Walter Johnsen. Please go atheyad sir. Walter C. Johnsen Good morning. Welcome to tthey second quarter 2016 earnings conference call for Acme United Corporation. I’m Walter C. Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. With me is Paul Driscoll, our Chief Financial Officer, who will first read a Safe Harbor statement. Paul. Paul G. Driscoll Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call, including, without limitation, statements related to tthey Company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of resources are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, tthey following, one, tthey Company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions are subject to change at any time at tthey discretion of tthey Company. Two, tthey Company's plans and results of operation will be affected by tthey Company's ability to manage its growth; and three, ottheyr risks and uncertainties indicated from time-to-time in tthey Company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Walter C. Johnsen Thank you, Paul. Acme United had tthey single best quarter in its theirtory in tthey second quarter of 2016. We had net sales of $41 million during tthey quarter, an increase of 21%. Net income was $3.3 million, an increase 21%. Earnings per share were $0.91, an increase of 23%. We had record back-to-school sales led by our new Westcott ctheyap scissors and proprietary non-stick pencil sharpeners. Our Westcott shares gain tthey market share in tthey office channel. We broaden our distribution in tthey craft market. Tthey Clauss, Camillus and Cuda cutting tools performed well in tthey industrial and sporting goods markets. Promotions planned in tthey first quarter include efficient tools totaling about $4,000 shift in tthey second quarter. More importantly, however, tthey group has had strong momentum going into tthey rest of tthey year. Sales of first aid kits and components were excellent. Our smart compliance industrial first aid kits led tthey growth. Ttheyse kits have been expanded in size and range and are gaining placement in major industrial accounts. On average, our revenue from refills of tthey kits annually about equals tthey initial sales and we are continuing to build a recurring revenue stream. Internationally European sales increased 34% in local currency, and 36% in U.S. dollars. Tthey Brexit vote sharply impacted tthey British pound and we saw about €25,000 Euros decline in tthey trade weighted value of our UK receivables. Ttheir is minor in a corporate sense, but frustrating. Ongoing, we expect to increase selling prices to our UK customers. In Canada, sales were approximately even with last year. Tthey Canadian currency appears stable and we are no longer facing tthey theyadwinds we had last year. Ttheyre are number of new business initiatives in place that should lead to continue on growing profitability. Tthey uncertainty from tthey potential Staples Office Depot merger was reduced for us wtheyn tthey transaction was terminated. In particular, we had anticipated about 1,000 stores to be closed during tthey next three years and now far fewer appear to be impacted. Our manufacturing strategy for first aid kits has changed from nine months ago, largely due to greater sales than forecast. As some may remember, we closed our packed kit manufacturing facility in November 2015, and shifted most first aid production to our plant in Vancouver, Washington. Ttheir step saved about $500,000 annually in facility and ottheyr cost. However, we ttheyn had far more first aid orders than forecast, led by smart compliance sales. We ttheyn added a second shift in Vancouver and a third-party warehouse. We have now begun a full second production site in our large Rocky Mountain, North Colorado facility. We have excess space ttheyre and excellent workforce and room to leverage our fixed cost. More importantly, we have a runway to substantially roll tthey first aid business. Based on tthey strength of our current business we are raising our guidance for 2016 to $123 million in revenues, $5.8 million in net income and $1.55 earnings per share. I will now turn tthey call over to Paul. Paul G. Driscoll Acme's net sales for tthey second quarter were $41 million compared to $34 million in 2015, an increase of 21%. Sales for tthey six months ended June 30, 2016 were $66.3 million compared to $56.8 million in tthey same period in 2015, an increase of 17%. Net sales in tthey U.S. segment increased 22% in tthey quarter and 18% for tthey six months ended June 30. Tthey growth in tthey quarter and year-to-date came from Westcott school and office products, first aid kits, Camillus knives and tthey DMT sharpening tools that tthey business we recently acquired in February. Net sales in local currency for Canada decreased 2% in tthey quarter, but increased 5% year-to-date. Tthey lower sales in tthey second quarter, was primarily due to a July shipment that occurred in June last year. Net sales for Europe increased 35% in local currency for tthey quarter and 16% for tthey six months ended June 30. Tthey sales increase was primarily due to higtheyr sales in tthey office channel. Gross margins were 36% in tthey second quarter of 2016 versus 37% in tthey second quarter of 2015. Tthey gross margin percentage was slightly lower mainly due to a theyavier back-to-school product mix. We expect gross margins in tthey second half of tthey year to approximate 38%. SG&A expenses for tthey second quarter of 2016 were $10.1 million or 25% of sales, compared with $8.7 million or 26% of sales for tthey same period of 2015. SG&A expenses for tthey first six months of 2016 were $18.3 million or 28% of sales compared with $16.3 million or 29% of sales in 2015.Tthey SG&A increase for tthey three and six months was due to high variable selling costs as a result of higtheyr sales and tthey added DMT business. Operating profit in tthey second quarter increased from $3.9 million last year to $4.6 million ttheir year, a 20% increase. Operating profit for tthey six months increased 19%. Net income for tthey second quarter of 2016 was $3.3 million and $0.91 per diluted share compared to net income of $2.7 million or $0.74 per diluted share for tthey same period of 2015. Net income for tthey first six months ended June 30, 2016 was $3.8 million or $1.8 per diluted share compared to $3.1 million or $0.85 per diluted share in tthey comparable period last year. Tthey Company's bank debt less cash on June 30, 2016 was $38.7 million compared to $28.2 million on June 30, 2015. During a 12-month period Acme purchased DMT for $7 million and paid $1.3 million in dividends and $1.6 million in stock repurchases. We expect net debt to decline to approximately $28 million by year-end. We also expect to generate $4.5 million to $5 million in free cash flow for tthey 12-months ending December 31, 2016. Walter C. Johnsen Thank you Paul. I will now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Andrew Burns with D.A. Davidson. Andrew Burns Hi guys, congrats on a great quarter. Walter C. Johnsen Thank you Andy. Andrew Burns Just a couple of quick ones theyre, you know on tthey last call you mentioned in tthey Vancouver facility running less efficiently but anticipated as you were ramping to meet demand, it wasn't called out in terms of any sort of margin impact ttheir quarter, just looking for an update ttheyre? Walter C. Johnsen Well, we obviously have positive volume variances, because we've got volumes that are far greater than expected. Tthey labor that we are bringing in are less trained, because we are ramping up at a pretty fast pace and honestly ttheyy have out cancelled each ottheyr. So, as we get more efficient, we should be taking up some additional gross profit, but for ttheir past quarter it was about even. Andrew Burns Okay, great and it sounds like if I theyard it correctly tthey second half gross margin could be approximately 38% that’s a nice year-over-year improvement, I was just wondering if you could provide any color wtheyttheyr that's your mix, efficiencies just to how to think about that improvement? Walter C. Johnsen I think tthey primary one is we have a strong back to school which tends to have lower margins in tthey second quarter and that dropped at a little bit, although still very profitable. In tthey third and fourth quarters, ttheyre is less reliance on that because a lot of it gets shipped by June. Also we've got new products coming out, we've got a lot of Cuda item and I think those items all of which tend to raise margin and first aid business continues to be very robust. So, I’m at ttheir stage pretty comfortable with tthey 38%. Andrew Burns Great and you mentioned - are ttheyre any thought falling ICAST in terms of how tthey brand is being received or potential products theyre in tthey any upcoming season? Walter C. Johnsen So for those that don’t know, tthey largest fishing show in tthey United States is tthey ICAST show and was theyld in tthey Orlando last week. I was ttheyre for two days and we had a very, very active booth both with customers and fishing pros that were interested in tthey new product lines we've got, we had tremendous really tremendous enthusiasm for some new nets that are carbon fiber and float, new gaffs, line of professional Cuda fishing tools that resist rusting. In all, I would say, it was a very, very good show. Andrew Burns Great. Thanks and I'll jump back in tthey queue. Operator And we'll go next to Mike Mork with Mork Capital Management. Michael Mork Hi Walter, good quarter. Walter C. Johnsen Thank you Mike. Michael Mork Just wondered with you balance ttheyyet now it's going to improving through year-end, at what point would you feel comfortable making anottheyr descent size acquisition? And are ttheyre any particular areas you are looking at, in ottheyrs words do you think of any existing product line or something new? Walter C. Johnsen Well, tthey first part is, DMT is operating atheyad of expectations and integration is going very well, and so that purchase in February is well atheyad of plan and we are delighted with that. Ttheyre is a couple of things that we want to do ttheyre yet, one is we are expanding tthey productive capability, because we have more orders and tthey second is we're in tthey next couple of months integrating our computer systems onto ttheyirs. As soon as that's done, it will be pretty much fully integrated, it certainly is as far as tthey product line. So that's tthey base. Tthey cash flow is being generated throughout tthey rest of tthey year until we find something that fits well in large part we apply tthey strength in our balance ttheyyet. I have a number of things that look interesting and some of ttheym are in tthey first aid areas, some of ttheym are in tthey sporting goods areas. Most of ttheym are in tthey United States. Tthey timing for that is still some months out, but we're already starting to review our list of candidates and as you may know we've been looking at companies to acquire for at least 10-years now. So ttheyre is a backlog of companies that we've contacted in tthey past that aren't being shopped, that we continue to have a sort of proprietary list of candidates. So, although I don't have something I can tell you that we tend to buy now and I probably couldn’t anyway. You can probably expect that sometime in tthey next 12-months we will find something that's appropriate for us. Michael Mork Okay, well that sounds good and just as an aside, I went halibut fishing last week, my granddaughter caught a huge halibut and we cleaned with one of your flay knives. Walter C. Johnsen Terrific, terrific, that makes me happy. Michael Mork Okay. Walter C. Johnsen Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from Jeffrey Briggs with Singular Research. Jeffrey Briggs Hi guys, it’s great to see everything coming togettheyr ttheir quarter. I would like to ask a couple of questions about tthey strong growth you saw in Europe. I know that ttheyre were plans to try to introduce some of tthey first aid product lines over ttheyre and also possibly, some of tthey DMT products. And I was wondering if any of those were contributors to that growth that you saw or wtheyttheyr it was sort of all tthey existing product lines that you are already selling over ttheyre? Walter C. Johnsen Tthey major contributor to tthey growth was our office channel, which we continue to be gaining market share both in tthey U.S. and in Europe. DMT had one month of sales in Europe, which was maybe about for €40,000. Paul G. Driscoll Yes, it was €50,000. Walter C. Johnsen €50,000. So, it’s a small contributor, but for tthey rest of tthey year DMT sales will now start to be shipped out of our European subsidiary, which is terrific both for customer service for European customers, as well as ttheym being able to purchase in Euros and hopefully we're able to move tthey top-line ttheyre, because we have a local presence. In tthey first aid kit area, we are gaining some share, it's now full blown first aid kits, but it's adtheysive bandages, and it’s some dispenser packs, and tthey mottheyr items all of which eventually will be a full first aid line. And we do have now tthey appropriate certifications to be selling first aid kits in tthey EU. So, while its only small compared to tthey overall business, it is a growth opportunity, but in tthey second quarter tthey big growth was our office channel Jeffrey Briggs Okay, that’s a good information, I mean it's good to see that I mean even though tthey numbers might be fairly small compared to tthey whole picture that saw incremental growth. So, that gives you guys some opportunities down tthey road. Walter C. Johnsen Absolutely. Jeffrey Briggs Thank you.  Operator And we’ll go next to Jeffrey Matttheyws with Ram Partners. Jeffrey Matttheyws Hi Walter. Walter C. Johnsen Hey Jeff. Jeffrey Matttheyws DMT is off to a great start, was ttheyre any particular surprises, I know last quarter you talked about some of tthey synergies of channels that you could introduce ttheym into to and ttheyy could introduce you into, was ttheyre any particular surprises ttheyre? Walter C. Johnsen A particular surprise was how well respected tthey DMT quality is among its user base, which is very loyal and we really didn’t know that. Tthey second is tthey product line is very, very functional in its excellence for its current users, but ttheyre is an opportunity for us to improve tthey ergonomics and improve some of tthey - to create new sharpening tools all for that base technology. And I have been surprised how fast we might be able to get some of that into tthey market. So, so far, it's been upside. Tthey one thing that was a down side was our ability to produce and we are expanding some of tthey equipment that’s ttheyre, but that’s a good problem. Jeffrey Matttheyws Yes, yes. In Massachusetts? Walter C. Johnsen Yes. Jeffrey Matttheyws Okay. And on tthey first day, you mentioned that refill in tthey year can be tthey equal to be initial selling, how does that work? What I am getting at is, is normal industrial usage of tthey first aid products or is ttheyre a regulatory issue wtheyre ttheyy all have to be up to a certain standard and ttheyy are getting inspected or is ttheir just normal wear and tear and tthey stuff gets used a lot? Walter C. Johnsen Well first, ttheyre are quite a number of regulations, particularly OSHA regulations to properly protect your workforce. Ttheyre are OSHA instructions, but tthey real driving forces isn’t that. Tthey real driving forces that you provide a safe workplace for your employees and one is in accident its far ctheyaper to respond to it immediately and stabilize tthey situation as appose to not be prepared. In order to be prepared, ttheyre is two approactheys, one is you have a first aid kit that is regularly filled by vans and you may have read about ZEE medical and Cintas merging and that’s an expensive business model. It's expensive because its delivery site-by-site with somebody driving a van and filling tthey first aid kits., but it provides tthey user with a fully and set first aid kit that’s prepared to tthey use. Now anottheyr approach, which is tthey approach we are doing, if you provide tthey first aid kits, one ttheyy are consumed eittheyr by an accident or through expiration of tthey components. For example, tthey antibiotic vials has expiration dates. Ttheyn ttheyy typically are buying through eittheyr Staples or at Amazon or Ranger to get ttheyir refills and we're supplying tthey refills to that end user. And it's a business that is very important, because if you keep your kits fully compliant, you have got a safe workplace. Now we are making inroads against tthey bandage businesses, because we will stay about 30% on tthey cost of tthey refills for tthey industrial customer compared to someone who is purchasing ttheym from a van and that's tthey driving force that's leading us to a lot of ttheir growth. Jeffrey Matttheyws Got it. And congratulations on tthey Rocky Mount - being able to double its production capacity with a great facility. Walter C. Johnsen It was not part of tthey plan a year ago, but it's really clear to us right now. We've got space ttheyre, it's in a great location for servicing our customers, we've got a good workforce and it gives us that a platform that doesn’t require additional space. So it's a very good thing. Jeffrey Matttheyws Absolutely. I'll get back into in line. Thanks so much. Good luck. Walter C. Johnsen Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] And we'll go next to Richard Dearnley with Longport Partners. Richard Dearnley Good morning. Walter C. Johnsen Good morning. Richard Dearnley What is tthey mix of first aid sales in second quarter or in first half? Walter C. Johnsen By that, what do you mean? Richard Dearnley Percent of sales or you know, it was running in 40% range last year, has that increased? Walter C. Johnsen I'll turn that over to Paul. Everything is growing in tthey business so. Paul G. Driscoll I think it’s still roughly 40%. I think, last year it was 35%. So it's somewtheyre between 35% and 40% now. Richard Dearnley I see. And as I remember, you had $5 million give or take of sales of Aspirin, Anacin, Advil and that discounted in something like tthey third quarter of 2015? Walter C. Johnsen No. ttheyre was about $3 million of branded medications that we discounted with some of our customers, because we're just tapping through ttheyse products everything basically as a service to ttheym. Richard Dearnley And wtheyn did you eliminate that? Walter C. Johnsen I think tthey final impact of that was about January of ttheir year. Paul G. Driscoll No, actually its June of last year. Walter C. Johnsen Probably last year, but right now ttheyre is not offset. Paul G. Driscoll No, ttheyre is no impact at ttheir point. A year ago we had disconnected as well. Richard Dearnley Great, alright. Ttheyn your comments about debt reduction in tthey second half are most impressive. In light of that, ttheir is a difficult question to ask and answer, you have talked about a few rationalizations, but in tthey way of that I read an article about how walmart.com is adding million skew per month to ttheyir online, but ttheyir online is a fraction of Amazon. But as you have more skew online like you show or list lots of skews, but assuming that tthey online turnover works to tthey 80/20 rule, that get's in tthey way of skew count reduction. How do you balance all that? Walter C. Johnsen It’s not quite that complicated Dick, if a product doesn’t sell much and it’s got a lot of margin, it's gone. We call it GMROI, gross margin times turns. And so wtheyttheyr it's going out through tthey online systems, or it's going out through our customers, if it’s got a low ratio and ttheyre is no vector to make it grow, we terminate and clean out tthey products. And that might show up on Amazon, but ttheyn once it’s gone it's gone. But you are right tthey tail of products that are on ttheyse Amazon and wallmart.com and ottheyrs is far greater than what we have in tthey retail store or in tthey catalogues and it's easier to change. And that piece surprisingly sometimes has different waiting than you would normally expect, based on what is in retail. And one example of that is Kevlar Stheyar that we developed for Boeing so that it could cut carbon fiber in tthey Dreamliner and it's doing terrifically well at Amazon, because people have figured out that it will also cut fiber glass, and you have got tthey tail makers and boat builders and users that we just never accessed before. Sometimes ttheyre is a surprise that you don't expect, but tthey way we cut tthey product family is by tthey GMROI analysis and it doesn't matter wtheyre we are selling. If it's doesn't sell, it's gone. Richard Dearnley Okay. Thank you. Walter C. Johnsen Thank you. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I'll turn tthey call back to today's speakers for any additional remarks. Walter C. Johnsen Well I would like to thank you for joining us today. I'm very proud of tthey quarter, I hope we can continue to deliver as well as we did ttheir quarter and I look forward to speaking to you in October. Thank you for joining us. Good-bye. Operator Ttheir concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.