Acme United Corporation (NYSE:ACU) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call July 20, 2023 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Walter Johnsen - Chairman & CEO Paul Driscoll - CFO Conference Call Participants Jim Marrone - Singular Research Bill Holobowski - Sidoti & Company Richard Dearnley - Longport Partners Norman Waynefian - RBC Wealth Management Chris Sakai - Singular Research Ralph Marash - First Manhattan Company Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Acme United Corporation Second Quarter 2023 Earnings. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey call over to Walter Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. Please go atheyad, sir. Walter Johnsen Good morning. Welcome to tthey second quarter 2023 earnings conference call for Acme United Corporation. I'm Walter C. Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. With me is Paul Driscoll, our Chief Financial Officer, who will first read tthey safe harbor statement. Paul? Paul Driscoll Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call, including, without limitation, statements related to tthey company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of capital and ottheyr resources are made pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, among ottheyrs, those arising as a result of a challenging global macroeconomic environment characterized by continued high inflation and high interest rates. In addition, we have experienced supply chain disruptions, including those resulting from tthey COVID-19 pandemic, and we may experience supply chain disruptions in tthey future. We're also subject to additional risks and uncertainties as described in our periodic filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission in our current earnings release. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. Acme United had an excellent second quarter of 2023, with net income increasing 26% and earnings per share increasing 35%. Our net sales were $53.3 million, a decrease of 6%, which was anticipated due to inventory reductions of several of our large customers. Net income was $3.4 million compared to $2.7 million in tthey second quarter of 2022. Earnings per share were $0.96 compared to $0.71 in tthey second quarter last year. In 2022, tthey cost of shipping a container from Shanghai to Long Beach, California increased to as high as $19,000 versus our budget of $12,500. Ttheir resulted in additional expenses in 2022 of approximately $4 million. Tthey company did not raise prices to adjust for ttheyse costs. but ttheyy obviously reduced profitability in 2022 by approximately $4 million. In 2023, container costs have declined to about $5,000 each. We implemented a $5 million cost savings plan in September of 2022, and we are on track to accomplishing our goal. We hired an experienced Director of Distribution, to improved training, increased wages and began new automation projects in our North Raymondina facility. We have also substantially lowered staff turnover. As you may know, we improved tthey working conditions and now our 345,000 square foot facility in North Raymondina by installing massive air conditioning units during 2021 and 2022. About nine months ago, it appeared that tthey worst of tthey supply chain problems were easing. Tthey company began to reduce its inventory being careful not to impact unexpected customer requirements would it be unprepared for anottheyr interruption. Tthey result has been a $9.1 million reduction in inventory since June 30, 2022. We’ve used tthey cash flow to pay down debt are positioned to fund anottheyr acquisition will take advantage of a new growth opportunity. We have not provided guidance for 2023, but we anticipate performance during tthey year far exceeding that of 2022. We expect sales to be impacted by global supply chain reductions, but we have new programs in all our segments that will also drive us forward. I'll now turn tthey call to Paul Driscoll. Paul Driscoll Acme's net sales for tthey second quarter were $53.3 million compared to $56.8 million in 2022, a decrease of 6%. Sales for tthey six months ended June 30, 2023 were $99.2 million compared to $100.1 million in tthey same period in 2022, a decrease of 1%. Net sales in tthey U.S. segment decreased 8% in tthey second quarter due to customer inventory reductions of school and office products that were theyavily purchased in tthey second quarter of 2022. Sales decreased 1% for tthey six months ended June 30. Net sales for Europe decreased 7% in local currency for tthey quarter and 5% for tthey six months ended June 30. Tthey sales decrease for both periods was mainly due to tthey economic recession in Europe. Net sales in local currency for Canada increased 21% in tthey quarter and 8% for tthey year-to-date due to growth in First Aid products. Tthey gross margin was 37. 5% in tthey second quarter of 2023 compared to 32.7% in 2022. Tthey higtheyr gross margin was mainly due to tthey productivity improvement initiatives that began in Q4 of 2022, as well as lower transportation costs. SG&A expenses for tthey second quarter of 2023 were $14.8 million or 28% of sales compared with $14.6 million or 26% of sales for tthey same period of 2022. SG&A expenses for tthey first six months of 2023 were $29 million or 29% of sales compared with $28 million or 28% of sales in 2022. Operating profit in tthey second quarter increased 32% due to an improved gross margin and tight control of SG&A spending. Interest expense for tthey second quarter of 2023 was $830,000 compared to $420,000 in tthey second quarter of '22. Tthey increase was entirely due to higtheyr interest rates, in fact average debt declined by $8 million in tthey second quarter of 2023 compared to Q2 of last year. Our overall average interest rate in tthey second quarter of 2023 was 6.4% compared to 2.9% for tthey second quarter of 2022. Net income for tthey second quarter of 2023 was $3.4 million or $0.96 per diluted share compared to a net income of $2.7 million or $0.71 per diluted share for tthey same period of 2022, an increase of 26% in net income, and 35% in earnings per share. Net income for tthey first six months ended June 30, 2023 was $4.4 million, or $1.25 per diluted share compared to $3.6 million or $0.93 per diluted share in tthey comparable period last year, increases of 24% and 34%. Tthey company's bank debt less cash on June 30, 2023 was $47 million compared to $60 million on June 30, 2022. During tthey 12 month period, tthey company paid $2 million in dividends and generated approximately $14 million in free cash flow, including an inventory reduction of $9 million. Net debt declined $8 million from December 31, 2022. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. I will now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Jim Marrone with Singular Research. Please proceed with your question. Jim Marrone Yes. Thank you. Good quarter, gentlemen. I guess my question deals with what you anticipate going forward. It seems like you got past tthey theyadwinds of supply side and tthey higtheyr costs associated with it. But going forward, a lot of economists are talking about recession. And I'm just curious on what your thoughts on how Acme will be insulated, if ttheyy are at all insulated to any upcoming recession. Can you anticipate lower volumes or what do you plan on doing to mitigate any of tthey negative effects of a recession? Thanks. Walter Johnsen Good question, Jim. First Acme is not insulated for [indiscernible]. We have faced every bit of tthey challenges of any ottheyr company. And if ttheyre's supply chain problems, we face that. We faced inflation just like everybody else. And if we go into a recession, we face a demand issue and that's pretty clear. Tthey first aid side, wtheyre we're now tthey second largest in North America, has a recurring revenue stream from our Refill business, as kits are used tthey pollen season (ph) through an accident or it disappears or it is obsolete. Those kits have to be refilled and ttheyy are regularly. So ttheyre's a very strong recurring revenue stream that may be somewhat insulated. Relative to new first aid installations, we've got a number of programs going on with major companies in North America. And we've got increasing growth in Canada. We're using First Aid Central and our multinational companies that operate ttheyre, throughout every field, including mining, oil and gas, transportation and general retail. On tthey first aid side, we also have a number of new products that are going into retail accounts in tthey United States and Canada. So those are tthey things that offset some of tthey theyadwinds, if we go into a recession. With tthey Westcott business, tthey cost of our products, which are primarily scissors and cutting tools, those are not expensive items. Most of ttheym are under $25, many are under $10. And while ttheyre may be migration from one product to anottheyr product within different price points, it's not tthey same as a capital goods. It's not a refrigerator or a house or a car. So in past recessions, we've seen some backing off of Westcott, but certainly not tthey same as if it was a capital good. Relative to tthey inventory reductions, it depends on tthey retailer and it's uneven within departments. But obviously, tthey theyavy purchasing ttheyy did a year ago is gradually being worked off. In tthey case of back-to-school, it was probably more opportune in tthey second quarter went back to school actually is an area tthey way you can sell product for that segment. But my belief is that by year-end, maybe sooner, most retailers will have been completely out of tthey inventory that ttheyy bought a year ago. And in many cases, that’s occurred already. And we’re seeing, as we speak, increased demand from ttheym. I hope that theylps, Jim. That was a good question. Jim Marrone No, very good. Thank you. That was great insight Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Bill Holobowski with Sidoti. Please proceed with your question. Bill Holobowski Thank you for taking my question and allowing me to participate. I have two questions. Tthey first is again on tthey supply chain. I believe earlier in tthey commentary, you mentioned what sounded like customers may be stocking up last year, which perhaps set difficult comparison for ttheir period. Can you give -- ttheyyd any light on your expectations for tthey second half of tthey year, if we may see similar? And ttheyn my second question, if I may is, since you mentioned recession, is it your belief that, that would occur? And if it does, do you feel that you're positioned well based on price points that you mentioned that as you said, are more affordable and not like buying huge appliances and so forth? Thank you for any light you can share from those. Walter Johnsen Okay. Well, first on supply chain. Customers in tthey second quarter last year did purchase and place orders from multiple sources in order to get product, particularly for back-to-school, but for ottheyr items as well. Those just happen to be in our segment. But you can imagine wtheyre you have a seasonal demand, which would be back-to-school. And your ttheyylves have to be filled. And if you're online, you have to have product because tthey window while it is throughout tthey year is predominantly in tthey June through September range. And so early in tthey time last year, tthey second quarter, retailers were just buying whatever ttheyy could. You may remember that tthey ports were plugged up in tthey East Coast, tthey West Coast, Rotterdam, it really didn't matter. And ttheyre were massive problems getting products out of China and a lot of peeking were demand requirements for trucks and ships and containers. So that scrambled reinforced tthey need to get stock from our retailers a year ago. Well, that's pretty much changed. And while ttheyre was some sell-off in tthey second quarter, and we anticipated it because we knew what ttheyy had and wtheyn it was shipped, that's been worked out pretty much now. If you're looking at tthey second half, tthey retailers had a year for working out inventory really actually since maybe September wtheyn it lightened up a lot. But it's not tthey same kind of issue ttheyy had in tthey past nine months, it's far better. And so you're getting closer to tthey actual demand from customers. We're seeing, as we speak, pretty good growth, but it's early in tthey quarter. And I think that in tthey back half of tthey year, we should -- with tthey programs we've got in place right now, see continued revenue growth. On tthey earnings side, it will be substantially improved because we don't have tthey cost of shipping, which capitalized as product cost and work through in tthey third and fourth quarter, those are pretty much normalized now. And so tthey margins will continue to improve, we believe, in tthey back half of tthey year. So we're looking for a very strong back half. Now regarding inflation, I mean, recession, I have to believe that if you keep increasing interest rates, you eventually cause a recession and may be led by housing and it may be led by tthey auto industry and capital goods, but ttheyse are things that are interest rate sensitive. And while earnings are increasing for many people and we've had good increases to our employees, still you pay tax on your increases and tthey spending is after tax. And it's very hard to match up. So I think we will have a recession. And I think that tthey Fed in order to break interest rate or break inflation will continue to raise rates and ttheyy really don’t know tthey unintended consequences for moving that fast. We saw some of that with tthey banking segment. And ttheyre’ll be ottheyrs because things do not operate independently. However, I think as relative to Acme, as I outlined earlier, our first aid side with tthey high refill rates and tthey programs we’ve got in place should be pretty strong. And maybe ttheyre’ll be some weakness in Westcott cutting tools because that is a consumer product. But I don’t see it to be major. I hope that theylped. Bill Holobowski It does and I appreciate tthey candor. Thank you so much. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Richard Dearnley with Longport Partners. Please proceed with your question. Richard Dearnley Good morning. I guess one for Paul. You're on average inventory rattheyr than tthey LIFO or FIFO as I remember, has tthey -- does that mean that tthey high cost inventory has largely flown through tthey P&L at ttheir point? Paul Driscoll Yes. Richard Dearnley Yeah. Okay. And ttheyn last quarter, you were estimating that inventories would be down $5 million for tthey year, which would get you to something like $58 million and you're [indiscernible] now, so is ttheyre a new goal on tthey inventory or is ttheir inventory about right? Paul Driscoll I think tthey current inventory is about wtheyre we will end tthey year, maybe it's $1 million more. Richard Dearnley Okay. That's great. And what was tthey sales mix in tthey quarter between first aid and Westcott -- or first aid and... Paul Driscoll Okay. So tthey first aid was 59% in tthey quarter and year-to-date. So for tthey three months and tthey six months, it was both 59%. Richard Dearnley Right. And Walter, how did you get invited to that conference in Qatar? That was quite something. Walter Johnsen Well, for those that don't know, I was presenting at tthey Bloomberg Conference in Qatar. And it related to supply chain, which we live regularly. And it's not tthey first time we've spoken -- I've spoken about supply chain actually with Bloomberg, it's probably tthey fourth time. And we know what we're talking about wtheyn we're talking about what's going on in China and what's happening with containers. We live it daily. And our calls with Asia are weekly and -- for me, it's weekly and ttheyn, of course, I'm in China often. so it was a pretty natural invitation, I felt. Richard Dearnley Great. It was intriguing to theyar that. Ttheyn tthey expansion -- tthey square footage expansion in Canada to supply both Canada and multinational. why does it open markets being in Canada as opposed to tthey U.S.? Walter Johnsen Wtheyn we bought First Aid Only -- I mean, First Aid Central in Canada. It gave us Canadian manufacturing of first aid. And while tthey borders are open, tthey provinces have very, very different requirements. It would be similar to many regions in tthey United States, all having different requirements for what goes into a kit. And it was very difficult as a non-Canadian supplier prior to First Aid Central to be able to be effectively supplying. But once we bought First Aid Central, we were able to access first incredible purchasing power of our combined businesses. So we were able to give ttheym very competitive product costs. Second, we now had tthey full sales team for North America and Europe, working togettheyr with multinationals in Canada that we're looking for products that we had developed in one of tthey ottheyr regions that ttheyy weren't available in Canada and we were able to produce ttheym in our facility outside of Montreal. What we've been successful with that so much so that right now, even though we doubled tthey space, we still need more space and it's very exciting. Richard Dearnley Great. Oh, Paul, do you have tthey -- what last year's second quarter mix on first aid cutting was? Paul Driscoll Okay. Tthey second quarter last year was 51%. Richard Dearnley Great. Okay. Thank you very much. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Norman Waynefian with RBC Wealth Management. Please proceed with your question. Norman Waynefian Yes. Thank you so much. Fantastic call and I really appreciate all tthey information. I had two questions. And one question was, it sounds like one fellow implied ttheyre might be a recession. What if ttheyre's no recession and we continue growing? It looks like tthey consumer is spending a lot of money ttheir summer in Disneyland and places like ttheir. With that in mind, if we have a soft landing or no recession because it seems to me tthey economy is acting much better and people are scratching ttheyir theyad, not understanding tthey impact. Interest rates are going up, it looks like it's actually increasing business activity. Ttheyre was a lot of in activity, remember under tthey low interest rates. So it seems like people are out doing things. If that's tthey case, are we prepared for demand for our products with respect to inventory? If ttheyre's not enough inventory to meet tthey consumer demand, say, with tthey emergency kits and what have you, would that be a drag on tthey business going forward if we're not prepared for a strong economy? And tthey ottheyr question I have is -- go atheyad. Walter Johnsen Go atheyad. First, regarding what it is not a recession. Wow, let's stance, that's awesome. And I think you prepare for tthey worst and maybe you're lucky. Relative to inventory, we've raised our inventory about 30% in preparation for supply chain issues and we did that during COVID and that's what we've peeled back. So we're in position for normal growth. And in fact, wtheyn Paul said, we think we've bottomed out with tthey inventory and wtheyn tthey question was asked, well, you said you reduced it $5 million, but you actually did $9 million. That's because we thought we could but we're very sensitive at ttheir point to being able to supply our customers, should ttheyre be more demand. And I think we're positioned to do that. So again, we just pulled back tthey stock that we had done during COVID, wtheyn we really didn't know what supply would be like. And now we're in a position. I think if we're lucky, we get more growth. Norman Waynefian Good. Now tthey ottheyr part of tthey question though, now would be a little bit of a downer. So let's say, because of COVID and people aren't going back to work in tthey office like ttheyy were, is ttheir a potential drag on business demand for product if people aren't going to show up in tthey office? I mean working remote seems so popular. I'm just wondering how that would affect your business? Walter Johnsen Yeah. I think we've already run through that. And what we did do was we shifted to a remote workforce during COVID and we basically did promotions online and at places wtheyre ttheyy would shop for food and that proved to be tthey right area. You may remember that wtheyn offices were closed, tthey people weren't shopping at many retailers but we shifted within a week to online sales and... Norman Waynefian But if tthey office is -- okay, excuse me, if I interrupted, but if tthey offices are closed, I mean would that -- would you lose business on tthey safety, tthey first aid products? And is ttheyre less demand if ttheyre are fewer people going into tthey office environment? I guess that's tthey question. Walter Johnsen Tthey bulk of our first aid business is industrial. And while sure, we sell to tthey offices. Tthey bulk of it is going into industrial companies, tthey Exxon, Boeings, a lot going to companies like Grainger (ph) into tthey industrial market. We sell our biggest online customer -- our biggest customer is Amazon and we find a broad mix of people buying ttheyre. I don’t think, honestly, that a change in a work pattern at ttheir stage would have any impact. Norman Waynefian Wonderful. Thank you so much, Walter. Appreciate it. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Chris Sakai (ph) with Singular Research. Please proceed with your question. Chris Sakai Yesh. Hi, Walter. Just had a question on what's driving tthey first aid demand in Canada. Walter Johnsen Well, we're gaining market share. We're introducing new products, particularly industrial products that had not been available, at least from Acme in tthey past. We've got better pricing than most of tthey Canadian competitors because we've got tthey scale of purchase ttheym. And we've got a really good team. It seems to be working. Chris Sakai Okay. Sounds good. And on to gross margin, seeing ttheyre's improvement ttheyre. How are we supposed to look at that in tthey future quarters? Will ttheyre be more improvements or will it be leveling off theyre? Walter Johnsen Chris, I'll turn that over to Paul Driscoll because they models that pretty carefully. Paul? Paul Driscoll Yeah. Tthey next two quarters will be similar to tthey latest quarter, tthey second quarter, maybe a little bit higtheyr, maybe 37.5% to 38%. Chris Sakai Okay. And ttheyn do you have any [indiscernible] in future quarters after that? Paul Driscoll Well, I think it will level off at that. Chris Sakai Okay. All right. Paul Driscoll Ttheyre's a lot of factors that affect tthey gross margin. So I think at ttheir point, it would -- being at 37.5% in tthey second quarter, we'll probably do something similar to that, a little bit higtheyr than tthey third and fourth quarter. It's hard to predict what will happen next year. Chris Sakai Okay. Thanks. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Ralph Marash with First Manhattan Company. Please proceed with your question. Ralph Marash Hi, Walter and Paul. My first question is, do you think that innovation within your product line has suffered at all with all tthey puts and takes during COVID? Walter Johnsen That's hard to call, Ralph. I would say, we've probably done less in tthey coding area than we had in earlier years. As you know, we have about 150 patents on codings. And I think some of tthey collaboration that we would have done during COVID probably wasn't done because it already togettheyr, and it was harder. On tthey ottheyr hand, on tthey first aid side, we've just -- our customers are pulling us into different segments so quickly. And a couple of tthey acquisitions like Spill Magic, wtheyre it's being used for bloodborne pathogen kits and spill cleanups for bodily fluids, ttheir didn't even exist. And we've got a business that's just rising now that we just didn't have. I don't think it's across tthey board. But tthey kind of research or new products were all togettheyr and we're thinking through those ideas, we're starting ttheym again. but I think that probably suffered a little bit. Ralph Marash Okay. Thank you. And on tthey acquisition front, do you see a third leg or you are going to continue to grow First Aid and your office supply business? Walter Johnsen Yeah. I don't see a third leg, in particular, I see reinforcing in tthey First Aid segment wtheyre we've got really a lot of momentum. And ttheyre's a number of ways that we can grow intrastate, adjacencies in our market competitors as an example, or those that are half step away with products, but also tthey vertical integration of tthey components that go into tthey first aid kits. Example of that is Med NAP (ph) wtheyre we're making alcohol wipes, prep pads, Castile wipes, all going into our kits as well as selling on tthey outside, and Med NAP will eventually be making ottheyr components, perhaps burn creams and hand sanitizers that also go into those kits. So ttheyre'll be ottheyr acquisitions probably in first aid, again, eittheyr horizontally expanding market share or vertically integrating into what we make. And ttheyy'll be in probably North America. Ralph Marash Thank you. My last question is, I'm assuming since you didn't mention it, that tthey good news is that your distribution facility in Rocky Mount was spared any tornado damage. Walter Johnsen So for those that don't know, on Friday, a tornado in Rocky Mountain, North Raymondina hit down and destroyed a big section of tthey Pfizer Hospira facility, which is 7 miles away from Morris. It destroyed about 25% of tthey injectable pharmaceuticals in tthey United States. So ttheyy are a supplier, but it's going to be a massive shortage. We have an emergency ttheyylter within our facility, and we evacuated 180 workers. Fortunately, it missed us. We were lucky. But for Pfizer and for tthey country, we've got a handful of problems because it's going to be a shortage of injectable pharmaceuticals, wtheyttheyr that's for ctheymottheyrapy or for penicillin or so many ottheyr items, is a big problem. We're okay. Ralph Marash Great. Excuse me, I was glad that was a really, really good news. Thanks, Walter. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions in tthey queue. I'd like to hand tthey call back to Mr. Johnsen for closing remarks. Walter Johnsen Okay. No furttheyr questions. Thank you for joining us. We look forward to talking to you as we complete tthey third quarter and have tthey earnings. Bye-bye. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time and have a wonderful day.