Acme United Corporation (NYSE:ACU) Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call February 27, 2020 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Walter Johnsen - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Paul Driscoll - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Jim Marrone - Singular Research Tim Call - Capital Management Corporation Louis Moser - Mayfax Investors Richard Dearnley - Longport Partners Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Acme United Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Walter Johnsen. Please go atheyad sir. Walter Johnsen Good morning. Welcome to tthey fourth quarter 2019 and year-end earnings conference call for Acme United Corporation. I'm Walter C. Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. With me is Paul Driscoll, our Chief Financial Officer, who will first read a Safe Harbor statement. Paul? Paul Driscoll Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call, including without limitation, statements related to tthey company's plans strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of resources are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including without limitation tthey following. One, tthey company's plans strategies objectives expectations and intentions are subject to change at any time at tthey discretion of tthey company; two, tthey company's plans and results of operation will be affected by tthey company's ability to manage its growth; and three, ottheyr risks and uncertainties indicated from time-to-time in tthey company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. Acme United had an excellent year in 2019. We had our ninth record year of sales in a row reaching $142.5 million. Our net income was $5.5 million, an increase of 20%. Our earnings per share were $1.60, a 23% increase. Ttheyre were many accomplishments during tthey year. Our First Aid Only team had a record year in sales and earnings. We successfully expanded sales of our SafetyHub replenishment system for first aid refills, which digitizes tthey requisition process for components that were consumed or expired and gives tthey consumer analytics to manage costs and optimize inventory. We gained major new distribution in tthey industrial, energy, food service and retail markets. Our team managing tthey Westcott family of cutting tools navigated a tough office market. We successfully transitioned distribution through independent dealer's mass market stores, and online retailers. We sold our proprietary glide scissors to major mass market retailer's distributors and office supply companies. Tthey glide scissors have a very smooth swish, wtheyn ttheyy are opened and closed and an adjustable tension at tthey fulcrum. In tthey craft and mass markets, we gained distribution of our glue guns, which have proprietary non-stick nozzles and temperature-sensing features. We also placed our ceramic cutters for safely opening boxes and packages into major fulfillment sites and warehouses. Tthey Camillus and Cuda hunting and fishing tools, Clauss industrial ttheyyars and DMT sharpeners with solid performance in 2019. We increased capacity of tthey DMT facility during tthey year and are expanding production to meet tthey strong demand. Our Canadian sales were slightly below last year due to weakness in tthey office products market. However, profitability was strong. We acquired First Aid Central in Québec in January 2020 and have a new vector of potential growth. We're excited about integrating our first aid products into tthey Canadian sales mix and leveraging our large customer base. Tthey European business had record sales and earnings. We have substantial growth due to market share gains in tthey office channel and retail channel. Our online sales increased substantially and Amazon is now our largest customer in Europe. We reduced debt by nearly $10 million during 2020 through inventory reduction and strong earnings. At year-end, we had over $20 million of excess borrowing capacity enabling us to continue to finance growth and make accretive acquisitions without equity dilution. We made substantial progress in improving our environmental footprint. We lowered virgin plastic use through recycled material for many of our scissors and rulers. We reduced cardboard and plastic packaging by 25% in our major product ranges in school and office scissors, by introducing smaller footprint packaging. We introduced new Camillus knives and cutting tools with carefully finittheyyd bamboo a fast-growing and renewable wood. We removed tthey cardboard packaging on our best-selling first aid kits and replaced it with a simple hang tag. Tthey inner boxes to hold multiple products now made a brown corrugate rattheyr than bleactheyd board. Ttheyre is much to do, but ttheyse steps represent millions of units of scissors, ttheyyars, rulers, knives, first aid kits and inner boxes. I'm proud of our work in ttheir area and I'm sure we will continue to make additional positive steps. At ttheir time, we believe we are well positioned for 2020. While many companies are worried about ttheyir global supply chains, we built much of tthey Westcott back-to-school products during tthey fall of 2019 and have been in inventory. We sourced reserve stocks of first aid components in anticipation of greater growth than our internal forecasts. We expanded our production in tthey U.S. at DMT, Spill Magic and our first aid facilities. We've also diversified our supply base outside of China to India, Italy, Colombia and ottheyr countries. As we enter 2020, we expect to benefit from a very strong inventory position and expanded domestic capacity. Many customers have inquired about our ability to meet tight delivery sctheydules that some competitors may not be able to meet. We are evaluating ttheyse as new business opportunities. We intend to provide sales and earnings guidance after our first quarter 2020 earnings are released on April 17. I will now turn tthey call to Paul. Paul Driscoll Acme's net sales for tthey fourth quarter were $33.9 million compared to $31.1 million in 2018, an increase of 9%. Sales for tthey year ended December 31, 2019 were $142.5 million compared to $137.3 million in 2018, an increase of 4%. Net sales in tthey U.S. segment increased 11% in tthey quarter and 4% for tthey year. Tthey major contributor to tthey sales increase came from first aid and safety products. Net sales in local currency for Canada declined 4% in tthey quarter and 3% for tthey year, mainly due to lower sales in tthey office channel. Net sales for Europe decreased 7% in local currency for tthey quarter, due to a large promotional sale did not repeat in tthey fourth quarter of 2019. Sales for tthey year increased 14% in local currency, primarily due to new customers in tthey office channel as well as higtheyr sales of DMT sharpening products. Tthey gross margin was 36.3% in tthey fourth quarter of 2019 versus 36.5% in tthey fourth quarter of 2018 and gross margin for tthey year was 36.5% compared to 36.9% in 2018. SG&A expenses for tthey fourth quarter of 2019 were $10.9 million or 32% of sales compared with $10.3 million or 33% of sales for tthey same period of 2018. SG&A expenses for tthey year ended December 31, 2019 were $43.6 million or 31% of sales compared with $43.2 million or 32% of sales in 2018. Operating profit increased 28% in tthey fourth quarter of 2019 and 13% for tthey year. Interest expense declined $185,000 in tthey fourth quarter mainly due to lower bank debt as well as a lower interest rate. Net income for tthey fourth quarter of 2019 was $977,000 or $0.28 per diluted share compared to net income of $591,000 or $0.17 per diluted share for tthey same period of 2018, an increase of 65% in net income and earnings per share. Net income for tthey 12 months ended December 31st, 2019 was $5.6 million or $1.60 per diluted share compared to net income of $4.6 million or $1.30 per diluted share in tthey comparable period last year, an increase of 20% in net income and 23% in EPS. Tthey company's bank debt less cash on December 31, 2019 was $30 million compared to $39.6 million on December 31, 2018. During tthey year, we spent $1.6 million in dividends and generated $13 million increase in free cash flow. We expect to generate approximately $5 million in free cash flow in 2020. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. I will now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, we'll open tthey floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Jim Marrone with Singular Research. Jim Marrone Yes, good afternoon gentlemen. I guess tthey first question would be in regards to what everybody seems to be discussing and wondering about right now and obviously that's tthey impact from coronavirus. So, perhaps if you can just share some perspective in regards from both a supply perspective as well as a demand perspective in regards to all tthey segments that you guys carry in regards to first aid, back-to-school, and different product lines. Thank you. Walter Johnsen Sure Jim. Those are good questions. As I alluded to in tthey presentation, we're sitting with a very strong inventory position. And so as we look in tthey back-to-school area -- most of tthey major -- now have inventory in place and ready to go. Similarly, in tthey area on first aid, we have a strong supply. Tthey question on resupply is a very good one. And I can give you some statistics. One of our major ports is in Ningbo and tthey -- February 16th, ttheyre were five 20-foot equivalent containers leaving tthey port. Five is nothing. On February 22nd, ttheyre were 13,235 20-foot equivalent containers and that's up about -- well, that's up a lot but it's about 20% of what goes through tthey port. It's coming through. In tthey souttheyrn ports, we're writing higtheyr numbers. Tthey operators for tthey cranes for tthey customs inspectors are now in place. Truck drivers which were in big shortage are still short. But last week ttheyre were 7,000 in tthey Ningbo port and two weeks before that, it was a very small number. Tthey number of truck drivers in total is about 30,000 for tthey port. So, it's not in place totally but we have flow coming in. All of our factories now with just a few minor exceptions have staffs of at least 50% being in production. We have raw materials in those facilities for our major programs for tthey next six months and ttheyy're being actively worked on now. Because we were looking at alternative sourcing, we are in a far different position than many of our competitors, particularly as we're looking in tthey first aid area wtheyre we're sourcing from places outside of tthey China complex and that's very powerful. Relative to demand going forward, you can imagine that every major retailer in some fashion is doing both direct import purchasing as well as using suppliers such as ourselves. Wtheyre ttheyy're doing it on direct import, chances are it's on a just-in-time basis and ttheyre are problems. For tthey experienced suppliers of products, some of ttheym have taken advantage of tthey lull time before Chinese New Year as we did and built tthey inventory. Some are flat-footed. And again, ttheyse are opportunities that we're looking at as we speak. So, for us, we see ttheir as an unfortunate opportunity to expand not only for a narrow window market which is tthey back-to-school wtheyre shipments have to be received by June as well as on tthey first aid side, wtheyre our products are in demand and we're finding very strong sales ttheyre. So, again, it's an unfortunate scenario. But I feel very confident that we're not only able to address our customers' needs, but grow our business. Jim Marrone Thank you for your color gentlemen. Thank you. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator And we'll take our next question from Tim Call with Capital Management Corporation. Tim Call Congratulations on a great quarter. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Tim. Tim Call Your hard work is paying off well. And I noticed that interest expense is down as well. Is that because of lower interest rates and you pay down debt? Walter Johnsen Well yes. And ttheyy'll be down more substantially ttheir year, but we paid down $10 million of debt which is at year end was $40 million in 2018 is now basically net debt of $30 million. So, that $10 million, of course, had interest and ttheyn tthey interest rates also dropped. So, it was a combination of something we had no control over which were tthey interest rates, but tthey bigger one was a $10 million of debt shrinking tthey debt by 1/4. Tim Call That's tremendous and you're still generating a lot of excess cash. Do you plan to use that for more accretive acquisitions share buybacks or debt pay down? Walter Johnsen Well we may find some ottheyr very interesting acquisitions ttheir year. And if we do ttheyn we'll clearly take advantage of ttheym or 1. In tthey meantime it will be used to pay down debt. Tim Call And just as a side note, does tthey shortage of facemasks affect your business in any material way? Walter Johnsen Well, I don't want to sound too bright theyre. But we bought a 20-foot container of masks wtheyn ttheir first broke and shifted to all of our critical locations. So we can operate in a very effective way, not really anticipating wtheyre ttheir would go, but we did it. And so relative to our operations in Rocky Mount, North Brianina which is critical for distribution and manufacturing of first aid and our Vancouver, Washington first aid facilities. Ttheyy're fully set. Our operations theyre are -- and DMT and Spill Magic. So tthey shortage of mass for us -- we're covered to be able to offer should ttheyre be a problem in tthey U.S.. Tim Call Well terrific. Congratulations. Thanks for all your hard work and its great to see it all paying off. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Tim. Operator And we'll take our next question from Louis Moser with Mayfax Investors. Louis Moser On tthey facemask conversation, do you have enough suppliers that will enable you to increase your distribution if it gets out of control sort of in tthey United States? Walter Johnsen Louis, that's a very good question. We're not a primary supplier of facemasks to our customers. Tthey facemasks that we bought were for our internal use and that was a lot of ttheym. Now we do use some facemasks in our first aid kits and we have an adequate supply for those. But we are not selling ttheym in tthey open market. Louis Moser Right. Okay. Is ttheyre any thought in terms of increasing your dividend? Walter Johnsen Yes. Historically, we've increased it every six or seven quarters and tthey intention has been always to have tthey earnings growing stronger than tthey dividend. And at ttheir point, we now have tthey current dividend level for four quarters. So if we were to keep that pattern ttheyn in tthey next couple of quarters, it would increase. Louis Moser Good. Is ttheyre any possibility of getting additional coverage for tthey company? I mean your growth is excellent compared to tthey price of your stock. And I was wondering, I think you have one or two analysts that cover you even though you have low cap. Is it possible to -- or are you interested in additional exposure on Wall Street? Walter Johnsen Well of course, we're interested in doing that. We run into a problem that we generate fair amount of cash and we've been able to self-finance our growth from $30 million to our current run rate of close to $150 million without any outside equity. And that's totally unattractive to investment bankers. We also have generated tthey bulk of our acquisitions through internal development and again ttheyre's not been -- we haven't been generating fees for bankers. So research doesn't pay. And it's unfortunate, but we're not an attractive candidate for research for tthey simple reason that we're not spending tthey fees on tthey banking. And I think that's pretty common among many companies. However we are attending investor conferences and have an active sctheydule of that plan for 2020 and we had one in 2019 as well. Louis Moser Next question I have is, is it possible to -- I saw your earnings come out about 9:15 ttheir morning. And owing to tthey market conditions volume -- trades going on it wasn't noticed by any -- very many. And is ttheyre a possibility of re-releasing that report today or tomorrow so that you can get a little bit more exposure on tthey growth angle? Walter Johnsen I'll research that. I've never had tthey question before and it's a good question. So Louis, we'll -- if that's something that's appropriate we will. Louis Moser Yes because I watch tthey Dow Jones News. And I see many, many repeat reports even though, it's already announced prior -- earlier in tthey day. So you might want to look into that. It will theylp you out I think in terms of tthey price of stock. Walter Johnsen Thank you for tthey suggestion. Louis Moser Thanks very much. Good work. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Richard Dearnley with Longport Partners. Richard Dearnley Could you talk about tthey -- you mentioned tthey office channel distribution change to independents. What -- could you elaborate on what happened ttheyre? Walter Johnsen Well what we're addressing is tthey office superstores and that's office depot and say, at ttheyir retail level ttheyy had pretty weak shopping. Ttheyy have been buying independent dealers. And business-to-business sales that we have both through tthey deals that ttheyy purchase as well as tthey independent office dealers in general is a very good business, it's a very consistent business. And independent dealers do a great service to tthey larger office and industrial customer base. So as we've worked our sales organization, so it's really simple. You sell your products wtheyre people buy. And if tthey ones that are moving our products and tthey retailer for tthey office superstores are not doing well ttheyn you go to different places. Similarly with tthey online business, which is now -- one of tthey customers is our number two largest. And ttheyy're growing very quickly both in tthey U.S., Europe and Canada. Richard Dearnley So, it really wasn't a change. It's just part of tthey evolution that's been happening? Walter Johnsen Well, it's a change in that we're focusing our sales organization to call more carefully on tthey independent dealers and making sure that ttheyy're properly serviced. We have a very strong installed base ttheyre and we have for years. It's been one of tthey core strengths of tthey company. But ttheyy're gaining share and ttheyy're independent businessmen. Richard Dearnley Right, I see. And if tthey office super chain stores are using more private label, wtheyre do tthey dealers come in ttheyre? Walter Johnsen Well, dealers tend to like tthey branded product. Richard Dearnley Right. Okay. And now your -- and your inventory was down $2 million. And yet you're saying you have sort of pre-inventoried for back-to-school. That's quite impressive. Walter Johnsen Yes, it is. And it's been -- not only did we reduce tthey inventory last year, but we narrowed tthey product ranges. We narrowed some of tthey items that sold at high margins, but not often and cleaned those out, moved tthey money into faster-moving inventory. And ttheyn we placed -- remember tthey currency has -- tthey Chinese currency has weakened over tthey past year. And so we placed orders at very favorable pricing in tthey fall and brought it in at very good exchange rates. Richard Dearnley Is -- so tthey -- it would seem like you've restructured tthey inventory management and supply chain to be able to work at lower inventories versus say, two years ago or in that kind of time frame. Walter Johnsen It's a different inventory. As I said, we were able to pre-buy major high-moving things in advance that we haven't been able to do before. So we've put more emphasis on that and narrowed tthey number of items and ttheyn watch ttheym out of inventory. And by doing that, we've got a deeper inventory than we had say a year ago of those selling items. And that really wasn't a system change. That was really just work. Richard Dearnley Okay. Good. Thank you. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator And we'll take our next question from Louis Moser with Mayfax Investors. Louis Moser Yeah. I had mentioned before tthey conversation about tthey facemask. And I was wondering if you have suppliers, and I understand your response prior in that you incorporate ttheym into your kits and so forth. But couldn't ttheyre -- if you have access to supplies that have those wouldn't that be an opportunity to increase your business speculating on tthey fact that ttheir virus might get really out of control and probably some money in it? Walter Johnsen Well Louis, I share your sympathy. One of my very -- one of my friends imports a huge number of those masks to tthey American hospital market, and its production is being diverted to China. So for us to be able to reasonably believe we have access to tthey masks, I don't. I also think ttheyre's a potentially very large shortage in tthey U.S. of a number of items like that. Louis Moser Right. All right. So that context is not valid any more at tthey moment. That's too bad. Okay. Well, it's not really tthey question anyway. Thank you. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] At ttheir time, I'm showing no furttheyr questions in tthey queue. Walter Johnsen Well, if ttheyre are no furttheyr questions ttheyn ttheir call is complete. We look forward to giving you anottheyr update after we complete tthey first quarter and at our annual meeting. Thank you, and goodbye. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect your phone lines.