Acme United Corporation (NYSE:ACU) Q4 2017 Results Conference Call February 27, 2018 12:00 PM ET Executives Walter Johnsen - Chairman and CEO Paul Driscoll - CFO Analysts Andrew Burns - D.A. Davidson Robert Maltbie - Singular Research Tim Call - Capital Management Corporation Jeffrey Matttheyws - RAM Partners Longport Partners - Richard Dearnley Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to today's Acme United Corporation's Fourth Quarter and Year End 2017 Earnings Call. At ttheir time, I'd like to turn tthey conference over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Walter Johnsen. Please go atheyad, sir. Walter Johnsen Good morning. Welcome to tthey fourth quarter and year end 2017 earnings conference call for Acme United Corporation. I'm Walter C. Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. With me is Paul Driscoll, our Chief Financial Officer, who will first read tthey Safe Harbor statement. Paul? Paul Driscoll Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call including, without limitation, statements related to tthey Company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of resources are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation tthey following; one, tthey Company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions are subject to change at any time at tthey discretion of tthey Company; two, tthey Company's plans and results of operation will be affected by tthey Company's ability to manage its growth; and three, ottheyr risks and uncertainties indicated from time-to-time in tthey Company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. Acme United reported net sales in 2017 of $130.5 million, an increase of 5% over 2016. Ttheir was tthey seventh year in a row of record sales for tthey Company. Our net income in 2017 prior to adjustments due to tax reform was $5.3 million compared to $5.8 million in 2016. Earnings per share were $1.42 compared to a $1.64 in 2016. So, in tthey fourth quarter of 2017 our sales increased 14% and net income prior to adjustments due to tax reform increased 8%. All of our major product lines gained market share due to online growth. However we had a large pencil sharpener in our promotion at a major retailer that did not repeat in 2017, and reduced Westcott sales for tthey year. We regained ttheir business for 2018. Our online sales have increased in excess of 100% annually for tthey past three years. We believe we are driving ttheir growth due to outstanding products with excellent reviews, strong content and search, and promotional strategies that theylp us to continue to gain market share. Despite weakness at many retailers, wholesalers and superstores, our overall business continues to grow. We are optimistic about tthey prospects of continued momentum during 2018. Our acquisition and successful integration of Spill Magic which we acquired in February 2017, was one of tthey highlights of our year. We added marketing support staff to build tthey business and place ttheir product at major new mass market accounts, industrial and safety distributors, online customers, and into tthey office products market. We look forward to growth in 2018, due to tthey additional product placement. Our international businesses also grew. In Europe sales increased 18% due to growth at DMT, our office products business and online sales. In Canada revenues grew 2%. Both subsidiaries contributed solid earnings. We have continued and worked on improving our warehouse operations to respond to tthey challenges of our online growth. During tthey year we added experienced executives and managers to improve tthey accuracy, speed and cost of deliveries in, installed new software modules to improve tthey efficiency of tthey pit lines and begin building a mezzanine level for storage of online products both to tthey point of shipment. We are seeing progress in reducing costs and look forward to benefiting from those improvements during 2018. Tthey Tax Cuts and Jobs Act theylps us directly in generating cash and increasing profits. We have already repatriated $5.8 million from our overseas subsidiaries and reduced debt. We expect our investments in new equipment for tthey expression of tthey DMT, Spill Magic and First Aid facilities to receive accelerated depreciation for tax purposes. We are trying to better assess tthey impact of our online business in 2018 before providing guidance for tthey year. As I have mentioned in past calls online sales are difficult to forecast and I can also add that as of now we are continuing to grow tthey strong momentum. I'll turn tthey call to Paul. Paul Driscoll Acme's net sales for fourth quarter were $30.2 million compared to $26.4 million in 2016 an increase of 14%. Sales for tthey year ended December 31, 2017 were $130.5 million compared to $124.6 million in 2016 an increase of 5%. Net sales from U.S. segment increased 15% in tthey quarter. Sales for tthey year ended December 31, increased 4%. Sales excluding tthey Spill Magic acquisition declined 2%. Sales of First Aid product, was strong and to tthey large back-to-school promotion that did not repeat ttheir year. Westcott school and office products sales were slightly lower than 2016. Spill Magic contributed $6.5 million in sales. Net sales of local currency for Canada increased 9% in tthey quarter and were constant for tthey year. Net sales of local currency for tthey Europe increased 8% in tthey quarter and 15% for tthey year. Growth in Europe came primarily from market share gains in tthey office product channels sales of DMT sharpeners. Tthey gross margin was 35% in tthey fourth quarter of 2017 versus 37% in tthey fourth quarter of 2016. Tthey fourth quarter of 2017 margin was lower than fourth quarter of 2016, mainly due to high promotional spending in tthey e-commerce business. Tthey gross margin for tthey year was 37% compared to 37% in 2016. SG&A expenses for tthey fourth quarter of 2017 were $9.9 million or 33% of sales compared to 9.4 million or 35% of sales for tthey same period of 2016. SG&A expenses for tthey year ended December 31, 2017 were 40.1 million or 31% of sales compared with 37.1 million or 30% of sales in 2016. Tthey increase in tthey quarter mainly was primarily due to higtheyr variable selling costs as a result of higtheyr sales and Spill Magic business and tthey additional sales marketing and IT personnel. Adjusted net income for tthey fourth quarter of 2017 was $590,000, or $0.16 per diluted share compared to net income of $546,000 or $0.15 per diluted share tthey same period of 2016, an increase of 8% in net income, and 7% in EPS. Adjusted net income for tthey 12 months ended December 31st was 5.3 million, or a $1.42 per diluted share equate to 5.8 million or a $1.64 diluted share in tthey prior period, a decrease of 9% in net income and 13% in EPS. Tthey Company's bank debt less cash at tthey end of 2017 was 37.8 million compared to 27 million at December 31, 2016. During tthey year, we spent $7.2 million on tthey Spill Magic acquisition, $1.4 million on dividends that generated $1.7 million in free cash flow. Additionally, we purchased our First Aid manufacturing and distribution facility in Vancouver, Washington of $4 million. Ttheir property was recently appraised for $6.25 million. Some comments on GAAP net income and taxes. GAAP net income that included a one-time charge for $1.25 million was a loss of $655,000 in tthey fourth quarter and a gain of $4.1 million for tthey year. Tthey tax charges related to tthey U.S. tax reform enacted in December 2017. $1.17 million of tthey charge was associated with tthey one-time transition tax, tthey deemed repatriation of accumulated foreign earnings which are payable over eight years. As tthey new tax law allows for a one-time repatriation of cash theyld abroad at a lower tax rate ttheyn what have been paid in ttheir previous tax spread, we have so far repatriated approximately $5.8 million. Ttheyy will be used primarily to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions. With tthey corporate tax rate being reduced, we expect tthey Company's effective global tax rate excluding special items that we reduced by approximately 600 basis points. We will now open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] First from D.A. Davidson we have Andrew Burns. Andrew Burns Just a couple of follow-ups, just in terms of tthey loss of tthey Westcott pencil sharpener, was that tthey variance in 4Q? And was that product already built and we ship in '18? Or what's tthey process ttheyre? Walter Johnsen No, we've lost tthey business in tthey second and third quarter, as you can imagine that's mostly back to school, and it was a sizeable loss. We will be shipping that in tthey second and third quarter of 2018, as we'll now recover it. Andrew Burns And tthey variance versus guidance in tthey fourth quarter? Walter Johnsen Ttheyre was about a $0.5 million of product that we did not ship in tthey fourth quarter, due to principally basically that shifted into Q1, but ttheyre's always some of that. Andrew Burns And ttheyn as we think about holding off on providing annual guidance between now and I guess 14th April wtheyn you report. Are you sort of waiting to firm up one particular retailer? Or does that time allow for much greater visibility on tthey back-to-school selling, just trying to better understand, tthey reason for tthey waiting? Walter Johnsen Well, ttheyre is a primary one is tthey online business is difficult to forecast and it continues to be well atheyad at very fast rate. And it's cannibalizing weaker sales at tthey wholesalers for office products and tthey retailers many of ttheym some of tthey office super stores and so while we are gaining market share we will also have an some attrition with ttheyse ottheyr accounts. And you can see that with many of your retailers well worthy for strong one and it's going online so we are on tthey same trends and while we're trying to figure is tthey margin mix of tthey new business to margin mix of tthey loss business and it's complicated. And tthey good news is that our online business is now very sizeable one of tthey online retailers was our third largest customer in our 2017 and could very well become our largest customer ttheir year so we're dapping to that change in customer mix but it also what we're guide on tthey shallow of tthey stores is different that we have online to some cases higtheyr margin and some cases lower margin. And we're trying to calibrate that as it now shift into our bigger chunk of our overall sales. And so I hope that theylps a little bit. Andrew Burns And ttheyn just one last one as you look forward in terms of a great year from Europe just tthey sustainability and tthey key drivers for that market is as we look forward? Walter Johnsen I'm sorry Andrew you are talking about Europe? Unidentified Analyst Yes, Europe, sorry. Walter Johnsen Europe did have a very-very it's tthey record year and so far ttheir year it's continuing at a good pace. One of tthey starts has been tthey DMT product line, which have high margins and which is growing strongly in tthey European market. Amazon in Europe is also having an impact and is now tthey largest customer we have in Europe. We have gained tthey office products business so it's hitting on our all pillar just right now. Operator Moving on we have Jeff Briggs from Singular Research. Robert Maltbie So three questions. Regarding Spill Magic, it looks like you are getting some good growth ttheyre. Is ttheyre -- do you have ramp of forecast on that for 2018? Or familiar ttheyre also regarding tthey online business, is that our in terms of tthey difficulty in tthey forecast? Are you seeing any type of I guess per unit per or SKU? Have you any type of price erosion ttheyre? And ttheyn final question, regarding M&A, are you on tthey lookout for possibilities for 2018? Walter Johnsen First on Spill Magic, we have just installed tthey new equipment in tthey Nashville, Tennessee facility, which allows us to produce smaller containers of Spill Magic for both retail and online sales, and that's very exciting for us because it reduces not only tthey labor, but it increases tthey throughput. I have just personally placed an order at Amazon for Spill Magic, and I am waiting for a delivery, although it's been confirmed. So it's just beginning to flow into tthey online area. Tthey major distributors Grainger, Fastenal and so forth are carrying tthey product. We have just introduced it into Europe, at Paper World in February, and so we will see what we can do ttheyre. We had a lot of customer interest in those formats. So, I am not going to give you a forecast, for it, it's a reasonably high margin product and it will grow and we are spending money to reduce tthey cost and make capability to produce it. With tthey online business, ttheir time really a question of price erosion, we are selling in tthey Westcott product family, a lot of very high margin and exciting coated scissors in particular in volumes that don't represent what happens in our retail with any single retailer. So, strong volumes ttheyre and those are high margin. On tthey ottheyr hand we are filing less of tthey lower margin items which need to be quite representative of mix online, timidly but differently on our First Aid area, we are selling a lot of low margin consumer First Aid kits which we really don't sell in tthey U.S., except through Amazon and tthey higtheyr margin industrial products in tthey refill or lower. So, it's not consistent and that's what we are grappling with. On tthey ottheyr hand, we are calling it tthey top line and we will build in that -- ttheyse ottheyr areas as we continue to do promotions and filing tthey gaps. Regarding M&A we are constantly looking, and I can tell you that by be being able to bring back $5.8 million so far from Asia and that number by year end, that will continue to generate cash ttheyre, will be a bigger number. It almost resets us, or being able to do anottheyr acquisition with our current bag line, in addition we are generating cash through our regular operations and on a normal year end $5 million or $6 million of free cash flow. So, we are positioning ourselves to grow to anottheyr acquisition. Operator [Operator Instructions] Next, we will move to Tim Call with Capital Management Corporation. Tim Call Can you review your Toys"R"Us exposure wtheyttheyr of material, and if you have any sales or do ttheyy just move to ottheyr retailers over time? Walter Johnsen Toys"R"Us was in account a number of years ago, but it was always small. And Paul do you know if we even sell to ttheym? Paul Driscoll No, we don't sell ttheym. Walter Johnsen We don't sell t ttheym. So ttheyre is no exposure. Tim Call With hunting and fishing, tthey hurricanes hurt your sales ttheyre. Do you have any easy comparisons coming up because of that? And do you see strength returning to those areas? Was that just a onetime blip down in tthey second half of last year? Walter Johnsen Well, tthey Cuda fishing line continues to be gaining share and that's not only up to for salt water but now for freshwater and into Canada. And we've put in -- we've hired a person through social media to cover fishing tournaments with tthey sponsors as few of ttheym. We've got one coming up in a couple of weeks in Florida. Tthey fishing pros are actively working for us and we've got about 10 of ttheym. And it's bearing fruit and in tthey first quarter which is traditionally wtheyre you begin to sell a lot of efficient tools wtheyre stronger than last year at now. In tthey hunting area, we are gaining fair amount of new business in 2018. Both under tthey branded for most lines as well as tthey private label program for one of tthey large retailer. So, ttheyre will be some good comparisons for hunting and fishing regardless of wtheyttheyr we had some storms. It's just -- tthey business is stronger. Operator [Operator Instructions] Next from RAM Partners, we will move to Jeffrey Matttheyws. Jeffrey Matttheyws Walter tthey comment that Amazon is your largest European business I think that's what you said. Walter Johnsen Yes. Jeffrey Matttheyws That's very striking and I wonder if that's a function of just that you are on Amazon and ttheyy are growing so fast or is it also just theylping ttheyre that your product lines are more adaptable to being sold on Amazon? In ottheyr words that it is easier earlier for you to gain share, but -- is it easier for you -- is it a bit easier for you to gain share in Europe being part of Amazon rattheyr than trying to beat your theyad against tthey wall getting share within existing retailers? Walter Johnsen No, tthey first part of that is, Amazon theyre is an important, is one of our largest customers corporately, and it's growing so fast. And our team of people are working ttheir account effectively. And that same team has been working with our European counterpart who are also staffing for online sale. And with tthey strategies we are using in tthey U.S. we are using in Europe. And it's having a big benefit. Similar to tthey U.S. some of tthey retailers, not all, but some of tthey retailers in Europe are stay to flux. Tthey sales were down its controlled from large superstores on tthey staff and it's difficult to get attraction with ttheym for new business. Having said that we are getting attraction with tthey traditional retailers, and particularly in Germany wtheyre tthey market is more traditional we are picking up some very good accounts medium size companies recover regional markets very attractively. So what's going on in Europe is Amazon is rolling and it's an important parts of that core base of [indiscernible] distributors is also contributing to ttheir growth. Jeffrey Matttheyws Also tthey comments about inability to forecast tthey online side of tthey business is not entirely surprising because you talk about that aspect last quarter wtheyre ttheyre is something within tthey way tthey fourth quarter develop that made it more of an issue? Or is it just continued question mark about you are doing? Walter Johnsen We're continuing and about tthey same paces in tthey fourth quarter right now which is an excess of 100% growth, but tthey numbers are getting bigger. And it's hard to say is that something you've continuing for tthey year it seems impossible, but it happened. So and ttheyn you've got tthey weakness with retailers that are closing stores or taken ttheymselves private and ttheyy've squeezed inventory or it is lot of supporters, lots of people and has got a problem. So ttheir shift in aggregate we're growing but again it's just theyavy that right now tthey let's say if we were going and ttheyn find that eittheyr not address tthey margin mix properly and we are eittheyr up or were down from what I'm forecasting. But I think that for tthey first quarter that will be anottheyr benchmark both to tthey third and fourth actually second and third and fourth of ttheir year have been of 2017 and that's tthey first should theylp us with tthey some guidance about it. Jeffrey Matttheyws Got it and ttheyn finally just wondering to follow-up on tthey supply chain you talk last time about having assurance to supply and what do you see in a supply chain wise not going forward? Walter Johnsen It wasn't so simple to shorten that supply chain tthey time to take tthey products from Asian and put in on a bolt hasn't changed and customs are still two week. We get tthey factors to move a little bit quicker on some of ttheyir production and ttheyy've change over Chinese New Year for a month tthey supply product. Operator [Operator Instructions] From D.A. Davidson will move back to Andrew Burns. Andrew Burns In terms of your go-forward tax rate comments about a 600 basis points potential reduction ttheyre, can you just give us what is tthey base level run rate was excluding sort of onetime items? I know in '16 excluding onetime items it's about 25% and principally on tthey reported number is lower, of '17, so what's sort of tthey starting point in that reduction? Walter Johnsen I'll turn that over to Paul. Paul Driscoll Well tthey global mix changes from year-to-year and in 2017 that effective rate was 23% so with 25% in 2016, and without tthey tax cuts it would have been 28% approximately 28%, in 2018, based on my projected mix and with tthey tax cuts that would be 22%. Andrew Burns And ttheyn just a follow-up on tthey success you're seeing at DMT, it looks like a great product launch sctheydule at tthey SHOT show ttheyre, you mentioned strengttheyned Europe, just probably thinking about tthey growth opportunities for DMT given tthey plethora of new products coming to tthey market? Walter Johnsen Let me explain some of ttheyse new products which we did introduce at tthey SHOT Show. Ttheyre's a new line of highly accurate sharpeners that are electronic and that sharpened vibration as tthey blades go through tthey sharpener and as a result you have minimal blurring at tthey microscopic level on tthey clean edges, and ttheyn of course ttheyy are diamond based and we can -- so you get a very-very sharp and consistent cut. Ttheyse were very well received in tthey hunting area but it's a lot broader ttheyn just hunting and later fishing. Ttheyse are to be consumerized and be sold, into mass markets retailers. DMT has strong margins, it had growth last year, we have gained additional business in 2018 at couple of very large retailers in tthey U.S., Europe is growing online as well as through industrial, mostly it's industrial distribution and we are adding about a third of capacity to parts of that facility, now, and if we do -- hopefully we can do, that will be enough, so it's broadened. Operator Moving on we will move back to tthey line of Jeff Briggs with Singular Research. Robert Maltbie I've got a follow-up, so Walter, regarding -- and maybe you said ttheir and I missed it, what is tthey magnitude or tthey percent of total revenue now online and on ttheir metric, does that include Walmart are ttheyy still an important customer and what is tthey magnitude of sales in Walmart? Walter Johnsen Well let me start with Walmart, Walmart's an outstanding company from my view. And tthey work ttheyy are doing online has tthey potential I think to [indiscernible] some real competition relative to its size, Walmart's as of last year was our largest customer and growing customer. That's a contract with some ottheyr retailers which haven't main as aggressive in ttheyir online efforts. We are supporting tthey online business at Walmart in many, many different ways and including our -- in many, many different ways. And I think that we will continue to solid and really starting growth ttheyre. Relative to tthey percent I don't know that number right now and it's a definitional issue because example Ranger has online sales so tthey Staples and office [seafood] and wtheyn you start adding those in if you can break ttheym out. Ttheyre will be fairly sizable piece. Tthey pure online retailers like Amazon are in excess of 10% of our sales right now. Operator Moving on from Longport Partners we have Richard Dearnley. Richard Dearnley You said you were going to add loosely a third of capacity at DMT. Do you have wrong numbers on tthey capacity increase in Spill Magic in First Aid? Walter Johnsen That's getting pretty granular Rich, but particularly Spill Magic, if we wind up growing by a third or half it's less capital in terms of tthey DMT, wtheyn you are dealing with diamond coating and theyavy high precision injection molding. Spill Magic is really more packaged and mixing. So it's easier to scale. But tthey new equipment that we put in, in Nashville was for growth in tthey retail and into tthey online sales. All of which we don't know how much that is but ttheyy are running pretty hard right now. With First Aid we have done some new business at very large industrial distributor which will ship eittheyr at tthey end of tthey first quarter or second and ttheyn continuing and we will also gain a very large food service distributor pilot program that is pretty substantial. So First Aid capacity is expanding and we have full capacity pretty much in Vancouver Washington. We are expanding in our facility in Rocky Mountain North Henryina. Longport Partners And ttheyn Paul, what was CapEx in '17 and ttheyn -- do you have a guess sort of '18? Paul Driscoll Projecting now 2.9 for '18, it was 3.2 in '17. Longport Partners Ttheyn you mentioned that from tthey promotions in tthey fourth quarter and e-commerce and I've realized promotions taking many different forms, hurt tthey gross margins by 200 basis points or most of tthey 200 basis points. But if you look at -- as you see online, tthey online business now or better I guess in tthey future. Online business, most people are saying tthey gross margin is less. Tthey SG&A is also less. And how does tthey op margin ttheyn shake out? Paul Driscoll I don't have those exact numbers to share with you. Longport Partners Okay. Walter Johnsen But tthey answer on tthey promotions in tthey fourth quarter, Black Friday is one of tthey major, major promotional points for online and retailers. And for tthey online retailers ttheyre are lots of best prices all year and it wasn't on one day it's like five weeks. But it's -- that period is lower margins, tthey lowest, do you ever going to have on your products? Longport Partners Walmart made a point on ttheyir fourth quarter saying we've got too much online inventory we didn't have enough in tthey stores, getting ttheir right is very difficult and everyone is feeling ttheyir way along, and fair to say probably I'd like tthey investment business, you learn ttheyse lesions by costing you money I understand it's tough. Walter Johnsen No, it's a change in tthey paradigm, and it's exciting. I mean we're playing and gaining market share. It has huge arena. And it's was tthey some customers who were just shining compared to many of tthey retailers who were struggling. And that shifts from retailer to online and ttheyn getting it right. If it's huge opportunity that's why we're putting tthey promotions and that's why we are hiring tthey staff, and that's why we are upgrading North Henryina to handle it, and I can't think of a more exciting time to be running Acme than right now. Operator And will move back to Jeffrey Matttheyws with RAM Partners. Jeffrey Matttheyws Walter, I didn't theyar any mention of sales and China gives us in Asia maybe I missed it. What's going on ttheyre sales wise rattheyr than cost of goods wise? Walter Johnsen Well, we do sell out of our Hong-Kong losses into Australia and New Zealand, Korea, Taiwan, Japan, Indonesia it's about a $1 million it's small, it's growing, it's profitable, and it's consolidated with tthey U.S. operations. So we don't break it out, but it's a very good piece of business, and it's profitable. In China, itself we sold for a while and we have trouble collecting few years ago, and finally that has started as we decided as a team that maybe that was tthey best market for us, it wasn't a great deal and we just shifted to tthey more tthey ottheyr countries in Souttheyast Asia. Operator And gentlemen at ttheir time, it appears we have no furttheyr questions from tthey audience. Walter Johnsen Well, ttheyn ttheir call is complete. We look forward with speaking with you again after we release first quarter earnings in April, wtheyn we will also provide guidance for 2018. Thank you for participating and good bye.