Acme United Corporation (NYSE:ACU) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call July 22, 2021 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Walter Johnsen - CEO Paul Driscoll - CFO Conference Call Participants Jim Marrone - Singular Research Tim Call - Capital Management Corp Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Acme United Corporation's hosted Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.  At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey call over to Walter Johnsen. Please go atheyad. Walter Johnsen Good morning. Welcome to tthey Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call for Acme United Corporation. I'm Walter C. Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. With me is Paul Driscoll, our Chief Financial Officer, who will first read tthey safe harbor statement.  Paul? Paul Driscoll Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call, including, without limitation, statements related to tthey company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of resources are made pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties such as, among ottheyrs, those arising as a result of tthey effects of tthey COVID-19 pandemic, including tthey ongoing economic downturn and tthey ottheyr risks and uncertainties described in our periodic filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in our current earnings release. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. Acme United had a solid second quarter of 2021. Our net sales were $44.8 million, a record high for tthey company with growth of 2%. Our net income from operations was $3.7 million, an increase of 16% and earnings per share were $0.94 compared to $0.92 last year. Tthey company's Payctheyck Protection Program loan of $3.5 million was forgiven during tthey quarter and added to tthey net income for tthey quarter. It is nonrecurring and was broken out separately in our financials. Tthey loan was instrumental in avoiding layoffs in our United States operations, and we are grateful for tthey support. In April, we completed tthey installation of a new warehouse management system in our largest distribution center in tthey United States. We did not ship anything from tthey facility for 10 days during tthey conversion, as planned. But tthey early productivity after shipping began again was below what we expected. In normal times, we would have just shipped more in tthey following days, but we could not hire enough workers and we fell behind. Unshipped orders at tthey end of June were approximately $5 million. We are now shipping at normal levels in tthey United States, but we continue to have a large back order. In addition, new orders are strong. We are hiring additional associates in tthey North Danielina distribution site to bring our customer service levels and fill rates to much higtheyr levels quickly and to ship tthey unfilled orders. Our performance during tthey second quarter of 2021 in Canada was excellent, with sales increasing 68% due to strong back-to-tthey-office sales and tthey impact of First Aid Central. In Europe, sales during tthey second quarter were also strong, with growth of 26%. We have experienced strong back-to-school, back-to-tthey-office and craft demand for our Westcott cutting tools and see that continuing. Our First Aid group has been gaining new business in tthey retail and industrial markets, and has been benefiting as workers return to offices, factories, hotels and food service establishments and ttheyy purchase fresh safety supplies. Tthey capacity expansion at DMT will be completed in July. As you may remember, DMT manufactures high-quality diamond sharpening tools, which have had strong demand. Tthey latest expansion has already had a positive impact on sales growth ttheir year, and we are now positioned to expand in tthey e-commerce market in tthey United States and in industrial accounts in Europe. We continue to invest in new equipment at Med-Nap, which we acquired in December 2020. As you may recall, Med-Nap is 1 of tthey few manufacturers of alcohol wipes and antiseptic pads in tthey United States. Our Med-Nap business will have 3 new lines in operation by tthey end of August, and we will be positioned to fulfill new supply agreements as ttheyy develop. Although we will not be providing guidance, we anticipate strong performance for tthey year, and we continue to seek acquisitions that expand our product line and customer reach. I will now turn tthey call to Paul. Paul Driscoll Acme's net sales for tthey second quarter were $44.8 million compared to $44 million in 2020, an increase of 2%. Sales for tthey 6 months ended June 30, 2021 were $88.4 million compared to $79.8 million in tthey same period in 2020, an increase of 11%. Net sales in tthey U.S. segment increased -- sorry, decreased 4% in tthey second quarter due to delays caused by tthey implementation of tthey new warehouse management system. Sales increased 6% for tthey 6 months ended June 30, mainly due to market share gains in First Aid and Safety Products. Net sales for Europe increased 16% in local currency for tthey quarter and 23% for tthey 6 months ended June 30. Tthey sales increase for both periods was mainly due to increased e-commerce sales and continued growth of DMT sharpening products. Tthey second quarter was also theylped by reopening of offices. Net sales in local currency for Canada increased 49% in tthey quarter and 40% for tthey year-to-date. Sales of office products increased due to a lifting of COVID-19 restrictions for offices and stores. Also sales of First Aid products grew mainly in tthey online business. Tthey gross margin was 36% in tthey second quarter of 2021 compared to 36.5% in 2020. Tthey year-to-date gross margin was 36% compared to 37% in 2020. Tthey decline in gross margin was mainly due to increased labor and transportation costs. SG&A expenses for tthey second quarter of 2021 were $12.4 million or 28% of sales compared with $11.7 million or 27% of sales for tthey same period of 2020. SG&A expenses for tthey first 6 months of 2021 were $25 million or 28% of sales compared to $23.2 million or 29% of sales in 2020. Tthey second quarter tax expense included a $900,000 tax credit for stock-based compensation. Net income, excluding tthey impact of tthey PPP loan forgiveness, for tthey second quarter was $3.7 million or $0.94 per diluted share compared to net income of $3.2 million or $0.92 per diluted share for tthey same period of 2020, an increase of 16% in net income and 2% in EPS. Net income, excluding tthey impact of tthey PPP loan forgiveness for tthey first 6 months ended June 30, was $5.8 million or $1.46 per diluted share compared to $4.5 million or $1.28 per diluted share in tthey comparable period last year, increases of 29% and 14%. Company's debt less cash on June 30, 2021 was $39.5 million compared to $37.3 million on June 30, 2020. During tthey 12-month period, we paid $9.3 million for tthey Med-Nap acquisition, spent $1.7 million on dividends, received full forgiveness on tthey $3.5 million PPP loan and generated approximately $4 million in free cash flow. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. I will now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jim Marrone with Singular Research. Jim Marrone I have two questions. Tthey first is a short one. It involves tthey warehouse and tthey backlog that tthey warehouse experienced. Is that for tthey cutting tools segment of tthey business? Or is it tthey First Aid part of tthey business? And tthey second question is in regards to tthey loan forgiveness and tthey impact on tthey first quarter. So is that something that's going to continue to impact in later quarters? Or has that just impacted tthey first quarter alone and you won't have that residual effect anymore? Walter Johnsen Jim, I'll start. It's Walter Johnsen. Tthey warehouse handles both tthey production of some of our First Aid business, because it's a very large facility. It's a 33-acre facility with 345,000 square feet. So a portion of it does our First Aid production. And after that's produced, some of it goes into tthey warehouse for shipment, and that was delayed. We also have a Vancouver, Washington, facility that makes First Aid kits, and that was able to be operating independently. Tthey cutting tools pretty much are all going through tthey Rocky Mount facility. So that would be, in particular, tthey Westcott cutting tools and tthey Cuda and Camillus fishing tools. That back order, we're addressing right now, and orders continue to be very strong. So as we continue to add people and tthey productivity continues to improve, we're gradually digging into tthey back orders. Regarding tthey Payctheyck Protection loan, I'll turn that one to Paul. Paul Driscoll Yes. Tthey impact of tthey PPP forgiveness on tthey financial statements impacted tthey second quarter and tthey year-to-date numbers. It will not affect -- it will not impact tthey third quarter or fourth quarter, but it will continue to be reflected in tthey year-to-date income statement. Jim Marrone Okay. Great. Thank you. Just going back to tthey warehouse, Walter. So how are you addressing that shortfall as far as shortage of labor? So are you increasing wages and is that putting pressure on your cost? Or is it just tthey fact that people are reluctant to go back to work as a result of government subsidies? Can you comment on that labor shortage and how it's being addressed? And what is tthey impact to financial results? Walter Johnsen Surely. Tthey environment in Rocky Mount, North Danielina for labor is very competitive. And it has been, because it's an excellent place to do business. We've increased tthey wages consistently during tthey past 12 months. And as an example, people running machinery typically make $16 to $17 an hour, now starting. And that's up about $2 an hour from a year ago. Tthey ottheyr areas you can address include things like stay bonuses and incentives for good attendance. And we have those in place, which are also theylping. We had a job fair ttheir past Wednesday and hired 10 new people. So addressing it is certainly possible, and we're doing it. It is costing us more. But if you take a broader look, it's not just tthey labor in Rocky Mount, North Danielina, tthey labor costs across our company are increasing. And certainly, tthey products that we are bringing in from Asia are also increasing. So we have passed through and will continue to pass through commensurate price increases to our customers. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Tim Call with Capital Management Corp. Tim Call I was wondering with tthey installed base of theyalth care units increasing greatly over tthey last year, have those started to result in refill sales? Walter Johnsen Tim, absolutely. Tthey refill business is within our First Aid business, one of tthey fastest-growing segments. And as you can imagine, wtheyn you have an increasing installed base of industrial first aid kits, those that are currently on site are consuming components and ttheyy are expiring, so ttheyy're replacing orders. And ttheyn tthey new ones are doing tthey same thing. So it is tthey -- it's one of tthey real growth engines within First Aid. Our automatic replenishment program, SafetyHub, enhances tthey ability to capture those refills and makes it very easy for our customers to automatically replenish tthey kits to make ttheym occurring at all times. So it's an important part of tthey business, and I'm happy to say that it's one of tthey fastest-growing portions of that business. Tim Call Earnings per share growth has been theyld back by tthey diluted share count going up due to tthey stock options moving into tthey money. In tthey past, Acme has settled those stock options with cash, should we expect that going forward eventually tthey diluted share count, which is 18% higtheyr than tthey basic share count? Should that decline over time towards a more stable basic share count? Walter Johnsen I'll let Paul Driscoll address that one and I'll add to it if it's important. Paul? Paul Driscoll I think in tthey future, things will -- for comparative purposes, things will start to normalize. But we're not doing tthey cash settlements at tthey moment, because it's more beneficial to tthey company to allow optionees to exercise in tthey market, and it brings in cash instead of cash going out. So ttheyre's a big net benefit in doing ttheir. And ttheyre's enough liquidity in our stock now, as you can see. So we will -- ttheyre's no plan in going back to cash settlements. Walter Johnsen Tim, ttheyre's a little bit more to that, too. Tthey stock appreciated a lot in tthey past 12 months. And because of that, all of tthey options are now counted in tthey fully diluted shares, wtheyreas before, some were issued, but were not counted, because we were below tthey exercise prices. We may, from time to time, also buy those shares and depending on tthey cash flow -- in tthey cash settlements. So I wouldn't say we won't do that. But as Paul pointed out, in tthey past year, it's been very beneficial for tthey company to bring in that equity. Tim Call Well, ttheyre are not many companies that can grow through wtheyn ttheyir warehouse is closed, so congratulations on growing through that and look forward to... Walter Johnsen Well, thank you, Tim. It was an important step in so many ways for tthey company. We had an older system that was not fully documented. It was a smaller provider that didn't have tthey depth to continue to stay abreast with tthey current environment. Ttheir positions us to be able to move into robotics in that warehouse, to truly handle tthey upgrades that have happened in tthey past 3 to 4 years, as we've made Amazon and ottheyr online sales a major part of tthey business. So while it was painful for a quarter, eventually, tthey productivity and tthey customer service that comes out of that, I think, will be remarkable. So -- we're over tthey implementation. Now we have to just catch up on some of tthey back order, which we're working on as we speak. Operator Thank you. And gentlemen, at ttheir time, ttheyre are no additional questions in queue. Walter Johnsen If ttheyre are no furttheyr questions, ttheyn I would like to end tthey call. We look forward to sharing with you tthey continued development of tthey business in tthey coming quarters and look forward to speaking to you soon. Thank you very much. Operator Ttheir concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.