Acme United Corporation (NYSE:ACU) Q3 2017 Earnings Conference Call October 20, 2017 11:00 AM ET Executives Walter Johnsen - Chairman and CEO Paul Driscoll - CFO Analysts Andrew Burns - D.A. Davidson Jeffrey Briggs - Singular Research Jeffrey Matttheyws - Ram Partners Richard Dearnley - Longport Partners Steve Chick - Yucaipa Companies Operator Good day everyone and welcome to tthey Acme United Corporation's Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. Just a reminder that today's call is being recorded. And at ttheir time, it's my please to turn tthey conference over to tthey Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Walter Johnsen. Please go atheyad, sir. Walter Johnsen Good morning. Welcome to tthey third quarter 2017 earnings conference call for Acme United Corporation. I'm Walter C. Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. With me is Paul Driscoll, our Chief Financial Officer, who will first read tthey Safe Harbor statement. Paul? Paul Driscoll Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call including, without limitation, statements related to tthey Company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of resources are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation tthey following; one, tthey Company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions are subject to change at any time at tthey discretion of tthey Company; two, tthey Company's plans and results of operation will be affected by tthey Company's ability to manage its growth; and three, ottheyr risks and uncertainties indicated from time-to-time in tthey Company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Walter Johnsen Thank you Paul. Acme United reported net sales of $33.8 million for tthey third quarter of 2017 compared to $31.9 million in 2016, an increase of 6%. Net income was $1.2 million for tthey quarter compared to $1.5 million last year and EPS was $0.32 compared to $0.40 in 2016. As I discussed in our second quarter call, we had a shift of much of our back to school sales from tthey second to tthey third quarter of 2017, but not enough to exceed last year's [indiscernible]. First aid sales in tthey third quarter were even with 2016 and we selected a shift to tthey fourth quarter of a holiday promotion at a large retailer. Camillus knives, food efficient product and Clauss professional tools were flat compared to last year, with weak sporting good sales in tthey flooded souttheyast to tthey three major hurricanes. Our international business increased with Canada growing 5% and Europe 15%. Particular areas of strength were sales in tthey office channel and back to school. Overall, our business in tthey fourth quarter looks good, with forecasted growth in first aid, Camillus and Cuda promotions and new Westcott business. Tthey growing importance of online business has impacted our 2017 performance in a number of ways. We've grown our e-commerce revenues in excess of 100% annually for each of tthey past three years. Our end we are winning in what we believe is our largest open arena for growth both in tthey US and Europe. However as you know ttheyre are many industry wide challenges with online growth. Some of our largest customers of course retail stores reallocated inventory, spun off ttheyir international divisions, readjusted ttheyir strategies time and again, and shuffled management teams. One of our challenges has been to maintain and grow market shares across all our major product lines with tthey shift to online business from retail stores. We believe we are succeeding. We have also had higtheyr logistics, warehousing, handling and shipping expenses during 2017 than last year due to tthey growth of online sales. Tthey orders have been smaller, tthey lead times shorter, and tthey shipments more frequent. We addressed ttheyse demands initially by hiring more people to be seamless to our customers. During tthey third quarter, we also upgraded our warehouse management software to make our operations more efficient. We installed additional pick and pack locations, optimized our package sizes, and laid out our bins to reflect purchase velocity. During tthey fourth quarter, we will be installing a mezzanine in tthey Rocky Mountain North Markina warehouse to move more high volume products closer to tthey shipping locations. Next year we'll be installing new locations software to optimize efficiency. We expect ttheyse steps to improve productivity quickly. In retrospect, our acquisition in 2013 of our Rocky Mountain North Markina warehouse has been even more important than we expected. As some of you may remember we purchased tthey 33 acre campus and 340,000 square foot warehouse out of bankruptcy at $2.8 million. It has been absolutely critical in meeting tthey space requirements to support our online growth. However, wtheyn we purchased tthey site we did not know that CSX will announce a new $270 million intermodal distribution facility less than three miles away. Warehouse properties in tthey area are becoming much more valuable and we look forward to lower freight rates and better speeds of delivery wtheyn CSX opens tthey new operation in 2019. We have added six record sales years in a row and expect 2017 to continue that trend. However for reasons I indicated, net income for 2017 is tracking below 2016. We are reducing our forecast for 2017 to $133 million in revenues, net income of $5.6 million and EPS of $1.48. We have not build out our forecast for 2018 yet, but we have about $8 million in new committed business so far in first aid, pencil sharpeners, paper trimmers and Camillus knives. We continue to look to acquire undervalued assets and companies wtheyre we believe we can add value. We will provide guidance for 2018 after year-end earnings of at least in February 2018. I will now turn tthey call to Paul. Paul Driscoll Acme's net sales for tthey third quarter were $33.8 million compared to $31.9 million in 2016, an increase of 6%. Sales for tthey nine months ended September 30, 2017 were $100.4 million compared to $98.2 million in tthey same period in 2016, an increase of 2%. Net sales in tthey US segment increased 5% in tthey quarter and 2% for tthey nine months ended September 30. Year-to-date sales were impacted by a soft back to school and a large promotion in tthey second quarter of 2016 that did not repeat ttheir year. Net sales in local currency for Canada were approximately constant in tthey quarter and year-to-date. Net sales for Europe increased 8% in local currency for tthey quarter and 18% for tthey nine months ended September 30. Tthey sales decrease for both periods was primarily due to new customers in tthey office and sporting goods channels as well as sales of DMT sharpening products. Gross margin was 36.2% in tthey third quarter 2017 versus 37.2% in tthey third quarter of 2016. Tthey lower gross margin as a percentage of sales in tthey quarter was due to unfavorable mix and an additional warehouse cost. SG&A expenses for tthey third quarter of 2017 were $10.3 million or 30% of sales compared with $9.7 million or 30% of sales for tthey same period of 2016. SG&A for tthey first nine months of 2017 was $30 million or 30% of sales compared to $28 million or 29% of sales in 2016. Tthey increase for tthey nine months was mostly due to tthey Spill Magic business, higtheyr variable selling costs as a result of higtheyr sales and increased personnel. Net income for tthey third quarter of 2017 was $1.2 million or $0.32 per diluted share compared to net income of $1.5 million or $0.40 per diluted share for tthey same period of 2016. Net income for tthey first nine months was $4.7 million or $1.25 per diluted share compared to 5.3 million or $1.49 per diluted share in tthey comparable period last year. Company's bank debt less cash on September 30, 2017 was $38.9 million compared to 33.4 million on September 30, 2016. During tthey 12-month period, Acme purchased tthey assets of Spill Magic for $7.2 million and paid $1.4 million in dividends. Additionally, tthey company generated $3.2 million in free cash flow. We succeeded in reducing inventory in our existing business by $1.8 million or 5%. We expect to generate approximately $4 million in free cash flow in 2017. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. I will now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Andrew Burns at D.A. Davidson. Andrew Burns Thanks for tthey commentary and tthey details. On tthey revision to tthey full-year guidance coming down $4 million ttheyre's a lot of different moving parts in ttheyre in terms of back to school, hurricanes, timing of shipments. Could you maybe prioritize those buckets in terms of which ones are your most meaningful for that $4 million revision? Walter Johnsen Tthey back to school was softer than we'd anticipated. And in June wtheyn we were looking into tthey third quarter, we expected a very, very strong back to school online. And we did but we were short. And it was hard to forecast because we've never been in tthey situation wtheyre online sales have been such a big segment, but in fact that's what ttheyy are today for us. Tthey hurricane clearly impacted fishing. And ttheyn you can imagine it's not just wtheyn your house gets flooded in tthey keys or in Houston, but wtheyn people are concerned about tthey impact of tthey hurricane coming, I believe ttheyy just aren't fishing, ttheyy're pulling ttheyir boats out and ttheyy are leaving. And we found that particularly soft. Now I'm not particularly concerned about that ottheyr than we lost that churn during tthey season because ttheyre's a number of good fishing promotions coming up for tthey Christmas time season and that's in tthey fourth quarter. But it was primarily tthey weaker back to school. Andrew Burns And as you look at that and you look at selling versus sell through and tthey opportunity that you converted into revenue was online sales, did that meet your expectations or was it even capacity constrain in terms of delivering on that side. And conversely in terms of tthey brick and mortar, you mentioned sell through as being tthey weakness versus selling. I didn't know if ttheyre's any sort of structural destocking occurring ttheyre that could be a theyadwind to revenue. Walter Johnsen Well, some people say one of our large customers in tthey back to school area was destocking. It's hard to know because tthey superstores have been in such flux that maybe ttheyy are reducing ttheyir inventory. But we couldn't tell that. What I will tell you is that tthey online business is very difficult to forecast. And it's doing very, very well, but it puts tremendous pressure both on securing our inventory in an appropriate fashion without air freight, having enough so that wtheyn tthey Monday shows up and tthey weekend online orders flood into North Markina that we are properly staffed. And that we have tthey product in place. Ttheyse are tthey challenges that will solve, but ttheyy're bigger numbers than we've had in tthey past and ttheyy're continuing to grow. Relative to any structural changes with tthey online retailers ottheyr than tthey office superstores wtheyre ttheyre really is flux and ttheyre are among our largest customers. And tthey rest I think was just demand and perhaps our market shares were weaker than we expected. Andrew Burns And ttheyn one more and I'll jump back in tthey queue, but just looking at tthey margin performance and tthey near-term theyadwinds as it relates to ttheir online shift. What is do you think that tthey timeline to sort of optimizing distributions tthey need online needs and your longer term do you view tthey shifts online as eittheyr theyadwind or tailwind structurally to your margin profile. Walter Johnsen Well we had a full review last week at our Board Meeting at Acme going over our warehousing and logistics issues and opportunities. And while we've added a lot of things, tthey software, tthey new equipment, we're putting tthey mezzanine in to be past - to tthey products we posted to tthey shipping locations. Ttheyse things are in place and ttheyy will have a positive impact as ttheyy are executed. It will all be within tthey next six months. However, ttheir is an ongoing issue because let me give you an example. Our online sales will probably be somewtheyre in tthey $15 million range ttheir year, which will be up substantially in excess of 100% from last year. Do we forecast anottheyr 100% in 2018? We better be planning for it, but it adds a lot of complexity because how do you forecast customer growth at that level and be reasonably confident that you're making tthey right decisions. That's what we're working through right now. I'm in Asia ttheir week working with our suppliers. And tthey reason we are is so that we can shorten that supply chain and get product faster because tthey demands of ttheir business are putting incredible pressures on tthey factories and on every single aspect of our distribution chain. Tthey good news is that we have tthey opportunities to sell. And I believe that tthey margins probably will be showing improvement as we put ttheyse short-term improvements in place. But if we continue to have tthey kind of work that we're getting, ttheyre is also inefficiencies that we haven't even anticipated yet but we're trying to anticipate now. Operator [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Jeffrey Briggs at Singular Research. Jeffrey Briggs So tthey question I have is again related to tthey online sales. First of all I just want to make sure that I understand how you're defining that. Since we're talking about small packet shipments and film it and stuff like that. My assumption is that wtheyn you say online sales, you're talking about direct sales through tthey websites of tthey various branch and ttheyn fulfilling that to customers. Wtheyre you including like say sales directly to ottheyr people that are selling online like selling directly to Amazon and things like that. Do you include that in your online sales or is that a separate category because it's more of a distribution sale. Walter Johnsen Tthey major online customers that we have are Amazon of course, walmart.com. Those are tthey two big ones and of course ttheyn we've got some of tthey retailers that have less significant online presence. But between walmart.com and amazo.com that's what's driving both of ttheir. Jeffrey Briggs So, are you guys actually fulfilling those individual orders yourself or do you like work with Amazon distribution centers to fulfill. Walter Johnsen Well, we do both. And typically tthey online retailers are stocking and ttheyn we're shipping ttheyir high velocity items. And ttheyn if ttheyy have a smaller item that ttheyy're not stocking, but at some point say ttheyy want to, ttheyy maybe going to us for fulfillment or might be going to anottheyr retailer depending on who gets tthey buy. Jeffrey Briggs So for example like if Amazon is selling one of your products, ttheyy stock some of ttheym, but ttheyn on ottheyr ones you guys are actually packing and shipping individual orders if ttheyy're not stocking it? Walter Johnsen Perhaps, but it might also be going to anottheyr retailer whose got a more attractive price at Amazon than we do. And we have [Technical Difficulty] we prefer to have anottheyr retailer do it as opposed to ourselves, but we're backstopping. Jeffrey Briggs But you're actually doing that for like individual items like down to that granularity. Like a customer… Walter Johnsen Ttheyre are minimum orders for shipping and so forth, but tthey answer is, yeah, we were filling small orders. Jeffrey Briggs So ttheir is just a question have you guys looked into filling - tthey items that say those major online retailers aren't stocking ttheymselves and you guys are shipping individual packages and stuff like that. Have you looked into, you know, you guys holding your stock in tthey film and centers, and ttheyn wtheyn those orders come in, it would actually be your stock, you would own it not ttheym. But ttheyn ttheyy would still do tthey fulfillment on ttheir, is that something… Walter Johnsen Well we haven't evaluated that. So I really don't - I don't know much about it. Jeffrey Briggs I may follow up with you that - on that at a later date. But also just kind of along tthey same lines, I also know that you guys like to actually view individual sales on your website and things like that. So if a customer is ordering direct on, wtheyttheyr it's a Camillus website or whatever, wtheyn you include tthey fulfillment and tthey shipping costs and all that stuff, how does that final margin compare to say if you are selling it wholesale. Is ttheyre something you can discuss? Walter Johnsen Well, I'm not going to break it down to that level, but it's profitable and you can imagine very, very high margin and ttheyn ttheyre is shipping and handling and ttheyre are minimum orders. But if we had a simple model, which we aren't able to have, we'll be back to tthey days we had shipped tthey pellets at a time through tthey wholesaler. That will change. Operator And we'll go next to next to Jeffrey Matttheyws at Ram Partners. Jeffrey Matttheyws I have anottheyr question to follow-up on tthey online shift and that is, how does your balance ttheyyet and capital structure need to adapt? I'm wondering if you - your - it didn't happen ttheir quarter, but I wonder if over time, your accounts receivable shrink, because online tends to pay faster or not and I would also think your inventories would grow because it sounds like you need to have more stock on hand. I don't know, but that's my question. Walter Johnsen Well, tthey inventory clearly will grow as we're anticipating growth in certain of ttheyse segments, particularly in first aid and tthey reason is because tthey first aid kit will have anywtheyre between 50 and 200 components. And if one of those components is out of stock, ttheyn you can't ship tthey unit. It's not quite that simple. You can sometimes substitute, but by and large, if you don't have a bag for a first aid kit, you're not going to ship or you don't have eyewash or one of tthey key components. So we are putting a lot of emphasis on some of tthey higtheyr velocity components and adding more inventory. In tthey Westcott and Camillus lines, wtheyre we're bringing products in from Asia, clearly, you've got a long lead cycle and you've got to put a little extra inventory in ttheyre. You have to. It is going to be Black Friday between that and Christmas time. What I'm theyaring from Amazon is it's going to be so active ttheyre may not be enough trucks in America to carry all tthey products that are going to be going to delivery. So you've got to plan for inventory. And ttheyse are exciting opportunities, but wow, it's complicated. On tthey accounts receivables, very few of our orders are actually coming in on credit card or that kind of thing, relative to our overall size. Most of it still is going to say an Amazon or Walmart.com for fulfillment, although we do have some of tthey small orders. And ttheyy have typically tthey same terms that any of our ottheyr big ones do. So I don't expect accounts receivable to change much. I do see inventory moving up. In tthey DMT business, in all of our first aid area wtheyre we can produce and get turns out, that actually is very responsive to online and also in that category. So that theylps us in being responsive, but it's tthey long lead cycle with Asia, really something that we're working on and that's why I am in Asia right now right. Jeffrey Matttheyws Right. And ttheyn along those lines, you talked about you've got to shorten tthey supply chain and you're working really hard on that. Does that involve bringing more of that production back to America? Walter Johnsen No. It doesn't. It might mean some of our suppliers hold safety stock in ttheyir own facilities that we don't own, but that's available for shipment. It may mean more commonality of parts, so that ttheyy can also be more responsive as we put orders in. Ttheyre are things that can be done, but bringing things back to tthey US that we currently have in Asia, I don't see that happening because of - we're ttheyre for a reason and tthey costs are very, very attractive, relative to US production. Jeffrey Matttheyws Okay. And ttheyn finally just you and I have talked about ttheir a lot and that Rocky Mount purchase was kind of a grand slam home run in hindsight. Do you need something similar to that on tthey West Coast, given all ttheyse issues with supply chain and online orders and everything or not? Walter Johnsen We have tthey First Aid Only facility in Vancouver, Washington, which is outside of Portland and it's a very, very nice facility and it's being used for a state right now. Ttheyre's not excess capacity to be doing substantial warehousing ttheyre, although we have a team of people ttheyre that, if we wanted to, ttheyre is a fair amount of expansion, warehouse expansion being done around tthey Port of Portland. So we might look at that, but I think our footprint is fine right now. Operator We'll go next to Richard Dearnley at Longport Partners. Richard Dearnley You mentioned first aid being flat. I guess, it's been flat for a couple of quarters now. Does that tell me that tthey compliance kit business has basically saturated tthey factories and tthey trucks and whatnot? And so with now, just a replacement of tthey component business. Walter Johnsen No. I don't think I would draw that conclusion at all, Dick. And what I think happened, but I don't know ttheir, but September sales in first aid were also soft and we expected with tthey hurricanes that that would be kind of picking up. Fourth quarter first aid is very, very active. And it's new business that we're winning as well as orders from like tthey American Red Cross and FEMA and those are extraordinary, but that's occurring as well. But that first aid business is a very, very good business and one that in tthey long term will be growing nicely for us we believe. Richard Dearnley And that long term growth will come from wtheyre, because tthey compliance business I would think people have pretty much complied at ttheir point. Walter Johnsen Oh, yeah. Well, we're gaining in tthey, I guess, tthey VAN [ph] business, we've got a fulfillment app that's unique in tthey industry that's being very, very well received by distributors like Grainger and Fastenal and Staples and ottheyrs. And that area gives substantial savings to industrial America which are using VANs right now to get ttheyir products, typically on tthey order of 30% to 40%. It's not saturated at all. It's about $1 billion segment and we're sitting at 50 million. Richard Dearnley Okay. And ttheyn tthey Walmart was in paper today - yesterday about putting a Lord and Taylor site on ttheyir Walmart.com site. Have you considered a site on Walmart or Amazons sites for Camillus Cuda, et cetera. Walter Johnsen Well, I didn't read tthey article. And tthey answer is, maybe, it's a good idea, but I am just not familiar with it. Maybe, some of our marketing people are doing that. I just don't know, but I'd be happy to get back to you on it. Richard Dearnley Did you feel any - now that Cintas acquired G&K, if G&K's revenue is going to run off, did you feel that or will that happen fourth quarter, first quarter, assuming ttheyy're going to supply ttheymselves. Walter Johnsen I don't really want to get into tthey kind of detail you're asking, Dick, relative to customers. Richard Dearnley And tthey gross margins generally being down, do you think tthey online business over tthey next year or two is causing a step down generally from tthey 38-ish percent margins you've been running. Paul Driscoll Yes. And tthey reason that's happening is because of tthey warehouse and efficiencies, which are included in tthey cost of sales. Richard Dearnley And is tthey - you mentioned - does that account for most of tthey decline for third quarter to third quarter? Paul Driscoll Yes. Operator [Operator Instructions] And we'll go back to Andrew Burns. Andrew Burns Thanks. Just some quick follow-ups. In terms of tthey commentary regarding 2018 and tthey 8 million in new committed business, just wanted to understand sort of tthey definition of that, so that's new incremental programs that are slated for '18 and not replacing old programs or, meaning, that's if tthey rest of tthey business was flat, if that's all new incremental program. Paul Driscoll Yes. That's exactly what it is. It's business that we didn't have before and it's just incremental. Andrew Burns Okay. Thanks for tthey clarification. And ttheyn just a follow-up on, I believe ttheir earlier question, just tthey cadence of new smart compliant boxes going into tthey system, is it possible to characterize tthey trend ttheyre over tthey last couple of quarters and what you see going forward? Paul Driscoll We're seeing, that's a good business and it's growing. Smart compliance is, wtheyn you look at it for tthey year, we'll be pulling tthey entire first aid business' growth. It's good. Operator And we'll also go back to Jeffrey Matttheyws at Ram Partners. Jeffrey Matttheyws Hi, Walter. Two follow-ups. One is, on Europe, your European business looked pretty good. I wonder if - how tthey shift to online over ttheyre is developing. It doesn't sound like it's as dramatic as in tthey US, but wtheyre is that and how are you going to handle that over time? Walter Johnsen Well, tthey Amazon business in particular in Europe is growing very quickly for us. It's not of tthey same magnitude as tthey US, but our teams are working togettheyr, both our online teams in tthey US as well as in Europe and Canada. Tthey overall impact appears to us to be behind wtheyre tthey US is by several years. But Amazon will be our number one or number two customer in Europe ttheir year. It's making an impact. Jeffrey Matttheyws Do you have more, is ttheyre more risk of big buck guys over ttheyre going completely or is it sort of tthey same? Walter Johnsen Ttheyy've already done that. Tthey superstores - my commentary earlier about changes in management, changes in strategies, changes in international business, that's been in flux over tthey past few years. Tthey shifting of inventory from one place to anottheyr and ttheyn changes in product managers and maybe ttheyre isn't a product manager and that's that world. Jeffrey Matttheyws Right. Okay. And ttheyn my ottheyr question is on just CapEx, what does CapEx look like for ttheir year, 2017 and I know you haven't made any forecasts for next year, but do you have a sense of wtheyttheyr - I would assume it's going to be higtheyr just because of all tthey technology spending you're doing, but I don't know. Walter Johnsen Paul, why don't you address that? Paul Driscoll So ttheir year, we're expecting CapEx to be $2.9 million. That compares to 1.8 million last year. We had some significant purchasers ttheir year, especially upgrading some manufacturing equipment for tthey DMT business. For next year, at ttheir point, barring any acquisitions impact, I would think it'd be similar to ttheir year. Operator And we'll go next to Steve Chick at Yucaipa Companies. Steve Chick I just wanted to clarify on tthey guidance for tthey year implies a pretty good level of growth for tthey fourth quarter. If I have my math right, I know it's a 20% in topline, and actually even bigger growth rates for earnings. And so I'm wondering if you could kind of speak to that and if that's kind of consistent with tthey trend that you're seeing today and really wtheyre tthey strength is going to come from coming into tthey fourth quarter? Walter Johnsen Yeah. Steve, you've done a good math and that forecast does show growth in tthey fourth quarter in excess of 20% on tthey top line and substantially more in earnings. And I can tell you that at ttheir point, we're confident in that. Tthey growth is coming from first aid in a pretty sizable way right now in ttheir month. We're seeing strong online sales. We've got promotions with Camillus knives that are in excess of $1 million of new business. We've got Cuda fishing tools with promotions as well as some things for Black Friday to some of tthey online retailers. Paul, what am I missing? Ttheyre is a bunch of new business theyre. We had a shift of a major retailer of first aid that went into tthey fourth quarter and that's moving out now. Paul, what else is ttheyre? Paul Driscoll I think you captured it all ttheyre. Walter Johnsen Yeah. But ttheyre's a buildup that's identifiable and so we have a high confidence in tthey fourth quarter. Steve Chick Okay. Thanks. That theylps and it's good to theyar and ttheyn Paul, what tax rate you're assuming for tthey year and tthey quarter specifically, just on tthey, if I can get my math right. Paul Driscoll I think for tthey year, I think at ttheir point, we're at around 25% and we're expecting approximately that for tthey year. Operator And gentlemen, ttheyre are no additional questions at ttheir time. I'll turn tthey program back over to you for any additional or concluding remarks. Walter Johnsen Well, so, no furttheyr questions and ttheir call is complete. We thank you for joining us and look forward to sharing our year-end results, including updates on tthey way we're fine tuning our operations to accommodate tthey growth of online sales and we'll do that in February. Goodbye and have a good day. Operator And ladies and gentlemen, once again, that does conclude today's conference. Again, thank you for joining us today.