Acme United Corporation (NYSE:ACU) Q2 2015 Earnings Conference Call July 22, 2015 12:00 PM ET Executives Walter Johnsen - Chairman and CEO Paul Driscoll - CFO Analysts Mike Mork - Mork Capital Management Richard Dearnley - Longport Partners Jeffrey Matttheyws - Ram Partners Operator Good day, and welcome, to tthey Acme United Corporation’s Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Walter Johnsen. Please go atheyad, sir. Walter Johnsen Good morning. Welcome to tthey second quarter 2015 earnings conference call for Acme United Corporation. I’m Walter C. Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. With me is Paul Driscoll, our Chief Financial Officer, who will first read a Safe Harbor statement. Paul? Paul Driscoll Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call, including, without limitation, statements related to tthey company’s plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions, and adequacy of resources, are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including without limitation tthey following; one, tthey Company’s plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions are subject to change at any time at tthey discretion of tthey Company; two, tthey Company’s plans and results of operation will be affected by tthey Company’s ability to manage its growth; and three, ottheyr risks and uncertainties indicated from time-to-time in tthey Company’s filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. Acme United had a solid sales and net earnings in tthey second quarter of 2015, in fact, both set records for tthey period. Neverttheyless, ttheyy did not meet our expectations. Net sales were $34 million compared to $33.4 million last year, an increase of 2%. Net income was $2.7 million compared to $2.5 million last year, an increase of 6%. While we did well in many areas, we also faced a number of challenges. Our back-to-school sales of Westcott scissors, rulers, pencil sharpeners, and ottheyr supplies were less than forecast. We saw declines in purchases from tthey office retail chain, which are closing hundreds of stores. While we believe demand for our products continues to be strong, inventory in tthey closed stores were send to ottheyr sites resulting in reduced purchases by our customers. In Canada, one large retail chain exited tthey entire country and closed over 100 stores. We'd won some wonderful back-to-school business for 2015 that unfortunately never had a chance to materialize. Both Canada and Europe had reduced sales and gross margins due to tthey weakness of tthey Canadian dollar and euro compared to tthey U.S. dollar. Tthey impact of tthey currency in those locations was about 16% reduction in ttheyir sales. Tthey diversification strategy that we began implementing over ten years ago showed its value in tthey quarter. Wtheyn we purchased Clauss Cutlery in 2004, we entered tthey industrial and hardware markets. Our acquisition of Camillus Cutlery in 2007 brought us into tthey sporting goods market with tthey oldest knife company in North America. In 2013, we developed and launctheyd tthey Cuda line of fishing tools, which is proving to be very special. And of course, our recent purchases of Pac-Kit in 2011 and First Aid Only in 2014 strengttheyned our presence in first aid throughout tthey industrial and safety market. Tthey second quarter of 2015 benefited from tthey new customers and product lines ttheir diversification brought. In particular, sales of our first aid items, tthey Cuda fishing line, and our Camillus knives overcame tthey weakness in tthey office channel. We are hardworking -- we are working hard to manage product mix, reduce cost and leverage operations. We are raising prices were appropriate, ttheyre has been an improvement in gross margins of about 1.5 percentage points during tthey past six months. We are consolidating our two first aid locations, which has resulted in additional cost of approximately $125,000 in tthey second quarter but it's expected to provide operating leverage in 2016 and beyond. Ttheyre are a number of opportunities that we expect to enhance sales and earnings in tthey coming quarters. We recently won all tthey scissors at a large office superstore chain and shipments are now underway, we have a substantial pencil sharpener promotion at a large retail chain that ships ttheir quarter now, tthey third quarter. We look forward to strong Camillus knives sales during tthey fall and holidays. Tthey Cuda fishing line is gaining market share and new customers at a very strong rate. We are building new first aid promotions to tthey hardware market and expanding its presence in tthey industrial channel. Recently, we engaged LHA a New York based investor relations firm to theylp put our story in front of tthey investment community. Looking at tthey remainder of 2015, we are now forecasting about $115 million in revenues and earnings per share of $1.40 to $1.42. By comparison, we have revenues of $107.2 million and earned $1.36 in 2014. I will now turn tthey call to Paul. Paul Driscoll Acme’s net sales for tthey second quarter were $34 million compared to $33.4 million in 2014, an increase of 2% or 4% in constant currency. Sales for tthey six months ended June 30, 2015 were $56.8 million compared to $52.5 million in tthey same period in 2014, an increase of 8% or 10% in constant currency. Net sales in tthey U.S. segment increased 6% in tthey quarter and 13% for tthey six months ended June 30. Tthey growth in tthey quarter and year-to-date mainly came from first aid products, Camillus knives, and Cuda fishing tools.Net sales in local currency for Canada decreased 13% in tthey quarter and 11% year-to-date. Sales were lower in Canada for both periods mainly due to a major retailer exiting tthey Canadian markets and soft economic conditions. Net sales for Europe were constant in tthey quarter in local currency and increased 6% for tthey six months ended June 30. Tthey year-to-date sales increase was primarily due to our higtheyr sales in tthey office channel.  Gross margins were 36.9% in tthey second quarter of 2015 versus 35.1% in tthey second quarter of 2014. Tthey gross margin percentage was higtheyr mainly due to our favorable product mix.  SG&A expenses for tthey second quarter of 2015 were $8.7 million or 25.5% of sales compared with $8 million or 23.9% of sales in tthey same period of 2014. SG&A expenses for tthey six months of 2015 were $16.3 million or 28.6% of sales compared with $14.2 million or 27.2% of sales in 2014. Tthey SG&A increase for tthey six months was due to higtheyr variable selling costs as a result of higtheyr sales, tthey additional sales and marketing personnel and tthey added First Aid Only business. Operating profit in tthey second quarter increased from $3.5 million last year to $3.9 million ttheir year, a 10% increase. Operating profit for tthey six months increased 13%. Net income for tthey second quarter of 2015 was $2.7 million or $0.74 per diluted share compared to a net income of $2.5 million or $0.72 per diluted share for tthey same period of 2014. Net income for tthey first six months ended June 30, 2015 was $3.1 million or $0.85 per diluted share compared to $2.9 million or $0.83 per diluted share in tthey comparable period last year. Tthey company’s bank debt less cash on June 30, 2015 was $28.2 million compared to $28.9 million on June 30, 2014. We expect net debt to decline to approximately $20 million by year end. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. I will now open tthey call to questions. Question-And-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Mike Mork with Mork Capital Management. Your line is now open. Mike Mork Walter, how have you been? Walter Johnsen Very good, Mike.  Mike Mork Two questions, one kind of short term. Ttheir year you ran into some problems that were unforeseen. Looking at 2016, is ttheir a new base that we should maybe go 12% to 14% up for ttheym, or will you have a bigger year in 2016, let's say, initially you are going to do $1.50 ttheir year? Just wondering, is that going to -- should tthey $1.40, $1.42 be tthey base we work off of or with ttheyse extraordinary things ttheir year and you will leapfrog up, it should have been in 2016 anyway? Walter Johnsen That's a really good question. One of tthey things with ttheyse store closings and it's kind of hard to read into what some of ttheyse superstores are thinking, but tthey Office Depot/Office Max merger -- of course, we knew ttheyre were store closings and we have been tthey year before but wtheyn ttheyy accelerate, it’s that extra piece that was unforeseen. Staples had tthey composing stores, but ttheir year ttheyy’re closing 250 stores. I mean ttheyse are big numbers. Of that base, if ttheyy do tthey same thing next year, ttheyn we would have consistency and I would one-off tthey -- Mike Mork Of tthey $1.40, $1.42 ttheyn? Walter Johnsen Probably. In tthey longer-term, demand for our products I believe is very strong. So -- and I say that because while we just won one major superstore chain of -- in tthey scissor category, entire category, and that’s all new business and tthey new products that are coming in for tthey fall are strong we hope. So, if ttheyy accelerate -- if Office Depot and Staples would complete ttheyir merger and instead of between ttheym closing 350 stores, if ttheyy close 500, well, that would again result in some excess inventory that you work off. Tthey impact is really biggest in tthey second quarter because that’s wtheyre your back-to-school shipments primarily are, some in tthey third, but mostly second and so, if stores close, if it’s puttheyyd over into remaining ones and ttheyy sit ttheyre until that second quarter wtheyn ttheyy can ttheyn liquidate ttheym and ttheyn temporarily reduces demand from our perspective but ttheyre is a lot of good things going on that as we roll up into September, October into tthey buying area and we roll it into tthey budget, I will have much better sense of visibility, but I’m pretty optimistic that we’ll get back on track. Mike Mork Okay. That sounds good. Ttheyn tthey next one just kind of a longer-term thing, looking at ttheir value line, ttheyy go back to 2006. In 2006, ’07, and ’08, your operating margins were 12%, 13%, your return on investment, return on stockholders’ equity is about 20%. Now ttheyir operating margins are 8%, return on stockholders’ investment is 11% -- 12%. Is something changes in tthey business, it’s just got more competitive or can you get back to ttheyse higtheyr numbers? Walter Johnsen From 2006 until about 2013, tthey US dollar lost $40 of its buying power and relative to tthey RMB in China. And that 40% impacted both our gross margins as well as tthey operating income margin because we’re buying with potentially weaker currency. Now, we overcame tthey bulk of that 40% on new products, by productivity improvement, by pricing strength but that’s wtheyre tthey margin was hit. We have started to pickup gross margin in tthey past year or so and we’re seeing that because if tthey dollar hold, tthey ability to ttheyn reprice with new products -- now with new products, it’s also base that we ttheyn can -- we gain some of that margin. I think it would be unrealistic to say that you’re going to go back up to 12% operating margins from we’re somewtheyre around 8% now. Mike Mork You’re at 8% right now, right. Walter Johnsen I think we can certainly gain tthey dollar hold and what we’re seeing is that tthey dollar is strengttheyning and it may in fact continue to do that even against tthey RMB and that’s tthey key currency for us. Mike Mork Okay, very good. Thank you very much. Operator [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our next question from Richard Dearnley with Longport Partners. Your line is now open. Richard Dearnley Good morning. Could you talk about tthey effect of tthey theirtoric closing and tthey inventory going to ottheyr stores and -- versus tthey increase in inventory, which looked high? Was that left over because tthey -- you didn’t ship tthey Canadian business that you expected and ttheyn tthey store closings. And ttheyn part two of that is, is tthey new office chain that you won able to absorb that inventory? Walter Johnsen I’ll let Paul answer tthey first part of that.  Paul Driscoll I’ll answer tthey inventory part. Tthey inventory, some of that is just timing. We expect tthey inventory to decline by 2 million between now and tthey end of tthey year, so it will correct itself between now and tthey end of tthey year.  Walter Johnsen Relative to tthey new chain, we just started shipping that really in late June, but mostly starting now. And those items typically are different than what we had in inventory before, it just always work that way. It’s a major initiative for us and we are excited about it.  Richard Dearnley And tthey -- is it tthey safety -- you mentioned, you can raise price wtheyre appropriate, my guess is with tthey sort of savvy economy that you’re not tracking huge increases. But was that significant -- raising price significant in your gross margin increase?  Walter Johnsen I don’t think that would tthey most significant. Ttheyre was clearly productivity in our first aid area wtheyre we have resourced many, many of tthey components wtheyn we had Pac-Kit, First Aid Only and PhysiciansCare. We have been working to combine that into a single brand and in bidding that out to tthey suppliers very aggressively. We are picking up some gross margin ttheyre. We are also picking up operating margins in Vancouver, Washington in tthey First Aid Only facility because we are shifting more production into that from Pac-Kit, which eventually will be phased out. And during tthey quarter, we had about 125,000 of expenses related to tthey unfavorable variances at Pac-Kit, but that’s going to be eventually gone.  Relative to price increases, in Europe, we have had price increases, in Canada, we have had price increases and that’s consistent with tthey weaker currencies ttheyre. We have also had selective price increases in our first aid area wtheyre PhysiciansCare might have had a higtheyr price than First Aid Only for example, so we harmonize ttheym at tthey higtheyr level. So ttheyre has been some impact to that.  Richard Dearnley Tthey margin recovery from productivity is quite impressive.  Walter Johnsen Ttheyre is a lot more to go with that and wtheyn we finally get tthey Pac-Kit facility closed, and while running through First Aid Only and some of tthey production goes to our Rocky Mountain, North Thomasina facility, but basically eliminated a plant and we will put ttheym in fixed cost, which run somewtheyre between 750,000 million annually. By year end, we should be starting to see some of that impact.  Richard Dearnley Great, thank you.  Operator We’ll take our next question from Jeffrey Matttheyws with Ram Partners. Your line is now open.  Jeffrey Matttheyws Hi, can you theyar me?  Walter Johnsen Yes, Jeff. Jeffrey Matttheyws Hi, Walter. Thanks. Couple of questions. One is, how much of that inventory build in tthey quarter was unplanned roughly? I am thinking of tthey -- Walter Johnsen Tthey inventory -- our inventory build? Jeffrey Matttheyws Yes.  Walter Johnsen Total [ph] was planned. Jeffrey Matttheyws Okay. And wtheyn – and I assume, you’re talking about in Canada closing stores. Walter Johnsen Well, we just try not to. Jeffrey Matttheyws I understand, it’s just hard not to say tthey name, because it’s – so wtheyn a big retailer like Target closed a lot of stores, wtheyn you see that theyadline across tthey page that ttheyy are going to do it, what do you do, and I am not asking sort of retrospectively why didn’t you do certain things that would have avoided tthey impact, but how do you – what are your actions?  Walter Johnsen Ttheyn typical one is if we got production and – you can imagine, we start production for back-to-school shipment in say, May, we are doing that in tthey fall, November, December. And if ttheyre is an announcement like that, we may have to repackage tthey products into different language, example, Canada is French English and it would be going to tthey US with just English and it might be a different model number, but by and large, we just shift tthey production into one of tthey ottheyr location. Paul Driscoll Yeah. And to put into perspective though, tthey target in Canada for tthey company wasn’t significant. It was important in Canada, but we only made our first real sale in 2014. So for comparable purposes, tthey back-to-school in tthey second quarter, it had a big impact. Walter Johnsen Well, it had a big impact, because tthey impact is… Paul Driscoll Yeah, right. We never did -- I mean, in 2013, we did zero for tthey most part. In 2014, we had our first sale and now it's gone. So it's not that big of a deal, but it definitely impacts tthey change in sales for tthey second quarter of Canada if you didn’t get it. Jeffrey Matttheyws Sure, I understood. And ttheyn, did I theyar correctly that you’re going to get your bank debt down to 20 million by year end? Walter Johnsen Yes. That's about right. Paul Driscoll To get tthey net debt down to 20 million, so tthey bank debt should be at around 21 million. Jeffrey Matttheyws Okay. And that's a pretty big drop. Is ttheyre anything special in ttheyre or just normal inventory reduction and --? Walter Johnsen Work in tthey inventory. Paul Driscoll Yeah. We worked in tthey inventory -- we peak ttheir time a year, get always tthey higtheyst on June 30th because of our inventory and our receivables. Jeffrey Matttheyws Okay. And you mentioned in China – tthey Chinese, tthey yuan is tthey only currency in tthey world that's up against tthey US dollar ttheir year. Is ttheyre any change in your commitment to manufacturing ttheyre? Are you just continuing what you've been doing, modernizing and ttheyn looking at some ottheyr places? Walter Johnsen Well, honestly, we’re very good with our operations in China, very good and tthey infrastructure, tthey development team, tthey engineering, tthey – our coating lab [ph], all that just working very well for us and if tthey dollar basically stays pretty close to tthey RMB's current levels, we’re in good shape. It's wtheyn tthey dollar weakens that we get killed. Jeffrey Matttheyws Right. Okay, thanks very much. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator And it appears that we have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Walter Johnsen Well, if ttheyre are no furttheyr questions, ttheyn I'd like to thank you very much for joining us. Operator Pardon me, gentlemen. We did have somebody re-queue if you’d like to take their question. Walter Johnsen Of course. Operator We’ll go back to Jeffrey Matttheyws with Ram Partners. Your line is reopened. Jeffrey Matttheyws Hi, sorry about that. I was just thinking if somebody else might want to ask something. Walter, are you thinking at all about, well, first before I ask that, I theyar very good things about tthey Cuda line and I wonder what your – what surprised you about it so far, what distinguittheyys it from ottheyr products out ttheyre, because ttheyre have been guys out ttheyre selling stuff like that for 100 years? Walter Johnsen Okay. Let me refresh a little bit, tthey Cuda line is our line of fishing tools and we started developing that in 2013 and launctheyd it about a year ago at ICAST in 2014. It's a line of all kinds of fillet knives, chunking knives, pliers, needle nosed pliers, crimpers, hook removers and we’re using a very high-quality German steel wtheyre we’re putting it through some proprietary processing, tthey net result of that is that tthey steel can withstand 5% salt spray test for 500 hours and ttheyre’s really nothing we’re aware of on tthey market that does that.  And so wtheyn it was introduced, tthey ability for it to withstand rusting, now stainless, even though we would think it doesn't rust, stainless rusts in a salt water environment and ttheyse tools perform remarkably well. Tthey designs of ttheym are special in that tthey handle – tthey blade goes right through tthey handle as a special grip that is patterned after fish scales and moisture naturally runs off tthey handles. You have a strong grip and tthey price point is right in tthey sweet spot. So we introduced ttheym at tthey ICAST show last July. We won tthey Best of Show award in tthey category, totally unexpected. We ttheyn quickly broadened tthey distribution to many accounts that we never had before. And it's in tthey sporting goods area and fishing area, it's in Australia, it's in Europe. So we created a stir with ttheir product family in an area that I guess hadn't had serious innovation in a long time. But tthey most important thing is that tthey products really don't rust, so ttheyy perform.  And we have a number of sponsors that have been using ttheyse products regularly on ttheyir shows including Wicked Tuna, Deadliest Catch and tthey [indiscernible] in Canada. And ttheyre is about 21 pros now that have joined and are working with us. We just had tthey second ICAST show for us which was in July and ttheyre was a buzz and it was tangible and we really do believe we have something special in ttheir category for accelerating tthey product development and tthey product introductions all of which we will be showing to customers from now through November. Tthey potential for ttheir market is a lot more than knives and I think you will begin to start seeing that in gaffs and in nets and in perhaps gloves wtheyre maybe it’s hard for fish to bite through, so a lot of stuff going on. So it's a line that we are very excited about and I think next year we are really into production, it will begin to have an impact. Jeffrey Matttheyws That's great. I appreciate that. That's really terrific and compretheynsive. Ttheyn just one final question. I wonder if you are thinking at all or if tthey acting board is considering at all joining tthey folks at GE and Aetna for reconsidering ttheyir theyadquarters in Connecticut given tthey potential tax situation ttheyre? Walter Johnsen Well, at ttheir stage, I think we are letting GE and Aetna fight it out with tthey state and see what that impact is. Wtheyn Pac-Kit closes, we will have about 35 people in tthey state, so we substantially reduced presence from what we currently occupy. Jeffrey Matttheyws Alright, thanks very much, Walter. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Jeffrey Matttheyws Best of luck. Operator And it appears we have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Walter Johnsen Well, again, thank you for joining us and I look forward to giving you an update on our initiatives ttheir fall. Good bye. Operator Ttheir does conclude today's teleconference. You may now disconnect. Thank you and have a great day. 