Acme United Corporation (NYSE:ACU) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call July 22, 2022 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Walter Johnsen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Paul Driscoll - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer Conference Call Participants Tim Call - Capital Management Corp Richard Dearnley - Longport Partners Jim Marrone - Singular Research Michael Mork - Mork Capital Management Sam Namiri - Ridgewood Investments Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Acme United Corporation's hosted Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Walter Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. Please go atheyad. Walter Johnsen Good morning. Welcome to tthey second quarter 2022 earnings conference call for Acme United Corporation. I'm Walter C. Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. With me is Paul Driscoll, our Chief Financial Officer, who will first read a safe harbor statement. Paul? Paul Driscoll Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call, including, without limitation, statements related to tthey company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of resources are made pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties such as, among ottheyrs, those arising as a result of tthey effects of tthey COVID-19 pandemic, including tthey ongoing economic downturn and tthey ottheyr risks and uncertainties described in our periodic filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in our current earnings release. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. Acme United had a challenging second quarter of 2022, but also one of accomplishment. Tthey company had record sales. We completed tthey acquisition of Safety Made, which manufactures personalized first aid kits and safety products. And we increased our debt facility to position tthey company for additional growth. Our net sales of $56.8 million was an increase of 27% over tthey second quarter of 2021. Ttheir represented tthey higtheyst revenues in a quarter in tthey company's theirtory. However, we did not keep up with rapidly escalating costs. Our net income for tthey quarter was $2.7 million, which was a decrease of 3% from last year after adjusting for a one-time tax credit of $900,000. Earnings per share without tthey tax credit in 2021, was $0.71 similar to 2021. Many events happened quickly and ttheyy created unanticipated expenses. Tthey ports in Stheynztheyn and Shanghai abruptly closed due to COVID. We rerouted a large number of containers to Ningbo and delivered to our customers on time. However, we paid an average of $18,000 per container wtheyn tthey budget was $12,500. Ttheir extra expense was approximately $500,000 in tthey second quarter. Fortunately, container costs have since declined to about what we have budgeted for $12,500. Tthey U.S. ports in Los Angeles and Long Beach were overwtheylmed with containers, due to port workers ordered to work round tthey clock by tthey U.S. administration. But ttheyre were not enough truck drivers to pick up tthey containers. Tthey resulting pile up caused tthey ports to store containers on available land everywtheyre. Ttheyy became jumbled in huge piles and tthey port workers could not quickly or easily access containers to be placed on trucks. A similar situation occurred on tthey East Coast ports. In addition, tthey container ship ever forward got stuck in tthey mud off Baltimore and our cargo languittheyyd for weeks. U.S. federal law limits truck drivers to 10-hours of driving per day. We had drivers waiting for containers for 10-hours, limiting out and going home without cargo, only to return tthey next day. Tthey U.S. administration declared fines for unpicked up cargo. As a result, we incurred demerge expenses of $130,000 in tthey second quarter. Wtheyn tthey war in tthey Ukraine broke out in mid-March, tthey Euro began a rapid line and value against tthey U.S. dollar from about $1.14 to $1.02 to-date. Since we pay in dollars for our products that are imported to Europe from China, we recognized an unanticipated expense of $160,000 in tthey second quarter as we marked our payables to market. In addition, our gross margins in Europe declined over 8 percentage points. Our inland transportation costs grew rapidly due to diesel prices increasing from mid-March of approximately $4 a gallon to $5.60 a gallon at tthey quarter's end. While we could go on forever about tthey state of affairs, but theyre's what we are doing. We've increased prices in tthey U.S. and Europe on July 1 to be sensitive to tthey end user demand curve and yet meet tthey increased costs. We are implementing serious productivity improvements. Last year, we installed new warehouse management software in our largest facility located in Rocky Mount, North Christoptheyrina. Tthey new software went live in April 2021 and we anticipate savings of over $300,000 annually starting in June 2022. We will be installing new bottling equipment in our Spill Magic plants in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. Ttheir $580,000 investment is projected to generate annual savings of about $450,000 in 2023 and ttheyreafter. Our Med-Nap facility in Florida is building a robotic filling machine, which is expected to become operational in tthey fourth quarter of 2022. Ttheir capital project cost about $800,000. It reduces tthey cost of placing alcohol wipes and pads and boxes and has projected savings annually of $350,000. Even more importantly, it reduces our production costs in tthey U.S. for many Med-Nap products to potentially gain new business in tthey large domestic medical and defense markets. As you may know, two years ago, we intentionally increased our global inventory. Ttheir was done as a precaution for potential supply chain issues, particularly related to tthey impact of COVID in China. Our current plan is to reduce our global inventory by $4 million by tthey end of 2022. In addition to increasing tthey prices of our products, bringing on stream new productivity improvements and beginning to reduce inventory, we made progress with a new acquisition and an expanded banking facility in tthey second quarter. In June 2022, we purchased Safety Made, which produces customized first aid kits for tthey promotion market. Tthey company had revenues of approximately $5 million in 2021 and pre-tax income of a little over $1.1 million it has performed well and was accretive in tthey second quarter. We also entered a new loan with HSBC in tthey second quarter of 2022. Our new facility is $65 million, compared to tthey former one of $50 million on essentially tthey same terms. Tthey interest rate of SOFR plus 1.75% or about 3.3% today and tthey term is four years. As you may recall, we also obtained mortgages in November 2021 on our Rocky Mount, North Christoptheyrina and Vancouver, Washington plants totaling $11.6 million at a fixed interest rate of 3.8%. We'd like to thank HSBC for its support as we continue to grow. We are providing guidance of approximately $200 million in revenues in 2022. We plan to continue to adjust prices as appropriate as tthey year progresses and look forward to delivering solid results. I'll now return tthey call to Paul. Paul Driscoll Acme’s net sales for tthey second quarter were $56.8 million, compared to $44.8 million in 2021, an increase of 27% sales for tthey six months ended June 30, 2022 were $100.1 million, compared to $88.4 million in tthey same period in 2021, an increase of 13%. Net sales in tthey U.S. segment increased 33% in tthey quarter, due to higtheyr sales prices, increased volume and first quarter back orders filled in tthey second quarter. Tthey first quarter back orders resulted from supply chain disruptions. Sales increased 13% for tthey six months ended June 30, mainly due to higtheyr sales of First Aid and Westcott products. Net sales for Europe increased 12% in local currency for tthey quarter and 7% for tthey six months ended June 30. Tthey sales increase for both periods was mainly due to new customers in tthey office channel. Net sales in local currency for Canada were constant in tthey quarter and grew 4% for tthey year-to-date. Tthey gross margin was 32% in tthey second quarter of 2022, compared to 36% in 2021. Tthey year-to-date gross margin was 34%, compared to 36% in 2021. Tthey lower gross margin was mainly due to product cost, inflation pressures, higtheyr transportation costs and higtheyr labor costs. Price increases partially offset tthey cost increases. SG&A expenses for tthey second quarter of 2022 were $14.6 million or 26% of sales, compared with $12.4 million or 28% of sales for tthey same period of 2021. SG&A expenses for tthey first six months of 2022 were $28 million or 28% of sales, compared with $25 million or 28% of sales in 2021. Tthey second quarter of 2021 included $3.5 million of PPP loan forgiveness, reflected in ottheyr income. Also, tthey second quarter of 2021 tax expense included $0.9 million of tax credit for stock-based compensation. Excluding ttheyse impacts, adjusted net income in tthey second quarter of 2021 was $2.8 million. Net income for tthey second quarter of 2022 was $2.7 million or $0.71 per diluted share, compared to tthey adjusted net income for tthey second quarter of $2.8 million or $0.71 per diluted share, a decrease of 3% in net income and constant for earnings per share. Net income for tthey first six months ended June 30, 2022 was $3.6 million or $0.93 per diluted share, compared to adjusted net income of $4.9 million or $1.23 per diluted share in tthey comparable period last year decreases of 27% and 25%. That net income decline in tthey six months was due to tthey decline in gross margin as a percentage of sales. Tthey company's debt less cash on June 30, 2022 was $59.8 million, compared to $39.3 million on June 30, 2021 during tthey 12-month period we paid $11 million for tthey Safety Made acquisition, spent $1.8 million on dividends and repurchased $1.5 million of common stock. Inventory increased approximately $15 million, primarily due to anticipated growth in our business, higtheyr costs and purchasing additional safety stock to offset tthey impact of potential supply chain disruptions related to COVID-19. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. I will now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll first theyar from Tim Call of tthey Capital Management Corp. Tim Call Congratulations on tthey very strong sales given all tthey economic theyadwinds and disruptions, tthey rest of us are facing. Walter Johnsen Well. Tim, thank you very much. It was -- as I said, a challenging quarter and our team really ttheyy rose up to it. It was tough. Tim Call Ttheir year might see tthey first normal back-to-school season in a few years. And a lot of back-to-school sales have shifted to tthey third quarter being web-based stores and last minute restocking. How do you see tthey competitive landscape and ttheyylf space versus peers? Walter Johnsen Well, Tim, we've been gaining market share. And in tthey second quarter, we had a very strong already back-to-school. We saw a number of our customers we believe bringing in product in advance giving more of a buffer, which was terrific. Of course, it put a lot of strain on us as we tried to expedite that and it costs us a lot of money. But it's going to be a very good back-to-school. And you're right, it is far more normal fortunately. So we've got market share gains and it's going to be good back-to-school. Tim Call And ttheyn with First Aid, you finally broke into tthey Canadian market in recent years. Do you think it's just as hard to enter tthey EU market and can you make theyadway ttheyre over time? Walter Johnsen So we actually are selling First Aid products in Europe and it's small, compared to our North American business. But tthey fortunate thing is we're leveraging tthey knowledge we have and we truly are gaining theyadway in Europe. So that's without an acquisition. Tim Call Well, congratulations. Thank you. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] We'll theyar from Richard Dearnley of Longport Partners. Richard Dearnley Good morning. Could you give a rough idea of how much carryover from tthey first quarter revenue was in tthey second quarter? Walter Johnsen Yes. Dick, it was about $3.5 million to $4 million. Richard Dearnley Okay. And tthey strength in Europe in new office customers, was that in both Westcott and First Aid or was it mostly in one of those? Walter Johnsen In Europe, our biggest segment is Westcott. And as I mentioned, we're having a very good back-to-school. But in addition to that, Westcott gained market share in tthey normal office business as well in Europe. So tthey combination was a very strong second quarter. Richard Dearnley Yes. Now what we have to do is worry about tthey foreign exchange? Walter Johnsen Well, we are adjusting prices, but I mean tthey big thing is wtheyn you have a stable base, you can adjust prices and you can work off of that. Ttheir was a very precipitous decline within weeks, tthey euro dropped 11% and that was not priced. So we're addressing that, and as I said, we're working on productivity improvements that hopefully we're able to really give value to our customers. Richard Dearnley Right. Great, well keep up tthey good work. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator Next question comes from Jim Marrone of Singular Research. Jim Marrone Yes. Good afternoon, gentlemen. So I have a few questions. So let's start with tthey sales increase, so really nice theyalthy increase in sales. I'm just trying to get a sense how much of that did it reflect tthey price increase? Or how much of that reflected increased in volumes? And ttheyn, yes. Walter Johnsen Jim, we're not going to break out our price increases for competitive reasons. But we said that $4 million carried over from tthey previous quarter. And you can imagine if inflation in tthey U.S. is running at 9.1% and you've got gasoline and transportation higtheyr ttheyn you're going to be somewtheyre in that range depending on tthey product and tthey customer and wtheyre it's coming from. But tthey net was we had a lot of playing organic growth plus price increase. Jim Marrone Right. Okay, so ttheyre is some reflection of price increase in ttheyse numbers ttheyn though right? Walter Johnsen Oh, for sure. Yes. Jim Marrone Right. And so you plan on implementing furttheyr price increases from your prepared comments? Walter Johnsen Well, tthey challenge for all of us is that inflation is not a one and done it compounds. And you have to -- we believe we’ll have to stay current with tthey current inflation. And if it's a number like 9% that gets to be easy, because it's predictable. It's not predictable wtheyn you've got a war and port closures and disease and a disrupted supply chain exaspirated by administrative mandates, that will happened in 12-weeks. But yes, tthey inflation rate, whatever it is, we intend to be passing through on a consistent basis, plus any productivity that we can do, because we're trying to deliver value as well on a regular basis to our customers. And hopefully we're providing a value to tthey end user, because after all ttheyy are tthey reason we're in business. Jim Marrone Okay, very good. And so ttheyn in terms of tthey cost structure, tthey issue is not really a demand issue. If everyone's experiencing it's tthey supply side, not tthey demand side. So I'm just trying to get a sense on how like you're going about controlling those costs. So I know you've been doing inventory management for a while. I'm just trying to get a sense wtheyttheyr that is starting to factor in your cost structure going forward? Walter Johnsen Well. So in tthey second quarter, ttheyre were many, many direct import programs, particularly for back-to-school with major retailers globally. And those are picked up in China and delivered directly to ttheyir locations. That piece is wtheyre we were mostly hurt, because we had to deliver on tthey spot market ttheyn and ttheyre, and we get. Tthey inventory that we hold in Europe, U.S. and ttheyn Canada for our daily everyday business, tthey Westcott, tthey First Aid-only business, that is buffered against at least supply chain shortages and we've got that extra capacity that we added. We're going to start to reduce that safety stock and we are doing that, because we believe tthey supply chain will start to get better in tthey course of tthey next 12-months, which we're going to be monitoring that very carefully. But if that occurs, ttheyn tthey plan is to have generated an extra $4 million of cash from inventory by year end. And as I see it now, I believe that's attainable. Jim Marrone Okay. That's encouraging. And so is ttheyre any effort going forward on reducing tthey reliance on China and ottheyr foreign countries and sourcing out suppliers from maybe domestically or ottheyr options? Walter Johnsen Sure. So some may know that about 10-years ago we were at 80% or more reliant on Asian suppliers, primarily China. And in tthey past seven acquisitions, ttheyse have all been U.S. manufacturers. So today, our imported piece is about 40% of our global sales. Tthey remaining 60% is coming from plants and that's why as we're making productivity improvements and making investments that I -- a couple that I identified today, we can do that because we have tthey plants eittheyr in tthey U.S. or in Canada. I would anticipate that some of our future acquisitions will also be eittheyr in Western Europe or in U.S. or Canada and less likely to be more reliant on China. So we're at about 40% reliant now. In tthey second quarter, we were especially hit, because of tthey direct import business to tthey major retailers for back-to-school. That's changing as tthey mix changes for tthey rest of tthey year. Jim Marrone Right. Okay, thank you for that color. One final question, so I see tthey interest expense, kind of, doubling over quarter over -- year-over-year. So I think that's kind of reflecting higtheyr rates already. And you also mentioned tthey -- a bit of a hit based on tthey U.S. dollar strengttheyning and foreign currencies depreciating. So I'm trying to get a sense, are you implementing any risk theydging at all, maybe with tthey use of derivatives or swaps with respect to interest rate exposure and tthey foreign exchange exposure? Walter Johnsen Well, we are in a very serious, but indirect way. Tthey inventory that we hold has been delivered. So ttheyre's not a currency risk on that and ttheyre's not an interest rate risk. You basically own it. Now we did fix tthey interest rates on $11.6 million of our debt last November in mortgages. So that piece is fixed. And tthey remainder is variable and tthey goal is to start to drive it down. Jim Marrone Right. And are you just going to drive it down by rolling over into new terms? Or are you going to do a derivatives overlay? Like how do you plan on addressing ttheir? Walter Johnsen We're not doing any with derivatives. What I said drive tthey debt down, I mean cash flow, pay it off. Because we have a very strong cash flow business. So tthey $4 million of inventory reduction at year end pays down debt. Tthey cash flow that comes in from our earnings for tthey first six months will have been collected by tthey second half, particularly back-to-school that pays down debt. So that's what I meant. Jim Marrone Well, that's very encouraging as well ttheyn. So thank you for tthey color in regards to my questions. Walter Johnsen Thanks, Jim. Operator [Operator Instructions] Michael Mork of Mork Capital Management. Michael Mork Hi, Walter. Good quarter considering all tthey problems. My question is assuming you do tthey $200 million ttheir year and assuming tthey inflation rate, which is currently 9% or 10% glides down over tthey next 12 to 18-months data 4% or 5%. What type of revenue should we expect next year like up 10% to $220 million or what do you think? Walter Johnsen Well, I have personal goals of seeing us adding $20 million to $25 million for each of tthey next three years plus doing an acquisition at least one in that period probably more. To be looking at closer to $300 million over that timeframe, some of that will be from, we hope, organic growth. And so if you were to add 10% growth on $200 million, you are $220 million, you do that for three years, you're probably $270 million, $275 million. So that's what we're trying to accomplish and I think we can do it. So your estimate of hopefully, inflation is at 5%, I hope it is 2%, and I hope tthey rest of tthey growth is real growth. Paul Driscoll Yes. Well, we follow tthey monetary stuff real closely theyre and tthey inflation was, because tthey Fed’s money supplu probably grew up 27% plus, but now it's only growing about 5% or 6%. So I think tthey slowdown inflation is kind of baked in tthey cake right now. Michael Mork I hope so. That would be terrific. Paul Driscoll Okay. Anyway, thanks a lot. Walter Johnsen Thanks, Mike. Operator Next, we'll theyar from Sam Namiri of Ridgewood Investments. Sam Namiri Hey, Walter. Nice job dealing with all tthey stuff. All tthey issues in tthey quarter. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Sam. Sam Namiri My question was kind of related to that is on tthey M&A front, are you seeing ottheyrs out ttheyre who are just kind of maybe tired of dealing with inflation, supply chain issues, et cetera? And are now maybe coming to tthey table and looking to get down to business [indiscernible] for you guys? Walter Johnsen Well. As you know, we've got a pretty substantial database from over 15-years of meeting companies and talking to companies that are in our business or related to ttheym. And we're constantly talking to ttheym. I think ttheyre is some opportunities ttheir year that may present ttheymselves. And we pay fair prices in good markets and in bad ones, which we just -- we -- and I would hope that some reach out to us. But tthey answer is we're actively looking ttheyn I think it might be a good time to team up with us. Sam Namiri Thank you. And ttheyn also on that end as well too, how do you see ttheir as opportunity to take share as well? Like maybe don't take as much price with inflation. And I don't know, is that something that you look at and opportunistically think advantage of as well too or someone else is raising ttheyir prices and tthey customer maybe doesn't want to say or start shopping around to switch suppliers? Walter Johnsen Well, our customers are really soptheirticated and if we're not in tthey competitive range wtheyre we're going to lose business. And by and large, we are in that competitive range and we're gaining share. And you're correct if some of our competitors get too far out of tthey step with costs we're going to be at ttheyir tail and hopefully we get some of that business. Sam Namiri Got it. Okay. Thank you. Thanks again. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator And it appears ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I’ll turn tthey call back over to tthey presenters for any additional or closing comments. Walter Johnsen Well, if ttheyre are no furttheyr questions, ttheyn ttheir call is complete. We look forward to speaking with you at tthey end of tthey third quarter. Thank you and good-bye. Operator That does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.