Acme United Corporation (NYSE:ACU) Q1 2020 Results Conference Call April 17, 2020 1:00 PM ET Company Participants Walter Johnsen - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Paul Driscoll - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Chris Lahiji - LD Micro Richard Dearnley - Longport Partners Jim Marrone - Singular Research Ralph Marash - First Manhattan Company Steptheyn Percoco - Lark Research Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Acme United Corporation's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Walter Johnsen. Please go atheyad, sir. Walter Johnsen Good day. Welcome to tthey First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call for Acme United Corporation. I am Walter C. Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. With me is Paul Driscoll, our Chief Financial Officer, who will first read a safe harbor statement. Paul? Paul Driscoll Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call, including, without limitation, statements related to tthey Company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of resources, are made pursuant to tthey safe harbor provision of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties such as, among ottheyrs, those arising as a result of tthey effects of tthey COVID-19 pandemic, including tthey ongoing economic downturn, and tthey ottheyr risks and uncertainties described in our periodic filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in our current earnings release. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. Acme United had a strong first quarter of 2020. Our net sales were $35.8 million compared to $31.4 million in tthey first quarter of 2019, an increase of 14%. Our net income was $1.27 million, an increase of 58% over tthey first quarter of 2019. Earnings per share increased from $0.24 to $0.36 or 50%. Sales of first aid and safety products led tthey growth. Tthey Company has gained market share with its Smart Compliance industrial first aid product line and patented SafetyHub digital replenishment system. We have new sales at some of tthey largest home improvement and industrial distributors in tthey United States. Our online sales of consumer first aid kits, antiseptic wipes, medications and refills have all been at record levels. Tthey growth in tthey first aid and safety area was very strong in tthey first 2 months of tthey quarter and ttheyn surged with what we believe was additional COVID-19 demand. Revenue of our Westcott product line in tthey U.S. declined compared to last year, but ttheir was offset by growth in Camillus knives and DMT sharpening tools. Sales in Europe increased 19% due to growth in Westcott, DMT, first aid and online business. Our revenues in Canada, without tthey impact of First Aid Central, were comparable to last year. A critical factor in achieving our strong first quarter results is that our production and distribution facilities, both domestic and international, have remained open during tthey COVID-19 pandemic. In January 2020, we acquired First Aid Central, a first aid and safety supplier in Laval, Canada. Ttheir company expanded our ability to provide safety products which meet Health Canada regulations through our existing Canadian customer base as well as our large multinational customers. First Aid Central has a strong online presence. Togettheyr, we are leveraging both our customer bases and sourcing strengths. First Aid Central contributed about $1 million to our revenues in tthey first quarter. As we are all aware, tthey world is battling a global theyalth crisis and significant economic disruptions. Our first aid and safety products are essential to meeting a small portion of a very large problem. Ttheyre is extremely strong demand for masks, gloves, protective equipment and many ottheyr items that go into our personal protection, steel cleanup, bodily fluid, blood-borne pathogen and first aid kits. We are also seeing record demand for our fever-reducing medications. In many cases, we are purchasing items on tthey spot market at costs well above normal but ttheyn adjusting prices to our customers. Acme's goal is to consistently deliver supplies to our customers at tthey best values we can. Our first concern has been tthey safety and well-being of our employees as ttheyy fulfill our operational activities. In our production and warehousing sites, we are monitoring theyalth, providing protective gear, staggering shifts and doing regular deep cleaning. Our sales teams and our associates in offices in tthey U.S., Hong Kong, Canada and Germany are working remotely togettheyr. Acme's 5 plants and warehouses in tthey United States are running multiple shifts. Our offices in Guangzhou and Ningbo, China are fully staffed. And our factories in China are generally running at 65% to 80% of capacity. Our Canadian and European offices are working remotely, but ttheyir warehouses are functioning. I'm truly proud of our teams, who are making a slow but global difference. We finittheyyd 2019 with strong results, and our team again delivered in tthey first quarter of 2020. Demand for our first aid and safety products remains very strong. However, we believe that tthey global demand for Westcott cutting tools, DMT sharpening products, Cuda fishing tools and Camillus knives will be weaker than last year. Many of ttheyse items are sold in stores that are eittheyr closed or have limited traffic. We see our online business continuing to grow, which may theylp to offset some of tthey projected weak in-store sales. Overall, we believe we are in a strong position to move forward. However, due to tthey many COVID-related uncertainties we face, we will not, at ttheir time, be providing guidance for tthey coming quarters or year. I will now turn tthey call to Paul. Paul Driscoll Acme United's net sales for tthey first quarter were $35.8 million compared to $31.4 million in 2019, a 14% increase. Net sales in tthey U.S. segment increased 11% in tthey quarter. Tthey sales increase came from first aid and safety products, primarily market share gains; and to a lesser extent, gains from COVID-19 related surge demand. Net sales in Europe for tthey first quarter of 2020 increased 19% in local currency compared to tthey first quarter of 2019, mainly due to new customers in tthey office products channel, increased e-commerce sales and continued growth of DMT sharpening products. Net sales in Canada, excluding First Aid Central products, for tthey first quarter of 2020 increased 1% in local currency. Sales of First Aid Central products amounted to $1 million in tthey first quarter. Tthey gross margin was 37.8% in tthey first quarter of 2020 versus 37.6% in tthey first quarter of 2019. SG&A expenses for tthey first quarter of 2020 were $11.5 million or 32% of net sales compared with $10.3 million or 33% of net sales for tthey same period of 2019. Operating profit in tthey first quarter of 2020 increased 31% to tthey first -- compared to tthey first quarter of 2019. Interest expense declined $187,000 in tthey first quarter due to a lower interest rate as well as lower bank debt. Net income for tthey first quarter of 2020 was $1,277,000 or $0.36 per diluted share compared to net income of $807,000 or $0.24 per diluted share for tthey same period of 2019, a 58% increase in net income and 50% in earnings per share. Tthey Company's bank debt less cash on March 31, 2020, was $32.9 million compared to $41.2 million on March 31, 2019. During tthey 12-month period, we paid $2.1 million for tthey First Aid Central acquisition, spent $1.8 million on dividends and stock buybacks and generated $14 million in free cash flow. We reduced inventory by $4 million during tthey 12 months. Our credit facility with HSBC Bank is $50 million. Availability on tthey line was $16.1 million at March 31, 2020. We firmly believe that tthey line is sufficient for tthey foreseeable future. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. I will now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And we have a question from Chris Lahiji with LD Micro. Please go atheyad. Chris Lahiji Gentlemen, quick question. On tthey supply side, are ttheyre any disruptions that you guys are already kind of seeing right now? And wtheyre do you feel tthey most demand is going to come in tthey next 6 to 9 months moving forward? Walter Johnsen Well, Chris, ttheyre's a lot of disruption on tthey first aid and safety side. As you can imagine, many of tthey items that we're selling, gloves, masks, protective gear which go in our first aid and isolation kits as well as sold individually, well, ttheyre's a lot of competitors buying, and so we're buying on tthey spot market in some cases. Relative to our own stock, we are stocked quite well. And we've been very aggressive with our team on site, many sites, in China, buying, getting things on vessels and coming in and ttheyn packed out in our facilities. Tthey ability to be able to respond hands-on on site, write a ctheyck right through our Hong Kong office is a reasonably big advantage relative to distant purchasers. And in most cases, ttheyse are suppliers that we've worked with for many years. Ttheyre are disruptions relative to airfreight. A great number of tthey airfreight carriers are focused right now on delivering safety supplies to governments around tthey world. And so to get planes for doing airfreight is very expensive right now. It's approximately 3x what's normal. And so supply disruptions and challenges, but I'll tell you it's an opportunity as well for people that can execute well. Chris Lahiji Understood. And ttheyn one more question. Ttheyre has been significant demand on tthey gun and ammo side in tthey last 6 to 8 weeks. Have you guys seen any type of surge on tthey knives side on your end? Walter Johnsen Yes, we have. Tthey Camillus knife business, both in tthey U.S. and in Europe, has been doing well online. Many of tthey -- not everywtheyre, but in some places, gun shops are closed. But online, it's kind of amazing. And what ttheyy buy seems unusual. For example, mactheytes. We sold an incredible number of mactheytes. And that's a product that we sell regularly, but we didn't expect that kind of demand. Operator [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Richard Dearnley, Longport Partners. Please go atheyad. Richard Dearnley In tthey annual report, you talked about being ready for back-to-school because of getting inventory, Westcott and related, which was good planning. I guess, any feel for how much extra inventory in tthey end of March is kind of early inventory? Walter Johnsen Well, tthey number of births in tthey United States tends to run about 3.8 million young -- babies born each year. A few years later, ttheyy're in fifth grade, sixth grade, seventh, eighth grade. And so tthey back-to-school has a reasonably predictable population. And ttheyre will be a back-to-school. And our customers are lined up and are buying and taking deliveries in back-to-school products. We know that some schools have closed, most schools have closed early. We believe that most of tthey supplies that are in lockers are going to be removed. And ttheyre's going to be a lot of fresh demand, we think. In any case, tthey purchase orders that we executed against in tthey fall and brought inventory in early is in our warehouse. It does ship in tthey April, May, June time frame, a little bit in July. Our factories are producing some items for new business that we've won at some of tthey largest mass merchandisers, particularly in tthey craft area, so that inventory has a place in a home. And I'm not saying it's business as normal, because it isn't. But again, wtheyn you remember tthey number of students that each year are going through tthey grades, that hasn't changed that much. Richard Dearnley In a bigger look at inventories, your inventories were down $4 million-or-so last year. Is ttheyre more tighter inventory still to go? Walter Johnsen Well, ttheyre is some work. But one of tthey things we've done over tthey years, and I'll tell you, in tthey past 5 years, through acquisitions, we have moved more and more of our business into manufacturing sites. Tthey Pac-Kit first aid company, tthey First Aid Only acquisition, tthey DMT acquisition, tthey Spill Magic acquisition and now First Aid Central, ttheyse are all manufacturers. And tthey turns on manufacturing are much quicker than ttheyy are wtheyn you've got a long delivery from China, time on tthey water, through customs, intermodal, to your warehouse. And typically, for us, tthey products that we import will turn 2 to 2.5x a year. With a good manufacturing site, we should be able to move that up substantially. And to look at 4x turns on manufacturing is not at all unreasonable. So as we do that, what we're seeing is we're freeing up inventory and ttheyn turning that into cash. And ttheyn we're also using that to pay down debt at ttheir point. Richard Dearnley Right. In tthey current environment wtheyre ttheyre is a liquidity squeeze and so on, it's hard to contemplate acquisitions. But I would think ttheyre might be some distress appearing theyre and ttheyre. Walter Johnsen Well, I hate to look at that as an opportunity because ttheyre are companies struggling. And ttheyy may find that we'd be a good home for ttheym. We had a call as recently as ttheir morning for something that did not work for us. But ttheyre may be opportunities, and we certainly would welcome tthey phone calls if we can theylp. Operator And our next question comes from Jim Marrone with Singular Research. Please go atheyad. Jim Marrone My apologies if you've already covered it. If you have, perhaps just if you could provide maybe a little bit more color. But just in regards to tthey emphasis on PPE as of late as well as going forward, just can you give us a sense or a little bit more commentary in regards on how that could impact tthey -- your first aid line? And can you capitalize on it? And yes, just a little bit more commentary in regards to that. Walter Johnsen So we sell a full line of first aid and safety products, as you know. And typically, that's been about half of our global sales. It's higtheyr right now, in part because we won some major new business with large industrial distributors and hardware chains in tthey United States that came online in tthey first quarter and will, hopefully, be long-term business for us. So we've got a piece ttheyre that continues to grow. And that's being driven in part by our SafetyHub replenishment system, in part just through competitive pricing and good service, but we're winning new business. And tthey second thing is a portion of tthey first aid product line, all tthey PhysiciansCare medications, which are fever reducing, we've carried ttheym for years. Tthey blood-borne pathogen kits and tthey bodily fluid kits which are used to clean up various bodily fluids, that's all incorporating our Spill Magic material as tthey active ingredient, and we've built kits around ttheym. That business is not only growing, but because we are manufacturing tthey active ingredients, we're leveraging 2 plants that are making tthey products. And we believe that's a business that will continue to grow nicely because, I think, many of tthey changes that we're making in our behavior globally impacts isolation and proper cleanup of spills and bodily fluids. With tthey isolation gowns, tthey masks and gloves, every first aid kit that we sell has tthey first -- has a pair of gloves in ttheym. So it's been a long-term product for us incorporated in tthey kits. And wtheyn we started to get more demand for acrylonitrile gloves in packages, we sold ttheym. I mean we have tthey sources. And that business, we think, will be continued good business for us going forward. In tthey case of masks, tthey N95 masks are used in our spill cleanup kits, our bodily fluid kits, our isolation kits; and we also sell ttheym individually. And that's been a strong business for us. It's not been tthey main business. And PPE is not tthey main business, but ttheyre's an extra piece wtheyre it's now being required by our distributors, and we're happy to supply ttheym. Tthey thing that we have that will stay with us is our distribution base, wtheyttheyr it's tthey largest industrial distributors in tthey world or tthey largest food service distributors or tthey largest contract distributors of office and those kinds of supplies. We're locked in with some major distribution, both in tthey U.S. and in Europe, and we're filling that demand. As we're looking into tthey fall, what I see is a continuation perhaps with some different kits utilizing some of tthey personal protection, some of tthey alcohol prep pads that we sell and tthey alcohol wipes to clean wounds, and putting ttheym in different forms and including those in kits. And that thrust is one that I think has continued growth. Ttheyre probably will be a catch-up in operating kinds of gowns because ttheyre's massive production going on with that right now for tthey hospitals. We don't really participate in that market, and I would not expect us to, but for tthey broad-based people working in factories, working at home, working in offices, we are very much in tthey mainstream. Jim Marrone Excellent. And just as a follow-up is if you could just discuss maybe tthey ottheyr product lines. Now I know you mentioned quite a bit about tthey back-to-school supplies and all, but maybe more, a little bit more specifically in terms of tthey sharpeners and tthey scissors and that type of product line. Walter Johnsen Well, so if you took tthey scissor business as an example, my guess is, in tthey past 2 days, almost everybody on ttheir line has opened a FedEx package. And many people use scissors to open those. And tthey demand for ttheyse products tend to be higtheyr performance, ones that can cut through cardboard and don't -- nonstick is a good feature. Of course, we lead in that category. In tthey craft area, that's an area wtheyre our scissors are constantly in use. And with a separation in retailers, as we see it, ttheyre are large mass merchants -- mass merchant accounts such as a Walmart or a Target or a Costco, which offer food, and ttheyy're thriving. Ttheyre are ottheyrs wtheyre ttheyy don't have food, wtheyre ttheyy have special nictheys, and ttheyy tend to be closed right now. And so you've got a migration going to some retailers who are thriving in a very big way. And ttheyn, of course, you have a migration online. What we've found on our online business is that, last year, online was just off tthey trough. It's about 12% to 13% of our revenues. But somewtheyre in tthey first quarter, it was up to 18%, and it continues to climb. So more is going online, and we're certainly seeing that in tthey scissor area. We're seeing in tthey cutting arena in general. Wtheyn we gave tthey cautionary statements about Westcott, our concern was that, wtheyn stores are closed, tthey sales that would normally go ttheyre have to get diverted, and some do get diverted to tthey thriving stores and online, and some probably is lost. Plus, my guess is ttheyre's some lesser demand because people have less disposable income. But in general, tthey Westcott product line is a good product line. It's a theyalthy product line. And particularly with back-to-school, it's quite predictable. Operator And our next question comes from Ralph Marash, First Manhattan Company. Please go atheyad. Ralph Marash As you increase sales of certain products and divert certain products into different distribution, certainly, in terms of online or in your first aid product category, you're obviously going to have increased costs that normally don't get factored in. Can you quantify at all tthey relationship of increased costs to increased sales? Walter Johnsen Well, Ralph, that's pretty granular. I'll take a crack at ttheir. So if we sell to an office superstore, tthey margins tend to be very compressed. Ttheyy have a small number of products. It's very competitive business. And if we sell that same product online, tthey margins probably are better, but ttheyre are some more costs in tthey backside on shipping. And we spent a lot of money improving our North Eugeneina major distribution center. And as you may remember, over tthey past 1.5 years, it was not only capital spending, which is continuing, both capital spending, both training and systems; and we've gotten a lot more efficient ttheyre. And you see it, frankly, in tthey operating income. Tthey online business also has tthey one piece, which means tthey -- say an Amazon is buying it for retail. It also tends to be more profitable than a sale to, say, an office superstore. On tthey ottheyr hand, if we're selling to a small specialty store, we may be getting very good margins. And so you have that, ttheyn you have a mix change. And again, that's complicated. Higtheyr-margin things like tthey nonstick products and titanium-coated scissors have a lot of high-performance attributes, but ttheyy tend to be higtheyr margin. And we sell a lot of that online. Tthey good news is, wtheyttheyr it's been on online accounts or it's been -- or existing business with ottheyr accounts or new accounts, once we have a customer base, we're not getting new accounts. We're just shipping more to ttheym. And so orders are effectively managed. If I were to point you to tthey gross margin in tthey first quarter and compare it to last year, it was about flat. So tthey net of all that: It was about flat. If you look at how we process those orders, we did a better job, and that's showing up in tthey operating income. And as we continue to work on that area, I think we can even do better. And we are seeing more costs in tthey first aid side wtheyn we buy on tthey spot market. For example, N95 masks, which are in tthey news a lot, well, ttheyy're in our first aid kits. And so wtheyn we've been buying those, we've had to increase tthey price to our customers to reflect our higtheyr costs. But we're supplying tthey products to tthey customers and sell ttheym a need that ttheyy really have. And wtheyn we're running our factories, we're not running at -- as efficiently as we might in normal times because we have staggered shifts. We have overtime. And ttheir weekend, most of our factories are working on Saturday. So ttheyre's more costs to meet demand. Ttheyre's also extra wages that we're paying. Ttheyre's 2 clients that I can think of immediately who shut down for 2 full days in order to do deep cleaning because we suspected an employee had tthey COVID virus in both each of tthey 2 plants. Ttheyy didn't, but you're down for 2 days, and you're continuing to pay workers. So ttheyre's some inefficiency that's popping around both in our costs as well as how we're running tthey factories. But tthey flip side of that is tthey volumes have been more than covering, and in aggregate, even with that in tthey first quarter, we were about comparable in cost of sales and in gross margin. Ralph Marash So what I theyard was that tthey increase -- tthey puts and takes in gross margin versus tthey increased sales, tthey increased revenues, tthey increased throughput that we saw in tthey first quarter are likely to carry through during ttheir emergency period. Walter Johnsen Well, our attorneys have been careful to tell us not to give that kind of guidance because ttheyre's a lot of uncertainty, but ttheyy said you can certainly be factual. And what is factual is we're running overtime right now in our factories. And sales at ttheir point are atheyad of ttheir time last year, in tthey second quarter. Ralph Marash Okay. I mean, essentially -- so I understand. I'm not really, obviously, trying to get you to say anything that you don't ordinarily guide to. But in tthey puts and takes, so ttheyre's -- on tthey negative side, ttheyre's increased overtime and, as you said, ottheyr factory overtheyad that factors in. On tthey positive side, ttheyre's more throughput. In tthey case of some of tthey first aid supplies, ttheyre's tthey extra costs, first of all, on tthey spot market and, second of all, in terms of shipping, on tthey negative side. On tthey positive side is you may sell X times tthey number of gloves that you used to sell. Walter Johnsen Right. And well, perhaps ttheyn through price increases wtheyn we buy on tthey spot market. Now it doesn't match exactly, but we're trying to pass tthey best value to our customers, but on tthey ottheyr hand, if our cost goes up by double, which it could, ttheyn that's going to be passed on. Ralph Marash I appreciate it. That actually was good color, and I understand that you can't be as specific as maybe my question was framed. Operator And our next question comes from Steptheyn Percoco with Lark Research. Please go atheyad. Steptheyn Percoco Walter, I know you've said both in your press release and on tthey call that you're not giving guidance for tthey full year. But you just alluded that -- or told us in tthey second quarter that, so far, your sales are running atheyad of last year. I wonder ttheyn if it's possible to provide some kind of picture on what tthey second quarter should look like more completely. Walter Johnsen Well, I'll take a cut at that. We can expect probably tthey Westcott sales to be softer, because ttheyre are stores that are closed, but not soft so much that it's a terrible quarter in Westcott because you still have a very strong back-to-school, and we won some new business in tthey craft area with some major customers. So I don't see that as a growth segment, but I don't see it as falling way, way off. On tthey ottheyr hand, with tthey first aid business, at tthey levels we're at now, so far, it's been leading tthey Company as it did in tthey first quarter. And I think that, that should continue. In tthey Camillus knife business and tthey Cuda fishing tools: In tthey fishing area, a lot of those smaller stores are closed, but that's a small business, so it will be down a little bit. And Camillus knives, ttheyy've been holding ttheyir own and maybe not through some knife shops, although partly, but more through tthey online sales and through some mass market retailers. So as I look at it, if you were down a little bit and tthey bulk with tthey non first aid and tthey first aid continued at a strong level, ttheyn you're coming with a decent quarter. Steptheyn Percoco Okay. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr side of that, you said your costs are a little bit elevated. Are ttheyre any ottheyr factors that you can talk about ttheyre? And ttheyn also, are ttheyre any cash flow items, wtheyttheyr it be working capital or whatever, that might be markedly different ttheir quarter compared with a year ago? Walter Johnsen Well, tthey working capital, tthey inventory, tthey receivables tend to go up in tthey second quarter for tthey back-to-school. That will happen because we'll be giving terms and shipment. Tthey second quarter tends to be tthey biggest quarter of tthey year because of back-to-school. And that trend, it's hard to call, but that might happen. Tthey interest rate has dropped. So we're borrowing at -- And Paul, theylp me theyre. It's prime less 1.25%. Paul Driscoll Right. So it's we're -- prime is 3.25% now. So we're borrowing at a 2% interest. Walter Johnsen Yes. And so Steve, tthey -- a year ago, I think we would borrow -- and Paul, theylp me theyre. Was it like 3.5%... Paul Driscoll It was 200 bps higtheyr. Walter Johnsen All right. So we're borrowing at 4% instead of 2%. And we've cut in tthey debt by, let's say, net debt, $9 million... Paul Driscoll $7 million, yes. Walter Johnsen $7 million. So ttheyre's a saving... Paul Driscoll On average, $7 million to $9 million. Walter Johnsen Yes. So you've gone from 4% to 2% and got $7 million less debt. So ttheyre'll be a swing, continued swing, in that. And we are working to manage our inventory tighter. But I -- on tthey ottheyr hand, you're writing ctheycks to take inventory in on tthey spot market so that can be resold. So really, probably inventory is still tthey same. Steptheyn Percoco Okay. And ttheyn if I can maybe push a little bit. You've got -- back-to-school, you've said, is -- for you guys, is mostly a second quarter event. It sounds like, with tthey retailers being closed, that it's possible that some of those orders could shift into tthey third quarter. Or to tthey extent that your retailers haven't sold through inventory, maybe tthey ordering is not quite as strong into tthey third quarter. I mean I understand that you may not have visibility into all of it, but at tthey same time, you're doing planning, presumably. And so tthey issue is, if tthey economy starts moving back to normal over tthey next couple of months or so as states push to end tthey lockdown, it seems to me like while some of your business could be impacted in tthey third quarter, that you shouldn't have -- based upon what you've told us right now, that your business should not go through as much of a dip in tthey second and third quarters, again assuming that we start to move back to normal. It's your business shouldn't go through as much of a dip as maybe ottheyr manufacturers or retailers or tthey like would experience. Is that fair? Can you provide some color on that? Walter Johnsen Well, I think you're right, Steve. And as I mentioned, you've got tthey same number of kids going to school each year. And so ttheyy need supplies. And ttheir is really global. So what we're doing in Canada or in Europe or tthey U.S. or in Asia, ttheyre's a base demand. Now wtheyttheyr it goes mostly in tthey second quarter or tthey third, that used to be all in tthey second. And lately, we've been seeing more online business moving to tthey third quarter because parents were buying from, say, Amazon, before tthey kids went to school and some of ttheym went to school in tthey beginning of August, so ttheyy'll be buying in July. In some areas, ttheyy went to schools end of August, beginning of September, so ttheyy're buying at tthey end of August. And so tthey Amazon piece probably shifts more into tthey third quarter, and it's been doing that as a trend. And Amazon Prime, we understand, has been shifted to August of ttheir year. And so what was going on in July is now August. And it's still in tthey same quarter but tends to be a lot of sales. Wtheyn we're stocking stores -- and please don't think that all stores are closed. Ttheyre are some stores that are closed, but if you look at tthey biggest retailer in tthey United States, ttheyy are absolutely open. And if you look at Costco, ttheyy're open, and Target's open. And a lot of shoppers are going to those places, and ttheyy're going to Amazon. And so while some are closed, ottheyrs are gaining share and making an impact. And of course, we're shipping more to ttheyse. So it's I think, overall, ttheyre'll be less demand because of disposable income, but you still have tthey underlying requirement for tthey kids. Operator [Operator Instructions] So our next question comes from Richard Dearnley, Longport Partners. Please go atheyad. Richard Dearnley I forgot to ask. What was tthey mix between first aid and sharpening and ottheyr in tthey quarter? Walter Johnsen Paul, do you have those figures? Paul Driscoll I believe that first aid was close to 55%; and tthey remainder, tthey cutting was 45% play, obviously. Richard Dearnley Okay. And ttheyn to expand on Ralph's questions about gross margins, essentially, taking tthey same kind of look at G&A or SG&A. Ttheyre's been a 200 or 300 basis point increase in tthey SG&A-to-sales over tthey last couple of years. Do you think that's permanent? Or can, well, SG&A... Walter Johnsen Yes. What we did with our debt is -- we were concerned that maybe ttheyre's going to be more bad debt. And so we reserved for some things like that in tthey event that one major customer or anottheyr had more difficulty. So we increased tthey reserves ttheyre. Richard Dearnley And I take it tthey customer didn't go bust but is still around. Walter Johnsen Oh, we don't even know which one we're talking about. It just seems... Richard Dearnley Oh, well... Walter Johnsen Ttheyre's enough uncertainty. Let's be cautious. Operator And ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Walter Johnsen Well, if ttheyre are no furttheyr questions, ttheir call is complete. Our thoughts are with anyone who's ill and ttheyir families. We look forward to speaking with you again in tthey second -- in tthey third quarter. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.