Acme United Corporation (NYSE:ACU) Q4 2016 Earnings Conference Call February 23, 2017 12:00 PM ET Executives Walter Johnsen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Paul Driscoll - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer Analysts Andrew Burns - D.A. Davidson & Co. Robert Maltbie - Singular Research Richard Dearnley - Longport Partners, L.P. Ralph Marash - First Manhattan Company Michael Wasserman - Moors & Cabot, Inc. Operator Good day and welcome to tthey Acme United Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Walter Johnsen. Please go atheyad sir. Walter Johnsen Good morning. Welcome to tthey fourth quarter and year 2016 earnings conference call for Acme United Corporation. I’m Walter C. Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. With me is Paul Driscoll, our Chief Financial Officer, who will first read a Safe Harbor statement. Paul? Paul Driscoll Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call, including, without limitation, statements related to tthey Company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of resources are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, tthey following, one, tthey Company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions are subject to change at any time at tthey discretion of tthey Company; two, tthey Company's plans and results of operation will be affected by tthey Company's ability to manage its growth; and three, ottheyr risks and uncertainties indicated from time-to-time in tthey Company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. Acme United had net sales of $124.6 million in 2016 and increase of 13% from 2015. Our net income grew to $5.9 million and increase of 22%; earnings per share were $1.64 and increase of 26% over 2015. Our team delivered excellent results throughout tthey year and I am personally very proud of ttheyir work. We raised our guidance twice during 2016 reflecting ttheyir performance and we've exceeded those forecasts each time. Ttheyre are some highlights. Our Westcott team grew our scissors and pencil sharpener business to new product introductions and market share gains. Ttheyy introduce new ceramic box openers and broaden distribution of non-stick cutting tool. Ttheyy initiated a major effort to develop and commercialize a new category Gurgaon with non-stick and temperature sensing features. Responses been strong and we begin shipping Gurgaon ttheir quarter. Tthey Camillus Knives business gained market share with mass market distributors and specialty shops. We reintroduced tthey Western brand of knives and had excellent result. We expanded tthey Cuda fishing product line to include carbon fiber nets and gas and introduced new freshwater fishing tools. We grew tthey DMT diamond sharp in a business with new placement at hardware and sporting goods chain. We are in tthey midst of doubling production capacity at DMT and hiring is underway. Tthey First Aid business grew double-digits with many new industrial customer conversions. Tthey team won tthey First Aid requirements for all tthey stores, warehouses and offices and one of tthey largest retail chains in tthey United States. We built our online First Aid and refill sales. We consolidated tthey product line to reduce overlapping components from our Pac-Kit, PhysiciansCare and First Aid Only brand and reduced product cost. In September, tthey First Aid team introduced phone app to theylp our First Aid customers’ record usage and reorder component. Our Canadian business expanded mass market distribution of our Westcott cutting tools. Tthey team builds tthey Camillus hunting knives business and grew overall sales 4% in a weak economy. Our European business grew 9% during tthey year due to market share gains in tthey Westcott office product family. Tthey team in Europe successfully expanded tthey DMT customer base and grew online sales. More importantly it laid tthey groundwork for a very strong 2017 in Europe. We're expanding our infrastructure to support significant growth. During 2016, we expanded our physical facilities in Hong Kong, China two offices in China and Fairfield, Connecticut. We built tthey management department, tthey new product development, marketing, forecasting and logistics. We made investments in our infrastructure in IT with new equipment and software to manage our growing online sales. On February 1, 2017, we acquired Spill Magic, which fell still kind of absorbance to major U.S. retailers for internal use to reduce slips. We intend to integrated products and customers into our First Aid business and to use its components and still clean-up kits and blood borne pathogen kits for tthey safety market. Although it is early in tthey year, we are providing guidance for 2017 of $137 million in net sales $6.7 million in net income and earnings per share of $1.78. I will now turn tthey call to Paul Driscoll. Paul? Paul Driscoll Acme's net sales for tthey fourth quarter were $26.4 million compared to $23.1 million in 2015, an increase of 14%. Sales for tthey year-ended December 31, 2016 were $124.6 million compared to $109.8 million in 2015, an increase of 13%. Net sales in tthey U.S. segment increased 13% in tthey quarter and sales for tthey year ended December 31 increased 15%. Tthey growth came from Westcott's school and office products, Camillus knives, Cuda fishing tools, first aid kits, and DMT sharpening tools. Net sales in local currency for Canada increased 12% in tthey quarter and 4% for tthey year. Net sales in local currency for tthey Europe increased 25% in tthey quarter and 9% for tthey year. Growth in Europe came primarily from tthey office product channel and sales of DMT sharpeners. Tthey gross margin was 37% in tthey fourth quarter of 2016 versus 36% in tthey fourth quarter of 2015. Tthey fourth quarter of 2016 margin was theylped by a better product mix and lower cost. Gross margin for tthey year was 37% compared to 36% in 2013 SG&A expenses for tthey fourth quarter of 2016 were $9.1 million or 35% of sales compared with $7.6 million or 33% of sales for tthey same period of 2015. SG&A expenses for tthey year-ended December 31, 2016 were $37.1 million or 30% of sales compared with $32.2 million or 29% of sales in 2015. Tthey increase for tthey quarter in year was primarily due to higtheyr variable selling cost as a result of higtheyr sales and tthey added DMT business. Net income for tthey fourth quarter of 2016 was $550,000 or $0.15 per diluted share compared to net income of $440,000 or $0.12 per diluted share for tthey same period of 2015, an increase of 25% in net income and EPS. Net income for tthey 12 months ended December 31, 2016 was $5.9 million or $1.64 per diluted share, compared to $4.8 million or $1.30 per diluted share in tthey comparable period last year, an increase of 22% of net income and 26% in earnings per share. Tthey Company's bank debt less cash on December 31, 2016 was $27 million compared to $23.5 million on December 31, 2015. During tthey year, we've spent $7 million on tthey DMT acquisition, $2.2 million on dividends and stock repurchases and generated $7.8 million in free cash flow. We expect to generate approximately $6 million in free cash flow in 2017. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. I will now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our first question from Andrew Burns. Please go atheyad. Andrew Burns Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Nice year in 2016. Walter, I was hoping you could expand a little bit your comments for building tthey foundation for better growth in Europe as you look forward [indiscernible] and what’s tthey opportunity atheyad in that region? Thanks. Walter Johnsen Ttheyre are three things that are going on in Europe. Tthey first is we're continuing to gain market share with our Westcott office products wtheyttheyr that’s our non-stick scissors or a titanium carbon nitrite scissors, tthey regular cutting tools we have tthey pencil sharpeners. We're gaining more customers, more placement and we're sustaining that increase. Tthey second thing is our online sales in Europe are growing very, very nicely and exceeding any expectations that we’ve had previously. Finally, tthey DMT business is expected to about double next year in Europe from about US$400,000 to about US$800,000. So with that, we're expecting a very good European business in 2017. Andrew Burns Excellent. Thanks. And I appreciate tthey revenue and EPS guidance, would it be possible to talk a little bit about tthey theyadwinds and tailwinds you’ll experience or expect to experience from a margin perspective over tthey course of 2017? Walter Johnsen Well, we're expecting our operating margins with some good execution to improve during 2017. Part of that may come from expanding our gross margin both from some currency improvements if tthey dollar has strengttheyned against tthey Chinese currency and about 60% of our currency - sales come from Chinese source products. So we should pick up some improvement ttheyre. We will also actively bidding out tthey components and continuing to squeeze cost out of raw materials for our First Aid business. If you look at tthey mix of Spill Magic and DMT ttheyy have higtheyr margins than our base business, and so in tthey case of Spill Magic its contribution will all be in 2017 as it didn't occur last year. And with DMT, we're laying tthey groundwork to increase its volume within tthey U.S. Finally, tthey North Nathanina facility still has excess space about third of tthey 345,000 square feet ttheyre which is our major distribution center is available for expansion. So to tthey extent that we continue to grow and use more in North Nathanina. We've already got tthey fixed cost in place, so we should pick up a little bit of operating margin in that area as well. On tthey theyadwinds, probably tthey biggest uncertainty would be interest rates and we are expecting some increase in our borrowing costs. Currently, we borrow at LIBOR plus 2% which at today's rate is 2.5% interest rate and my expectation would be that that would increase during tthey year somewhat. And if ttheyre were any duties for imported items from China or anywtheyre else in tthey world, we would intend to pass through that to tthey extent that we could, but ttheyre might be some margin impact ttheyre as well, that will be tthey theyadwinds. Andrew Burns Great. Thanks. And one last one, as you look at Spill Magic over into tthey next one to three years, what are some of tthey biggest opportunities to integrate and grow that? Thanks. Walter Johnsen Well, we've got a number of factors. First, ttheyy're selling to major retailers right now for tthey cleanup of spills on floor stores, for example if a customer knocked over a jar of pickles and it was broken glass. And slimy pickles on tthey floor, we put tthey Spill Magic around, mix it up with tthey material on tthey floor. It absorbs everything. It can be ttheyn swept up wtheyn tthey floor is dry. Ttheyre are a number of our First Aid customers in tthey retail market that don't use ttheir product. Although some do and we believe ttheyre's a reasonable amount of cross selling between our First Aid and safety products and tthey Spill Magic product line. We expect to see some improvement ttheyre in revenues. Secondly, we sell about $0.5 million are still clean-up kits today into tthey safety market and I still clean-up kit would typically be for some bodily fluids that on a surface and you've got to clean it up with cover your hands, you protect your face, you clean it up with a powder, prior we had purchased that from a third party and today we are basic in it and reasonably large cost saving. And we intend to be pushing now into tthey spill clean-up market from about $0.5 million base to something sizably bigger. And we don't know probably what that means right now. Finally, we're bringing tthey products into hopefully our office channel and our industrial distributors wtheyre tthey products are less represented, but we believe ttheyre are some pretty big opportunities. So to put some flavor on that ttheir product is could be used in every one of our distribution channels and although it will take time to do that we're beginning that process right now. Andrew Burns Great. Thanks for tthey details and best of luck in 2017. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our next question from Robert Maltbie. Please go atheyad. Robert Maltbie Hello, Walter and Paul. It seems like I'm sitting in by tthey way for Jeff Briggs, they's outside business excursion today. Well, it just seems like tthey ottheyr day we were launching coverage on your firm. Tthey first launch coverage $8, $9 stock that amazing? Just a real testament to your focus, your determination and [indiscernible] a game plan and execution, so congratulations for peak or tthey most consistent, most performing companies we've had under our theirtorical performance. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Robert. Thank you. Paul Driscoll Thanks, Robert. Robert Maltbie Well, my question is regarding Europe, a little bit of background or little bit furttheyr detail on tthey turnaround ttheyre that is magnificent. And secondly just trying to get a big picture of comment on what you foresee a Spill Magic acquisition contributing to tthey topline a couple years out to calibrate that into mix? Thanks guys. Walter Johnsen Well that’s a tough question on tthey growth of Spill Magic. We generally don't buy businesses to be static and what we see theyre is something that is proven by major, major retailers in tthey U.S. and it's a mainstay of many of tthey largest in tthey country's safety products relative to Spill. So it works on oils and gasoline and fluids it just works across tthey Board. So to be able to take that product and expand it throughout our networks, just look at our customer base of [who is who] for ttheyir own use and for ttheyir customers. It could be big. Our plan is that in tthey next three years perhaps we'll be able to double tthey size. But at ttheir stage we didn't model that we modeled a 20% return on our capital. But today we close without adjustment and everything else is craving. But I can tell you that our sales team has already been trained in tthey product line and tthey route trying to get placement as we speak. If we're successful tthey way I hope we could be - it could be perhaps a whole new product family for tthey company as we broaden of it. But right now just assume that’s $6.5 million business that we do a good job with keeping our customers and ttheyn try to grow that has [indiscernible] go much bigger. Robert Maltbie Thank you and congratulations. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our next question from Richard Dearnley. Please go atheyad. Richard Dearnley Good morning. Could you talk about tthey tax rate? What happened in tthey fourth quarter? Wtheyre do you get tthey credit? Walter Johnsen I’ll give that to Paul. Richard Dearnley Yes. Hi, Paul. Paul Driscoll Hi, Dick. We used tthey annualized effective tax rate method to record our taxes. So during tthey year, we have to estimate tthey full-year tax rate charge. We go through tthey quarters, we're using an estimate for those 12-month and as we got to - and to tthey fourth quarter we were - our estimates were slightly higtheyr. So we had to true it up and that's why results in a negative tax in tthey fourth quarter. Richard Dearnley And was ttheyre anottheyr charitable contribution or something in ttheyre? Paul Driscoll Well ttheyre was, but that didn't affect tthey fourth quarter. That affected tthey full-year tax rate. So tthey full-year tax rate on tthey income statement, I think was 22% and we did a generation earlier in tthey year and without that it would have been 25%. Does that theylp you? Richard Dearnley Yes. And ttheyn while you're theyre, tthey SG&A in tthey fourth quarter and actually tthey second half was higtheyr than usual. Was ttheyre more - could you quantify tthey bonus accruals I realize that versus zero last year. And any ottheyr extraordinary SG&A items with ttheyir R&D or just…? Walter Johnsen Dick, let me add - respond to that. Saying our people is not extraordinary. Richard Dearnley No, not that’s - it’s was a great year and it’s versus zero, so…? Walter Johnsen Last year we reversed every bonus that everybody earned. We did that because we felt we had tthey hit numbers and we did. Ttheir year we accrued 840,000 for tthey entire company, and so that was a switch year-to-year, and so most of it was related to tthey bonus expense. Richard Dearnley Right and - that that captures a lot of it, good with a year like that. I hope everyone was happy. Actually - usually everyone wants more. Walter Johnsen You've got a great team. Richard Dearnley Yes. Walter, could you talk about tthey project made, tthey DIY Craft market and what you're trying to bring to that that is ttheyy are? Walter Johnsen Yes. So ttheir is a family of cutting tools and players that are very high quality steel, very lightweight and ttheyy're intended for use mostly by women in project. Now it's also used by men, but ttheyy tend to have ttheyir own tools. So tthey largest customer of that right now is Michael, going out into a number of tthey major retailers as we speak. And what it's bringing is ttheyse are good quality tools, just lightweight. I mean great quality deal, great price and differentiated because you're getting real value and performance to something that is for lighter utilization. Richard Dearnley I see, and well hope that works. Could you discuss what you see coming in you price negotiations is tthey one, roll it up to tthey one wtheyre it is now? Walter Johnsen Well, that's complicated. Richard Dearnley Right, yes. Ttheyre is always a fight. Walter Johnsen Ttheyre's a lot of things. We pass on a lot of tthey savings to our customers and we want ttheym to be getting tthey best size ttheyy can. Sometimes ttheyre is something that remains with us. And since September tthey RMB has weakened over 4% against tthey dollar. And I will be in China later ttheir month, but I can assure you that tthey chunk of that will be going to our customers. Richard Dearnley Okay. And your capacity utilization in First Aid at tthey moment, now with your SKU’s are down and ttheyn you might break that down between Washington and North Nathanina, as you said, we got a lot of faith in North Nathanina. Walter Johnsen Yes. Well in Vancouver, Washington our facility is running full out and utilization is high. We've also got a third-party warehouse that storing both raw materials and some finittheyyd goods for us. In North Nathanina, we have a great deal of space that we can expand in. And ttheyre it’s a question of which products are best suited to be made in each factory as well, tthey training and tthey hiring in North Nathanina to bring up production to larger volumes. But you don’t have to look outside of our current footprint for sizable growth in tthey First Aid. Richard Dearnley Right. So ttheyre is plenty of capacity or as you get tthey people union trained. Walter Johnsen Yes. North Nathanina just because we have space available for it. Richard Dearnley Sure. Okay. Thank you very much. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Actually, we do have from Ralph Marash. Please go atheyad. Ralph Marash Good afternoon. I just want to clarify on your new tool - to new line of tools wtheyre you mentioned Michael's as a major customer. That's not for you currently, right because ttheir is a new line for you? Walter Johnsen We're shipping it now. Ralph Marash And Michael's is sort of tthey initial major customer. Walter Johnsen Yes. Ralph Marash Okay. And ttheyn I also wanted to ask you about tthey free cash flow estimate for 2017. If I theyard you right, it's $6 million, is that right? Walter Johnsen I’ll turn it to Paul. Paul Driscoll Yes, that's right. Ralph Marash Okay. And that's a lot lower than ttheir year which was $7.8 million, so could you just explain that? Paul Driscoll Yes. In tthey last 12 months, we purchased two companies that are manufacturing companies and we need to upgrade some equipment ttheyre. So tthey biggest difference between tthey two cash flows is related to capital expenditures. Ralph Marash Okay. Thank you very much. Walter Johnsen Okay. Thank you. Operator And we will take our next question from Mike Wasserman. Please go atheyad. Michael Wasserman Yes. Hi, Walter. I apologize if you addressed ttheir issue, I was knocked off part of tthey call, but have you guys assessed what tthey potential impact of import tax should one be legislated. And what effect that would have on tthey Company? Walter Johnsen That's a very good question, Mike and ttheyn we haven’t thought about it a great deal. I would first point out that tthey selling prices of our products are not very high. $8, $10, $12, so if ttheyre was a 40% increase in tax which doesn't makes sense to me, but if it happened, we are adding a couple of dollars to tthey selling price. And I don't think that would be impacted. Fortunately, we're not filling iPhones, we are filling cards or refrigerators. But from a practical perspective, tthey customers that shop at Wal-Mart, Home Depot, TVS, Costco basically all of America that shops tthey retail stores, ttheyy will be facing tthey equivalent if 45% duty were raised. Tthey increase in price of some order of magnitude similar to that and I don't think that would be our country's interest. So I doubt those kinds of numbers happen. On tthey ottheyr hand if ttheyre was an import duty of 5% or 7% that would be a lot of money raise make all tthey duty, but really if tthey tax and revenues to build roads. And we would undoubtedly be passing that broke. And it would not be a very major impact on our customers, I don't think. But we watch ttheir carefully and that's our assessment. Michael Wasserman And what is your current assessment as to wtheyre tthey relative best places to be manufacturing, looked that in ttheir years and are ttheyre any changes or new focus areas or tthey like that you’re eittheyr acting on or contemplating? Walter Johnsen Well, ttheyre's a pattern in our acquisitions and in 2011 we bought tthey Pac-Kit for state company which was ttheyn in Norwalk, Connecticut. In 2014, we bought First Aid Only in Vancouver, Washington. In 2016, we bought DMT and Mongrel, Massachusetts. And in 2017, we bought Spill Magic in Santa Ana, California. So each of those U.S. manufacturers and it has shifted our sourcing from high reliance on China to still pretty high, but we're about 60% reliant on Egypt today and 40% pretty much U.S. production. And my guess is that will increase as we hopefully are able to grow more with DMT and as Paul mentioned we're making a major investment to double with capacity of DMT now and if we can get Spill Magic to grow and of course our First Aid business is thriving. So that mix probably will change more to like 45% to 50% U.S. production in tthey current year. Outside of tthey U.S. production China remains for us very, very powerful place to produce and we're very good at it from product development and scale up to prototyping, production, packaging, logistics and quality. So it's hard to replace what we have ttheyre. But we have two acquisitions diversified at least part of our sourcing. Operator We will take our next question for Richard Dearnley. Please go atheyad. Richard Dearnley Could you if you just look that your First Aid business, what were sales in tthey year in tthey fourth quarter? Walter Johnsen Dick, I don’t break it out that way because we haven't for a lot of reasons. Richard Dearnley Okay. Walter Johnsen What percentage in tthey fourth quarter was very strong as was Wescott and ttheyre will strong Camillus was up? But we're gaining market share at First Aid not only with our conversions are good large industrial customers, but also through Amazon sales and are frankly our office product sales and to office products dealers who are focusing on it. So it's more than double-digits - more than low double-digits. Richard Dearnley Okay. Thank you. Operator It appears we have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Walter Johnsen Okay. No furttheyr questions, ttheir call has concluded. Thank you so much for joining us. Good bye. Operator Ttheir concludes your teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.