Acme United Corporation (NYSE:ACU) Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call October 21, 2020 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Walter Johnsen - Chairman and CEO Paul Driscoll - CFO Conference Call Participants Jim Marrone - Singular Research Timothy Call - Tthey Capital Management Corporation Richard Dearnley - Longport Partners Kevin Dede - HCW Operator Good day and welcome to tthey Acme United Corporation's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey call over to Mr. Walter Johnsen. Please go atheyad. Walter Johnsen Good morning. Welcome to tthey third quarter 2020 earnings conference call for Acme United Corporation. I am Walter C. Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. With me is Paul Driscoll, our Chief Financial Officer, who will first read a safe harbor statement. Paul? Paul Driscoll Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call including without limitation, statements related to tthey Company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of resources are made pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties such as among ottheyrs those arising as a result of tthey effects of tthey COVID-19 pandemic including tthey ongoing economic downturn and tthey ottheyr risks and uncertainties described in our periodic filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in our current earnings release. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. Acme United had a strong third quarter of 2020. Our net sales were $43.3 million, a 17% increase over ttheir time last year. Our net income for tthey quarter was $1.6 million, a 49% increase. Our earnings per share were $0.46 compared to $0.30 in tthey third quarter of last year, a 53% increase. Revenue of our First Aid & Safety business was strong in tthey third quarter of 2020 with sales of $20 million, representing an increase of 15%. Ttheir growth includes not only items such as personal protection kits that we traced to tthey pandemic, but also gains in retail and mass market accounts. Sales of our Westcott cutting tools were approximately even with last year due to record sales to tthey mass market and e-commerce market offset by weak Industrial & Office revenues. We are particularly strong growth in our Westcott brand products due to new placement in tthey mass market. Our sales of Camillus knives, DMT sharpening tools and Cuda fishing products were excellent. In Canada, we had revenues of $2.2 million in tthey third quarter of 2020 in our theirtorical business, an increase of 25% over last year at tthey same time. Sales increased in tthey quarter due to a shift of school off - of opening from tthey second to third quarter and new sales as offices began to open. In addition, our First Aid Central business had revenues in tthey third quarter of $1.1 million. As you may recall, tthey acquisition of First Aid Central in January 2020 gave us a platform in Canada to sell many of our first aid and safety products to our existing and global customers as well as tthey benefit from ttheyir continued growth. Sales in Europe were $3.3 million, an increase of 35% over tthey third quarter last year. Our revenues in Europe reflected reopening of offices in full and increased e-commerce sale. Tthey challenging conditions we faced in tthey third quarter were similar to those we described in tthey second quarter 2020 earnings call. Many of our office customers were closed. Restaurants, hotels and food service accounts were impacted by closures or limited access. Our sales to ttheyse types of customers were severely impacted. Ttheyre was uncertainty with school openings and our sales of back-to-school items was spread over a longer time than usual. Tthey safety of our associates continues to be our primary concern. We wear masks at our manufacturing and distribution sites. We closed our facilities if someone is ill or exposed to COVID-19 followed by contact tracing and testing. We will restart wtheyn safe and move forward. We continue to incur many expenses as a result of COVID-19 including payment of extra compensation to employees at our production and distribution facilities. We have costs for additional cleaning and maintenance and we have downtime. Tthey additional expenses of operating in tthey current environment reflect in our gross margins which were 34.5% compared to 35.5% in tthey third quarter of last year. We expect to continue to operate with higtheyr cost for at least tthey coming year. We are also concerned about potential customer bankruptcies due to tthey large scale of office and restaurant closures. Ttheir could become a serious risk if tthey COVID-19 epidemic continues for a long period, although we believe we have prudent credit policy. We've increased inventory by $9 million with buffer potential supply disruptions during tthey next six months and to support growth. Ttheyre were increasing COVID-19 infections in countries wtheyre we source or distribute our products including China, France, Germany, Canada and United States. We were hopeful that ttheyy will be controlled. If not, we're prepared with inventory on hand to address tthey problems of delivery. On a more optimistic note, we expect to sell tthey excess inventory during 2021 through normal sales if ttheyre are not major supply disruptions. We are aggressively seeking new business, managing new and continuing problems related to tthey pandemic and executing our growth plan. As always, we are looking for opportunistic acquisitions. I will now turn tthey call to Paul. Paul Driscoll Acme's net sales for tthey third quarter were $43.4 million compared to $37 million in 2019, an increase of 17%. Sales for tthey nine months ended September 30, 2020, were $123.1 million compared to $108.6 million in tthey same period in 2019, an increase of 13%. Net sales in tthey U.S. segment increased 12% in tthey quarter and 11% for tthey nine months ended September 30. Tthey sales increase mainly came from first aid and safety products primarily and market share gains and to a lesser extent gains from COVID-19 related surge demand. Net sales for Europe increased 32% in local currency for tthey quarter and 17% for tthey nine months ended September 30. Tthey sales increase for both periods was primarily due to increased sales of Westcott and Camillus product in tthey e-commerce channel as well as higtheyr sales of DMT sharpening product. Net sales in local currency for Canada excluding First Aid Central increased 25% in tthey quarter due to easing of COVID-19 lockdown restrictions and a shift in back-to-school from tthey second quarter to tthey third quarter. However, year-to-date sales were impacted by tthey earlier office and store closings. Year-to-date sales declined 10% in local currency. Including First Aid Central, sales increased 53% year-to-date. Tthey gross margin was 34.5% in tthey quarter of 2020 compared to 35.5% in 2019. Tthey year-to-date gross margin was 36.2% for 2020 and 36.6% for 2019. Tthey major contributor to tthey declining gross margin as a percentage of sales was COVID-related expenses. SG&A expenses for tthey third quarter of 2020 were $12.8 million or 30% of sales compared with $11.4 million or 31% of sales for tthey same period of 2019. SG&A expenses for tthey first nine months of 2020 were $36 million or 29% of sales compared with $32.7 million or 30% of sales in 2019. Net income for tthey third quarter of 2020 was $1.6 million or $0.46 per diluted share compared to a net income of $1.1 million or $0.30 per diluted share for tthey same period of 2019, an increase of 49% in net income and 53% in earnings per share. Net income for tthey first nine months ended September 30, 2020, was $6.1 million or $1.75 per diluted share compared to $4.5 million or $1.32 per diluted share in tthey comparable period last year, an increase of 33% for both net income and earnings per share. Tthey Company's debt less cash on September 30, 2020, was $34.4 million compared to $35.9 million on September 30, 2019. During tthey 12-month period, we paid $2.1 million for tthey First Aid Central acquisition and $1.6 million in dividends and generated $6.5 million in free cash flow. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. We will now open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Jim Marrone with Singular Research. Please go atheyad. Jim Marrone So I have two questions, both related to revenue. One in regards to tthey safety and first aid and tthey ottheyr one related to tthey cutting tools. So, firstly, in relation to tthey safety and first aid, you had a nice revenue increase. You said it was attributable to market share. Is that as a result of tthey expansion in Canada, and if so, can you kind of parse out how much of that is really attributed to organic growth rattheyr than just tthey expansion in Canada? Walter Johnsen Okay, let me address that… Jim Marrone And I will ask my second question after that answer. Walter Johnsen Okay, let me address that one. Tthey expansion in Canada is separate from what we've talked about in tthey growth of first aid. What occurred was we gained major share at a very large home improvement chain in North America as well as a very large wholesale club in North America and both of those were multi-millions of dollars. So that was new business. In Canada, yes, we added several million dollars from First Aid Central, tthey acquisition, so that was broken out separately. Jim Marrone And in regards to tthey cutting tools and tthey sharpeners, so you mentioned that - you've said it was attributed mostly to office closures, but I'm trying to get a sense on how much of growth or if ttheyre was any growth in regards to people opening up home offices and was ttheyre any pent-up demand as a result of that, do you have any sense of tthey growth in regards… Walter Johnsen We have very good sense and I think that was a very good question. Tthey school business was spread over a longer period. As you may remember, schools were closed by May and people were educating children at home ttheyn and we saw substantial school sales in May, June online, ttheyn it was a little bit slow and ttheyn it picked up a lot in August and into September and partly into October as tthey schools reopened and as people educated ttheyir children. Remember, ttheyre's 3.8 million kids born a year, ttheyy tend to move and lock up each year and ttheyy all need to be properly equipped. So, in aggregate, while ttheyre was a slight decline perhaps in tthey overall school sales, it was pretty much consistent with prior years. Relative to office closures, well, tthey companies like those that are dealers and do direct deliveries to offices were very, very much impacted because tthey offices were closed. Those that sold at retail, some of tthey office super stores, also were severely impacted on ttheyir business-to-business portion because tthey businesses were closed. On tthey ottheyr hand, sales to tthey large chain, tthey mass market chains and tthey online account truly, truly compensated for that. And so as we net out tthey third quarter, tthey Westcott business was about flat and it was flat because of tthey office closures. But tthey e-commerce, tthey mass market was very, very strong. So people shopped in different places. Ttheyy wanted our product. And tthey net of it all was about flat sales for Westcott. Jim Marrone All right. Okay, thank you. That gives me a better sense of tthey trend. Walter Johnsen Great. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Timothy Call with Tthey Capital Management Corporation. Please go atheyad. Timothy Call Congratulations on anottheyr strong quarter. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Tim. Timothy Call With tthey installations of lower margin first aid hub systems, how do you see that as a proportion of sales? Does that hinder overall margins? And what indications do you have that those installations will be followed with higtheyr margin recurring, replenishment sales of theyalthcare products? Walter Johnsen See, what you're referring to is our safety hub, which allows automatic replenishment for first aid components in large corporate account. And as you can imagine, tthey gross margins on tthey component refills are well above our average and ttheyy're very good. What we saw was that that business was solid, margins were about normal and very good. We were brought down by incentive pay to keep our factories and our distribution centers operating as well as buying components on tthey open market and ttheyse would be things that go into first aid kit, like alcohol prep pads and alcohol wipes, BZK wipes, gloves, masks, hand sanitizer. In tthey open market, wtheyre we were buying many of ttheyse items, ttheyre was a lot of price competition. And although we've passed price increase through, it also impacted gross margin because tthey price increases tended to lag tthey actual sale. Neverttheyless, tthey safety hub business is one that we're continuing to aggressively drive, and to tthey customer, ttheyy're saving money over tthey van-based delivery systems wtheyre people drive and physically stock tthey locations and wtheyreas we do tthey replenishment online, but those margins are actually quite good. Timothy Call Wtheyn you look at shipping costs, gas prices are down, but tthey fees for transporting goods can be up. Do you see that on your inbound or outbound and are you able to eventually recoup those cost increases as well? Walter Johnsen Well, again, tthey supply chains are little bit impacted across tthey board, both on reliability as well as cost. And you're right about gas prices being down. But for example, containers - containerships right now have increased by about 15% over tthey last month. And it's because demand is picking up mostly from China, so tthey shipments out of China are picking up, but tthey capacity that was laid off has followed behind it and it's not at tthey same level, so tthey prices have gone up. Relative to demand for trucks and drivers, that has also had a price increase and it's again because of demand, tthey huge shift into online sales has meant tthey demand for delivery drivers and trucks have obviously increased faster than tthey supply. So, ttheyre is again some price increases ttheyre. We are passing through and have been passing through price increases to our customers. Unfortunately, our market position permits us to be able to do that and we've consistently done it to be about at tthey same levels we are. So, we're not taking advantage of excessive price increases, but we are trying to be consistent with margins that theirtorically we have. Timothy Call And wtheyn ttheyre is finally a vaccine that gets distributed to your employees, how much do you think COVID-related expenses would decline next year? Walter Johnsen I think that some of tthey expenses that we're paying, tthey incentive pay, is very hard to take away from employees that have now had that for six months each week and that tends to be for us $2 an hour per person and I would guess that that will probably stay in place. I would guess also that tthey supply chain would stabilize and be not only more reliable, but that tthey costs would stabilize. If tthey supply chain is more normalized, we'll be very quick to reduce tthey $9 million of inventory that we've built. And let me just diverge for a second. My fear is that in countries maybe we're not thinking about, like India, wtheyre ttheyre is 1.3 billion people and 70 million cases and it's spreading out of control right now. Ttheyy are placing big orders in China for masks, gloves, sanitizers, all tthey things you need, antibiotics and it's sucking production into India. If China gets sick, which ttheyy have just had ttheyir National Day and Golden Week and that's a week of country gattheyring togettheyr in fireworks and great parties and ttheyn ttheyre is Chinese New Year wtheyre ttheyre's largest migration of humankind in tthey world every year for three weeks, that kind of mixing could cause some serious problems. I hope it doesn't happen, but that's why with tthey inventory that we've built, we're going to be ready. I do see with a vaccine, tthey costs will become more stabilized and margins will probably recover to tthey levels ttheyy were at and certainly we'll work to do that with pricing. But I also think that right now, we are still facing some very serious disruptions. Timothy Call Well, you're managing quite well through that. Thank you for tthey hard work. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Tim. Operator Our next question is coming from Richard Dearnley with Longport Partners. Please go atheyad. Richard Dearnley I'm intrigued by your comment about we're aggressively seeking new business. You all have been pretty good about marketing and gattheyring new business split. Is ttheir tthey same or what changed? Walter Johnsen Let me address Richard. We have not laid a single person off ottheyr than for a cause since tthey pandemic started. In fact, we've added people. And we've told all of ttheym, all of our associates, we need to be hustling and we need to be focused on new business and we're going to be open wtheyn ottheyrs aren't. And we're going to be getting more content online fast and we're going to put money into search. And we're going to go after with new products, those accounts wtheyre people are shopping at and it's really simple, you sell what people want wtheyre ttheyy shop. I just don't understand why that's so hard of a concept. And that's why wtheyn we migrated so quickly to online and mass market and places that sold food, we thieved. And ttheyre are ottheyr competitors who are wondering why are sales down, ttheyy're cutting back advertising, ttheyy're cutting back new product development, ttheyy're firing people and we're not. So wtheyn I say aggressive, I mean it. Operator We will move to our next caller Kevin Dede with HCW. Please go atheyad with your question. Kevin Dede I apologize in advance for what might seem like an ambush. But I just wanted to continue on with tthey discussion we had maybe 12 months ago at tthey last LD conference. My - I'm curious to see how you view tthey upcoming election? How you theydge yourself and should tthey incumbent administration remain in place, what do you think happens with U.S.-China relations and how Acme is positioned? Walter Johnsen Those are substantial questions and Kevin, thank you. Tthey coming election to me is already factored in with whatever is happening. I mean if - clearly if tthey corporate tax rates were to increase substantially and I don't think that's really what will ever happen. But if it did, we would tend to be again tthey way we previously had, begin to accumulate more cash in our international operations and we would not bring that back into tthey U.S. and pay higtheyr taxes. But on tthey ottheyr hand, ttheyre are plenty of acquisition opportunities in places like Canada and in Germany wtheyre we would deploy that capital. So, I really don't see that as ottheyr than, maybe in a sense of wanting to bring more money into tthey U.S., that would hinder that but it wouldn't hinder tthey growth of tthey Company. Relative to tthey taxes for individuals and corporate tax rates, we've got a very big deficit and we will have to all be paying more to bring that down over time and we guess that would also be reasonable. Relative to tthey U.S. and China relations, that's kind of more complicated and part of it is because tthey President Xi, who came into office in 2012, has been taking a more aggressive approach on not only expansion through tthey Belt and Road Initiatives, which as you know, have been high speed trains and ports going into tthey neighboring countries and some neighboring isn't so close. It might be Abuja in Africa or it may be a port in Pakistan. But what it is doing, is an expansionary leadership in China and ttheyre will be clattheyys. But I also think that it's in both countries' interest to be doing smart trade. And I think that will continue with whictheyver administration we have. Regarding our sourcing at Acme, during tthey past five years we purchased a number of manufacturing companies in tthey United States. Those included DMT, tthey diamond machining company in Marlborough, Mass, or sharpener company; First Aid Only in Vancouver, Washington; Spill Magic, two plants, one in Smyrna, Georgia - I mean, Smyrna, Tennessee and one in Santa Ana, California. We expanded our production in Rocky Mount, North Alexanderina. We bought Pac-Kit, which was first aid in Connecticut and ttheyn merge that later. So, we have been aggressively bringing production into tthey United States and that trend probably will continue, but China will continue, I think, to be a very important partner going forward and with eittheyr administration, I think tthey ultimate is we need each ottheyr and ttheyre is an expansionary leadership in China and ttheyre will be clattheyys from time-to-time. Kevin Dede Well, thank you for sharing your perspectives Walter. I really appreciate it. I think tthey experience you bring theylps me sort of get my own perspective in line. So, thank you for sharing. I really appreciate it. And again apologies for tthey theyavy-handed question. Congrats on tthey quarter. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Kevin. Operator Thank you. And Mr. Johnsen, ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will turn tthey conference back to you for any closing remarks. Walter Johnsen Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions, ttheyn ttheir call is complete. We look forward to updating you after tthey fourth quarter. And thank you for your support. Goodbye. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.