Acme United Corp (NYSE:ACU) Q1 2018 Earnings Conference Call April 20, 2018 12:00 PM ET Executives Walter Johnsen - CEO Paul Driscoll - VP, CFO, Secretary & Treasurer Analysts Andrew Burns - D.A. Davidson & Co. Michael Wasserman - Moors & Cabot Timothy Call - Tthey Capital Management Corporation Michael Mork - Mork Capital Management Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Acme United Corporation's First Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Walter Johnsen, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, sir. Walter Johnsen Good morning. Welcome to tthey First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call for Acme United Corporation. I'm Walter Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. With me is Paul Driscoll, our Chief Financial Officer, who will first read a safe harbor statement. Paul? Paul Driscoll Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call, including without limitations, statements related to tthey company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of resources are made pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including without limitation tthey following, One, tthey company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions are subject to change at any time at tthey discretion of tthey company; Two, tthey company's plans and results of operation will be affected by tthey company's ability to manage its growth; and three, ottheyr risks and uncertainties indicated from time-to-time in tthey company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. Acme United had a strong first quarter of 2018. Our sales increased 14% over tthey first quarter last year to a record $31.7 million. Net income was $764,000, an increase of 16%. Earnings per share were $0.21 versus $0.18, an increase of 17%.  All of our major product families had strong growth. Our first aid and safety business led tthey way with new business at a large industrial distributor in tthey U.S., a new customer's thrust into food service and strong e-commerce sales. Tthey Westcott family of school, home and office cutting tools gained market share in scissors primarily due to online sales.  Tthey Clauss, Camillus and Cuda product lines had record first quarter revenues. Our organic growth for tthey quarter was 12% after accounting for tthey impact of tthey acquisition of Spill Magic on February 2, 2017. Spill Magic sales increased during tthey first quarter of 2017 due to new customers, including a large supermarket and food chain, new industrial and office distribution and expanded office retailer presence. We expect to begin e-commerce sales of Spill Magic in tthey coming quarter.  Our international businesses contributed to tthey first quarter growth. In Canada, net sales increased 12% due to expanded mass market and office product offerings. Our European subsidiary grew 27% with strong contributions from our office products customers, growth in Cuda fishing tools and Camillus hunting knives, and new demand from our DMT diamond-based sharpening tools. Our e-commerce business in Europe grew very strongly. Gross margins were 38.2% during tthey first quarter of 2018 compared to 38.1% in tthey comparable period last year. Ttheir is particularly significant because it reflects greater e-commerce sales and successful management of our overall margin as we shift away from a portion of our retail sales base. We continued to make improvements in our warehouse and distribution costs during tthey first quarter. Ttheir reflected improved accuracy of product dimensions and weights, greater precision of bin locations at closer distances of fast-moving items to tthey shipping locations. We implemented software to optimize low-cost shippers, particularly tthey U.S. postal service, which has very attractive last-minute delivery prices. Our warehouse and distribution team is far better trained and has better tools than a year ago, and we believe ttheir will continue to drive our cost down. During tthey quarter, we brought $5.8 million into tthey U.S. from international locations. We have initially used tthey cash to pay down debt and anticipate that we will be able to repatriate additional funds by year-end. We did not provide guidance at tthey end of last year to better gauge tthey impact of new business and strong e-commerce sales. Based on performance during tthey first quarter, we are providing guidance for 2018 of $140 million in net sales, $5.7 million in net income and a $1.53 earnings per share.  I will now turn tthey call to Paul. Paul Driscoll Acme net sales for tthey first quarter were $31.7 million compared to $27.7 million in 2017, a 14% increase. Net sales for tthey first quarter in tthey U.S. segment increased 13%. Net sales in Canada increased 8% in local currency due to tthey market share gains in tthey school and office channel and hunting knives. Net sales in Europe increased 10% in local currency due to market share gains and tthey office product channel and increased distribution of DMT products. Tthey gross margin was 38% in tthey first quarter of 2018 versus 38% in tthey first quarter of 2017.  SG&A expenses for tthey first quarter of 2018 were $10.8 million or 34% of net sales compared with $9.4 million or 34% of net sales for tthey same period of 2017. Tthey SG&A increase was due to higtheyr variable selling costs, as a result of higtheyr sales and tthey addition of sales and marketing personnel. Net income for tthey first quarter of 2018 was $765,000 or $0.21 per diluted share compared to net income of $660,000 or $0.18 per diluted share for tthey same period in 2017, a 16% increase in net income and 17% in earnings per share. Tthey company's bank debt less cash on March 31, 2018 was $43.7 million compared to $38.2 million on March 31, 2017. During a 12-month period, we purchased our first aid manufacturing and distribution facility in Vancouver, Washington for $4 million and paid $1.4 million in dividends. Inventory increased $4.6 million in anticipation of new business. We expect to end 2018 with approximately $36 million of net debt and to generate $4 million to $5 million in free cash flow. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. I'll now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. And we'll theyar from Andrew Burns with D.A. Davidson. Andrew Burns Two questions for you. Walter, 12% organic growth in tthey quarter, that's a great number and certainly well atheyad of tthey gross guidance implied in your annual guidance. And I'm just curious wtheyn you look at sort of tthey deceleration in organic growth and guidance, is that a function of some sell-in to new customers that boosted that first quarter organic growth? Or is that really reflective of just tthey visibility to online channels and tthey complexity ttheyre? Walter Johnsen Well, ttheyre's two parts. We began selling to a large food service distributor in tthey first quarter, and ttheyre was some sell-in to that. However, ttheyy're getting orders and that seems to be carrying through into tthey second quarter, and we are optimistic because of tthey very large distributor that it continues. However, ttheyre was some sell-in of that. Tthey online business was very strong in tthey first quarter and continued at 100% annual growth. And I've been very, very careful about forecasting that into tthey future because that seems to us to be a very, very high growth number. As you may know, we've had 100% online growth for tthey last three years, including last year. So we're continuing a pace that we've got a theirtory with. Tthey ottheyr part that I'm really pleased with is as we've been able to manage tthey cost of promoted items and placement online that we've been now getting our arms around how to do that in a more effective way, so that, in fact, we are replacing perhaps some sales that were cannibalized at a retail and margins comparable or higtheyr online, and we're growing that share. Andrew Burns Great. That's a good segue into my second question, which was very encouraging to see tthey stabilization on tthey gross margin line, and I know a lot of efforts gone into improving efficiencies fulfilling online sales. So I'm just curious as those continue to grow, is gaining scale and furttheyr efficiencies, is that going to be just about preserving margins? Or is ttheyre any opportunity to enhance tthey gross margin profile as sales continue to shift online? Walter Johnsen Well, part of ttheir is margin, is product mix. And as an example, wtheyn we sell first aid items and those refills, tthey refills tend to have higtheyr margins than our theirtoric business. So obviously, we are pushing more refills and that's a good thing for tthey customer because you get outstanding product at outstanding prices. Similarly, we are getting a lot of back-to-school items now, and we will be getting more of that in later in tthey year and ttheyy tend to have more competitive margins, lower margins. And so managing that mix is something that we're good at and ttheyn we're getting better at. But I think it would be reasonable to assume that tthey margin levels we have now are tthey levels that would be consistent. And if we're successful with that and we have tthey growth that we're expecting, we will get operating leverage through tthey distribution centers. Operator And next we'll move on to Michael Wasserman with Moors & Cabot. Michael Wasserman I may have missed ttheir, I've been trying to do too many different things ttheir morning, but I apologize, if you mentioned it. But how is tthey increase in cost of borrowings affecting how you run tthey business ttheyse days? And how you're looking forward in that regard? Walter Johnsen Well, tthey answer to that is that we -- obviously, wtheyn rates go up by 25 basis points or 50 basis points, you can do tthey math, it increases tthey cost of borrowing. However, tthey returns we're getting on our assets are in excess of 8% and tthey return on equity is over 12% consistently. So as we're managing tthey business it may drive into some of that. In tthey first quarter, we certainly had higtheyr cost of interest than we did a year ago, despite that we had 17% EPS growth. So tthey answer is it's one of tthey costs that we have to continue to deal with until we are doing it. Michael Wasserman Yes. And if am I correct that ttheyre is no upside cap on how costly your borrowings could become? Walter Johnsen Well, ttheyre is no upside cost. That's correct. Michael Wasserman Okay. So I presume that wtheyn you're considering additional acquisitions you're taking that into account in case tthey -- some unexpected magnitude of increases in tthey rates occurs? Walter Johnsen Well, Michael, that's theirtorically been less significant to us because ttheyse acquisitions have been very highly accretive and interest is a very small piece of that. And obviously, looking forward, modeling increase cost is important thing and interest cost would be part of that. Michael Wasserman Yes. Okay, and I'm not sure if you mentioned ttheir or not, but tthey office channel, I think, continues to be somewhat challenged compared to what it theirtorically has been. Do you continue to expect a movement away of revenue from that area to ottheyr areas? Or online areas? Do you think that's a trend that will continue? Walter Johnsen Well, I do. And I think that it's a major opportunity for us to gain market share. Tthey diversity of cutting tools that we're selling online is greater than we had theirtorically had at retail. And we're seeing a lot more businesses. Shopping as you can imagine online, ttheyy still need tthey tools. And so part of our growth in tthey Westcott business, and as we announced, we had strong growth in Westcott in tthey first quarter and last year. It's because tthey online business is compensating for some weakness at tthey office superstores and some at tthey wholesalers, but it's -- we're gaining share. Operator And next we'll move to Tim Call with Capital Management Corporation. Timothy Call With tthey online business, tthey rapid growth last year resulted in some last minute expenses being incurred and so that hurt margins a little bit during some quarters last year. Do you think you have a lot of that better situated now so that it seems like you're handling tthey online growth today in a much more profitable manner. Do you see that as you go through tthey seasonality of tthey company? Walter Johnsen Yes, I do. I think that we are much better positioned than we were a year ago. Part of tthey gross margin issue in tthey fourth quarter may repeat itself and that's because wtheyn we do Black Friday promotions, let's say, in Amazon, is tthey lowest cost product that you -- pricing that you'll have all year and if that runs for most of tthey quarter and now we're getting a bigger piece of our business as it continues to grow from Amazon. However, all of that's profitable growth. So I'm comfortable with that. As far as tthey operational efficiency, I know, we're better. And we see it in our internal metrics, and we see it in tthey smoothness that we're dealing with deliveries. A lot less stress, a lot less -- almost no overtime, and we're far better than we were a year ago. Timothy Call With you're being comp that as tthey year goes on and showing such strong growth -- mid-teens growth for so many figures ttheir quarter, it looks like tthey annual guidance for earnings per share growth of around 7% or 8% might be too conservative, wtheyre am I wrong on that? Walter Johnsen Well, we're trying to over deliver. And I think that giving guidance that we're very comfortable with -- gives us that opportunity. Clearly, if we were able to drive tthey online business as we have done for tthey last three years ttheyn we would get more organic growth than we're giving guidance for. And at ttheir stage, we've just finittheyyd tthey first quarter with over 100% a year growth in that category. And if you continue at that pace, well, ttheyn tthey overall organic growth in tthey whole company grows even faster. But it's hard for us to make that forecast now and ttheyn fail to live up to maybe something that's so -- too aggressive. Operator And next we'll move to Mike Mork with Mork Capital Management. Michael Mork Walter, got two questions. One, on tthey acquisition front. Would you expect anything in tthey next 12 to 18 months? Walter Johnsen Well, Mike, we are always looking. And we've got a team of guys that have worked wtheyttheyr that's in IT or finance or in operations, who are good at integrating ttheym. So I'm looking at our pipeline. Having said that, we're very careful buyers and it's got to fit well and culturally it's got to fit as well tthey valuation that's strong for us. But next 12 to 18 months, I would guess that we'll find something. Michael Mork Okay. Ttheyn tthey next question is, back in tthey '80s wtheyn Reagan cut tthey corporate tax from 46% to 35%, Walmart took out ads in tthey paper and said ttheyy were going to pass on tthey tax cut dollar-for-dollar to tthey customer. And ttheyy put pressure on ttheyir suppliers to do tthey same thing. And actually, tthey economy as a whole also it had a blip up during tthey tax cuts going from 46% to 35%, and ttheyn tthey profit margins came right back down as competition came in. Do you see that again any retailers putting pressure on you to basically pass on tthey tax cuts or not? Walter Johnsen No, we haven't seen that, Mike. We have had plenty of pressure, competitive pressure from our suppliers not specifically for give us some of your tax savings, but ttheyre are always reviews of our categories and ttheyy are very, very sharp. But I don't think that ttheir is anything extraordinary. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Next move to Andrew Burns with D.A. Davidson. Andrew Burns Just one more for you, I appreciate tthey time. Just curious if you could elaborate a little bit about tthey strength in tthey first aid business, SmartCompliance compliant side, you have a -- you're installing boxes wtheyn we're getting tthey resales. Just curious in terms of tthey installed boxes, it's tthey growth ttheyre, how penetrated do you think you are if you could quantify that sort of initial catalyst for that annuity-like refill sales? And how you're feeling about continued sell-in of tthey SmartCompliance boxes? Walter Johnsen Well, at our sell-in price we're estimating that tthey market for our first aid and refills is about $800 million, and we're doing about $70 million. So we feel we've got a long runway theyre. We're demonstrating that tthey SmartCompliance approach wtheyre tthey customer does tthey refill of tthey box of tthey cabinet by filling tthey holes in tthey boxes that are consumed saves ttheym, somewtheyre between 30% and 50% annually in tthey refills. But it depends on tthey mix of what ttheyy are buying, but it's very, very substantial and that's tthey driving force, it's different than ottheyr means of delivery, for example, van-based systems. Tthey first quarter had some very exciting installations of our safety hub, which is tthey software, tthey fulfillment app software that allows a customer to record tthey consumption of tthey first aid item at tthey site of treatment, aggregates it, does an automatic refill wtheyn minimum order quantities arrive and sends packages back to tthey site that used it to refill. That was installed in a number of very big accounts, and we've got momentum with it. And so to us, that's a very, very exciting step because it means we are selling more than just tthey first aid cabinet or fulfillment for refills. We're actually eventually going to be able to have data available from tthey consumption within our customer base to theylp ttheym better manage safety, and tthey safety managers are responding to that and pushing to get tthey installations. So ttheir is a big step for us. And tthey first quarter was tthey first time that we really saw tthey recognition with volume. Operator At ttheir time, ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. I would like to turn tthey call back over to today's speakers for any additional or closing remarks. Walter Johnsen If ttheyre are no furttheyr questions ttheyn ttheir call is complete. We want to invite you to our Noahual Meeting at tthey Cornell Club, which is in New York City at 6 East 44th Street, on April 23, at 11:00 a.m. We look forward to sharing our furttheyr plans ttheyn. Have a good day and goodbye. Operator And that will conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation.