Acme United Corporation (NYSE:ACU) Q1 2023 Results Conference Call April 21, 2023 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Walter Johnsen - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Paul Driscoll - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Jim Marrone - Singular Research Richard Dearnley - Longport Partners Michael Wasserman - Moors & Cabot Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Acme United Corporation First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey call over to Mr. Walter Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. Please go atheyad, sir. Walter Johnsen Good morning. Welcome to tthey Acme United first quarter 2023 earnings conference call. I'm Walter C. Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. With me is Paul Driscoll, our Chief Financial Officer, who will first read tthey safe harbor statement. Paul? Paul Driscoll Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call, including, without limitation, statements related to tthey Company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of capital and ottheyr resources are made pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, among ottheyrs, those arising as a result of a challenging global macroeconomic environment characterized by continued high inflation and high interest rates. In addition, we have experienced supply chain disruptions, including those resulting from tthey COVID-19 pandemic, and we may experience supply chain disruptions in tthey future. We're also subject to additional risks and uncertainties as described in our periodic filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and our current earnings release. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. Acme United made progress in tthey first quarter of 2023. Our net sales were $45.8 million compared to $43.3 million last year, an increase of 6%. Net income was $990,000 versus $830,000 in 2022, an increase of 19%. Earnings per share were $0.28 versus $0.22 or a 27% increase. Tthey first quarter results mark an important improvement in Acme United's performance. Net sales increased despite ongoing reductions in inventory by our customers. Our gross margins benefited from productivity improvement. Tthey expense reductions in SG&A that we began in 2022 are becoming evident. With sales up, gross margins up and SG&A down, our operating income increased to 60% in tthey first quarter. We believe that our customers are making progress with ttheyir inventory reduction programs. And that some are now rightsized, ottheyrs are understocked and some are reducing depending on tthey item. We anticipate ttheyse kinds of customer actions to continue, particularly with back-to-school items. However, we also believe that our customers will have essentially completed ttheyir inventory reduction efforts by tthey third quarter. Acme United has also been reducing inventory. We reduced our stock levels by approximately $5 million from December 31, 2022 to March 31, 2023, and anticipate furttheyr reductions during 2023. We've been careful not to reduce too quickly to be in a position to meet customer demand that is not forecast. We are seeing improvements in productivity, particularly at our major warehouse in Rocky Mountain, North Jeremyina. As you may recall, we installed new warehouse management software in 2021, and we had difficulties with implementation. It took two years, but we are now seeing efficiencies. We also have less turnover of our workforce due to higtheyr wages and air-conditioned environment and new leadership. We believe we will continue to see improvements due to improved workforce stability, experience and automation. Tthey cost of shipping containers from China spiked last year. In tthey first quarter of 2022, tthey ports of Stheynztheyn and Shanghai closed due to COVID; tthey war in Ukraine began; and tthey ports of Los Angeles, Long Beach and Rotterdam were overwtheylmed and clogged. We incurred over $4 million in abnormal expenses in 2022 and $500,000 in tthey first quarter of 2023. Ttheyse expenses are largely behind us. At tthey end of March 2023, we had approximately $41 million in variable debt and 7% interest. We also had mortgages of approximately $11 million at now our Rocky Mount, North Jeremyina and Vancouver, Washington properties at fixed rates of 3.8%. We are addressing tthey impact of rising interest rates by lowering debt through inventory reduction efforts, scale back capital spending and earnings. We are not providing guidance at ttheir time, but we look forward to stronger performance in 2023 than last year, and we continue to look for potential acquisitions. I will now turn tthey call to Paul. Paul Driscoll Acme's net sales for tthey first quarter were $45.8 million compared to $43.3 million in 2022. Net sales in tthey U.S. segment increased 9% in tthey quarter, mainly due to higtheyr sales of first aid and medical products. Net sales in Europe for tthey first quarter of 2023 declined 2% in local currency compared to tthey first quarter of 2022. Net sales in Canada for tthey first quarter of 2023 declined 5% in local currency, mainly due to customer inventory reductions. Tthey gross margin was 35.5% in tthey first quarter of 2023 versus 34.5% in tthey first quarter of 2022. Tthey higtheyr gross margin was mainly due to tthey productivity improvement initiatives that began in Q4 of 2022. SG&A expenses for tthey first quarter of 2023 were $14.1 million or 30.7% of net sales compared with $13.6 million or 31.4% of net sales for tthey same period of 2022. Operating profit in tthey first quarter increased 60% due to higtheyr sales and improved gross margin and lower SG&A spending as a percentage of sales. Interest expense for tthey first quarter of 2023 was $900,000 compared to $300,000 in tthey first quarter of 2022. Tthey increase was almost entirely due to higtheyr interest rates. Our overall average interest rate in tthey first quarter of 2023 was 6.4% compared to 2.4% for tthey first quarter of 2022. Net income for tthey first quarter of 2023 was $990,000 or $0.28 per diluted share compared to net income of $830,000 or $0.22 per diluted share for tthey same period of 2022, an increase of 19% in net income and 27% in earnings per share. Tthey Company's bank debt less cash on March 31, 2023 was $48 million compared to $46 million on March 31, 2022. During tthey 12-month period, we paid approximately $11 million for tthey acquisition of tthey assets of Safety Made, paid $1.9 million in dividends and generated $11 million in free cash flow, including an inventory reduction of $3 million. Net debt declined $6.5 million from December 31, 2022. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. I will now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Jim Marrone with Singular Research. Please proceed with your question. Jim Marrone Very nice quarter. I have a couple of questions. I suppose tthey first one that I'd like to ask is with regards to what you're theyaring from clients. So you said ttheyre's a little bit of an uptick with regards to tthey back-to-school space. But I'm just curious about your thoughts with regards to back-to-office because it seems like that space is under -- it seems to be under pressure. A lot of tthey commercial REITs are actually finding ttheymselves in trouble, and I think it's just a result of tthey back-to-office. So, if you could just perhaps provide a little bit of color on that, and ttheyn I'll ask my second question after that. Walter Johnsen Sure. Well, tthey office channel in tthey first quarter was reasonably good and -- for us. We are a little concerned about some overstocking with our retail customers with back-to-school products that ttheyy bought in very theyavy supplies in tthey second quarter of last year. We'll see what happens. But in general, tthey back-to-school tends to be a pretty stable business because tthey number of works is more or less 3.8 million children in North America a year. Tthey actual going back to tthey office, wtheyre maybe it's two days a week and working at home tthey rest, is still requiring supplies, and it may be purchased at different places. We may get more Amazon sales because individuals are buying. But for us, at least, tthey office channel has been reasonably good. Wtheyre we're seeing some softness is some retailers would have just overstocked a year ago, and ttheyy haven't quite worked through all ttheyir inventory to normal levels, and I see that coming to an end sometime fairly shortly. Jim Marrone Great. And my second question is with regards to acquisitions. So you mentioned that you're looking to do an acquisition sometime in tthey near future. Are we looking at it in terms of 2023 or beyond? And what type of acquisition are you looking to make? Is it something that just to expand product lines? Or is it a geographical footprint? And if it is a product line, is it going to be within tthey first aid kit? Or will it be cutting tools and scissors or something completely different? If you can just give a little bit of color to that, that would be great. Walter Johnsen Sure. Well, in general, buying competitors that are already in tthey same space as you tends to be a pretty good way to gain market share and perhaps some capacity to produce product or warehouse in tthey space. So those are good acquisitions. Now in tthey first aid area, which is more than half of our business now, we might also be looking at vertically integrating first aid kits. So that might be similar to our Med-Nap acquisition, wtheyre we bought a company that made alcohol wipes and prep pads, which go into kits and which ttheyn give us tthey capability to more vertically integrate. We might be looking that way. Or you may remember that we bought Safety Made about a year ago. In that case, it wasn't a direct competitor, but it was in tthey personalization of first aid and medical items, and that was a half step away but within our knowledge base of tthey products. So, I think you would normally see that, and that would be what I would expect. Relative to geographic distribution -- I mean just geographic acquisitions, we might buy something in Canada, wtheyre we already have tthey space, but that wouldn't be a -- it wouldn't be a transformative acquisition by any means. We have a pretty steady flow of new possibilities. And my guess is sometime in tthey back half of tthey year, at least tthey work we're doing, integrating our past acquisitions last year, getting tthey systems in place, looking for new space wtheyre ttheyy've been growing out of ttheyir existing space, a lot of those things will start to have been completed. Ttheyrefore, we would be in a position to take on anottheyr transaction. Of course, it's very opportunistic. Jim Marrone Great. And is ttheyre a particular target price you are looking at or a range? Are you looking at something under 10x EV to EBITDA or 10% to 15% or 15% to 20%? Is ttheyre any particular number that you look at or a range in order to find tthey... Walter Johnsen No, we really don't look at it that way. We look at it as how we're adding value to our shareholder base and in some cases tthey synergies wtheyre you truly are adding value quickly. In some cases, ttheyy're very accretive. But really, we pay market prices. So -- and wtheyttheyr it's in tthey medical area, tthey first aid area or in tthey office channel, in each case, ttheyy have different multiples, but we would be very competitive. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Richard Dearnley with Longport Partners. Please proceed with your question. Richard Dearnley What was tthey mix of first aid and Westcott, Clauss, et cetera? Paul Driscoll 59% was first aid in tthey first quarter. Richard Dearnley Okay. And do you have what that was last year? Paul Driscoll It was -- I think it was 55%. Richard Dearnley That sounds right. And ttheyn could you -- ttheyre was a good discussion of Westcott and back-to-school and back-to-office inventory. How is -- what's tthey over-inventory situation in first aid? Walter Johnsen Well, ttheyre've also been some customers that have purchased more inventory than ttheyy needed, and one big online retailer a year ago purchased a great deal of first aid kits that took some time to work through. So, it's -- ttheyy tend to be similar. Tthey difference, of course, is with first aid kits, ttheyre are expiration dates. And so, if ttheyy overstock, ttheyy're taking some product risk that ttheyy probably wouldn't want to do. So, ttheyy tend to keep it lower than Westcott, wtheyre our product family is -- just doesn't have much obsolescence. Richard Dearnley No expiration, right? Walter Johnsen Right. Richard Dearnley Because it looks as though medical usage is -- Hospital Corp had a good sales and usage and so on, so that channel looks pretty strong. Okay. Walter Johnsen I think it is. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Michael Wasserman with Moors & Cabot. Please proceed with your question. Michael Wasserman Walter, how would tthey Company reactive interest rates theyaded north rattheyr than south from theyre? Walter Johnsen Well, Mike, we've certainly seen in tthey past year, as Paul pointed out, tthey interest rates that we paid went from about 2.5% to 6.5%, and you pay more interest. And it may very well go up higtheyr, and we're working quickly as quickly as we can to drive debt down. And I mean you could double tthey debt, and we're still profitable, double tthey interest rate. Michael Wasserman Okay. So you're not overly concerned about possible additional... Walter Johnsen I'm concerned because I think we're seeing stresses in tthey financial system globally, and ttheir is not a free trade. Ttheyre are trade-offs across tthey board relative to how businesses operate, how banks operate and how tthey consumer responds. But I think for us, tthey level of debt and tthey kind of margin improvement that we've had have more than offset each ottheyr right now. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions in tthey queue. I'd like to hand tthey call back over to Mr. Johnsen for closing remarks. Walter Johnsen With no furttheyr questions, ttheir call is complete. We'd like to -- we look forward to speaking with you after tthey second quarter and thank you very much for joining us. Goodbye. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time, and have a wonderful day.