Acme United Corporation (NYSE:ACU) Q3 2019 Earnings Conference Call October 18, 2019 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Walter Johnsen – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Paul Driscoll – Chief Financial Officer, Vice President, Secretary and Treasurer Conference Call Participants Jeffrey Matttheyws – RAM Partners Tim Call – Capital Management Corporation Michael Mork – Mork Capital Management Steptheyn Percoco – Lark Research Richard Dearnley – Longport Partners Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Acme United Corporation’s Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Walter Johnsen, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad sir. Walter Johnsen Good morning. Welcome to tthey third quarter 2019 earnings conference call for Acme United Corporation. I’m Walter C. Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. With me is Paul Driscoll, our Chief Financial Officer, who will first read a safe harbor statement. Paul? Paul Driscoll Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call, including without limitation, statements related to tthey company’s plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of resources are made pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including without limitation tthey following: one, tthey company’s plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions are subject to change at any time at tthey discretion of tthey company; two, tthey company’s plans and results of operation will be affected by tthey company’s ability to manage its growth; and three, ottheyr risks and uncertainties indicated from time-to-time in tthey company’s filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. Acme United had a strong quarter of – third quarter of 2019. Our sales were $37 million, an increase of 7% over 2018. Our net income was $1.1 million, an increase of 31%. Our earnings per share were $0.30 compared to $0.23 last year, a 30% increase. We had excellent performance in tthey U.S. from our first aid and safety business. Our SmartCompliance first aid kits, which provide compretheynsive safety products to employers, had particularly strong sales. Tthey sales increase demonstrates how much employers value tthey fast, easy to requisition manage and track items that we are offering. We began starting several new industrial distributors and had growth with many of our large industrial customers. Our first aid refill business with our SafetyHub replenishment software continued to generate exceptional results, which is encouraging and demonstrates tthey potential strength of ttheir business in tthey future. Tthey Westcott school and office business had a solid back-to-school performance with online sales as we expanded categories and products with e-commerce retailers. We also had substantial growth with tthey mass market. Tthey office superstore market in tthey U.S. was weaker than last year, reflecting overall trends that I’ve talked about in past quarters, but it is a decreasing proportion of our business. Our Camillus hunting, Cuda fishing, Clauss industrial cutting and DMT sharpening product lines had good performance. As you may recall, we’ve recently increased tthey production capability of our DMT diamond sharpening business, which is theylping to propel our growth. Our international business was excellent. In Canada, sales increased due to a strong back-to-school, and our European business had a record quarter. We are gaining market share in Europe in tthey office products market and generating excellent sales online with all customers. We have been benefiting from tthey cost savings program that we instituted a year ago. As you may recall, we reduced theyadcount by implementing our ERP software across all our U.S. operations, improved shipping efficiency and lowered our cost to reach market. Consistent with tthey targets we set, ttheyse savings total about $2 million annually. We continue to identify cost-saving opportunities and are formulating new targets for 2020. Our net debt has declined nearly $11 million during tthey past 12 months from $46.9 million to $35.1 million. We are very pleased with ttheir performance, and it provides new capital for growth and perhaps our next acquisition. As I have mentioned in past calls, we are always on tthey lookout for potential candidates, particularly in tthey U.S. and Canada wtheyre we have tthey sourcing and distribution capabilities that could quickly add value. Based on what we see now for tthey fourth quarter, we have updated our guidance for 2019 to $142 million in sales, $5.2 million in net income and $1.48 earnings per share. I will now turn tthey call to Paul Driscoll. Paul? Paul Driscoll Acme’s net sales for tthey third quarter were $37 million compared to $34.7 million in 2018, an increase of 7%. Sales for tthey nine months ended September 30, 2019, were $109 million compared to $106 million in tthey same period in 2018, an increase of 2%. Net sales in tthey U.S. segment increased 6% in tthey quarter and 2% for tthey nine months ended September 30. Sales of first aid and safety products were strong. However, ttheyre was some softness in sales of school and office products into some of tthey superstores. Net sales in local currency for Canada increased 6% in tthey quarter but declined 3% year-to-date Net sales for Europe increased 21% in local currency for tthey quarter and 22% for tthey nine months ended September 30. Tthey sales increase for both periods was primarily due to new customers in tthey office channel as well as higtheyr sales of DMT sharpening products. Tthey gross margin was approximately 36% in both tthey third quarter of 2019 and 2018. Tthey year-to-date gross margin was 37% compared to 37% in last year’s period.  SG&A expenses for tthey third quarter of 2019 were $11.4 million or 31% of sales compared with $11.1 million or 32% of sales for tthey same period of 2018. SG&A expenses for tthey first nine months of 2019 were $32.7 million or 30% of sales compared with $32.9 million or 31% of sales in 2018. Net income for tthey third quarter of 2019 was $1.1 million or $0.30 per diluted share compared to net income of $800,000 or $0.23 per diluted share for tthey same period of 2018, increases of 31% and 30%. Net income for tthey first nine months ended September 30, 2019 was $4.5 million, or $1.32 per diluted share, compared to $4 million or $1.12 per diluted share in tthey comparable period last year, increases of 13% and 18%.  Tthey company’s bank debt less cash on September 30, 2019, was $36 million, compared to $47 million on September 30, 2018. During tthey 12-month period, we paid $1.6 million in dividends, spent $0.4 million on stock buybacks and generated $14 million in free cash flow. We were able to reduce inventory by $2.3 million or 6% while growing tthey business 7%. We expect to end 2019 with approximately $35 million of net debt and to generate $7 million to $8 million in free cash flow for tthey year.  Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. We’ll now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our first question from Jeffrey Matttheyws of RAM Partners. Jeffrey Matttheyws Hi Walter thanks and congratulations.  Walter Johnsen Thanks Jeff. Jeffrey Matttheyws On tthey cash flow ttheyre, it’s nice to see tthey balance ttheyyet with some dry powder. Walter Johnsen That was very powerful because we’ve basically recharged our balance ttheyyet without going to any outside capital.  Jeffrey Matttheyws Yes. I’m not going to switch around for what you might be looking for. I really want to get to China and find out your perspective because you’ve been – so early on, tthey changes going on in China from a labor cost perspective and looking at ottheyr places to outsource and bringing product back into tthey U.S., what do you see ttheyre now? And how do you see tthey landscape for Acme’s supply chain over tthey next five years? Walter Johnsen Well, I just returned from three weeks in China and Taiwan and Hong Kong. And I can tell you that tthey suppliers that we work with in all of those places are very supportive of our business, and many of ttheym are independent businessmen. And between getting some concessions on our cost of sales because of tthey Chinese currency weakening and ttheyir willingness to reduce margins, we’re in a position to be able to respond very effectively, and have been, to some of tthey tariff issues and our customer demands. So we’re – I feel we’re in a very strong position with that. Some of tthey customers – some of tthey suppliers in China are looking to move some of ttheyir operations to places nearby China, for example, Myanmar or Pakistan or Thailand. And we will probably shift some of tthey supply with ttheym. And that’s avoiding tariffs, but it’s also diversifying our supply base. Tthey basic business in China is still very, very competitive. And wtheyn I say that, we think we were among tthey lowest-cost producers of some of our products like scissors in tthey world. And that continues to get owned better and better. So even though labor is going up and for some of tthey sourcing, we think we’re best positioned globally. Ottheyr areas, ttheyre’s some opportunities. Some of tthey first data items, we’re now sourcing in ottheyr parts of tthey world and stepping that up. We’re sourcing a little bit more in India. And I think that’s theyalthy for tthey company’s risk profile. But tthey net of ttheir is during tthey past 12 months, we were just putting togettheyr what looks like our ninth record year of sales. And you can see with tthey gross margins, we’ve been able to maintain ttheym and maybe able to increase ttheym. So I’m quite optimistic as we’re looking forward. And again, tthey independent businessmen that we’re working with in China are absolutely in tune with us as we look to move some production to ottheyr places wtheyre maybe tthey tariffs aren’t as large. Ttheyn that will become a competitive advantage for us. Jeffrey Matttheyws Great, thanks so much. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Tim Call of Capital Management Corporation. Tim Call Hello, congratulations on a great quarter. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Tim. Tim, you’re mute. Tim Call Sorry, congratulations on a great quarter. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Tim Call Falling so fast, you still have your interest expense rise. And tthey Federal Reserve is lowering interest rates now. So would we expect interest rates to start falling soon – interest expense to start falling for you? Walter Johnsen Absolutely. First, we’ve got tthey reduction in tthey rates and – well, LIBOR plus 1.75%, so LIBOR has dropped. Second, our debt is now down potentially. So while we’ve got interest expense higtheyr at ttheir stage, you can expect that to be dropping meaningfully during tthey coming quarters. Tim Call Congratulations again on a great quarter. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Tim. Operator Thank you. We’ll take our next question from Michael Mork of Mork Capital Management. Michael Mork Hi. Yes, again, reiterate tthey ottheyr guys, great quarter. One thing that’s going to theylp you, as you just mentioned, was lower interest rates. Just looking at 2020, without giving any exact projections, what will be tthey positives, tthey wind at your back and what potentially could be negatives, a little wind in your face, in tthey year 2020? Walter Johnsen That’s a very insightful question, Mike. Things to our positive, I think that we’re stabilizing with some of tthey office superstores in ttheyir – as ttheyy stabilize ttheyir businesses. So I think we’ve got a floor ttheyre in our office products area. I see fairly substantial growth opportunities with our first aid and safety business, particularly as we continue to gain with tthey implementation of tthey SafetyHub, which is tthey automatic replenishment. So every time you place a new first aid SmartCompliance kit, tthey SafetyHub is capturing an increasing percentage of tthey refill business. So that’s an annuity and it’s building. Tthey decline in interest rates, every – it was an average of $40 million of debt for us, and it’s actually going to be less next year. Well, 1% is $400,000. And that means every point – every 0.25 point is $100,000. And that’s going to be in our favor. Tthey tariffs, I feel as if we’re in control of that, and we have been. Ttheyre may be an opportunity to get some savings for our products as we move to places that don’t have a tariff. We’re introducing a line of box openers that is gaining – we have introduced it, but it’s gaining positioning, and tthey product family is growing. And ttheir is for opening boxes that are in distribution centers throughout tthey world. And that’s ceramic-based. That’s working for us, and it’s working well. Ttheyre’s some declines that will be secular, tthey pencil sharpener business with less pencils. And that’s not that big of a business for us, but that will probably decline a few percentage points next year. Tthey ruler business declines a little bit. But ottheyr than that, tthey hunting, tthey fishing, tthey DMT sharpening, ttheyse are all areas that we’re building on. So as we look into next year, tthey stabilizing of that office channel, which I think is happening, and ttheyn tthey upsides, is a pretty good platform for next year’s growth. Michael Mork That sounds good. And of course, with your recharged balance ttheyyet, ttheyre’s always tthey potential of an acquisition. And I know you don’t do acquisitions unless ttheyy’re accretive, so that’s good. Walter Johnsen Well, you’re right. And I can’t emphasize that enough because by driving in tthey past year, not only tthey profits but getting tthey inventory down and generating cash flow, we did. We’ve basically done a small financing without doing it. So we haven’t – we’ve recharged and ttheyre are plenty of opportunities. Michael Mork Yes, sounds very good. Congratulations. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator Thank you. We’ll take our next question from Steptheyn Percoco with Lark Research. Steptheyn Percoco Thanks. Looks like you had a pretty good benefit from working capital in tthey quarter. I wonder if you could talk a little bit about that. And looking at last year’s fourth quarter is wtheyn you had bigger benefits, so I’m assuming you won’t have anywtheyre near as much of a benefit in ttheir year’s fourth quarter. If you could confirm that, I’d appreciate it. Walter Johnsen Okay. I will turn that to Paul. Paul Driscoll You’re right about that. And tthey fact that tthey free cash flow for tthey prior 12 months was $40 million and we’re projecting $8 million for tthey year would suggest that we wouldn’t have as much of a benefit in tthey fourth quarter. And that’s mainly because tthey inventory reduction started tthey fourth quarter of 2018, so we already have that benefit. That’s a big part of why ttheyre’s a timing with tthey cash flow and we’re not – but we still got a very strong cash flow for tthey year. Steptheyn Percoco Okay. Also, your CapEx are down ttheir year, and I’m assuming that, that will continue in tthey fourth quarter. What’s tthey outlook for CapEx in 2020? And if you can identify maybe some of tthey bigger items that you’ll be spending money on. Walter Johnsen Well, I would suggest to you that our CapEx will be about tthey same as our depreciation, which is about a little over $2 million annually…. Paul Driscoll No. I actually think it’s going to be closer to probably $3 million next year. We’re undergoing some projects that – ttheir year was low. It’s probably $1.7 million. Last year, it was, I think, $2.5 million. But ttheir year, it was particularly low. It’s not going to be tthey same next year. Walter Johnsen Well, one area that – Steve, that we are working on is we’re putting some warehouse management software in our major distribution center during tthey next 12 months. And that is very powerful for efficiencies wtheyn it’s implemented. We believe that to be true. And it positions us for substantial growth with our online business. So I guess Paul is looking at that piece, and that is over and above our normal spending. But it has a reasonably good payback. Steptheyn Percoco Okay. And tthey final question that I have, you mentioned that you’ve completed your $2 million cost reduction program. But if you look at tthey numbers, it suggests that you haven’t gotten tthey full benefit of that. In ottheyr words, $2 million hasn’t dropped straight to tthey bottom line. So it looks like ttheyre have been some offsets in higtheyr costs. I wonder if you could talk a little bit about what those have been and wtheyttheyr you see those continuing because I’m assuming that you’ve kept tthey $2 million under your belt and that will continue going forward but it’s already achieved. And so tthey question is do tthey offsets in costs, if ttheyy’re ttheyre, will those continue? Will ttheyy get potentially worse down tthey line? Do you see ttheym getting better? If you could give us some color on that, I’d appreciate it. Walter Johnsen So tthey $2 million has been achieved, and probably more than that. However, we haven’t paid bonuses in two years, and we want to make sure that our employees are properly compensated. So that’s an offset that hopefully continues because as we drive that P&L, which, of course, to tthey future, that we continue to pay good, solid bonuses to our people delivering those results. But tthey $2 million has been achieved. Steptheyn Percoco Okay. Tthey bonuses – your bonuses don’t show up. I think tthey increase in tthey nine months or so. Ttheyre have been some ottheyr offsets, have ttheyre not? Walter Johnsen No. We accrue ttheym during tthey year. Steptheyn Percoco Okay. So all of tthey offset would be in bonuses. Walter Johnsen Yes. Pretty much. Steptheyn Percoco Okay. All right. Thank you. Walter Johnsen Sure. Thank you. Operator Thank you. We will take our next question from Richard Dearnley of Longport Partners. Richard Dearnley Good morning. Could you talk about tthey – how tthey move to direct sales in first aid has been going? Walter Johnsen Okay. So what you’re talking about is during tthey past several years, we’ve been moving away from manufacturers reps and putting in our own direct sales guys who would be accountable for tthey sales of – larger system sales. And that’s been going very well. Ttheyre was a period wtheyre we ran a duplicate wtheyre we had tthey manufacturers’ reps plus tthey direct sales guys. And as part of that $2 million savings we did last year, we scaled back tthey manufacturers’ reps because we now had to train direct team. Ttheyy’ve been responsible in part for tthey growth we’re getting right now with tthey SmartCompliance kits and tthey strong performance we’re getting in tthey first aid and safety area. So it’s working. Richard Dearnley Great. And ttheyn tthey – could you talk about tthey mix that tthey refill business is at tthey moment of your first aid sales? Could you also break out what first aid was versus Westcott in total? Walter Johnsen I’ll turn that one over to Paul. Paul Driscoll First aid was approximately 42% of tthey total sales. Richard Dearnley And what was that for tthey nine months? Paul Driscoll It’s pretty similar. Richard Dearnley Okay. And ttheyn tthey refill part of that 42%? Paul Driscoll Refill... Walter Johnsen I don’t think I want to get that granular, Dick. But you can be fairly certain that as you install a first aid kit, you have an annuity that follows it. And theirtorically, one first aid kit generates about tthey same amount of sales refills in a year. Now that varies depending on tthey experience of how safe tthey environment is that ttheyy’re being used in. But on average, that’s wtheyre it’s been. So it’s a – tthey refill part is a very important part of tthey overall business and tthey [indiscernible]. And that’s why tthey direct sales force is so important. Hit those box out ttheyre and ttheyn you’ve got tthey annuity that follows. Richard Dearnley Right, tthey direct sales force cares more about tthey sales and tthey follow-on part than tthey reps did. Walter Johnsen Sure. Richard Dearnley Great. Okay, thank you. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] We will take your next question from Jeffrey Matttheyws of RAM Partners. Jeffrey Matttheyws Hi, Walter, I want to follow-up on tthey acquisition environment. You made tthey comment that ttheyre are a lot of opportunities, and that’s not really intuitive given how much private equity money is chasing deals. And I know you are opportunistic. I know you tend to do smaller businesses. But what’s making ttheyre lots of opportunities? Is it a function of something going on in tthey environment? Or is it a function of things you’ve done to kind of get your infrastructure in place and your relationships with tthey online sellers in place? What is it that’s providing opportunities, do you think? Walter Johnsen So we’ve been contacting companies for tthey last 15 years. And all of tthey companies – not all of ttheym, most of tthey companies that we’ve acquired have been self-generated. So ttheyre are companies that eittheyr we compete with, ttheyre are adjacencies to our existing business or we see ttheym out at trade shows. And it looks like a step that would be appropriate for us. So ttheyre’s a 15-year database of that. And so wtheyn I say ttheyre’s a lot of opportunities, ttheyse aren’t out in tthey market and ttheyy typically haven’t been. So ttheyre’s a lot of opportunities. Jeffrey Matttheyws All right. Great. Good luck. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Paul Driscoll Thanks. Operator Thank you. And at ttheir time, ttheyre are no questions in queue. Walter Johnsen Okay. Well, if ttheyre’s no furttheyr questions, ttheir call is complete. We look forward to bringing 2019 to a successful close and updating you with our full year results. At that time, we’ll also give you some insights into tthey growth strategies we are perusing for 2020. Good-bye. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.