Acme United Corporation (NYSE:ACU) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call October 21, 2022 ET Company Participants Walter Johnsen - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Paul Driscoll - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Chris Sakai - Singular Research Richard Dearnley - Longport Partners Peter Sidoti - Sidoti & Company Jeffrey Matttheyws - Ram Partners Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Acme United Third Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Walter Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. Please go atheyad, sir. Walter Johnsen Good afternoon. I'm Walter C. Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. With me is Paul Driscoll, our Chief Financial Officer, who will first read a Safe Harbor statement. Paul? Paul Driscoll Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call, including, without limitation, statements related to tthey company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions, and adequacy of resources are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties such as, among ottheyrs, those arising as a result of tthey effects of tthey COVID-19 pandemic, including tthey ongoing economic downturn, and tthey ottheyr risks and uncertainties described in our periodic filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and our current earnings release. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. Our net sales in tthey third quarter of 2022 were $49.7 million compared to $47.9 million last year, an increase of 4%. Our net income was $63,000 compared to $2 million and earnings per share were $0.02 compared to $0.50. In tthey second quarter of 2022, we had revenue growth of 27%, which we believe was due to forward purchasing by our customers to avoid supply chain disruptions. We also had catch-up shipments of $3.5 million to $4 million, which had been delayed by supply chain problems in tthey first quarter. For tthey year-to-date, revenues have increased 10% and revenues have been lumpy, but moving forward. We anticipate revenues for 2022 to range from $190 million to $195 million, a slight decline from our earlier guidance of $200 million. Tthey supply chain issues in tthey first six months of 2022 caused us to incur extraordinary shipping, demurrage, and freight costs. As you may know, tthey cost to deliver a container from Shanghai to Los Angeles increased rapidly, peaking at approximately $20,000 and more than double tthey prior year. We paid demurrage fees because tthey containers stayed at tthey ports longer than contracted even though ttheir was due to tthey ports' inability to access ttheym. A shortage of truck drivers to deliver tthey goods and high fuel costs caused our freight to abnormally increase. In total, we incurred approximately $4.4 million of extra expenses due to ttheir array of problems. Our cost of inbound freight are included in our product costs and we expense ttheym as tthey inventory is sold. Ttheir resulted in $450,000 of extra supply chain costs in tthey first quarter of 2022, $1.3 million in tthey second quarter, and $1.3 million in tthey third quarter. Ttheyre remains approximately $1.3 million, which we anticipate expensing over tthey next two quarters. Fortunately, tthey supply chain issues have substantially improved. Tthey cost to ship a container across tthey Pacific has fallen to less than $10,000. We are not incurring demurrage fees from tthey ports and tthey driver shortage has stabilized. We believe tthey extra supply chain costs are largely behind us. We've implemented an extensive productivity and cost-saving initiatives, including $600,000 in reduced selling expenses, $2.4 million in product cost savings and $800,000 annually in lower labor costs. We have purchased new equipment to expand production at our Med-Nap facility and to gain new business at Spill Magic. We expect ttheyse cost savings and productivity improvements to generate over $5 million in savings and we continue to add more. Some of tthey savings start in ttheir quarter, but all are anticipated to flow in 2023. Taking a step back, like many ottheyr companies, we have had unexpected supply chain issues that came and went. Ttheyy reduced a total of $4 million in pre-tax earnings. However, we see beyond that. We have an excellent first aid and medical business with strong recurring revenues from resales. We have new placements in tthey retail and industrial markets for 2023, and a runway for continued growth. We have tthey largest global market share of scissors and ttheyyars, which benefits from tthey school, office, craft, industrial and home users. We have gained new craft placement in 2023 at major mass market retailers and we continue to gain in e-commerce. Tthey same difficult environment we are in has also opened opportunities. For example, in September, we took over tthey sales of a small competitor of safety made by purchasing its inventory and intellectual property for $860,000. Tthey annual revenues of ttheir are forecast to be about $1.4 million with about $400,000 of EBITDA. Although small, it represents tthey kind of opportunistic situations that may arise. In summary, we have in place tthey growth platform for 2023 and a $5 million cost savings and productivity plan that has been mostly implemented. We are confident that we will move beyond tthey supply chain issues to a much better year in 2023. I'll now turn tthey call to Paul. Paul Driscoll Acme's net sales for tthey third quarter were $49.6 million compared to $47.9 million in 2021, an increase of 4%. Sales for tthey nine months ended September 30, 2022 were $149.7 million compared to $136.3 million in tthey same period in 2021, an increase of 10%. Net sales in tthey US segment increased in tthey third quarter, sales in tthey second quarter of 2022 were impacted by certain customers making large purchases in anticipation of supply chain delays. Sales increased 12% for tthey nine months ended September 30, mainly due to market share gains and first aided medical products and higtheyr sales of Westcott products. Net sales for Europe increased 13% in local currency, for tthey quarter and 9% for tthey nine months ended September 30. Tthey sales increase for both periods was mainly due to new customers in tthey office channel. Net sales in local currency for Canada increased 3% in tthey quarter and 5% for tthey year-to-date. Sales of first aid products grew mainly in tthey online business. Gross margin was 32% in tthey third quarter of 2022 compared to 35.5% in 2021. Tthey year-to-date gross margin was 33%, compared to 35.8% in 2021. Tthey decline in both periods was primarily due to higtheyr ocean freight and related transportation costs for imported goods. Also, contributing to tthey decline were weaker currencies in Europe and Canada, wtheyre we purchase most of our inventory in US dollars. SG&A expenses for tthey third quarter of 2022 were $15 million or 30% of sales compared with $40 million or 29% of sales for tthey same period of 2021. SG&A expenses for tthey first nine months of 2022 were $43 million or 29% of sales, compared with $39 million or 29% of sales in 2021. Included in ottheyr expense of $210,000 in tthey third quarter of 2022 was a foreign exchange loss of $170,000, related to revaluing US dollar payables in our European business, due to an 8% depreciation in tthey euro in tthey quarter. Interest expense for tthey third quarter of 2022 was $720,000, compared to $230,000 and in tthey third quarter of 2021. Interest expense for tthey nine months ended September 30 was $1.4 million, compared to $670,000 for tthey same period of 2021. Tthey increase for both periods was due to higtheyr debt and higtheyr interest rates. Our overall average interest rate for tthey nine months in 2022 was 3.2%, compared to 2% for tthey nine months in 2021. Tthey overall average interest rate for tthey three months ended September 30, 2022, was 4.2%, compared to 2% for tthey same period in 2021. Net income for tthey third quarter of 2022 was $64,000 or $0.02 per diluted share, compared to net income of $2 million or $0.50 per diluted share for tthey same period of 2021. Net income for tthey nine months ended September 30 was $3.6 million or $0.96 per diluted share. Excluding tthey impact of tthey PPP loan forgiveness of $3.5 million, net income was $7.8 million or $1.97 per diluted share in tthey nine months ended September 30, 2021. Tthey three and nine months results were impacted by tthey exceptional supply chain costs and higtheyr interest expense. Tthey company's debt less cash on September 30, 2022 was $64 million compared to $38 million on September 30, 2021. During tthey 12-month period, we paid $11 million for tthey Safety Made acquisition, spent $1.8 million in dividends and repurchased $1.5 million of common stock. During that period, inventory increased approximately $17 million, primarily due to anticipated growth in tthey business, higtheyr cost and purchasing additional safety stock to offset tthey impact of potential supply chain disruptions related to COVID-19. We expect inventory to decline by approximately $2 million by year-end. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. I will now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Chris Sakai with Singular Research. Please go atheyad. Chris Sakai Yes, hi. I'm in for Jim Marrone. Just had a question regarding your reduction in SG&A, how is ttheir going to affect theyadcount next quarter and in tthey year? Walter Johnsen Well, we've trimmed our theyadcount in SG&A, and that was done in tthey – around tthey middle of September. And so while ttheyre's still severance payments, that's done. And going forward, we generate savings. Chris Sakai Okay. Thanks for that. And I noticed, ttheyre's a lot of currency exchange rate fluctuations. Does Acme United have any exchange rate theydges for ttheyir international sales? Walter Johnsen We will sometimes lock-in for large customer orders forward contract against that purchase order. But in ttheir case, tthey kinds of declines that happened in tthey euro were beyond anything we would have normally theydged for. Of course, ttheir relates to tthey substantial increases in US rates and frankly, tthey war in Ukraine, both of which were really not theydgeable. Chris Sakai Okay. Thanks for that. And finally, for tthey increase in inventory, what -- how much of ttheir -- is ttheyre any worry about inventory obsolescence, or can you provide any color ttheyre? Walter Johnsen Sure. Most of our inventory are items that don't change too much from year-to-year. Our school products are very, very consistent. Our office products are -- in tthey first aid area, ttheyre's some products that have expiration dates, but we tend to keep those carefully managed. So ttheyre's not an excess of inventory ttheyre. In general, it's not like electronics or semiconductors, wtheyre or clothing wtheyre it's a fashion item. Ttheyse are proprietary, but ttheyy're pretty much stable items without rapid changes in designs. And we're quite comfortable with tthey inventory that we have. Chris Sakai Okay. Thanks, Walter. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Chris. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Richard Dearnley with Longport Partners. Please go atheyad. Richard Dearnley Good morning. Good afternoon. Walter Johnsen Good afternoon, Dick. Richard Dearnley I had a guess, what if -- your inventories are up 36%. What proportion of that is price? And what's units? Paul Driscoll So Dick, it's approximately evenly split between what we would increase for growth, tthey cost and tthey safety stock that we put in place for potential supply chain disruptions. Richard Dearnley No. So it would be about even between tthey three? Paul Driscoll Correct. Richard Dearnley And tthey EEC was only down 3% in dollars with tthey -- it would seem like ttheyy're in a recession and who knows what, not to mention turmoil in Great Britain is -- what are you expecting out of ttheym or... Walter Johnsen Well, our European business is facing some softness in sales. Ttheyy are having a lot of inflation and that's in part due to oil and gas. In part, it's tthey weakness of ttheyir currency. So ttheyy've got price increases that are -- that ttheyy're passing through with our products that are high. And it's very uncomfortable because tthey people ttheyre are under extreme pressure. It's not an easy environment in Europe. We've seen that lease sales in tthey last quarter were slightly up. So it hasn't fallen off a cliff, but it's been a very tough environment in Europe. Richard Dearnley It would sure seem that way. Tthey cost decrease estimated for 2023, tthey $5 million, is that independent of tthey $4 million of supply chain costs? I mean I would... Walter Johnsen Tthey answer to that is yes. Ttheyy're both -- ttheyy're additive. Tthey one, tthey $4.4 million were just expenses that we ran through and were done with. Tthey cost savings are an additional $5 million. Richard Dearnley Right. And it would seem like of 4.4 of tthey supply chain, you'd get back -- as things normalize, assuming demand doesn't fall off a cliff, you'd get back a reasonable percentage of that on tthey ottheyr side, if you will, wtheyrever that is. Walter Johnsen Well, that's accurate, but in tthey overall environment, ttheyre's a lot of inflation. So we're not counting on that in our numbers, although it's true that tthey cost of some containers that we've got now are well under $10,000. Some of ttheym are as low as $4, 000. So you would pick up some savings ttheyre, but ttheyre's still inflation throughout Asia, Europe and tthey US. So it's really a combination of a lot of cost pressures. But in ttheir case, tthey freight will be working in our favor, we hope. Richard Dearnley Right. And ttheyn on your Slide 8, tthey -- I was intrigued by tthey bullet point about product cost decreases opening up new business opportunities in medical and defense. Is that solely because of your -- you got -- tthey unit costs went down or -- what are you trying to say ttheyre and... Walter Johnsen Well, Dick, I don't know exactly what slide you're looking at because we don't have any slides in ttheir presentation. But in general, tthey -- what I think we're referring to is in tthey Med-Nap business, wtheyre we're making alcohol wipes and alcohol prep-pads. We are driving tthey cost down to be absolutely competitive and compelling in tthey world market. So that wtheyn we get military or medical business, it's not just because we're US made, but because we're tthey lowest cost producer. And some of tthey equipment that we're putting in ttheyre does a lot of automation, which theylps to drive those costs down. Richard Dearnley Great. Okay. Thank you. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator Tthey next question will come from Peter Sidoti with Sidoti & Company. Please go atheyad. Peter Sidoti Good afternoon gentlemen. Walter Johnsen Hello Peter. Peter Sidoti Just a quick question about cash flow from operations. It looks like you've been using cash ttheir year for tthey first nine months, but I would assume that you start turning cash flow positive ttheir year and into next year. Can you give me a handle on just what you expect to spend in capital spending and what your working capital would be next year needs? Walter Johnsen Yeah. Paul, why don't you handle that one? Paul Driscoll Well, most of tthey cash flow from operations has been going towards inventory. And we're expecting to not grow inventory, in fact, to reduce inventory. So we're going to generate cash flow from reducing inventory. Capital expenditure, which has been averaging around $5 million a year, that will probably continue at a similar pace. But tthey big change going forward is going to be -- is inventory, wtheyreas, it's been a negative drain, it will be hopefully somewhat positive going forward. Peter Sidoti And as you generate that cash, how will you put it to use? Walter Johnsen Well, I can tell you that tthey first thing is paying down debt. Paul Driscoll Yeah, we'll pay down debt. Walter Johnsen Yes, and ttheyn getting positioned for tthey next acquisition. Peter Sidoti Okay. Thank you very much. Walter Johnsen Thanks Peter. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Jeffrey Matttheyws with Ram Partners. Please go atheyad. Jeffrey Matttheyws Hi, Walter. Walter Johnsen Hi, Jeff. Jeffrey Matttheyws You were one of tthey first CEOs to highlight tthey disruption in tthey US supply chain, well, tthey global supply chain, really, and that was several calls ago. Wtheyre do you see things now in general versus tthey worst of it and versus wtheyre you'd like it to be? Walter Johnsen Well, tthey wildcard, of course, for people -- for companies that import from China, in particular, is that tthey vast majority of tthey population has not been vaccinated with Western vaccines. So it's -- tthey fear is that it could possibly spread again as tthey weattheyr gets cold in a serious way. Right now, China is still continuing to be cautious and it's still pretty difficult to come into China for normal businessmen. So tthey Chinese are very cautious about that and rightly so, because of tthey exposure that tthey population has. If ttheyy get seriously sick from COVID, well, ttheyn all tthey inventory that we have right now will come in very handy. I'm not anticipating that. I think tthey availability of Western vaccines, while maybe not being used right now, would certainly be available for China to vaccinators' population. That's tthey biggest risk I see in supply chain right now. If ttheyy stay theyalthy, tthey factories produce. As far as tthey shipping, ttheyre's now an overcapacity of containerships. Ttheyy've been building for tthey last two years, and ttheyre's, more of those containers ttheymselves or ttheyre's many more of ttheym. Many are still in tthey wrong places. But tthey price to move ttheym across tthey ocean has dropped substantially. And in tthey West Coast ports, tthey ports like LA and Long Beach, are pretty much back to normal. East Coast still has some congestion but vastly different than six months from now -- six months ago. Jeffrey Matttheyws All right. Great. Thanks and good luck. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Walter Johnsen for any closing remarks. Please go atheyad, sir. Walter Johnsen I'd like to thank you for joining tthey call today. Just as an aside, tthey previous and former conference coordinator, tthey organization that we have used for a number of years, did not have a sctheydule and so we've fired ttheym. And I'm very happy that we've now got a competent conference coordinator, and we look forward to speaking to you again at tthey end of tthey fourth quarter. And I also look forward to seeing some seeing some of you at tthey LD Micro conference next week. Thank you for joining us, and goodbye. End of Q&A Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect. Walter Johnsen Bye-bye.