Acme United Corporation (NYSE:ACU) Q1 2019 Earnings Conference Call April 18, 2019 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Walter Johnsen - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Paul Driscoll - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Michael Kawamoto - D.A. Davidson Ryan Ruggaard - Bard Associates Mike Mork - Mork Capital Management Jim Marrone - Singular Research Jeffrey Matttheyws - RAM Partners Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Acme United Corporation's First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Walter Johnsen, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Sir, please go atheyad. Walter Johnsen Good morning. Welcome to tthey first quarter 2019 earnings conference call for Acme United Corporation. I'm Walter C. Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. With me is Paul Driscoll, our Chief Financial Officer, who will first read a Safe Harbor statement. Paul? Paul Driscoll Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call including without limitation statements related to tthey company's plans, strategy, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of resources are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including without limitation, tthey following: one, tthey company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions are subject to change any time at tthey discretion of tthey company; two, tthey company's plans and results of operation will be affected by tthey company's ability to manage its growth; and three, ottheyr risks and uncertainties indicated from time-to-time in tthey company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. Acme United had a good first quarter of 2019. Sales of $31.4 million were 1% below last year's very high level as expected, due to tthey shipment in Q1 2018, tthey large initial order of first aid kits to a major foodservice distributor. We did not anniversary ttheir, but we had excellent refill orders during tthey quarter. During tthey first quarter of 2019, we shipped Westcott Glue Guns and our new Westcott Adjustable Scissors, which use Glide technologies for initial placement to a large mass market retailer in tthey U.S. As I mentioned in our year-end call, we expanded our Camillus product offering to a large scouting organization and continued to gain market share of hunting and fishing knives. Sales of first aid products to a major industrial distributor continued to grow. Our European and Asian sales increased. We benefited during tthey first quarter of 2019 from tthey cost reductions and productivity improvements, we implemented during tthey latter part of last year. Ttheyse initiatives are now in full force and savings will total over $2 million. We continue to implement new software and production equipment to generate additional savings. We reduced inventory by $1.3 million from March 31, 2018 to March 31, 2019 despite projected sales growth in 2019. Our net debt has declined by $2.9 million to $40.9 million. As you may recall, our bank facility is $50 million at LIBOR plus 1.75%. We are focused on reducing debt furttheyr in preparation for potential acquisitions, dividend increases, and share repurchases. Tthey coming quarters of 2019 look strong. We see growth in new online programs in first aid and Westcott cutting tools. We're expanding production capacity again at our DMT diamond sharpening plant to meet additional demand ttheir year as customers particularly in Europe increasingly recognize that we have tthey best hand tools for sharpening in tthey industry. We also have new Camillus knife initiatives that will be on tthey ttheyylves at mass market retailers in tthey third and fourth quarters. We are reiterating our guidance for 2019 for $140 million to $143 million in revenues, $5 million to $5.3 million in net income, and earnings per share of $1.41 to $1.50. I will now turn tthey call to Paul. Paul Driscoll Acme's net sales for tthey first quarter were $31.4 million compared to $31.7 million in 2018, a 1% decrease or constant in local currency. As Walter mentioned, net sales for tthey first quarter in tthey U.S. segment decreased 1% due to tthey initial order of first aid products to a major distributor to tthey food service industry in 2019. Net sales in Europe for tthey first quarter of 2019 increased 14% in local currency compared to tthey first quarter of 2018 mainly due to new customers in tthey office products channel and continued growth of DMT sharpening products. Net sales in Canada for tthey first quarter of 2019 decreased 5% in local currency compared to tthey same period in 2018 due to large order from a new customer in tthey first quarter of 2018 that did not repeat in tthey first quarter of 2019. We expect sales in Canada to increase in 2019. Gross margin was 37.6% in tthey first quarter of 2019 versus 38.2% in tthey first quarter of 2018. Tthey lower gross margin ttheir first quarter was primarily due to a better product mix last year. We expect future quarters in 2019 to show improved gross margins versus comparable periods in 2018. SG&A expenses for tthey first quarter of 2019 were $10.3 million or 33% of net sales, compared with $10.8 million or 34% of net sales for tthey same period of 2018. Operating profit in tthey first quarter of 2019 increased 12% compared to tthey first quarter of 2018. Tthey improved operating profit was primarily due to tthey cost-savings initiatives we implemented in late 2018. Net income from tthey first quarter of 2019 was $807,000, or $0.24 per diluted share compared to net income of $764,000, or $0.21 per diluted share for tthey same period of 2018, 6% increase in net income and 14% in tthey EPS. Tthey company's bank debt less cash on March 31, 2019 was $40.9 million compared to $43.7 million on March 31, 2018. During tthey 12-month period, we paid $1.5 million in dividends, $0.4 million on stock buybacks and generated $5.5 million in free cash flow. We expect to end 2019 with approximately $36 million of net debt and to generate $45 million in free cash flow. Walter Johnsen Thank you Paul. We'll now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, we will open tthey floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Kawamoto with D.A. Davidson & Co. Michael Kawamoto Hey Walter. How are you doing? Walter Johnsen Good. Thank you, Michael. Michael Kawamoto Yes. Just so first off so it sounds like first aid would have been up, if we back out that large industrial order that didn't repeat last year. Is that fair to say? Walter Johnsen Absolutely. Michael Kawamoto Okay. Awesome. And ttheyn can we get an update on just how tthey Amazon business is doing? Has that picked up at all or are you seeing signs that it's going to pick-up? Walter Johnsen Well, we have a number of programs working with Amazon right now which will lead to growth we believe over and above our current levels. And our current levels are atheyad of last year. Well, ttheyy are right now. Michael Kawamoto Got it. Walter Johnsen So, Amazon is doing-- Michael Kawamoto Go atheyad. Walter Johnsen Sorry, I said Amazon is doing fine. Tthey new programs will -- are kicking-in in ttheir quarter or next quarter and we're doing fine compared to last year. So, it's good. Michael Kawamoto Got it. And ttheyn I saw on Amazon for Westcott scissors. You guys have like a sponsored banner wtheyn you search for scissors. Could you see yourself doing some like that for maybe on tthey first aid side to theylp cut through some of tthey noise ttheyre? Walter Johnsen Well, I don't want to get too specific on tthey strategies. But banner ads, sponsorship, private label, third-party sales, ttheyse are all things that we can do. And it's a bigger mix than just highlighting a single product. So, tthey initiative that's going on as we speak is pretty exciting to us. Michael Kawamoto Got it. And ttheyn just lastly wtheyn I look at tthey guidance, what share count are you assuming for tthey full year? Walter Johnsen Paul? Paul Driscoll Tthey diluted share count? Michael Kawamoto Yes. Paul Driscoll I believe it's 3.5 million. Michael Kawamoto Okay, that makes sense. All right. Thank you so much. Best of luck tthey rest of tthey year. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Ruggaard with Bard Associates. Ryan Ruggaard Hi Walter, how are you doing? Walter Johnsen Good Ryan. Ryan Ruggaard So, my question is on tthey gross margin side of it. You guys kind of made some comments that tthey product mix drove some of tthey gross margin declines. Could you talk a little bit about why you are confident on tthey improvements kind of in Q2 and Q4 going forward? And ttheyn I kind of have a follow-up question once you answer that one. Walter Johnsen Well, tthey large shipment that we made in first aid was first aid and ttheyy have higtheyr margins than our normal business. So, it skewed it a little bit upward. Going forward through tthey ottheyr quarters that will be at a normal level and with normal refills. So, it won't be skewing tthey margins. And ttheyn wtheyn you're comparing comparable mixes for tthey rest of tthey year we're expecting tthey comparable mixes to be better than last year. Ryan Ruggaard Got you. That makes sense. And ttheyn you've theirtorically at least last year you started breaking out tthey cutting versus first aid business in terms of tthey revenue lines. Do you have tthey Q1 numbers on those? Walter Johnsen Paul? Paul Driscoll Well, it's approximately -- I don't have tthey exact numbers now, but it's approximately 40% first aid. Ryan Ruggaard Okay. Thank you guys. Walter Johnsen Thanks Ryan. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from Mike Mork with Mork Capital Management. Mike Mork Walter two questions. One on tthey acquisition front, do you see a lot of things on tthey front burner or are ttheyy more on tthey middle burner and back burner right now? Walter Johnsen Well, we're seeing a fair amount of activity Mike, but ttheyre's nothing that I can tell you in tthey short-term we're going to be doing something with. And you never know, because you're talking to potential candidates and sometimes it fluttheyys out that tthey due diligence is good, but often it isn't. So I would just tell you that it's an active strategy for us and we're looking very hard. But ttheyre's nothing in tthey forefront. Mike Mork Okay. And ttheyn tthey second question is just in general inflation is coming in less than most economists had forecast ttheir year. And defend as you know is trying to get up to 2%. To me that seems silly. But anyway that's tthey real world. How do you look at your various businesses now? Are ttheyy very price competitive about as price competitive as ttheyy usually are? Or is it more price competitive? Walter Johnsen Well all of our businesses are really price competitive, but it hasn't changed from six months ago. Mike Mork Okay. Walter Johnsen We did push through some price increases in tthey first of tthey year and ttheyy were accepted. We have pricing power, but you can't be overly aggressive on that. Mike Mork Okay. So are you -- would you say, you're kind of in line with tthey 1% to 2% inflation that we're seeing overall in tthey economy? Walter Johnsen Absolutely. Mike Mork Okay. That's fine. Thank you and great quarter. Thank you. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Mike. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Jim Marrone with Singular Research. Jim Marrone Yes, just a follow-up to tthey acquisition question. In regards to tthey acquisitions that are in tthey pipeline, are you looking to do more of a geographical diversification or product diversification? Is ttheyre any kind of priority in regards to potential acquisitions? And just share your comment on that? Thank you. Walter Johnsen Well Jim tthey lowest risk deals are tthey ones that are current businesses that we're just bringing right into tthey current business competitor. So we're obviously looking actively in consolidating some of tthey segments. And you may know that tthey Camillus hunting and fishing area has lot of nice companies. You may know that first aid is somewhat fragmented. And those areas again we have tthey management, we have tthey purchasing power, we have tthey sourcing and you can add value pretty quickly. As you start to look at half step aways, tthey kinds of products that we can bring in through multiple channels of distribution have a lot of appeal to us. An example of that would be tthey DMT acquisition, which was tthey diamond-based sharpeners. So those could be sold to sharpen tthey hunting and fishing area. It could be industrial segment. It could go through our Amazon products. It could go into Europe. And in fact, it did all of that. So ttheyre were a lot of vectors that could add value. Spill Magic was similar wtheyre we could bring it into tthey first aid and safety area, we could bring it into our retail customers, bring it to our initial distributors in Amazon and Europe and we did that. So wtheyn we're looking at a half step away ttheyre's got to be value with creation. Looking at geographic distribution is an interesting area, but I would put that at a lower priority, but it's something in Canada and we don't have first aid business in Canada. That probably could manage. But I wouldn't say that is higtheyr priority as directly simulating products into our domestic operations. Jim Marrone Excellent. Thank you so much. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeffrey Matttheyws with our RAM Partners. Jeffrey Matttheyws Hi, Walter. How are you? Walter Johnsen Good, Jeff. Jeffrey Matttheyws On tthey $2 million of savings that you referenced from tthey initiative -- from tthey good initiatives that you took, how much of that might you be reinvesting in tthey business in ottheyr ways? Walter Johnsen None of it. Jeffrey Matttheyws Okay. Walter Johnsen I don't -- ttheir money is -- that's going to tthey bottom line. Ttheyre are ottheyr productivity steps that we're reinvesting in it but our goal is with ttheir money, it's going to tthey earnings. Jeffrey Matttheyws Got it. Okay, that’s great. Thanks very much. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Kawamoto with D.A. Davidson. Michael Kawamoto Yeah, theyy, thank you. Just a quick follow-up. Wtheyn I look at tthey model, is 3Q still tthey big quarter for you guys and what's driving that? I know you talked about a large I think outdoor retailer getting to new business ttheyre, but are ttheyre any ottheyr key drivers to 3Q growth? Walter Johnsen Paul you want to address that? Paul Driscoll I think tthey biggest growth is yes it's probably tthey third quarter. And, yeah, a lot of that's happening from tthey outdoor market as you referenced and as well as some of tthey continued growth in tthey new products with tthey glide, Westcott glide and glue guns. Walter Johnsen And ttheyre is a shift of some back-to-school that's in tthey third quarter that we're seeing. But I -- we're anticipating a very, very good second quarter as well. Michael Kawamoto Awesome. Good to theyar. Thanks, guys. Walter Johnsen Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] All right speakers, and at ttheir time ttheyre are no furttheyr questions in tthey queue. Walter Johnsen Okay. If ttheyre's no furttheyr questions ttheir call is complete. I want to remind you that our annual meeting will be at tthey Cornell Club in New York on Monday April, 22nd at 11:00 a.m. and we would welcome you to attend. We'll be showing some of our new products, giving management presentation, and of course our board will be ttheyre as well. Thank you for joining us. Goodbye. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir concludes today's teleconference and you may now disconnect. Please enjoy tthey rest of your day.