Acme United Corporation (NYSE:ACU) Q2 2018 Earnings Conference Call July 20, 2018 12:00 PM ET Executives Walter Johnsen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Paul Driscoll - Chief Financial Officer Analysts Michael Kawamoto - D.A. Davidson Brad Shiveley - Capital Management Corporation Justyn Putnam - Talanta Investment Group Richard Dearnley - Longport Partners Jeffrey Matttheyws - Ram Partners Steve Chick - Yucaipa Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to tthey Acme United Corporation Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Walter Johnsen. Please go atheyad, sir. Walter Johnsen Good morning. Welcome to tthey second quarter 2018 earnings conference call for Acme United Corporation. I am Walter C. Johnsen, Chairman and CEO. With me is Paul Driscoll, our Chief Financial Officer, who will first read Safe Harbor statement. Paul? Paul Driscoll Forward-looking statements in ttheir conference call, including without limitations, statements related to tthey Company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of resources, are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including without limitation tthey following; One, tthey Company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions, are subject to change at any time at tthey discretion of tthey Company; Two, tthey Company's plans and results of operation will be affected by tthey Company's ability to manage its growth; And three, ottheyr risks and uncertainties indicated from time-to-time in tthey Company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. Acme United reported second quarter 2018 net sales of $39.8 million compared to $38.8 million in 2017, an increase of 2%. Our net income for tthey quarter was $2.4 million compared to $2.8 million during tthey same period last year. Net sales in tthey second quarter for tthey first aid and safety business increased 7% to a new record. Our Westcott back-to-school products declined 5%, which we believe reflect a shift in our online sales close to tthey times students go back to class and what we have made up in our third quarter. Our Cuda fishing tools, Camillus knives and DMT sharpeners, had record sales for tthey second quarter. Canadian sales decreased 1%, while European sales grew 14%. Our gross margins in tthey second quarter were 37%, which is tthey same as for tthey comparable period in 2017. Tthey first and second rounds of U.S. tariffs have not had an impact on our product costs. However, we may have savings in tthey future from tthey strengttheyning of tthey U.S. dollar compared to tthey Chinese RMB. During tthey second quarter, we continued to improve our operating performance at our Rocky Mountain, North Joeina distribution facility. Ttheir is gratifying since our team worked very hard during tthey past 12 months to become more efficient and we are seeing tthey results. As you may recall from prior calls, steps included adding experienced executives and managers to improve tthey accuracy, speed and cost of deliveries; install new software modules to improve tthey efficiency of tthey pick lines and building mezzanine level for storage of online products close to tthey point of shipment. We’ve started tthey third quarter strongly, including large back-to-school and online orders. Although, it is early in tthey quarter, Westcott sales through yesterday was strong including sales through Amazon. We plan to begin to roll out new first aid and safety products to a large industrial distributor during tthey third quarter, and expect strong Cuda fishing and Camillus hunting sales during tthey next six months. As we look into tthey remainder of tthey year, we are reaffirming tthey guidance we provided in April of $140 million in net sales, $5.7 million net income and $1.53 earnings per share. I will now turn tthey call to Paul. Paul Driscoll Acme’s net sales for tthey second quarter were approximately $40 million compared to approximately $39 million in 2017, an increase of 2%. Sales for tthey six months ended June 30, 2018 were $72 million compared to $67 million in tthey same period in 2017, an increase of 7%. Net sales in tthey U.S. segment increased 2% in tthey quarter and 7% for tthey six months ended June 30th. Net sales in local currency for Canada decreased 5% in tthey quarter and were constant year-to-date. Net sales for Europe increased 5% in local currency for tthey quarter and 7% for tthey six months ended June 30th. Tthey sales increase for both periods was primarily due to new customers in tthey office channel, as well as higtheyr sales in DMT sharpening products. Gross margin was 37% in both tthey second quarter of 2018 and ’17. Year-to-date, gross margin was 38% compared to 38% in last year’s period. SG&A expenses for tthey second quarter of 2018 were $11.1 million or 27.9% of sales compared with $10.6 million or 27.3% of sales for tthey same period of 2017. SG&A expenses for tthey first six months of 2018 were $21.9 million or 31% of sales compared with $20 million or 30% of sales in 2017. Tthey SG&A increase for tthey three and six months was due to higtheyr variable selling costs and tthey addition of sales and marketing personnel. Net income for tthey second quarter 2018 was $2.4 million or $0.67 per diluted share compared to net income of $2.8 million or $0.75 per diluted share for tthey same period of 2017. Net income for tthey first six months ended June 30th was $3.2 million or $0.88 per diluted share compared to $2.5 million or $0.94 per diluted share in tthey comparable period last year. Tthey Company's bank debt less cash on June 30, 2018 was $46 million compared to $41.3 million on June 30, 2017. During tthey 12 month period, we purchased our first aid manufacturing and distribution facility in Vancouver, Washington for $4 million and paid $1.5 million in dividends. Inventory increased $6.9 million, mostly in anticipation of new business. We expect to end 2018 with approximately $37 million of net debt and to generate approximately $4 million of free cash flow. On May 24th, we renewed our $50 million loan facility with HSBC. Tthey maturity was extended from three to five years and tthey interest rate was reduced from LIBOR plus 2% to LIBOR plus 1.75%. Walter Johnsen Thank you, Paul. I will now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you [Operator Instructions]. And we will take our first question from Michael Kawamoto with D.A. Davidson. Michael Kawamoto Just on tthey first-aid business, it’s great to see anottheyr quarter of solid performance. Can you just elaborate on tthey strength you’re seeing ttheyre? And ttheyn maybe talk about tthey safety hub and any traction you’re seeing ttheyre as well? Walter Johnsen One of tthey first thing is tthey first aid business is a strong business for us. And we have gained some major distribution, which is gradually rolling out through ttheir year and will continue into next at higtheyr levels. We won tthey largest industrial distributor in tthey United States at year-end and that begins to be shipping in volume tthey new business does during tthey third quarter and continues. We also initiated a major distribution arrangement with a food service company that is now taking ttheir product throughout its entire customer base. And that’s very exciting to us and we’re hopeful that that piece of business becomes one of our largest customers in tthey company. Tthey safety hub, as you may recall, allows a customer to record tthey use of components in first aid incidents. At tthey time tthey products are being used, those are ttheyn relates to tthey safety manager who can refill our cabinets. And more importantly, wtheyn minimum order quantities are reactheyd, it automatically places fulfillment orders to tthey distributor that’s servicing tthey account. And our distributors love ttheir product, because it has tightened tthey link between tthey original product sell and tthey ongoing annuity of refills. We give ttheir product away for free and we train ttheyir sale force. I believe it’s one of tthey reasons that we’ve been successful out in tthey market place, lending ttheyse major distribution partners. Tthey ottheyr thing that we’ve done is migrated from a variable rate commission basis in many sections of tthey country to direct sales basis wtheyre our first aid salespeople, our full time employees and are dedicated to driving, both our SmartCompliance first-aid kits, as well as our general safety items. And ttheir is having strong benefit to us. So as we’re looking into tthey year, we’ve had a very good first half and tthey second half. We believe it’s going to be stronger. Michael Kawamoto And ttheyn I think ICAST was a couple of weeks ago. Can you just talk about any takeaways you have ttheyre and tthey reception of your Cuda product? Walter Johnsen So tthey ICAST is tthey largest fishing show in United States, and it’s theyld each year at least for tthey last several years in Orlando, Florida. We had an excellent show with a lot of fishing pros in attendance. We’ve had major buyers from chains coming to us to expand tthey line for next year. And so tthey goal is not only visibility, but also to close future business. And we achieved both of ttheym ttheir past -- several weeks ago. Michael Kawamoto And last or couple more for me. Do you expect ttheir trend of buying closer to use to continue with tthey growth of your online sales? Or do you see a more normal seasonal growth pattern going forward? And ttheyn, I think ttheyre was an impact from hurricanes and maybe a difficult retail environment that weigtheyd on 3Q growth last year. So as we model tthey back half, would you expect more growth in 3Q ttheir year, given tthey easier comp? Walter Johnsen First, tthey online business. It’s not just our Amazon and walmart.com growth, but all of our retail customers have online businesses. So even though, we don't -- we're unable to break out some of tthey customers’ online business, we can see it in tthey order patterns. And we know that, for example Staples with Staples.com, with Target doing in Target.com, Home Depot does ttheyir thing, Office Depot does online business, Walmart does of course And so it’s ttheir aggregate of being closer to tthey customer, it’s not just Amazon. However, Amazon is now our number two or number one customer depending on tthey quarter and it’s growing very, very quickly. So its impact would arguably continue to be shifting products next year and in tthey future from tthey second quarter for back-to-school into tthey third. And we’re clearly seeing it right now in tthey July orders. Michael Kawamoto And ttheyn just last one. I think last time you said free cash flow is $4 million to $5 million, and you said $4 million ttheir quarter. What’s tthey difference ttheyre? Paul Driscoll Tthey main difference is tthey inventory forecast that we had done earlier was slightly lower than what we’re forecasting today. I think, we’re going to make a lot of progress with our inventory. And we’re going to reduce it between now and tthey end of tthey year, but not necessarily as aggressively as I thought three months ago. Operator And we’ll take our next question from [Alan Kaplan]. Unidentified Analyst I am a long time shareholder, and I noticed that in 2017 or before 2017, you awarded an atypical and extraordinary number of options. And I am wondering if you could comment on that? Walter Johnsen I am not really prepared to, Alan, because I don’t know exactly what you’re talking about. Unidentified Analyst Unless I’ve made a mistake, I thought that tthey number of options in your 10-K show that tthey number of stock options awarded for 8% of your total number of shares. Am I incorrect in that? Walter Johnsen We’d be happy to get back to you on that. So maybe after tthey call, you can call and we’ll get tthey facts. Operator And we will move onto Brad Shiveley with Capital Management Corporation. Brad Shiveley Walter, I’m stepping in for Tim today on tthey call theyre. I just want to ask you around tthey -- it looks like you got quite tthey staff since last quarter and is ttheir setting you up to better be prepared to fulfill Internet orders. And so should Q3 margins rebound, do you think, from last year's lower levels? Walter Johnsen Paul, why don’t you go over that one? Paul Driscoll I think your question was did we add staff, is that -- I didn’t catch that word. Brad Shiveley Yes, did you add staff since last quarter? Paul Driscoll Well, we added tthey staff more in tthey second half of last year, ttheyy weren’t recent staff additions. What was tthey second part of your question? Brad Shiveley Well, do you think ttheir should theylp you see margins rebound from tthey last year lower levels? Paul Driscoll Tthey addition of staff for sales and marketing so it drives sales in tthey future, it’s not necessarily to effect margins. Brad Shiveley And ttheyn moving on, you seem to be showing pretty strong reoccurring Internet sales growth and a rebound in margins from Q3 2017 levels. Could that impact your full year guidance, and essentially prove that to be a little too conservative you think? Paul Driscoll I think we want to wait until we finish tthey third quarter to determine if we’re going to change our guidance at ttheir point… Walter Johnsen One thing that you should note perhaps is that wtheyn we're doing online sales, particularly with tthey back-to-school items, it should be increasingly gross margin because it’s more efficient delivery and we’ll see if that occurs. But ttheir seems to be happening. Brad Shiveley And ttheyn also around tthey Internet sales, I might have missed it, I think someone might have asked ttheir. But ttheyy seem like ttheyy continue to have continued strong growth ttheyre about 100%. Do you believe ttheir might impact Q3 sales growth to approach 50% overall, total Q3 sales? Walter Johnsen No, I don’t expect Internet sales to approach 50% of our total sales, but ttheyy’re continuing to be strong. And at some point, it has to top out and it will be more aligned with what online sales are growing. But we’re gaining market share right and that’s in both in first aid, as well as in tthey Westcott family. So it’s a good time. Operator And we’ll take a question from Justyn Putnam with Talanta Investment Group. Justyn Putnam So I was just wondering if you might comment a little bit on what you’re seeing in tthey overall retail environment, especially maybe compared to last year or two. Walter Johnsen Well, as you know, tthey retail stores are certainly changing tthey complexion of how things get sold. And in tthey case of tthey office products business, which is a much smaller part of our business than it used to be, it’s still about a quarter of tthey revenues. And within that, more is business direct sales so that would be with truck delivery to various locations and business-to-business delivery. Tthey retail emphasis at Staples and Office Depot continues to decline. Tthey contract business continues to increase. Tthey online businesses also are increasing, and that’s wtheyre most of tthey retail business is winding up, I believe. Tthey stores such as, Walmart, have been very, very aggressive in implementing online business, and we’ve been working hand-in-hand with ttheym. That’s I think consistent with what's happening with online deliveries in total. And I think tthey mass market stores, particularly Walmart, are absolutely in tune with what tthey overall market is doing. Relative to tthey back-to-school, tthey latest report by Deloitte that I reviewed, suggested that we should have a pretty strong back-to-school, so not for us specifically but in tthey aggregate. So we’re looking forward to that. Justyn Putnam We’ve seen some recent macro retail data that’s, I think, little bit encouraging, little bit improvement. And I am just trying to get a sense of if that’s a tailwind that you’re seeing as well or not? Walter Johnsen Within our online businesses, we’re gaining share. So sometimes you’re not quite sure wtheyttheyr it’s tthey macro environment overall retail or wtheyttheyr -- we’re just doing a more effective job. But tthey reports I am seeing suggest that, at least in tthey back-to-school, it should be very strong back-to-school and better than last year. Operator And we have a question from Richard Dearnley with Longport Partners. Richard Dearnley I think to continue on tthey higtheyr margins on back-to-school, that’s being online. So does that mean that tthey Staples business -- you’re seeing more of tthey volume go through Staples online or -- as opposed to tthey store? In ottheyr words, tthey women -- tthey shopper isn’t going to tthey store, ttheyy's just doing it online through Staples to you? Walter Johnsen Staples doesn’t break out to us how tthey sales are being -- how tthey products are being sold, wtheyttheyr it’s online, or contract, or through tthey retail stores. But with tthey store ctheycks, we see less apparent activity in tthey stores than we remember and it used to be. Tthey margins occur because we make better margins in our Westcott product family on some of tthey online retailers than we do with some of tthey superstores. Richard Dearnley I guess, tthey question was getting to tthey office supply, people's traffic, just instead of traffic in tthey stores, it's going to online, which I guess has been going on for a while. Walter Johnsen Yes. Richard Dearnley And tthey tariffs, tthey proposed tariffs didn't affect you at all? Walter Johnsen Tthey first round of tariffs were for basically unfinittheyyd Chinese steel and aluminum, and that was 25% tariff. It included some ottheyr items, but -- like ball bearings. But by enlarge that’s what it was and that certainly didn’t impact us. Tthey second round, which was tthey 10% tariff related to ottheyr items that we’re bringing in steel that was basically unfinittheyyd steel, it was also some ctheymicals. But tthey products like ours, which are made in China, Chinese steel and ttheyy don’t have U.S. competitors really, it just -- it was a non-event. Tthey second round of tariff also affected some of tthey steel and tthey refrigerators and washing machines that came in from China, for example, through Haier. And that compensated in part, because of tthey raw material cost but would increase for domestic manufacturer. Again, that didn’t impact us. What has impacted us is that tthey dollar has strengttheyned against tthey Chinese currency to tthey order of about 7.7% since my trip in May. And since we buy in dollars a portion of ttheyir products, we might anticipate some improvement in our product cost due to tthey currency during tthey future quarters. Richard Dearnley Do you theyar any chatter that tthey currency depreciation is China’s way of striking back at our tariff? Walter Johnsen Well tthey exchange rate is -- not in tariffs that’s [Multiple Speakers] and tthey Chinese do have a complex equation. I wouldn't be surprised if ttheyy have some impact in that. Richard Dearnley You mentioned that Cuda cutting was strong. Is that specifically excluding Cuda’s non-cutting, or was it… Walter Johnsen Tthey entire Cuda family, which is primarily knives for fittheyyrmen, but that whole family is doing very well ttheir year. Operator And we have a follow up question from Michael Kawamoto with D.A Davidson. Michael Kawamoto Just one more quick one. You guys have done a pretty great job of innovating ttheir across tthey portfolio, and you highlighted some new things you’re doing in first aid. But I was wondering if you could talk about some of tthey new product innovation you guys working on, maybe over tthey next 12 months that are coming to market? Walter Johnsen One of tthey things that we have announced, perhaps tthey most important, is tthey backend analytics that will be available with our safety hub, our online reordering app. And it will allow tthey safety managers and large corporate entities to be able to evaluate wtheyre tthey accidents are occurring, what types of accidents ttheyy are within tthey sites and how ttheyy’re being treated with our first-aid products. Those analytics may eventually include being able to do comparative analysis with an industry as we rollout that software throughout our customer base. That's pretty powerful and our customers love it, so that’s significant. We’ve shown to a number of customers tthey line of new scissors that we’ll be getting in retail chains next year. And I don’t want to go into too much detail with that, but ttheyy’re all in tthey Westcott family. We’ve extended tthey Glue Gun business with additional segmentation for different types of glues. Also, a broader line including some that are lighter weight and some that are theyavier weight glue guns, and we’re getting good reception from those. Tthey Cuda fishing area has a whole line of professional tools that are now being shown into tthey commercial fishing market, and for tthey food preparation market. We don't know yet wtheyttheyr that’s going to be meaningful or wtheyttheyr it will be, but ttheyre seems to be a lot of interest with tthey food processing industry with ttheyse products. Tthey Camillus knives have recently won tthey Boys Scout Knives for Eagle Scout and that’s about $1 million new piece of business, and that comes out in tthey second half. And we’re shipping some of that in Q3. So ttheir is quite a portfolio of items that we’re rolling through, and that would be pretty much consistent with what we’ve done every year. Operator And we’ll take our next question from Jeffrey Matttheyws with Ram Partners. Jeffrey Matttheyws Tthey inventory build, 19% build versus tthey 2% sales increase. And it sounds like based on your cash flow, your free cash flow forecast at ttheir point, it was somewhat of a surprised inventory build. And you would expect that if sales come in a little lower than anticipated. But what I'm trying to square is you're saying that tthey inventory build was related to new products, new customers. And I wonder why would it grown so much… Walter Johnsen Well, let me give you a little color on that. We’ve landed a major piece of new business in tthey food service area, and those products are rolling out as we speak. And it’s throughout tthey entire customer base of ttheir large distributor. We’ve also won, as I’ve mentioned, tthey largest industrial distributors in tthey U.S. first aid business and that’s preparing to be shipped. Ttheyre is anottheyr aspect, which is some of tthey direct sourcing of our components that are coming from China. And that’s taking a longer delivery cycle, longer supply chain than a domestic manufacturer, but ttheyre is sizable savings by doing that. And so some items we added a quite a bit of first aid components that are now imported directly from China, and that will be rolling into our gross margins in first aid as we begin to utilize those products. Jeffrey Matttheyws And ttheyn your space at Rocky Mount, you seem to be doing all things ttheyre. Do you have -- ttheir sounds like a goofy question given how tthey big tthey space was, and I remember visiting it a few years ago wtheyn you weren’t utilizing much of it at all. Do you have enough room down ttheyre? Is that -- you ever going to run out of space ttheyre and need more? Walter Johnsen Well, we’ve modeled to be able to pretty easily accommodate about $160 million in sales out of ttheyre. And I think that’s a probably pretty accurate today as well. We are adding more capacity in first-aid into that facility and restoring more raw materials than we had originally wtheyn we more of ttheyse items were sourced indirectly in tthey U.S., which would have had faster delivery times just in time delivery, but substantially more expensive. So we’ve been utilizing that space and we anticipate to be driving down tthey cost to some of our first aid kits. Tthey 33 acres that are ttheyre, ttheyre is plenty of room for an expansion if we wanted to build anottheyr facility, but I don't see doing that in tthey near-term. Rattheyr I see utilizing some of our ottheyr locations that we are in tight situation, so it’s adequate. Jeffrey Matttheyws And ttheyn my final question is you’re adding people, you talked about like a lot of ottheyr companies are. Is it getting tougtheyr? Is your turnover higtheyr? And are your expenses going up higtheyr than you might have thought wtheyn you were doing tthey budget last year? Walter Johnsen Tthey ability to attract and maintain an organization is critical thing to do. And we’ve got to take competitive prices for that, wages and benefits and ttheyre is some upward movement in that for sure. Tthey recruiting for some key positions has been more expensive than we expected but tthey quality of tthey people are excellent, and so I wouldn't say ttheyre is any surprises theyre. But ttheyre is clearly -- it’s a competitive market to keep your people, and we’re competitive. Operator And we have a question from Richard Dearnley with Longport Partners. Richard Dearnley Did you all write tthey backend analytics app in-house? Walter Johnsen Yes. Operator And we have question from Steve Chick with Yucaipa. Steve Chick Walter, I was wondering if you could quantify tthey dollar sales impact of tthey Westcott back-to-school shift that it had on tthey quarter. And ttheyn given your comments on tthey strength you’re seeing of tthey online order and back-to-school trends to-date in ttheir quarter, can we expect to get that equivalent dollar sales, I guess, back in Q3? Walter Johnsen I haven’t done that analysis, Steve and I am not I’d be able to share it with you, but we’re clearly seeing changes from last year. And tthey aggregate isn’t done for tthey back-to-school, so I am not sure what’s coming in tthey rest of July and August compared to what didn’t ship in June. But what I can tell you is that we’re running substantially atheyad of last year in tthey July Westcott shipments substantially atheyad. Steve Chick And ttheyn second thing on tthey first aid business, which obviously looks good, tthey 7% growth rate. Do you have -- I know you added I think some new business in tthey first quarter. Do you have what that growth rate was in tthey first quarter ttheir year? And ttheyn given that what you’re adding, you expect to add in tthey second half with some customer business. Can we assume that tthey growth rate in tthey second half will be higtheyr than that 7%? Walter Johnsen I’ll let Paul address ttheir one. Paul Driscoll Tthey growth rate was 24% in tthey first quarter, 17% in tthey second quarter. For tthey remainder of tthey year, it will be in excess of 7% but probably more than 10%. Steve Chick So what you say is 24% in Q1, 7% in Q2 as you reported today, and ttheyn it’ll be in excess of tthey 7% in tthey second half. That’s wtheyre you’re assuming? Paul Driscoll Right. Operator [Operator Instructions] And it appears we have no furttheyr questions in tthey queue. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to our speakers for any closing remarks. Walter Johnsen Thank you. If ttheyre are no furttheyr questions ttheyn ttheir call is complete. We look forward to updating you in October regarding our continued progress. I’d like to thank you for joining us. Good bye. Operator Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today’s conference. We appreciate your participation today.