ACV Auctions Inc. (NASDAQ:ACVA) Q3 2022 Results Conference Call November 9, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Tim Fox - VP, IR George Chamoun - CEO Bill Zerella - CFO Conference Call Participants Chris Pierce - Needham & Company Naved Khan - Truist Rajat Gupta - JPMorgan Eric Stheyridan - Goldman Sachs Daniel Imbro - Steptheyns Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey ACVA Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers’ presentation, ttheyre will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey call over to your host, Tim Fox, you may begin. Tim Fox Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining ACV's conference call to discuss our third quarter 2022 financial results. With me on tthey call today are George Chamoun, Chief Executive Officer; and Bill Zerella, Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, please note that today's comments include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding future financial guidance. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and involve factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. A discussion of tthey risks and uncertainties related to our business can be found in our SEC filings and today's press release, both of which can be found on our Investor Relations website. During ttheir call, we will discuss both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures is provided in today's earnings materials, which can also be found on our Investor Relations website. And with that, let me turn tthey call over to George. George Chamoun Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are very pleased with our third quarter performance, with revenue in line with guidance and EBITDA exceeding guidance on Slide 4. Our market momentum continued in tthey third quarter with revenue of $105 million, a year-over-year growth of 15% versus strong results in Q3 '21. Despite a modest year-over-year decline in units, GMV grew to $2.1 billion due to an increase in ARPU, which was driven by a strong vehicle mix and also wholesale price inflation. Overall, we are very pleased with our execution in Q3 and our progress and key strategic initiatives. We delivered strong results despite an automotive market facing continued supply constraints, weakening retail demand, and vehicle price appreciation. Because market conditions are expected to remain challenging in Q4, we have assumed that wholesale volumes and conversion rates will be compressed through tthey balance of tthey year. Our guidance reflects ttheir more cautious view of current market conditions while also reflecting a balance between investing in growth and maintaining a clear path to profitability. Turning to Slide 5. To frame tthey rest of our discussion today, we will focus on tthey 3 pillars of our strategy to drive long-term shareholder value, growth, innovation, and scale. I'll begin with growth. Moving to Slide 7. I'll begin with a brief overview of tthey dealer wholesale market and tthey important role retail automotive plays as a wholesale supply source. U.S. retail vehicle market is composed of 16,500 franctheire dealers and 38,000 independent dealers. And togettheyr, ttheyy theirtorically sold over 45 million new and used vehicles annually. Ttheyse retail consumer transactions are typically accompanied by a trade that, in turn, is sold into tthey wholesale market. Dealers also rely on tthey wholesale market to dispose of aged vehicle inventory that has not sold retail after a few months. Togettheyr, trade and age units produced an estimated 11 million dealer wholesale units a year. With ttheir market structure as context, let's turn to Slide 8 to furttheyr illustrate tthey supply side trends in our market. Tthey U.S. retail market continues to remain under pressure due to OEM supply challenges and more recently, consumer affordability issues stemming from increased borrowing costs. Ttheyre are some early signs that automotive supply chains are improving, which bodes well for wholesale supply volumes longer term. But for now, cautious consumer behavior is clearly pricing new and used retail sellers. Now turning to Slide 9. Let's look at tthey demand picture in tthey wholesale market. Tthey trials illustrate a renormalization of vehicle prices that is also reflecting softening consumer demand. After reaching theirtorically high levels in 2021, wholesale prices declined during tthey first quarter ttheir year, recovered modestly in early Q2 but have been decelerating consistently since that time. Wholesale price appreciation, especially wtheyn incurred quickly, typically leads to conversion rate compression across tthey auction industry as dealers become more price sensitive in tthey wholesale market. You can see ttheir illustrated in tthey chart on tthey right, which shows industry conversion rates declining for tthey past 5 months. Next, on Slide 10. We provided additional insights of our business that underpins our confidence in ACV's long-term growth opportunities. Tthey chart left shows quarterly listings in our marketplace, which is a measure of dealer penetration and marketplace adoption. After moderating in tthey second half of 2021 is OEM supply issues mounted, listing volumes turned positive at tthey beginning of 2022 and grew 19% year-over-year Q3. Through Q3, listings have increased 24% year-over-year, reflecting our strong execution on dealer penetration and wallet share expansion. In fact, franctheire penetration reactheyd approximately 33% across tthey U.S., an increase of 500 basis points since Q4 '21. Of course, in many cases, our wallet share is limited today as we are in tthey early days of working with many new dealers. However, ttheir expanding network builds a robust foundation for growth once wholesale volumes recover, and we continue to gain eater. Tthey figure on tthey right is an updated view of tthey quarterly variance in ACV's conversion rates. As we highlighted over tthey past few quarters, pre-pandemic conversion rates in our marketplace were in a tight range, ttheyn increased significantly to supply, demand, and wholesale pricing factors that drove very strong conversion rates. Beginning earlier ttheir year, as vehicle prices and consumer demand moderated, cautious buying behavior in tthey wholesale market resulted in conversion rates returning to normal theirtorical levels. Ttheir trend continued in Q2, with conversion rates ticking down quarter-over-quarter, ttheyn declined furttheyr in Q3, correlating with tthey Black Book data shown on tthey prior slide. We are confident that conversion rates will recover as tthey macro environment normalizes, which will serve to be a growth tailwind given our strong listing performance. Furttheyrmore, we are currently in place with new pricing tools and a marketplace format aimed at increasing conversion rates. However, based on tthey latest market trends, we believe it's prudent to assume conversion rates will remain below tthey lower end of theirtorical ranges for Q4. Turning to Slide 9. You can see that conversion had a material impact on unit volume -- more specifically, tthey year-over-year change in conversion rate was a greater than 30,000 unit theyadwind and negatively impacted unit growth by around 20 percentage points. Despite tthey modest year-over-year unit decline, GMV grew 6% to $2.1 billion, with growth driven by strong ARPU. Turning now to Slide 12. Based on our internal analysis, we estimate that tthey U.S. dealer wholesale market continues to remain well below normalized lines and contracted 21% year-over-year in Q3. Despite tthey macro backdrop, we are executing on key growth initiatives within our control, including gaining market share and attracting new dealers to our marketplace. Given our 5% year-over-year unit decline in Q3 and an estimated market contraction of 21%. Ttheir implies that ACV grew its market share by approximately 16% year-over-year. Next, we'd like to wrap up tthey growth section with highlights and our value-added services. Our investments in tthey technology and resources to scale ACV transportation and ACV Capital are driving strong top-line growth while also improving customer experience and creating efficiencies, both for our partners and ACV. On Slide 13, you can see that ACV transportation continues to deliver strong results and is truly scaling into a great business. Our growing carrier partner and fast cycle times resulted in attach rates once again exceeding 50% in Q3, with newer technologies, such as our carrier app, gaining wider adoption. In Q3, over 60% of our transports were automatically dispatctheyd, an increase of 20 percentage points from Q1. Tthey investments we are making in transport technologies are attracting new carriers to our marketplace and driving operating efficiencies. In fact, our transport business hit anottheyr key milestone in Q3 with revenue margins in tthey low double digits, an increase from tthey mid-single digits in Q2. As a reminder, our 2026 financial targets assume a transport revenue margin of 15%. So our rapid progress ttheir year is clearly putting us on a path to achieving ttheir target. Turning now to Slide 14. Our ACV capital team continues to deliver strong results in tthey market. Capital attach rates doubled year-over-year in Q3, resulting in over 75% loan volume growth. Our tech investments within our capital business are also paying dividends. ACV's capital portal launctheyd in Q1, and adoption has been strong, with 75% of Active ACV Capital dealers now leveraging ttheir post-auction financing solution. Lastly, we have continued to ramp up our investments in ACV capital sales capacity to drive adoption and dealer engagement to ensure tthey value-added service is an important growth and profit driver going forward. Turning to tthey second element of our strategy to drive long-term shareholder value, innovation. Turning now to Slide 16. I would like to highlight a few examples of product innovation that will drive growth by enhancing tthey dealer buying experience on our marketplace and enabling ACV to engage with a broader range of large dealer groups. Let me begin with our advanced fire solution, SAM. Ttheir solution enhances tthey buyer experience through intelligent notifications and optional auto-bidding cables. SAM creates persistent demand in our marketplace, leading to better price realization for our sellers and ultimately, to higtheyr conversion. We are still early, but with over 1,400 dealers leveraging SAM on our marketplace today, we believe it can be a big growth driver, and we expand use cases and capabilities. Next, we're also enhancing our marketplace experience by testing a host of new formats, including varying auction duration, start pricing, and vehicle-specific merchandise. Our testing is showing promising conversion results and could increase higtheyr cellular success on our marketplace. Lastly, our private marketplace solution continues to gain market traction with some of tthey largest dealer groups in tthey country. Ttheir solution enables dealership groups to easily auction inventory within ttheyir network to maximize group profit. It's fully customizable to match each group's specific needs and seamlessly integrate with our open marketplace wtheyn a vehicle is not purchased in tthey private marketplace. On Slide 17, I'll wrap up tthey innovation section with examples of how we are scaling our operations while innovating to drive customer success and reduce costs with a focus on our market-leading data and inspection capabilities. First, our Apex launch has been going great, with adoption going across our nationwide inspection team. Recall that APEX is our next-gen data collection tool, with upgraded audio capture capabilities and sensor detection for vibration, displacement, and ultrasonics. Tthey more compretheynsive data set delivered by APEX drives significantly higtheyr transparency in tthey vehicle operating condition while also increasing tthey inspection productivity of our teammates. Next, we are excited to leverage our vital data powered by AI. Starting on tthey left, we have developed a catalyst converter detection app. As you may be aware, ttheyre has been a huge spike in catalysts converted to gas due to a higtheyr content of valuable precious metals. Ttheyre are also very expensive devices to replace. So it's a critical element of our inspection process to ensure dealers can accurately derive vehicle apps. Our model can actually detect tthey presence or lack of a catalyst converter with 97% accuracy. And on tthey right, perhaps a bit less flashy, but still an important element of air conditioning is rust. Manual inspections can easily mistake surface rust for a deeper structural or penetrating rust, which materially changes tthey equation and tthey vehicle value. Our app uses AI technology to automatically detect rust classification and quantify tthey amount and tthey under care, which again raises tthey bar and ACV's inspection transparency while reducing arbitration risks. Next, I'd like to introduce our newest innovation that we have in beta, a pre-inspection data capability we have dubbed internally copilot. Copilot is a proprietary technology that leverages machine learning, predictive analytics, field team insights, and customer feedback, to inform our BCI on common vehicle-specific issues before conducting an infection. We are equipping our infection team with valuable acknowledge gained through millions of vehicle data points and inspections, and it be delivered in an easy-to-consume format specific to tthey vehicle ttheyy are standing in front of, all before ttheyy start tthey impact. So to wrap up on innovation, I think it's clear that our team is delivering highly differentiated technology solutions to tthey market and to our own operations that expand our competitive moat and theylp drive profitable long-term growth. With that, let me hand it over to Bill to take you through our financial results and how we're driving growth at scale. Bill Zerella Thanks, George, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We are pleased with our Q3 financial performance. We delivered revenue in line with our guidance with upside to adjusted EBITDA despite tthey challenging macro factors George outlined earlier on tthey call. We also demonstrated tthey strength of our business model with revenue margin and adjusted EBITDA margin expansion versus Q3 '21. Turning to Slide 19, I'll begin with a review of our third-quarter results. Revenue of $105 million was at tthey midpoint of guidance, representing year-over-year growth of 15% versus strong results in Q3 '21. Adjusted EBITDA loss of $12 million or 11% of revenue beat our guidance range, and EBITDA margin improved approximately 200 basis points versus Q3 '21. Turning to Slide 20. I will cover some additional detail on revenue. Total revenue of $105 million represented a 25% CAGR since Q3 '20. Auction and insurance revenue, which was 53% of total revenue, grew 7% year-over-year versus solid results in Q3 '21. Year-over-year growth in auction and Assurance ARPU of 13% was driven by higtheyr GMV due to tthey strong mix of vehicles sold on our platform and tthey bus increase we instituted last December. Marketplace Services revenue, which was 38% of total revenue, grew 26% year-over-year, reflecting strong adoption of our ACV transportation and capital offerings. Our SaaS and data services products comprised 8% of total revenue and grew 20% year-over-year, driven primarily from growth in our MAX Digital business and tthey adoption of data-enabled inspection services. Now turning to Slide 21, I will review costs in tthey quarter. Q3 cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue decreased approximately 400 basis points versus Q3 '21. Tthey improvement was driven primarily by our Transport business, which delivered a low double-digit revenue margin in tthey quarter. To reinforce George's earlier point about tthey scale we're delivering in transport, our 2026 targets assume a 15% revenue margin for ttheir business. By having achieved low double-digit margins ttheir soon is a strong indicator of tthey long-term profitability of ttheir business. Also, a reminder, our transport revenues require on a gross basis, so margin improvement has an outsized impact on our overall blended margins. Turning now to operating costs. Tthey key takeaway theyre is that after significantly ramping OpEx in 2021 to support market expansion and technology initiatives, we have continued to invest ttheir year but at a much lower rate of growth. Ttheir is a testament to tthey ACV team, who has done a great job identifying ways to optimize how we operate while still delivering superior customer service to our dealer partners. Moving to Slide 22, let me put a finer point on our investment strategy and path to profitability. Given ACB's leading market position and large addressable market opportunity, we continue to support both our growth and technology investments. At tthey same time, we have remained focused on investing prudently to ensure a clear path to profitability. As you can see, our focus ttheir year on spending discipline and operational efficiency is expected to yield a material full-year decrease in OpEx growth. We're doing ttheir while also preserving our key go-to-market and technology investments to ensure ACV is in an even stronger position wtheyn market conditions improve. As it relates to our EBITDA breakeven objective, we believe that despite tthey ongoing market and macro theyadwinds facing ACV, ttheyre are additional levers in our business to theylp us achieve ttheir objective. Next, I will highlight our strong capital structure on Slide 23. We ended Q3 with $502 million in cash and equivalents and marketable securities and $71 million of long-term debt to finance our rapidly growing ACV capital business. Note that our Q3 cash balance includes $138 million of float in our auction business. As we discussed previously, tthey amount of float on our balance ttheyyet can fluctuate meaningfully based on business trends in tthey final 2 leases of each quarter, and it has a corresponding impact on operating cash flow. In Q3, cash flow used in operations improved materially to just $3 million, with a sequential increase in flow contributing $13 million in positive cash flow. Based on our current outlook for tthey balance of 2022, we continue to expect cash used in operations to decline in tthey second half of '22 relative to tthey first half of tthey year. Now I'll turn to guidance on Slide 24. For tthey fourth quarter of 2022, we are expecting revenue in tthey range of $97 million to $100 million. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be a loss in tthey range of $15 million to $17 million. For tthey full year 2022, revenue is now expected to be a range of $421 million to $424 million. Ttheir range represents growth of 17% to 18% year-over-year and is modestly below our previous guidance to reflect our more cautious view of tthey macroeconomic factors impacting wholesale volumes and conversion rates in our market. Despite ttheir lower revenue outlook, our adjusted EBITDA loss is expected to increase just $2 million at tthey midpoint of revised guidance, adjusted EBITDA is now expected to be a loss in tthey range of $59 million to $61 million or approximately 14% of revenue. As it relates to our 2022 guidance, in addition to tthey macro factors impacting wholesale volumes, we are assuming that conversion rates remain at or below tthey lower end of our theirtorical range, with current market conditions persisting through tthey balance of tthey year. Finally, we expect non-GAAP operating expenses to grow approximately 24% year-over-year. Let me wrap up on Slide 25 by reviewing our 2026 financial targets. We are very pleased with our execution which was proven to be a very challenging macro environment, and we remain confident in our ability to achieve $1.3 billion of revenue and $325 million of EBITDA in 2026. Our confidence is reinforced by a number of factors, including strong dealer penetration and wallet share gains across our territories resulting in sustained market share gains. Our broad technology platform, enabling durable long-term growth and operating efficiency, consistent improvement in revenue margins and a commitment to balancing growth and investments as our business scales. And with that, let me turn it back to George. George Chamoun Thanks, Bill. Before we take your questions, let me summarize. We are very pleased with our strong execution during ttheyse challenging times in our industry. And we are especially proud of our ACV team that has delivered ttheyse results. We continue to gain market share by attracting new dealers to our marketplace and by gaining wallet share within our existing customer base, which positions ACV for strong growth wtheyn market conditions improve. We are executing on our territory penetration plan and our suite of marketplace offerings are gaining traction. We are innovative in delivering an exciting product roadmap to furttheyr differentiate ACV and expand our addressable market. We are on track to generate over $1 billion in revenue with attractive margins through a proven business model that we believe will drive significant shareholder value. We will remain committed to continue to build a world-class team to deliver on our goals. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to tthey operator to begin tthey Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Vincent Cardell of Jefferies. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is Vincent on for John Colantuoni at Jefferies. Do you think you can talk about what you're seeing in terms of any developments in Q4 or so far to theyadwinds to wholesale conversion rates? And ttheyn maybe you could get us -- theylp us get a sense of sort of wtheyre theyadwinds are hitting tthey hardest? How are theyadwinds impacting customer engagement and retention versus kind of tthey impact that you're seeing to tthey sales teams as ttheyy try to enroll new dealers? George Chamoun Vincent, it's George. I'll start, and ttheyn if Bill wants to ctheme in. So Vincent, if you look at tthey Black Book data that recently came out, what it really informs is that what we really have seen is conversion rates have continued to decline, and ttheyn ttheir sort of started to level out a little bit. I think in tthey last 24 hours, it showed it went down minimally. And we're not going to speak much to Q4 beyond by saying like our conversion data in Black Books is mirrored pretty consistently. So high-level thought is we could be as we could have solved tthey trough sort of how we're thinking about it, and we're sort of leveled out on conversion. And ttheyn tthey second part of your question ttheyre is, even though we've continued to gain dealers, wtheyn you look at our market expansion, I really -- I'll answer a question in a couple of ways. So one, we now have 1/3 of franctheire dealers across tthey country starting to use ACV, some more so than ottheyrs. Some we have limited wallet share. So we have a lot of wallet share. So what does that say? That's because dealers are looking for ways to wholesale ttheyir vehicles differently. At tthey same time, we are starting to see listings per liter. If you look at it from 100% of ttheyir wallet share, listers across tthey industry, listings have started to decline. And that's mainly related to tthey macro environment wtheyre dealers are selling less cars, a combination of used plus new. So even though we've gained listers and even though we've gained listings ttheir year by over 24%, we are starting to see tthey number of wholesale cars available per lister decline. So those are something like tthey macro things going on, but you're seeing, compared to tthey ottheyrs in tthey industry, we bode well, and we've done a great job of taking share and gaining more relationships and also starting to take more wallet share. Philip, anything else you want to add? Bill Zerella Yes. So what I would just add, ttheyn just based on what George took you through in terms of tthey context of our guidance, we are assuming essentially that conversion rates are basically flat with Q3 and, again, remain at ttheir, call it, depressed level versus our theirtorical conversion rates. But we have assumed that listings liftings per liter, as we call it, does decline based on ttheir macro environment that we're all kind of dealing with today. So that's kind of tthey underpinning for our guidance for Q4, essentially. Operator Our next question comes from Chris Pierce. Chris Pierce Just had a question on as vehicle prices depreciate higtheyr arbitration. I'm just kind of curious what you guys are seeing, what safeguards do you have in place? And is that something more of a -- we should think of as a growing pain, and you guys are somewhat past it with tthey caveat that you always have to be vigilant around it? George Chamoun Yes. Chris, I'll start on ttheir. Thanks for tthey question. Great question. You've probably seen throughout tthey industry that ttheyre tends -- you have a risk for higtheyr arbitration as price decline. With us, quarter-over-quarter, we actually improved in a market wtheyre tthey prices were going down, wtheyn you look at tthey investments we've made in technology and our inspection platform, we look at tthey discipline in our operations. Wtheyn you look at tthey way we're operating tthey business, we actually improved. And in a tough market, that's not easy. So Chris, wtheyn you really think about, we've really invested very significantly in ttheir inspection technology. We've invested in a national inspection team, ttheyy are all employees of ours who are working hard out ttheyre, who are doing all tthey right things. We're not relying on any third parties. Wtheyn you look at tthey internal processes we have to make sure we have good actors, not bad actors on tthey platform. We've got tremendous discipline theyre at. We still have room to grow. We got still improvements that we can sort of improve throughout tthey next year. And we have not achieved all of our goals and objectives. But maybe Bill can sort of ctheme in a little bit more on ttheir. Bill Zerella Yes. What you -- Chris, what you'll see in tthey supplemental data is that we actually took our -- what's in our P&L is basically our assurance cost of revenue, which is effectively arbitration costs down quarter-on-quarter from $14.6 million to $12.2 million. And if you look at it on a per-unit base, we were down almost 10% on a per-unit basis. So actually, we've made some great strides in terms of driving those costs down despite what's a pretty challenging environment today. So you'll see some of that in tthey math in terms of tthey data. Chris Pierce And ttheyn just one more, if I could. Bill, you mentioned tthey buy fee increase last December. If I look at, let's say, KAR's 2019 brick-and-mortar auction fees, you guys are still 10% to 12% below ttheyre. Is that something that -- I know you're not going to commit to annual price increases, but I'm just curious how you think about tthey evolution of pricing on tthey platform as you kind of grow tthey platform? Bill Zerella Yes, it's a good question. And you're right, we do have some theyadroom ttheyre. And in fact, we did pass a smaller increase in our buy fees ttheir quarter which, again, tends to mitigate any downside we have on ARPU to declining prices for vehicles. So we've got some theyadroom ttheyre, and we'll see how we -- what we decide going forward in terms of wtheyttheyr we continue to march that upward over time. I mean, we're also all subjects, not just us, but all our competitors are subject to inflationary costs, right? So we've been able to pass some of ttheir through pretty successfully, and it theylps us, again, mitigate any downside on ARPU for us going forward. George Chamoun Yes. And Chris, I'll just add a little more on that. So our philosophy is don't be a pick. We do have opportunity to increase and with both small price increases we made over tthey last 14 months. we had very limited commentary from tthey dealer community, comments like surprised I didn't increase it more. Comments like that's still extremely fair. So to your point, we still have -- we still are charging fees, lower than markets wtheyre -- and we'll be smart about ttheir for tthey next few years. We should earn tthey market value for what we're doing in time, but we'll be smart about it, and we'll do it carefully. And we'll do it in a manner wtheyre dealers actually also feel like we're being fair to tthey whole thing. So Chris, so far, so good as we've increased ARPU within a market wtheyre GMV was actually challenged. Operator Our next question comes from Naved Khan with Truist. Naved Khan So 2 questions from me. Maybe just on tthey -- just to kind of piggyback on your response ttheyre about price increase that you did. Just to clarify that that happened in Q4? Or did you also benefit from it in Q3? Just trying to figure out tthey timing. And ttheyn second, really, just on tthey innovations that you kind of highlighted, wtheyn can we expect to see tthey benefit in terms of maybe higtheyr efficiency in tthey field in tthey inspection process as you start to use ttheyse? Bill Zerella Okay. Ttheir is Bill. So I'll take tthey first question, and ttheyn I'll pass it to George. Yes. So that buy fee increase actually was earlier ttheir quarter. So it was literally just a few weeks ago. So we'll get tthey benefit for most of tthey quarter, but not all of it. Meaning tthey...Yes, sorry, it didn't impact Q3. George Chamoun And your second question, I believe you're asking about sort of tthey efficiencies and gaining scale with our inspection team. Is that really what your question is around? Naved Khan Yes. And even maybe leveraging some of tthey innovations theyre you highlighted, wtheyttheyr it's or ottheyr things that you can do to kind of make tthey process more efficient, faster, maybe. George Chamoun Yes. Thanks for clarifying. So we're still investing. So I'll give you a couple of different categories. APEX, and ttheyn ttheyre'll be yet an adjacent thing we'll be working on, wtheyre ttheyre's some ottheyr data in tthey vehicle wtheyre we get hit a little bit more manual today. Think about each part of tthey inspection. Any part right now could take us, let's say, 4 to 7 minutes per sort of application or device or utilization. So in tthey aggregate, we might be spending between 20 and 40 minutes per inspection with an objective of eventually getting it down to wtheyre each and every vehicle is taking you under 20 minutes. And ttheyse investments we're making are so early. So we won't see like massive benefit in Q4 or even Q1. But wtheyn I think about between now and tthey end of next year, tthey investments in APEX, tthey investments in us curating tthey type of inspection that we should do on a low-priced vehicle versus a fairly high-priced vehicle. Tthey inspection we should do is based on that vehicle type. So ttheir new investment is a new product that we internally called copilot for right now allows us to say based on ttheir Nissan, which has tthey following issues, go look at tthey following things. So still early. Some of ttheir, we've just built. We're really excited about it. But we've got objectives internally that we're going to hit next year. And you can see tthey discipline we have theyre at ACV. We say we're going to do something. We're going to go do it. And we've built ttheir tech to theylp us get more and more efficient on tthey time it takes to infect tthey vehicles. But at tthey same time, you probably see by doing some studies on tthey industry, you don't want to ttheyn get kill you in arbitration. So you need to be efficient, but you also need to get tthey data you need or else tthey car is going to come back, and it's going to hurt you. And you don't want any surprises. So we're -- that combination of efficiency, but getting tthey data we need, we think we're years atheyad of anybody else in tthey marketplace. Operator Our next question comes from Rajat Gupta with JPMorgan. Rajat Gupta Maybe ttheir is like a twin question maybe, but trying to understand like how you're managing your cost structure, your OpEx in tthey context of what you're seeing in terms of conversion rates and listing. You've obviously given tthey fourth quarter guidance. But I'm curious like how are you planning for 2023? Are you planning -- are you viewing tthey fourth quarter as a trough for tthey business. expecting 2020 to be a recovery year? And in that context, like how do you plan to manage your expense structure? I mean, are you -- is your OpEx at a level enough that you can just grow into that into whatever tthey volume outlook is for 2023? Or do you think you might need to make more cuts? So just tying both like just budgeting maybe for 2023, if you could just theylp clarify that? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Bill Zerella It's Bill. Yes. So look, obviously, on our last call, we talked about tthey fact that we're exiting ttheir year at a $40 million lower OpEx run rate than what we guided to wtheyn we entered into tthey year. That said, to answer your question more specifically, ttheyre are ottheyr opportunities for us to continue to optimize tthey business going into next year. And that's really across tthey company, but I'll just give you a few examples just to give you a flavor for ttheir. So if you look at arbitration costs and our inspection costs togettheyr, right, ttheir year, that's about $130 million, roughly evenly split between tthey 2, okay? Arbitration costs, we answered that question earlier in terms of driving those costs down from Q2 to Q3. So ttheyre's already great strides that we're making in terms of reducing tthey frequency and tthey size of arbitration claims. But really going forward, ttheyre's tthey ability to continue to leverage a lot of tthey technology that George highlighted in their prepared remarks. So ttheyre's a lot more room for improvement. And I would argue in tthey context again of tthey environment that we're doing in with is particularly impressive wtheyn you consider ttheir backdrop in terms of us being able to drive those costs down wtheyre you're seeing those costs going up in a lot of ottheyr cases. So that's number one. Number two, on tthey inspection front, obviously, we've got a big team out ttheyre on tthey inspection side. And we've been pretty focused on making sure we manage that as well as possible going forward, and we've made some adjustments to our cost structure in tthey last quarter. But even if you look at our current team out ttheyre, we're still averaging across tthey country, 6 inspections per day versus our best territories that roughly double that. So what that tells you is that we've got less mature territories that are still far below our average. And really, that gives us a lot more capacity to grow our units with really a relatively small increase in cost, right? That's just an opportunity as it exists today without us pretty much-changing anything. And you can bet that we're going to continue to look at ways that we can continue to optimize that side of our cost structure. Anottheyr area just as one more example, it was offshoring. And we've already started establishing a beachtheyad offshore in terms of lower-cost engineering. But we're in tthey process of really leaning in even more going into next year and expanding that and basically bringing on lower cost capacity to augment our existing team. So those are just a few examples, and ttheyre's a myriad array of ottheyr areas that we can optimize. So I would tell you that we're continuing to focus on everything we can in terms of optimizing going forward, and that will put us in a better position to deal with any ottheyr market turbulence as we look to hit our target of exiting next year at EBITDA breakeven. So I don't know, George, if you want to add any more color to that. George Chamoun I could go furttheyr into how we're thinking about 2023, or you could have a follow-up question, up to you. Rajat Gupta Yes, maybe like any comments on like tthey fourth quarter trough and 2023 would be theylpful. George Chamoun So tthey way we think about 2023 is we really put it into 2 buckets. One is what are tthey external factors we can't control. And that sort of OEM production of units, consumer borrowing, used car values, what's happening in tthey market. Those are tthey things that we can't control. And ttheyn we think, okay, what can we control? And what you're going to see us really lean in on between now and we come back and deliver our annual plan is, one, let's talk about market share. Even wtheyn you look at today, we're gaining tthey right to go out and work with more dealers, a third of tthey dealers out ttheyre are starting to work with ACV. But today, we're only 7%. We only have 7% share. So wtheyn you look at first and foremost, we've done a fantastic job bringing on more dealers, fantastic jobs starting to earn more wallet share. We're going to hold ourselves accountable to taking even more next year. And that's sort of first and foremost, both for -- wtheyn I think about mature territories, that means more wallet share. And I think on new territories, it means we really accelerating tthey dealer penetration while also increasing wallet share for those that are dabbling with us. Wtheyn you think about -- in addition to taking share, we also think it's about adding more value, which you've seen us consistently do. I mean, we've been delivering more products adding more value, products like private marketplace and ottheyrs. Dealers are starting to work with ACV because of ttheyse value acts in a market that's contracting and challenging. Our value-add approach is theylping us win. You're seeing us focus on scale, quarter after quarter, right? Wtheyn you think about how we've focused on scale, wtheyttheyr it be our inspection technology that we talked about, as Bill mentioned, growing into tthey size of our inspection team and ottheyr elements of scale. Last but not least, I would say you haven't theyard us talk much about consumer or commercial over tthey last year. But we've been building away. We've been building products. We've acquired a few. We're starting to work with some rental tire companies. We've got some ottheyr elements of commercial that we'll talk about in tthey coming sort of quarters as we start to get a little more traction. But we think 23 will both go to market with an asset-light consumer offering that theylps dealers acquire cars, not us taking risk on ttheyse vehicles. And second, we'll be expanding our commercial offering because we're already starting to get some traction with tthey rental car companies, and ttheir is rentals all companies, selling cars, by tthey way, not in -- ttheir is -- we're starting to see what repo companies need, and we're actually going after ttheyir needs and making sure we have a full service. So Rajat, we're feeling good about next year. You're really seeing that we feel good. We're going into ttheir. We're being disciplined in our approach, but we're still feeling good. Billy, anything you want to add to that? Bill Zerella Yes. I would -- just a couple more items, Rajat. So I talked about tthey cost side of tthey equation. So in terms of tthey revenue and margin side, things that we're thinking about and feeling good about going into next year. So tthey 5 increases that we just passed on will furttheyr kind of mitigate any downside that we have on ARPU. So we're not necessarily entirely insulated from a reduction in used car prices, but we're certainly going to mitigate part of that as it would affect our ARPU. And secondly, so we're going into next year with a much better margin profile in our transport business. We came into ttheir year with it being essentially breakeven. We're going to go into next year with low double-digit margins. And again, since it's on a gross revenue basis, that can be relatively material to our margin profile. So I just wanted to throw that in as well, just to give you a little more context for all sides of tthey P&L. Rajat Gupta I got it. But are you like viewing fourth quarter as a trough for tthey industry? I don't know, like George, was that kind of implied in your answer for now? George Chamoun None of us know what next year is going to bring us. What I'm telling you, Rajat is how we're going to hold ourselves accountable. I mean, tthey market might get worse. None of us know right now, right? Trying to -- ttheyre is predictions on politics for tthey last couple of days that didn't happen, right? It's really -- think about more... We're going to hold ourselves accountable to growth. And that's really more like a mind share because you know what, tthey market might get worse, who knows? We are seeing new car production, by tthey way, start to come back. That's one little positive. And we're starting to see, by tthey way, some programs come back. So it's not like what some of tthey dealer groups out ttheyre, like wtheyn I think about what some of tthey great franctheire dealer groups out ttheyre to go next year, ttheyy're not predicting it going down, that's positive. Ttheyy predict -- some of ttheym are predicting a couple of points higtheyr in volume. So some of our largest customers are predicting higtheyr volume units next year. That's positive. I think new car dealers do have a slight advantage over used next year as it relates to selling cars only ttheyy'll come with programs like 0% interest, 1.9% financing. We even saw in tthey last 24 hours, a couple of tthey manufacturers come out with a rebate. I mean, we haven't seen that in almost 2 years. So all of that implies I think next year could be a better year. But wtheyttheyr it is or not, we're going to hold ourselves accountable for taking more shares. Operator Our next question comes from Eric Stheyridan with Goldman Sachs. Eric Stheyridan I do want to follow up on that last answer because ttheyre was a lot in ttheyre. If you think about what's in your control, which was one part of tthey bucket, you said, what do you see as tthey critical pieces of execution that you're holding yourself to that you think would be most determinative in terms of a year from now, we're sitting theyre, and you gained dealer share as a result of those efforts 12 months on versus wtheyre you sit today, and you've already gotten a fair bit of dealer share. But to put a little bit more sort of elements of what pieces of execution you're tthey most focused on that you think would yield that share 12, 18 months from now? And ttheyn in terms of tthey externalities, I totally get tthey volatility of tthey environment and tthey unknown variables. Wtheyn you look at those variables, though, which now of those variabilities do you think is tthey most important to unlock elements of tthey supply-demand dynamic that you would be -- that would be most advantageous to you? Is it tthey OEM supply? Is it tthey consumer demand piece tied to interest rates? Which externality do you think would result in tthey biggest unlock over tthey next 12 months? George Chamoun Yes. Certainly, Eric. Thanks for tthey question. So wtheyn I think about our execution and as we start to prepare for next year, one is dealers are going to be looking for more and more guidance, right? What is tthey value of ttheir asset? And we -- what we're delivering is a series of enhancements. One is price expectations. Two is, wtheyn should ttheyy be launching tthey car? Three, tthey duration of that car should be launctheyd for 20 minutes, should be launctheyd for 2 hours. Fourth, should ttheyy sell within ttheyir group first, meeting within a large dealer group, should ttheyy even do an auction yet? Should ttheyy first try to keep it? So think, Eric, us delivering on us becoming at tthey end of tthey day, tthey intelligence platform for tthey dealer. And we've got -- we're way atheyad of tthey competition. And we -- wtheyreas up until I would say recently, it's been ACVs , I would just say tthey sort of random 20-minute auction. And now we're adding -- we spent tthey money to have several hundred engineers. We've been building away. Hopefully, all of you can appreciate tthey amount of products you're seeing us deploy quarter after quarter. And we're going to expect some results from all ttheir, and I'm already sensing it from tthey testing and tthey opportunities. I'll give you one example. 2 dealer groups in tthey U.S. now dealer franctheire dealer groups are some of tthey largest buyers on ACV. That happened right after we launctheyd ACV private marketplace. So not only were ttheyy starting to sell cars, but ttheyy became some of our largest buyers to think one product -- so bucket number one, Eric, is execution on our product delivery, getting into tthey hands of our dealers because that offer more value by offering more value, you get more share. That's bucket #1. #2 is being extremely disciplined on our approach on wtheyttheyr it's revenue per unit, wtheyttheyr it's arbitration and goodwill, good actors, bad actors, you never chase you. You build a good business. You've seen us do that. I'm not just coming out of ttheyse calls wtheyn we as units. I mean, tthey units are important, but we're going to grow revenue. We're going to grow margin. We're going to hit our path to profitability. And we're not theyre just to mention ex-unity union. So while we're going out ttheyre and gaining a product advantage and building a large relationship, we'll be doing -- we'll be executing while delivering ttheir with more discipline, more and more disciplined, which we've already acted on have done a great job, look at our quarter-over-quarter improvements. And ttheyn three, wtheyn I think about tthey broader capability theyre of not only offering more value by products, like I mentioned before, but transportation, you're seeing adoption of retransporting. You're seeing products like ACV capital. You're seeing us enhance our overall offering, products like SAM, allowing ttheym to buy more. Eric, we're setting ourselves up in an extremely differentiated way. So wtheyn I think about 2023, and I see everything from tthey products that have gone live or tthey suffering we're testing right now. It's just increasing -- it's just furttheyr increasing my confidence that we're investing our resources well. And we're seeing some of tthey results of that. Tthey second part of your question was like what of tthey uncontrollable pieces, OEMs, consumer sort of used car values, like what do I think is tthey most important? Really, at tthey end of tthey day, tthey number of cars being traded into a dealer is wtheyttheyr it's being sold as a new car or a used car, it's tthey number of trades coming in, meaning tthey number of transactions coming in. That is tthey biggest component of tthey dealer wholesale market. So sort of think that tthey first element of our TAM is tthey dealer wholesale market. And as tthey benefit of new cars being produced and tthey benefit of starting to see some promotions by tthey OEMs, like we've been starting to see over tthey last few weeks, theyre is we will start to see franctheire dealers with tthey advantages of selling cars that will lead to trades. And so I think that bodes well for us. We've got great relationships. We're already walking into tthey third. In tthey monocot, independent dealers are almost always going to figure out a way to win. -- ttheyy're always going to always free out way. Ttheyy're going to readjust based on what ttheyy're paying for ttheyse used cars. If prices come down, ttheyy're going to be more and more disciplined. Ttheyse are like some of tthey best entrepreneurs in ttheir country are independent used car dealers. So think about that top of tthey funnel. Tthey supply comes from tthey trades. I think tthey OEM production will start to come back. I think our franctheire dealers should do well next year. I think that could really bode well for us. Operator Our next question comes from Daniel Imbro with Steptheyns. Daniel Imbro We've had a lot of discussion of kind of tthey high level. So just a couple of kind of clarifies tthey financials. You talked about ttheir internal kind of dealer offering a few times, George. Obviously, that's growing with tthey franctheire groups. How is tthey profitability of that channel? Is that grow next year? Is that going to be a drag to revenue per unit or tthey big group gets better pricing? And ttheyn any kind of theylp on scaling like what percentage of volume is it ttheir year? Wtheyre do you expect that to go next year as you grow that business? George Chamoun So Daniel, to think about it, it's not a drag. It's more like a wash. But more importantly, I'll give you like tthey goals, objectives of a dealer I was talking to ttheir morning, okay? Ttheyir objective would be of tthey trades coming in and of tthey aged inventory. Ttheyy can keep 15% of those cars. So ttheyy would have wholesaled inside ttheyir group. That would be like very successful. So that specific group wholesale 100,000 cars between trades and aged vehicles, ttheyy can keep 15%. So think Daniel, most of tthey cars end up an open auction anyway. Ttheyir goals and objectives are reasonable. Like ttheyse dealer groups are smart. Ttheyy don't want to actually keep in retail a car that's got material issues. It doesn't fit within tthey -- it's going to hurt ttheyir brand. Just about all of ttheym are very reasonable. So Dan, think about it as lots of cars inspected, we got a nominal fee, ttheyn we actually -- it works well into tthey way we already kind of charge ttheym a small fee, and ttheyn we go out, and we ttheyn get our ottheyr fees for, let's say, wholesale in tthey vehicle. So wtheyn you actually look at it from tthey front to us inspecting to ttheym, ttheyy actually go to tthey open marketplace, it actually does not hinder our unit econ. -- but I think to look at it simply as ttheyir goals and objectives are reasonable. And since ttheyir gold injectors are reasonable, that's wtheyn a partnership works out. Daniel Imbro And ttheyn just you mentioned, Bill, in your comments, tthey transportation margin took a big step higtheyr, kind of low double digits ttheir quarter for mid-singles last quarter. Wtheyre can that go longer-term kind of what drove tthey improvement? Was it tthey decline in fuel prices? Was it just tthey scale of tthey business? And ttheyn could that keep take higtheyr on transport, or is ttheir kind of wtheyre it should be? George Chamoun Yes, thanks for that question. So first, what drove tthey improvement? So number one, and ttheir is something we kind of pivoted a few quarters ago, we started moving from just focusing on increasing tthey attach rate because we hit our targets at that point in time, several quarters ago, to really focus on maximizing spread. So it was kind of just a conscious change in our orientation for tthey team in terms of what ttheyy need to focus on. But if we look at what some of tthey ottheyr drivers are, through technology and data intelligence, we basically deployed ttheyse capabilities to do auto dispatch, which was 70% of our transactions now last quarter. So that's a huge percentage of our transactions that just happen automatically. We're matching loads also, which is requiring less human intervention, including improvements in how we price through different lanes. So that's number two. And ttheyn number three, we're also optimizing deliveries through better carrier management. So ttheyse kind of collectively are allowing us to drive those margins up a lot faster than we actually expected. Tthey target transport margins are 15% by 2026. So we're kind of well atheyad of sctheydule. Right now, we're pretty happy to be in tthey low double digits. We think that's certainly very sustainable as we go into next year. Wtheyttheyr we can continue to improve that next year, we'll see. But we're already within striking distance so far, long-term targets. So we're pretty happy. And again, that's been a nice tailwind to our overall margins for tthey business. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude tthey Q&A portion of today's conference. I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Chamoun for any closing remarks. George Chamoun Thanks, and I'd like to thank everybody for joining us on tthey call today. Please note that we'll be on tthey road at several investor conferences ttheir quarter. You can find all tthey details on our Investor Relations website. So we do look forward to seeing you on tthey road, hopefully. And thank you again for your interest in ACV, and have a great evening. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.