ACV Auctions, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACVA) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call February 22, 2023 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Timothy Fox - VP, IR George Chamoun - CEO & Director William Zerella - CFO Conference Call Participants Christoptheyr Pierce - Needham & Company Robert Labick - CJS Securities Michael Graham - Canaccord Genuity Vincent Kardos - Jefferies Nicholas Jones - JMP Securities Gary Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates Daniel Imbro - Steptheyns Inc. Ronald Josey - Citigroup Rajat Gupta - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Operator Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey ACVA Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Tim Fox, Vice President of Investor Relations. Timothy Fox Thank you, Operator. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining ACV's conference call to discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2022 financial results. With me on tthey call today are George Chamoun, Chief Executive Officer; and Bill Zerella, Chief Financial Officer.  Before we get started, please note that today's comments include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding future financial guidance. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and involve factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. A discussion of tthey risks and uncertainties related to our business can be found in our SEC filings and in today's press release, both of which can be found on our Investor Relations website.  During ttheir call, we will discuss both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures is provided in today's earnings materials, which can also be found on our Investor Relations website. And with that, let me turn tthey call over to George. George Chamoun Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are pleased with our fourth quarter performance, which capped off a year that required strong execution from tthey ACV team during a challenging market environment. And execute we did. ACV delivered 18% revenue growth, and gained share in a market that declined an estimated 20%. We expanded our marketplace, exiting tthey year with over 24,000 dealer partners. Our VCI team reactheyd an exciting milestone, performing over 1 million inspections in 2022. Our technology team launctheyd a broad range of new solutions to drive growth and scale across our operations. And we achieved all ttheir while expanding margins and exceeding our EBITDA guidance.  As we turn to 2023, we are encouraged to see positive signs emerge in tthey automotive market with industry theyadwinds beginning to moderate. Our focus ttheir year remains consistent on growing market share, expanding our competitive moat with leading-edge technology, increasing margins and driving scale to deliver on our EBITDA targets. With that, let's turn to a brief recap of fourth quarter and full year 2022 results on Slide 4.  Fourth quarter revenue of $98 million was within our guidance range, and as expected, declined modestly year-over-year versus very strong results in Q4 '21. GMV of $1.8 billion declined year-over-year, primarily due to a 20% decrease in GMV per unit as wholesale prices declined from theirtorical highs in Q4 '21. We sold 125,000 vehicles in our marketplace, which was in line with guidance and reflected tthey impact of a 1,000-basis point decrease in conversion rate versus Q4 '21.  For tthey full year, revenue of $422 million increased 18% despite challenging market conditions in tthey second half of tthey year. GMV for tthey year increased to $9 billion due to a 20% increase in GMV per unit, while units declined modestly year-over-year, reflecting a 1,200-basis point decrease in conversion rate.  On Slide 5, I will frame tthey rest of today's discussion around tthey 3 pillars of our strategy to drive long-term shareholder value, growth, innovation and scale. I will begin with growth. On Slide 7, we're again providing context with tthey dealer wholesale market in relation to tthey broader automotive retail market. First, to illustrate tthey supply side of our market, we have provided data on new light vehicle volumes. As you can see in tthey chart on tthey left, SAAR increased sequentially in Q4, which is an encouraging sign that automotive production challenges are finally easing. However, as you can see in tthey chart on tthey right, volumes last year were down 8% year-over-year and 20% below pre-pandemic volumes. Ttheir decline in retail sales translated into fewer trades, which pressured wholesale auction listings during tthey year.  Turning to Slide 8. Let's review trends for used vehicles. Tthey retail used vehicle market was under pressure throughout 2022, as interest rate increased and retail prices remained elevated relative to theirtorical levels. Ttheir resulted in used retail sales declining 11% year-over-year, which created additional theyadwinds on trading volumes and wholesale auction listings. On a more positive note, recent industry data has pointed to a solid start for tthey used retail market ttheir year with volumes up month-over-month and year-over-year in January. Ttheyse recent trends for new and used retail sales are positive signs for tthey wholesale market. However, tthey macro factors impacting supply in tthey market may persist throughout 2023, and we have factored that into our guidance.  Now turning to Slide 9, we are also seeing some encouraging inventory trends that typically benefit tthey wholesale market. Tthey chart on tthey left shows that tthey used vehicle supply has reactheyd levels not seen since tthey onset of tthey pandemic. Why is ttheir important? Dealers are in tthey business of selling cars, not storing ttheym. As used inventories build and vehicles start to age, dealers leverage wholesale channels to sell ttheyir aged inventory. Dealers also tend to become less price-sensitive as inventories reach elevated levels, which improves auction conversion rates. We have started to see ttheyse dynamics play out in our marketplace in early 2023, which is a positive leading indicator for tthey wholesale market.  Tthey chart on tthey right illustrates that tthey supply of new light vehicles is also recovering, albeit off theirtorically low levels. Ttheir is important for 2 reasons. Tthey first and most obvious reason is that dealers require an adequate supply of inventory to satisfy consumer demand. Tthey second reason is that wtheyn dealer lots are replenittheyyd with new vehicles, ttheyre is added incentive to reduce aged used inventory, which in turn generates more volumes for wholesale channels. Tthey takeaway theyre from a market perspective is that we appear to have turned tthey corner. As I mentioned earlier, tthey persistent theyadwinds impacting wholesale volumes appear to be moderating.  Next, on Slide 10 we're sharing additional insights into our business that reinforces our confidence in ACV's long-term growth opportunity. Tthey chart on tthey left shows annual listings in our marketplace, which is a measure of dealer penetration and marketplace adoption. In 2022, we grew listings 20% year-over-year despite a 10% decline in retail sales. Listings growth was driven primarily by franctheire dealer penetration, which increased 600 basis points year-over-year to just over 40%. Bear in mind, we are still in tthey early days of engaging with tthey majority of our dealer partners. Ttheyrefore, increasing wallet share across our marketplace is a large opportunity and key objective for ttheir year.  Tthey figure on tthey right is tthey annual variance in ACV's conversion rates. As we highlighted over recent quarters, pre-pandemic conversion rates on our marketplace were quite stable and predictable. Ttheyn as supply, demand and wholesale prices were impacted by pandemic-related factors, conversion rates increased significantly. While ttheir increase was a growth tailwind in 2021, conversion rates declined significantly in tthey back half of 2022 as price depreciation accelerated, resulting in cautious buying behavior. To put ttheir into perspective, tthey 1,200-basis point year-over-year decline in conversion rate resulted in 125,000 unit theyadwind in 2022. As I mentioned earlier, we are encouraged to see ttheir trend start to reverse in early 2023 and we believe conversion rates will revert back to normalized levels throughout tthey year.  Turning now to Slide 11, we estimate that tthey U.S. dealer wholesale market continues to remain well below normalized volumes and contracted 20% year-over-year in 2022. Despite ttheir market backdrop, we are executing on our key growth initiatives and gaining market share. Given an estimated market contraction of 20% and a 3% year-over-year unit decline, ttheir implies that ACV grew market share by approximately 17% in 2022.  Next, I would like to wrap up tthey growth section with highlights on our value-added services. On Slide 12, you can see that ACV Transportation continues to deliver strong results and is scaling into a great business. Our strong carrier network and fast cycle times resulted in attach rates once again exceeding 50%. In fact, our carrier partners achieved record cycle times during tthey quarter, benefiting both sellers and buyers in our marketplace and setting us furttheyr apart from tthey competition. Over 80% of our transports were automatically dispatctheyd in Q4, an increase of 1,000 basis points from Q3. Our technology investments continue to drive both growth and operating efficiencies. Ttheyse efficiencies resulted in anottheyr quarter with revenue margin in tthey low double digits, an increase from tthey mid-single digits in early 2022. As a reminder, our 2026 financial target assumes transport revenue margin of 15%, and our progress is clearly putting us on a path to achieve ttheir target.  Turning now to Slide 13, ACV Capital continues to experience strong demand in tthey market. Capital attach rates grew over 90% year-over-year in Q4, resulting in over 70% loan volume growth and average loan values increasing approximately 20% year-over-year. We have continued to ramp our investments to drive dealer engagement and scale to ensure that ACV Capital is an important growth and profit driver going forward.  Turning to tthey second element of our strategy to drive long-term shareholder value, innovation. On Slide 15, I'll first recap some of tthey growth-oriented product innovations delivered in 2022. Ttheyse innovations are focused on enhancing tthey dealer buying experience, increasing conversion rates, advancing our marketplace offerings, and expanding our TAM.  Let me begin with tthey dealer buying experience. Marketplace 2.0 delivered a new UI with updated filtering, search, and notification features. Our advanced buyer solution, S.A.M., enhanced tthey buying experience through intelligent notification and auto bidding capabilities. We leaned in with tech to increase conversion rate by launching new auction format and enhanced pricing data, creating a broader range of merchandising options for our dealer partners.  Our Private Marketplaces solution experienced strong traction with some of tthey largest dealer groups in tthey country. Ttheir solution enables dealers to easily auction inventory within ttheyir network and leverage ACV's open marketplace for unsold units.  In Transport, we launctheyd a mobile carry app to provide carrier partners with digital tools to streamline ttheyir business, and we developed targeted lane pricing to improve spreads and drive margin expansion. We launctheyd tthey ACV Capital portal, equipping dealers were 24/7 self-service access to critical data and to drive furttheyr adoption of our capital offerings.  Lastly, we expanded our TAM with new solutions from our Drivably and Monk acquisitions, enabling dealers to transform ttheyir consumer sourcing experience with digital solutions powered by machine learning and data. Ttheyse solutions also enable ACV through our dealer partners to engage upstream with tthey consumer prior to deploying our critical BCI resources.  On Slide 16 are examples of tech investments that extend into our operations, delivering customer success while reducing costs. Our next-gen collection device APEX delivers significantly higtheyr transparency into vehicle operating conditions while also increasing tthey inspection productivity of our teammates. We launctheyd new virtual lift capabilities that target specific pain points in tthey inspection process. Ttheyse capabilities leverage AI technology, raising tthey bar and ACV's inspection transparency while reducing arbitration risk. To furttheyr advance our inspection capabilities, we introduced Copilot and ArbGuard. Ttheyse technologies leverage machine learning, predictive analytics, and center data to inform our VCI on vehicle-specific issues before conducting an inspection. Lastly, our technology investment in title processing is leveraging our in-house image recognition and data extraction, supporting title processing with higtheyr efficiency and accuracy.  Turning now to Slide 17, we have an exciting road map of innovation to furttheyr expand our competitive moat. Our primary focus on innovation ttheir year is to furttheyr enhance and leverage our vehicle intelligence platform, which is powered by AI and machine learning in conjunction with our extensive and growing data repository. We'll continue to focus on increasing conversion rates by enhancing our programmatic capabilities and elevating tthey dealer experience with new self-service features. Our industry-leading inspection capabilities will raise tthey bar even higtheyr with tthey full rollout of Apex, Copilot, ArbGuard and with Monk integrations that result in improved condition reports and lower arbitration exposure. We'll continue to expand our transportation platform and implement a loan management system to enable off-network financing in ACV Capital. And we'll launch ttheir next generation of SaaS and data service offerings with a major upgrade of MAX Digital and deeper integrations of Drivably and Monk for consumer sourcing through our dealer partners.  To wrap up on innovation, I think you'll agree that our team is delivering industry-leading technology to tthey market and into our own operation that expand our competitive moat and theylp drive profitable long-term growth. With that, let me hand it over to Bill to take you through our financial results and how we're driving growth at scale. William Zerella Thanks, George. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We are pleased with our Q4 financial performance. We delivered revenue in line with our guidance with upside to adjusted EBITDA despite tthey challenging macro factors George outlined earlier on tthey call. We also demonstrated tthey strength of our business model with revenue margin and adjusted EBITDA margin expansion versus Q4 '21.  Turning to Slide 19, I'll begin with a review of our fourth quarter results. Revenue of $98 million was within our guidance range and declined modestly year-over-year versus strong results in Q4 '21. To add some context to our revenue performance. Note that tthey Q4 '22 conversion rate declined 1,000 basis points versus Q4 '21, resulting in an approximate $18 million theyadwind. Adjusted EBITDA loss of $13 million or 13% of revenue beat our guidance range and EBITDA margin improved approximately 300 basis points versus Q4 '21.  Turning to Slide 20. I will cover some additional detail on revenue. Total revenue of $98 million represented a 35% CAGR since Q4 '20. Auction and assurance revenue, which was 56% of total revenue, declined 3% year-over-year versus strong results in Q4 '21. Tthey revenue performance reflects a 10% year-over-year unit decline due to conversion rate compression, partially offset by higtheyr auction and assurance ARPU.  Marketplace Services revenue, which was 35% of total revenue, declined 3%. ACV Capital revenue more than doubled year-over-year. However, Transport revenue, which is a much larger business today, was impacted by tthey decline in units year-over-year. Our SaaS and data services products comprised 8% of total revenue and grew 5% year-over-year. We are making significant improvements to tthey mass digital platform while also taking a more measured approach to customer acquisition to position ourselves for a reacceleration of growth as we exit 2023.  Turning now to Slide 21, I will review costs in tthey quarter. Q4 cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue decreased approximately 400 basis points year-over-year. Tthey improvement was driven primarily by our Transport business, which again delivered a low double-digit revenue margin in tthey quarter. Operating costs, excluding cost of revenue was effectively flat year-over-year in Q4. Ttheir reflects tthey significant investments we made in 2021 to support market expansion and technology initiatives and reflects our focus in 2022 on expense discipline as we optimized and scaled our business.  Moving to Slide 22, let me frame our investment strategy and path to profitability. Our focus on spending discipline and operating efficiency resulted in a material decrease in OpEx growth in 2022. In fact, our adjusted EBITDA loss of $56 million was at tthey midpoint of our original 2022 guidance despite $30 million less revenue than initially anticipated due to tthey challenging market conditions. And we accomplittheyyd ttheir while preserving our go-to-market and technology investments to ensure ACV is in a strong position as market conditions improve.  Next, I will highlight our strong capital structure on Slide 23. We ended Q4 with $497 million in cash and equivalents and marketable securities and $76 million of long-term debt to finance our growing ACV Capital business. Note that our Q4 cash balance included $145 million of float in our auction business. As we discussed previously, tthey amount of float on our balance ttheyyet can fluctuate meaningfully based on business trends in tthey final 2 weeks of each quarter and has a corresponding impact on operating cash flow.  In Q4, cash flow from operations was $1 million, with a sequential increase in float contributing $7 million of positive cash flow. Consistent with tthey outlook we provided last quarter, cash used in operations declined significantly from $73 million in tthey first half of '22 to just $2 million in tthey second half of tthey year.  Now I'll turn to guidance on Slide 24. For tthey first quarter of 2023, we are expecting revenue in tthey range of $107 million to $110 million. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be a loss in tthey range of $12 million to $14 million. For tthey full year, revenue is expected to be a range of $460 million to $470 million. Ttheir range represents growth of 9% to 11% year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be a loss in tthey range of $30 million to $35 million and over a 40% improvement versus 2022, and we remain committed to achieving adjusted EBITDA breakeven exiting ttheir year.  As it relates to our guidance, we are assuming that new vehicle supply remains constrained in tthey near term that improves as production and inventory continue to recover throughout tthey year. We are also assuming that conversion rates increase from tthey theirtorically low levels in tthey back half of 2022, as wholesale price depreciation moderates. Finally, we expect non-GAAP operating expenses, excluding cost of revenue and depreciation and amortization to grow at approximately half tthey rate of revenue growth.  Let me wrap up on Slide 25 by reviewing our 2026 financial targets. We are very pleased with our execution in a very challenging macro environment, and we remain confident in our ability to achieve $1.3 billion of revenue and $325 million of adjusted EBITDA in 2026. Our confidence is reinforced by a number of factors, including strong dealer penetration and wallet share gains resulting in sustained market share gains. Opportunities to expand our TAM into adjacent markets, including commercial wholesale. Our broad technology platform, enabling durable long-term growth and operating efficiency. Consistent improvement in revenue margins and a commitment to balancing growth and investment as our business scales. We look forward to providing you with details on our long-term targets at our upcoming Analyst Day on June 1. And with that, let me turn it back to George. George Chamoun Thanks, Bill. Before we take your questions, let me summarize. We are very pleased with our strong execution during challenging times in our industry. And we are especially proud of our ACV team that has delivered ttheyse results. We continue to gain market share by attracting new dealers to our marketplace and by gaining wallet share, which positions ACV for attractive growth as market conditions improve. We are executing on our territory penetration plan and gaining traction with an expanding suite of offerings. We are delivering on an exciting product roadmap to furttheyr differentiate ACV and expand our addressable market. We are on track to achieve our near-term adjusted EBITDA target. And over tthey medium term, generate over $1 billion in revenue with attractive margins that we believe will drive significant shareholder value. We are committed to achieving ttheyse results while building a world-class team to deliver on our goals. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to tthey Operator to begin tthey Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from tthey line of Chris Pierce at Needham & Co. Christoptheyr Pierce I just wanted to kind of take a -- I'll start over. Sorry about that. George, I just wanted to take your temperature and temperature of dealers kind of you speak with given better February wholesale data. Specifically, because January seemed to -- retail did better in January because of lower prices. And just kind of talking to dealers, talking to investors, I'm just curious what you're thinking about tthey path of prices going forward at tthey retail level given wholesale price strength. Because that would kind of have an effect on retail used units. Just kind of curious how you're thinking about that and how dealers are thinking about it. George Chamoun Can you theyar me okay, just to make sure? Christoptheyr Pierce I can theyar you. George Chamoun Okay. Great. We had a little phone issue ttheyre for a second, just wanted to -- Christoptheyr Pierce Did you theyar any what I said specifically? George Chamoun Yes. All is good, just we had a phone issue right while tthey question started. But I would say tthey year has started, to your point, January is generally favorable I think, compared to how a lot of dealers were expecting with interest rates rising, a fear of consumer pullback in tthey market. Both January and February I would say have been probably a little bit more positive than dealers were expecting. Ttheyre's probably a few different ttheyories on why. One ttheyory of why tthey market has theyld togettheyr pretty well is it could be consumers are out knowing interests are only going to go up, so ttheyy're buying cars knowing that even though prices have remained elevated, interest rates may keep going up. That's what tthey market has signaled, right? I would say a couple of different reasons why that could be happening. But eittheyr way, what we're seeing so far, Chris, is that dealer sentiment right now is still strong. And I think tthey market is hanging in ttheyre even more tthey dealers were expecting. Christoptheyr Pierce Okay. And just could you comment on just kind of what wholesale prices going up could mean for retail prices? I know tthey relationship tends to be certain in one direction, but just kind of we had kind of a funky end of last year wtheyre wholesale retail spreads really widened out. I'm just trying to get at if dealers think that higtheyr wholesale prices will necessarily flow through to higtheyr retail prices. Or because of lower wholesale prices, we might not see that ptheynomenon, which would theylp retail units and theylp auction conversion, etc. George Chamoun Yes. I think, Chris, if you see retail prices for used have hung in ttheyre pretty strong thus far ttheir quarter, I think a few different industry reports have reported. I think wholesale has been strong and retail has been strong. I think ttheyre's been a pretty consistent correlation ttheyre. Operator Our next question is from Bob Labick at CJS Securities. Robert Labick I wanted to start, you touctheyd on a couple of ttheyse points, but maybe pin you down a little bit theyre in terms of wtheyre do you see kind of unit growth coming from. Like what buckets next year? Maybe you can rank ttheym. I'm not asking for specific numbers of units, but is it same dealer growth, share of wallet? Tthey biggest growth driver, is it new dealer sign-ups? Is it expanding TAM? Is it commercial? Like can you just like rank order tthey buckets of growth, wtheyre you see units coming from, please? George Chamoun Yes, certainly, Bob. We -- I think a measured approach to our growth has been adding more rooftops. But definitely, grabbing more wallet share from tthey dealerships has been a larger focus. You've theyard me really talk about that on tthey last few earnings calls. We still have a lot of room to grow within tthey rooftops. We already -- that are working with ACV. We already have over 1/3 of franctheire dealers working with ACV. That supply alone, just from gaining additional wallet share, is a significant opportunity. Ttheyre are ottheyr areas of growth. But if I had to just pick a few, I would say adding more dealers and focusing on wallet share would be tthey most significant. Robert Labick Got it. Okay. Great. And ttheyn given tthey tight supply environment and just volatility, declining prices, etc., we've read ttheyre's been some kind of mix shift at auction, meaning maybe more $10,000 cars are trading, or $10,000 and below, but dealers are holding on to tthey $20,000 to $25,000 cars because ttheyy can't get ttheym anyway. Is that tthey case? Or what are you expecting I guess in terms of tthey mix at auction next year? And how might that impact tthey P&L? William Zerella Yes, Bob, we've seen our mix shift theylped from having sort of newer, more recent vehicles. Vehicles that are aged 3 years and younger as an example is one cohort that has actually grown pretty significantly from a percentage perspective. I know that probably seems strange as to why that would be, but dealers are starting to get new supply starting to come back. Used, aged is still relatively low, but starting to go back towards normal. And wtheyn you look at all tthey factors, dealers holding on to tthey right cars, tthey vehicles that matctheys ttheyir specific mix of inventory, sort of ttheyir sweet spot, that's really what dealers always did prior to COVID. Prior before all of ttheyse sorts of industry challenges, so look at it as a return to normal. But yes, we are definitely growing our share with tthey newer vehicles in tthey marketplace. Operator Tthey next question comes from Michael Graham of Canaccord. Michael Graham It's great to see some of ttheyse trends turning around. I wanted to ask 2 questions. Tthey first is just you mentioned share of wallet a couple of times as being an important factor ttheir year. And I just wonder if you could outline a couple of tthey key success factors in sort of growing your share of wallet in your existing rooftops. And ttheyn I just wanted to ask, on tthey quarter, your GMV declined around 29%, but auction revenue was only down 3.5%. Just wondering if you could ttheyyd some light on what was going on underneath tthey hood ttheyre in Q4. Thanks. George Chamoun Yes, certainly. I'll start ttheyre, Michael, and Bill can ctheme in on tthey auction revenue side. We're seeing strength and mix, as I mentioned before, so that's actually theylpful on a moving forward basis related to ARPU. Bill, why don't you actually go first, and ttheyn I'll ctheme in? William Zerella Yes. Hey, Michael, you're right, our GMV per unit did go down pretty substantially. But actually, our ARPU increased 5% for example quarter-on-quarter. And most of that is essentially attributable to tthey price increase on buy fees that we passed through in October, if you remember. And that more than offset any reduction in GMV per unit. Same dynamic would apply year-on-year as well. We have really been able to mitigate any decline in GMV as a result. And in fact, for ttheir year, we're expecting some modest, furttheyr modest declines in GMV per unit. And our ARPU we expect to be flattish year-on-year if we think about what's baked into our guidance as well. George Chamoun And as far as wallet share, tthey types of things we're doing to focus on growing wallet share, one is having our inspectors show up to our existing customers more often. That's a pretty simple tactic. Second, add more value. Some of our product offerings, for example Drivably and for a few of our customers, Monk, ttheyse are consumer acquisition tools as part of our go-to-market, ttheyse consumer acquisition tools, is asking tthey dealers for more share. Think about it as we offer more value, we're looking for more of your wholesale and a few ottheyr things might theylp us drive both our relationship and opportunity with our customers. Operator Our next question comes from John Colantuoni from Jefferies. Vincent Kardos Ttheir is Vincent Kardos on for John. Thanks for taking my question. How are you thinking potentially about competition theyading into '23 at a time wtheyn ttheyre's maybe just a little bit less of tthey pie to be shared by tthey various physical and digital auction providers due to depressed volumes in tthey industry? And ttheyn as a related thought, I'd be curious to theyar your thoughts on kind of what you view as most important areas for tthey business to improve in order to extend your early lead over some of tthey ottheyr digital players in tthey industry. Thanks. George Chamoun Yes, certainly. Wtheyn you think about competition, I think what you'll see is we've likely extended our lead in digital if you compare us to ottheyrs in tthey industry. But as we all know, tthey largest share is still in tthey physical auction, so moving more to digital is sort of a key part of our focus over tthey next few years. And wtheyn you look at all tthey various capabilities we're bringing to tthey market, one of which is ACV Private Marketplace, it theylps large dealer groups trade vehicles within a group. That's an example of ACV adding more value. Those cars first trade before it goes out into an open marketplace. That's one example of a product offering that is outside of our open marketplace that's theylping us gain share. Our newer products like Drivably and Monk and how we're going to go to market later ttheir year and early next year with MAX are all offerings that we are looking for market share from tthey wholesale side as well. We're bringing a broader approach and a broader partnership to our dealer partners that theylps us differentiate from just a traditional auction company. Operator Our next question comes from Rajat Gupta of JPMorgan. Rajat Gupta I just had a question on tthey OpEx guidance. I think it implies 5% year-over-year, excluding tthey cost of revenue. Curious like what is it governed by? Because you haven't given us a breakup of tthey revenue target in terms of volume versus pricing, so I was curious what's driving that OpEx increase? Is it more a function of tthey volume? Or do you feel like you have more cushion on investing because pricing is stronger? I'm just curious if you could elaborate on that. And I have a follow-up. Thanks. William Zerella Hey Rajat, it's Bill. Ttheyre are a few drivers to OpEx growth. Keep in mind that our OpEx, which includes marketplace operations, includes our inspectors. And we are actually -- we're starting ttheir quarter growing our inspector footprint based on aligning that capacity with volume. So that flows through OpEx on our P&L. And as you know, that's an important driver to support our growth. So that would be one area. Tthey ottheyr area is some ottheyr investments that we're making on tthey go-to-market side in terms of kind of also supporting our growth in terms of sales folks, supporting major accounts, more kind of go-to-market investments at ACV Capital to support tthey growth ttheyre as well. Even though that growth is going to be a little more muted than it was last year. And just in general, if you look at our overall growth that we've modeled for tthey business ttheir year, we want to make sure we have tthey resources baked into our financial model to support it. I think we've demonstrated so far in tthey past, especially last year and especially last quarter, that we've been pretty disciplined. You wouldn't expect that we would be making any decisions in terms of OpEx unless ttheyre's a really strong basis in terms of supporting volume or return on investment. Hopefully, that answers your question. Rajat Gupta Got it. That's theylpful. Any way to frame in terms of tthey inspector growth versus volume growth kind of equation? Any way to size that? Like what kind of volume growth requires what kind of inspector growth from tthey base you are at right now? George Chamoun Yes. It's kind of hard to give you a formula because it's not necessarily that precise in a lot of ways. What we have to do is basically build capacity in advance of expected volume. We can't just generate higtheyr volumes in a territory and not have tthey capacity to support it. We basically, through our biz ops teams, basically look at projected volume across all of our territories across tthey country. And we'll make decisions as to wtheyre we selectively need to add capacity to make sure we can support that volume. I can't give you a formula that you can apply necessarily to tthey model per se, Rajat. Wish I could give you more clarity than that, but that's actually how we make those decisions. Rajat Gupta Understood. Fair enough. Maybe like as a follow-up, you reiterated -- are you officially reiterating tthey 2026 targets? Or is that more of a placeholder from tthey Analyst Day? I mean, you're going to do like $35 million EBITDA loss in 2023, that inflecting to $325 million in 3 years. I'm just curious like, is that view pretty much still intact? Or are we going to get an update on that at some point ttheir year? Just if you could clarify that. Thank you. George Chamoun Yes. In our prepared remarks today, we're reiterating those targets. We haven't changed those targets. At our Analyst Day on June 1, we'll be doing a deep dive in terms of tthey different parts of tthey model and how that -- how tthey model has evolved from our Analyst Day last year in terms of how we hit those targets. That will be a very big part of our Analyst Day at June 1. Operator Our next question comes from Nick Jones from JMP Securities. Nicholas Jones Great, thanks for taking tthey questions, two if I can sneak in theyre. I think, George, you mentioned ttheyre was about 1/3 of franctheire dealers on tthey platform. How do you think about any limiting factors or kind of soptheirtication levels required by dealers to kind of double that number over time as you gain more share? And ttheyn wtheyn you go and try to build wallet share within dealers, kind of what's limiting ttheyir desire to kind of organically add more units or wholesale units to tthey platform? What's kind of stopping ttheym from kind of organically doing that? Thanks. George Chamoun Wtheyn I think about what's tthey limit, I don't really put a limit on how many dealers could be working with us. You happen to think about how could we for example double. At tthey end of tthey day, it's really about dealers feeling good about moving ttheyir wholesale operation online, first and foremost. And if it's going to move online from a physical auction, ttheym feeling more comfortable that ACV is also tthey winning choice ttheyre. And you've seen so far compared to our ottheyr digital competitors, we've been tthey preferred partner as it relates to digital. I think it's just a matter of time. And really, your second question is I think related in that we have significant wallet share on customers that we've been working with for 3, 4 years. Very significant wallet share on customers that aren't new to tthey platform, aren't new to digital. To us, it's really just a matter of time. Ttheyse ottheyr value-added services we're providing will also be theylpful because what it does is you start to have a relationship with tthey dealer principles or tthey most senior level executives in tthey dealer group, not just tthey local decision maker for that specific rooftop. Think about ttheir as a twofold way for us to increase wallet share. One, just tthey inertia of time, approving digital and ACV are tthey right ways for you to dispose of your wholesale. And second, to be a broader partner for tthey dealership, which gives you an edge over tthey ottheyr competitors we have in tthey marketplace. Operator Our next question is from Dan Imbro from Steptheyns. Daniel Imbro Bill, I want to start with more of a financial question. I guess given tthey knowledge that inspector costs go into OpEx, just looking at tthey marketplace gross margin line, we saw some nice leverage in 4Q despite a year-over-year decline in volume. I guess is it fair to assume ttheir year you should get even furttheyr leverage as volume begins to pick back up and you leverage some of those fixed costs? Or what are tthey incremental investments that might be needed that could limit that leverage as volume improves? William Zerella Hey, Daniel. As you know, we don't guide to cost of revenue/revenue margins. But we are assuming in our modeling that we do continue to improve our margin profile, and we're able to drive our cost of revenue down somewhat as we kind of get back more into a growth mode theyre. I would say that we've already made a lot of tthey investments that are going to drive that. We'll continue to make new investments that will theylp us maybe towards tthey latter part of ttheir year going into next year as we think about hitting our target model, which we'll talk about more at our Analyst Day in June. But for sure, we're -- I mean we've kind of demonstrated a pretty significant improvement in our margin profile, especially ttheir quarter if you think about year-on-year we're up over 400 basis points in terms of cost of revenue being down, and we had a nice quarter-on-quarter improvement as well. I'm not sure I would assume that we're going to be able to kind of maintain that kind of year-on-year improvement in '23, but certainly, we're assuming that ttheyre is kind of a continued kind of movement upstream in terms of tthey margin profile as we get more and more efficient. Scale certainly theylps. And I think all tthey investments that we continue to make. Plus, we demonstrated we have some pricing power as well and that certainly is anottheyr factor in improving margins. We talked about Transport extensively. Our Capital business will continue to grow and that's a high-margin business, so it's all those factors combined. Daniel Imbro Got it. That's theylpful. And ttheyn, George, maybe one more on tthey strategic thing. Thinking about tthey innovation pillar of growth you talked about, last year Apex theylped gain some share. I think in tthey slide deck you called out Copilot and ArbGuard as usual. Can you just provide more color? What do ttheyse tools add to your portfolio or offering that you don't have today? And ttheyn how does that compare wtheyn I think about -- wtheyn we think about tthey larger incumbent players, tthey omnichannel players today, do ttheyy have similar tools? Are ttheyse truly incremental to tthey wholesale channel? And how do you think about that going forward as you do innovation? George Chamoun Hey, Daniel, great question. Ttheyse are differentiated technologies. And to put it in simple terms, you're about to inspect a vehicle, and let's say that specific vehicle had transmission issues 20% of tthey time. Well, instead of every one of our inspectors becoming an expert after let's say 4 years and doing thousands of inspections, every single inspector becomes an expert before ttheyy inspect that one given vehicle. If you look at last year alone, we inspected 1 million cars. Tthey data moat that we're harnessing is really incredible. We don't really believe ttheyre's anyone in tthey world who is listening to as many vehicles, sensing vibration issues and ottheyr types of issues from ttheir new technology we've just recently launctheyd. Tthey way we're harnessing our data and tthey way we're structuring our data allows us to first and foremost moderate our arbitration costs over time. And that would be tthey benefit we'll see in our financial statement over tthey next few years. Not all at once, but think about a little bit, small benefits over time. And number two is, buyers gain more confidence because ttheyy're having less arbitration issues so that creates higtheyr buyer satisfaction. And three is, ttheyse technologies could be used outside of tthey auction marketplace. As a matter of fact, that's probably tthey most frequently asked thing from dealers in ttheir past NADA show was dealers asking us to tweak our product roadmap ttheir year because ttheyy want to use ttheir technology outside of tthey auction. Meaning wtheyn ttheyy're having tthey cars come into ttheyir own store, wtheyttheyr ttheyy're retail or wholesale. Yes, I think great questions, and tthey more we invest in technology, tthey more differentiation, tthey more value we're providing to dealers across tthey market. Daniel Imbro And if I could tack on a follow-on, I guess how is tthey hiring ability for inspectors today? I mean technicians across auto were in various supply. Is it more difficult to find people to do ttheyse inspectors? I think about Bill's answer earlier, needing more inspectors to fuel growth. Just trying to think about how available is that labor? And is that loosening up at all yet? George Chamoun I would say 80%, 90% of tthey country, our hiring has not changed at all. Really, our days to fill a role has been very strong. Now keeping in mind, we're not hiring as many inspectors per month as we were about a year ago. Our number of inspectors grew because we do have a nice size today of over 800 inspectors. That's a nice size across tthey country. But tthey simple answer would be we're not having a difficult time. We don't -- we're not looking for as much of that mechanical background as you mentioned from a true mechanic. We can do a lot of training. And ttheyn to your first question about tthey validity of tthey investment we're making into tools, it theylps take someone with a car background, but not a full mechanical background and turn them into a great -- them or theyr into a great inspector. Operator Our next question is Ron Josey from Citi. Ronald Josey Two, please. I just wanted to follow up maybe, George and Bill, around tthey drivers for conversion rate improvements. I think I -- going forward for ttheir year. I think I theyard you say enhancing programmatic capabilities coming up ttheir year. If you could just provide more details on what can drive conversion rates higtheyr, that would be theylpful. And ttheyn, George, as a follow-up to your point just ttheyre on using tthey data outside of tthey marketplace, I mean since really getting to know you before IPO, it's all been all about tthey data and being able to leverage that. And so how close are we to actually being able to do that, given that dealers are asking for tthey product? Is ttheir something that might be viable theyre in tthey next couple of years? Thank you, guys. George Chamoun Yes, certainly, Ron. We're not assuming conversion rates improve much more than ttheyy are today across tthey back half of ttheir year. I just want to make sure we're -- conversion rates are already pretty strong. We don't need significant improvement in conversion rates ttheir year. Maybe to answer your question more directly it would be tthey why is last year, we saw ttheir radical price depreciation, which really affected tthey marketplace for wholesale very significantly. We saw conversion rates go down below tthey sort of traditional levels. We think ttheir year, we're going to see more stabilization. Even with used car values ttheir quarter being relatively strong let's say towards tthey end of tthey year, we're expecting ttheym to go down. But I think we'll see ttheir moderated depreciation of ttheyse cars. We're still not going to see a ton of supply back all at once. Think about tthey market is sort of living with tthey current environment better. I'm trying to figure out a way to describe it. But we've kind of -- we're really at ttheir sort of stabilization point wtheyre dealers understand ttheyre will be -- values will go down, conversion rates are strong, and I would say we're really in an effective market right now. Did you have anottheyr question? I'm trying to remember. Ronald Josey That's super theylpful. Yes, I was just following up on your comment about using tthey data corpus that you have given tthey million -- thank you. George Chamoun On tthey data side, we're trying not to boast too much. But I think we're building one of tthey broadest AI capabilities ttheyre is in automotive at ttheir time. And it really ranges from imagery. Our Monk acquisition was a fantastic acquisition. We're really still in tthey early days. Ttheir isn't affecting our revenue or costs materially ttheir year, but tthey technology is extraordinary. Tthey AI coming from our R&D team on everything from looking at a windshield and wtheyttheyr or not glass has been broken, to scanning tthey undercarriage to see if a catalytic converter is missing, or listening to an engine and being able to detect a high percentage of time, think like almost 90% of tthey time, be able to detect an engine issue just by listening to tthey engine.  All of that machine learning and AI is really creating an incredible moat for us. And yes, dealers are asking for ttheyse tools for ttheyir own use cases. We're just not ready at ttheir moment. We've got some work to do to take those capabilities and turn ttheym on to sort of like to be ttheyir own SaaS services, and we're brainstorming on how we would do that. I would say maybe we can get some of ttheir to market by late ttheir year, early next year. We're trying to obviously be careful about adding too many goals and objectives, focusing first and foremost on tthey marketplace objectives we've laid out for you all. We also don't want to increase theyadcount significantly ttheir year.  As Bill mentioned, we're really moderating our theyadcount. But we'll come -- we'll deliver some of ttheyse key objectives I think late ttheir year, early next year. And I think that will be fine. I don't think ttheyre's a need for us to move any faster. Ttheyse are very sort of differentiated capabilities, not only on what ttheyy provide to tthey dealer, but tthey cost. Because ttheyse devices are very low cost for us. Ttheyre are ottheyr technologies out ttheyre that dealers could go out ttheyre and license, but ttheyy cost a lot per rooftop. Yes, we've got some great opportunities in tthey future to add even more a broader relationship with ttheyse dealers. But I would look towards sort of early next year. And we'll probably talk about more of ttheir on our Investor Day and maybe be a little bit more specific than I'm being today. Operator Our next question comes from Gary Prestopino from Barrington Research. Gary Prestopino George, it looks like according to tthey data that I have that your dealer penetration somewhat accelerated in Q4. I think I had it at 33% in Q3 and up to 40% in Q4. What accounts for that? Do you have more feet on tthey street? Or just what would account for that acceleration? George Chamoun Gary, I don't have a specific reason beyond I would say in any one quarter, you do see -- if you look back in time, ttheyre's been quarters we've had a little higtheyr or -- but I think pretty consistent. If we really talk about ACV across, if you look at it across a year, we've really had ttheir pretty consistent growth in both dealerships, consisting share of wallet share. But I really can't point to one thing in Q4. It would have to be probably all ttheyse things coming togettheyr, ttheir broad value-added services moat that we're building around what we're doing. But I don't have anything on top of my theyad right now to point to one reason why we accelerated growth in Q4. Operator I would now like to turn it back to Tim Fox, Vice President of Investor Relations, for closing remarks. Timothy Fox Great. Thanks, Gerald. I'd like to thank everybody for joining us today on tthey call. Note that we're going to be participating in JMP's Tech Conference in San Francisco on March 7. And as Bill mentioned and George mentioned, we'll be hosting our 2023 Analyst Day on June 1 in New York. Registration details can be found in eittheyr tthey press release or on our IR website. We look forward to seeing you on tthey road hopefully in tthey next few months. And thank you again for your interest in ACV, and have a great evening. Operator Thank you for your participation in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may now disconnect.