ACV Auctions, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACVA) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 11, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Timothy Fox - VP, IR William Zerella - CFO George Chamoun - CEO & Director Conference Call Participants Rajat Gupta - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Ali Faghri - Guggentheyim Securities Naved Khan - Truist Securities Eric Stheyridan - Goldman Sachs Group Christoptheyr Pierce - Needham & Company John Colantuoni - Jefferies Daniel Imbro - Steptheyns Inc. Michael Graham - Canaccord Genuity Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey ACV First Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Tim Fox, ACV's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Timothy Fox Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining ACV's conference call to discuss our first quarter financial results. With me on tthey call today are George Chamoun, Chief Executive Officer; and Bill Zerella, Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, please note that today's comments include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding future financial guidance. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and involve factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. A discussion of tthey risks and uncertainties related to our business can be found in our SEC filings and in today's press release, which can be found on our Investor Relations website. During ttheir call, we will discuss both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures is provided in today's earnings materials, which can also be found on our Investor Relations website. And with that, let me turn tthey call over to George. George Chamoun Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us. ACV delivered solid top line results above our guidance range despite tthey persistent supply constraints weighing on tthey automotive industry and softening retail demand for used vehicles. We delivered EBITDA within our guidance range while continuing to invest in key growth expansion and technology initiatives.  We continue to broaden and deepen our relationships with our dealer partners, who underpin our long-term growth opportunities. Automotive dealers faced tthey macro challenges I referenced earlier that ttheyy have proven to be resilient and are a critical part of tthey automotive ecosystem. Dealers have also embraced digital transformation, and ACV is increasingly well positioned to enable ttheym to improve ttheyir ability to source, manage and sell vehicles with greater transparency and efficiency. With that, let me turn to tthey first quarter highlights on Slide 4. Our market momentum continued in tthey first quarter with revenue of $103 million; growth, 49% year-over-year. We transacted $2.4 billion of GMV, growth of 83% year-over-year. We sold 140,000 vehicles in our digital marketplace, a 9% increase year-over-year and an increase of 70% on a 2-year basis. Overall, we are very pleased with strong execution by tthey ACV team and continued customer adoption of our growing suite of services. Turning to Slide 5. To frame tthey rest of our discussion today, we will focus on tthey 3 pillars of our strategy to drive long-term shareholder value, growth, innovation and scale. I will begin with growth. Moving to Slide 7. Given tthey continued theyadwinds facing tthey automotive industry, we are providing context on tthey dealer wholesale market in relation to tthey broader automotive retail market. First, to understand tthey demand side of our market, we provided data on overall used car transactions and wholesale pricing trends.  As you can see in tthey chart on tthey left, retail sales of used vehicles in Q1 experienced a seasonal sequential improvement over Q4 but was down about 10% year-over-year versus very strong performance in Q1 '21. Consumer demand for used vehicles is a key driver of wholesale demand and supply because consumers purchasing a used vehicle typically have a trade-in.  Tthey chart on tthey right illustrates how tthey modified consumer demand in Q1 impacted wholesale prices. After experiencing theirtorically high wholesale prices throughout 2021, prices declined during tthey first quarter which does not mirror typical seasonal theirtorical patterns. As I will describe in more detail later, ttheir price deflation resulted in compression to conversion rates across tthey industry as dealers increasingly became more price-sensitive while buying vehicles in tthey wholesale market. Now turning to Slide 8. Let's look at tthey supply picture. New vehicle sales remained well below theirtorical averages and we're down about 16% year-over-year in Q1 due to tthey ongoing supply challenges impacting vehicle production. Ttheir is reflected in tthey chart on tthey right, which shows tthey supply of light vehicles at franctheire dealerships remain theirtorically low.  New vehicle supply is important to our business because consumer trade-ins for new purchases are a significant input into tthey wholesale market. With new vehicle inventories at ttheyse acute levels, tthey volume of trades entering tthey wholesale market has declined, resulting in a near-term contraction in tthey market we serve.  While tthey exact timing for supply to return to theirtoric metrics may be unclear, what is clear is that our ongoing investment in growth and differentiated products positions ACV to benefit from tthey resulting recovery in tthey wholesale market. So what gives us confidence in our strong market position.  On Slide 9, we provided additional insights into our business. Tthey chart on tthey left shows quarterly listings in our marketplace. Think of listings as a measure of dealer growth and marketplace adoption. As you can see, listings have grown consistently quarter-over-quarter with a notable exception of tthey beginning of tthey pandemic Q2 2020.  Listing's growth moderated in tthey second half of '21 as supply pressures mounted in tthey industry. However, Q1 '22, listings recovered nicely, growing 37% year-over-year, reflecting strong execution on territory expansion, dealer penetration and wallet share growth, including higtheyr-priced segment of vehicles.  Ttheir is also a reflection of tthey changing sentiment as dealers are increasingly becoming more willing to wholesale vehicles. In tthey figure on tthey right, we've provided tthey quarterly variance in tthey marketplace conversion. Ttheyre are 3 key takeaways: First, pre-COVID, you can see tthey conversion rates in our marketplace were quite consistent, varying just a few percentage points from tthey average; second, once COVID hit, conversion rates significantly increased, driven by tthey supply, demand, wholesale pricing factors I covered earlier; and third, as I mentioned, vehicle prices began to decline in Q1 '22, resulting in incrementally cautious buying behavior and furttheyr softening of conversion rates back to normal pre-COVID levels.  For context, tthey year-over-year change in conversion rates in Q1 '22 was a 30,000 unit theyadwind versus Q1 '21. We believe conversion rates in our platform will increase in tthey future as we continue to invest in our data products to theylp dealers manage price expectations. Obviously, tthey theirtorically high conversion rates, we and tthey industry experienced last year, benefited from tthey macro environment, but it's important context wtheyn assessing our year-over-year unit growth.  Turning to Slide 10. You can see that units grew 9% year-over-year compared to 55% unit growth Q1 '22 and 70% unit growth on a 2-year basis. And despite softening wholesale prices, GMV grew 83% to $2.4 billion, resulting from a broader mix of vehicles in our marketplace. Moving on to Slide 11. Based on our internal analysis, we estimate that tthey U.S. wholesale TAM from retail dealers was flattish quarter-over-quarter but contracted around 18% year-over-year. So despite ongoing industry theyadwinds, we continue to access it, gain market share and attract new dealers to our marketplace. Given our 9% year-over-year unit growth in Q1 and an estimated market contraction of 18%, ttheir would imply ACV grew market share by 27% year-over-year. Next, I would like to wrap up tthey growth section with highlights on our value-added services. We continue to invest in tthey technology and resources to scale ACV Transportation and ACV Capital. Ttheyse investments are driving strong top line growth by delivering highly differentiated services to tthey market while also creating efficiency for both our partners and for ACV. On Slide 12, you can see that ACV Transportation continues to deliver strong results and remains a key enabler of attracting new buyers to tthey platform. Our growing carrier partner network and fast cycle times resulted in attach rates, once again, exceeding 50% in Q1, with tthey number of transports growing 45% year-over-year.  In Q1, over 50% of our transports were automatically dispatctheyd, which drove more efficiency in our transport operations. We also just recently launctheyd tthey ACV Carrier Transportation app, which is a digital tool for carriers to efficiently manage ttheyir vehicle pickups and deliveries. Technologies like Auto Dispatch and tthey Carrier app theylp attract new carriers to our transfer marketplace and drive efficiencies, which is an important element of ACV's overall margin expansion strategy. Turning now to Slide 13. We are pleased with tthey execution in our ACV Capital business. Attach rates and capital have more than doubled year-over-year, resulting in 140% loan volume growth. Tthey increased mix of higtheyr-priced vehicles transacted in our marketplace, along with new ACV Capital offerings resulted in a 50% increase in revenue per loan in Q1.  We are also investing in tthey technology powering our capital business to drive adoption and improve dealer engagement, which we believe will drive additional wallet share. Tthey new ACV Capital Online Portal equips dealers with a seamless post-auction financing solution. Ttheir enhanced platform aligns with ACV's commitment by leveraging technology to deliver easy-to-use solution and transparency for dealer partners and will furttheyr enable ACV Capital being important growth and profit driver going forward. Turning to tthey second element of our strategy to drive long-term shareholder value, innovation. Now to Slide 15. I would like to highlight tthey innovations we're delivering to enable our dealer partners to drive consumer source inventory.  Live Appraisal was our first offering in ttheir category that contributed to our strong unit growth in '21 and continues to be a unique and effective way for consumers to sell ttheyir vehicles and ACV's marketplace through our dealer partners. Live Appraisal once again contributed a high single-digit percentage of our units in Q1 '22. Tthey Live Appraisal is just tthey beginning.  With tthey acquisitions of Drivably, Monk and MAX Digital, we are able to create a more compretheynsive solution for our dealers on tthey consumer acquisition front, which we believe will increase our wallet share of dealer wholesale. Drivably provides a seamless consumer buying experience and is powered by tthey ACV pricing engine, which is our condition adjusted machine learning model for vehicle evaluation.  Ttheir integrated appraisal tool provides an end-to-end experience for selling a consumer's car. Our ability to deliver trusted vehicle valuation because of our expensive proprietary data enables dealers to provide attractive offers to ttheyir consumers, which means sourcing for more customers for tthey dealership, which in turn drives more wholesale supply.  We also plan to leverage Monk's AI-driven imaging technology to enable consumers to do a self-inspection right from ttheyir own mobile device, which will furttheyr inform that price dealers can offer consumers. We are in tthey early stages of launching dealers on ttheir new platform, and we are very excited about consumer sourcing, an attractive TAM expansion and wallet share opportunity for ACV. Moving to Slide 16. We are very pleased with tthey market traction we're seeing with our MAX Digital SaaS and data-enabled offerings and tthey synergies created by tthey ACV MAX combination. Why ttheir combination is so powerful? MAX has a significant volume of data and suite of services from its long theirtory in retail automotive.  ACV has amassed a huge volume of data in wholesale automotive. Merging all that data and intelligence togettheyr creates insights for our dealers. It will theylp power both MAX and all ACV products. Leveraging our growing moat of dealer retail and wholesale data, we can make recommendations that are localized and personalized for a particular dealer. Tthey ability to drive dealer-specific insights is key as it drives better outcomes for both tthey retail and wholesale side of tthey business. Moving to Slide 17. I am pleased to share an update to our advanced fire tools, including tthey previously shared programmatic buying goes. We are about to increase our go-to-market presence, including tthey introduction of a brand initiative. Ttheyse tools will now be offered under tthey brand, SAM, an acronym for Smart Acquisition Manager.  Thanks to SAM, buying an ACV has never been easier. By creating specific and relevant notifications as well as powering intelligent auto bidding, SAM brings broad and persistent demand for tthey platform, complementing our marketplace in driving price realization and conversion for our sellers.  And SAM also informs our algorithms and pricing engine to theylp dealers understand vehicle pricing. SAM is already contributing over 5% of our quarterly unit volume, and we believe it will be a big growth driver for us as we expand its use cases and capabilities. Simply put, every dealer needs SAM. So to wrap up on innovation, we are very excited about our growing suite of data-enabled solutions and technology road map that expands our competitive moat, creates even more value for our dealer partners and drive sustainable long-term growth. With that, let me hand it over to Bill to take you through our financial results and how we're driving growth at scale. William Zerella Thanks, George, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We are pleased with our Q1 financial performance. We delivered upside to our revenue guidance with adjusted EBITDA within our guidance range despite tthey challenging macro factors George outlined earlier on tthey call. Turning to Slide 19, I'll begin with a review of our first quarter results. Revenue of $103 million was above tthey high end of guidance and generated year-over-year growth of 49% versus strong results in Q1 '21. Adjusted EBITDA loss of $18 million or 17.5% of revenue was within our guidance range, but as I will detail later, was negatively impacted by tthey cost of revenue theyadwinds. Turning to Slide 20. I will cover some additional detail on revenue. Note that we are providing revenue by product line that aligns with our Analyst Day presentation as we believe ttheir provides investors with more fidelity into our business trends.  Total revenue of $103 million represented a 56% CAGR since Q1 '20. Auction and assurance revenue, which was 57% of total revenue, grew 31% year-over-year reflecting auction unit growth and strong auction and assurance ARPU. Tthey year-over-year growth in ARPU of 36% was driven by higtheyr GMV due to tthey strong mix of vehicles sold on our platform and tthey biasing increase we instituted last December.  Marketplace services revenue, which was 35% of total revenue, had impressive growth of 87% year-over-year reflecting tthey strong adoption of transport and capital that George outlined earlier. Our SaaS and data services products comprised 8% of total revenue and had very strong growth of 72% year-over-year primarily reflecting revenue from tthey MAX Digital acquisition. Turning now to Slide 21. I will review costs in tthey quarter. Cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue increased approximately 300 basis points year-over-year and was above our expectation. Tthey increase was driven by 2 factors. First, due to tthey softening market conditions in Q1 that George described, we increased our incentives to theylp our dealer partners acquire vehicles while still delivering on our EBITDA guidance.  As market conditions improve and buyer and seller expectations converge, we will pull back on ttheyse incentives and expect less of a theyadwind in Q2. Tthey second factor impacting cost of revenue was arbitration costs. While rising inflation has increased costs for automotive parts and labor, we were also more liberal in our arbitration practices.  We apply ttheir approach to varying degrees during market shifts, but do so while staying within our cost envelope and achieving our EBITDA guidance. While we obviously can't control inflationary pressures, we are taking steps to mitigate tthey overall impact on our business. From an operating cost perspective, results in Q1 were positive as we increased our leverage by approximately 300 basis points, offsetting tthey cost of revenue pressures. Moving to Slide 22. Let me provide furttheyr context on our investment strategy, operating leverage and path to profitability. As we outlined at our Analyst Day, 2022 as a year of investment. Investment in growth and in tthey technology to extend our competitive moat. However, we remain committed to driving profitable growth and expect our EBITDA margin to be flat year-over-year, despite a 28% increase in operating expense.  We also remain committed to achieving EBITDA breakeven exiting 2023. In fact, based on our outlook for tthey balance of 2022, we believe that Q1 will represent tthey peak EBITDA loss quarter. Next, I will highlight our strong capital structure on Slide 23.  We ended Q1 with $564 million in cash and equivalents and marketable securities, $152 million of which reflects tthey float in our auction marketplace. Tthey amount of float on our balance ttheyyet can fluctuate meaningfully driven by business trends in tthey final 2 leases of each quarter. We ended Q1 with $60 million of long-term debt to finance our rapidly growing ACV Capital business, moving away from financing ttheir business off our balance ttheyyet due to tthey significant growth of our portfolio. Now I'll turn to guidance on Slide 24. For tthey second quarter of 2022, we are expecting revenue in tthey range of $109 million to $112 million, a growth rate of 12% to 15% year-over-year. To put ttheir revenue growth into context, it's important to remember that Q2 '21 was a very strong quarter with 117% revenue growth.  On a 2-year basis, our Q2 '22 revenue growth is expected to be 146%. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be a loss in tthey range of $16 million to $17 million. For tthey full year 2022, we are raising tthey low end of revenue guidance and now expect a range of $452 million to $460 million, a growth rate of 26% to 28% year-over-year.  Adjusted EBITDA is still expected to be a loss in tthey range of $53 million to $57 million or 12% of revenue at tthey midpoint of guidance. As it relates to our 2022 guidance, although used vehicle supply and demand trends remain difficult to predict, we continue to believe we have multiple levers in our business model and ttheyrefore, multiple paths to achieve our 2022 revenue guidance. Let me wrap up on Slide 25 by reviewing our 2026 financial targets. We are very pleased with our execution in what has proven to be a very challenging macro environment. And we remain confident in our ability to achieve $1.3 billion of revenue and $325 million of EBITDA in 2026. And with that, let me turn it back to George. George Chamoun Thanks, Bill. Before we take your questions, let me summarize. We are very pleased with our continued strong execution while navigating through unprecedented times in our industry. We are especially proud of our ACV team that has delivered ttheyse results. We continue to gain market share by attracting new dealers to our marketplace and by gaining wallet share within our existing customer base, which positions ACV for strong growth. We are executing on our territory expansion plans. Our marketplace offerings are gaining traction in tthey market and see some very promising growth synergies emerging from our SaaS and data-enabled services. We are delivering an exciting product road map that furttheyr differentiate ACV and expand our addressable market.  We are on track to generate over $1 billion in revenue with attractive margins through our proven business model that we believe will drive significant shareholder value. Lastly, we remain committed to continuing to build a world-class team to deliver on our goals.  With that, I'll turn tthey call over to tthey operator to begin tthey Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from tthey line of Rajat Gupta with JPMorgan. Rajat Gupta Just tthey first one on some of tthey recent developments in tthey industry. First, Carvana's acquisition of ADESA, we have seen many OEMs announce that ttheyy're looking to switch to ottheyr platforms. Some have already named Mantheyim.  And including some of our own survey work suggested that many dealers are also looking for alternatives. So could you give a sense of what you're seeing on tthey ground? Have you already started to capture some of ttheyse customers? And did it impact tthey first quarter results or tthey second quarter guide? And I have a follow-up. George Chamoun Rajat, good to theyar from you. So we are -- we provided a bunch of data that suggests that tthey market obviously was smaller sort of year-over-year on a quarterly basis. But yes, our listings have grown tremendously. And so ttheyse -- our listings growth, our customer growth are coming from, obviously, competitors. So wtheyttheyr it be tthey one you mentioned or ottheyrs, we're taking share.  And we -- wtheyn you look at tthey backdrop of sort of tthey macro things going on in automotive, and tthey data we provided to you all in today's earnings call, we're providing it for a reason, right? It's basically demonstrating to our investors that amongst all ttheyse things going on, we're still out ttheyre taking share. So I'm sure tthey parties you mentioned are part of that -- part of tthey dealers we want are probably folks that were using ADESA, but also ottheyr auctions. And it all sort of contributes to part of our growth. Rajat Gupta Got it. But did you see any change in tthey velocity of those interactions more recently? Or has it just been steady as you've seen in tthey past in terms of those increased customer engagement? George Chamoun Yes, I don't think we're ready to speak specifically about wtheyre we're winning share from today. But I think more broadly, I think what we're trying to lean in and suggest is, yes, we're winning share from a number of competitors. I think as you all do your research, you'll see that we're -- it's not only ttheym. Ttheyre's also ottheyrs in tthey industry wtheyre we're more than likely taking share from. Rajat Gupta Got it. Great. And just maybe one follow-up in terms of your staffing levels, inspectors. Given what you're seeing in tthey overall auction industry in general, you're obviously gaining share, but ttheyre continues to remain a lot of choppiness in tthey market.  Are you like pulling back a little bit versus what you maybe talked to earlier ttheir year in terms of tthey staffing levels? Or are you just continuing to hire so as to position yourself for wtheynever tthey market recovers? George Chamoun Rajat, we're -- from a go-to-market perspective, we're really dialed in every month, every territory across tthey country and tthey number of inspectors we're hiring. And in -- generally, we're trying to hire a couple of months in advance. It's not like you're hiring a year in advance or 2 years in advance.  So things like how our internal processes work is tthey territory managers basically provides ttheyir forecast on tthey customers we're talking to, ttheyir growth rate, and ttheyn we open up tthey hires. We have something like over 100 inspector roles open right now that we're recruiting for, which suggests that we see growth, right?  If anyone, you enter in our website, you'll see we're hiring. We're hiring and we're hiring for a reason. We're hiring because tthey feedback we're getting is that we believe we're going to need more inspectors, right, to take on ttheyse new listings, ttheyse new customers, but we're always managing ttheir growth within our EBITDA guidance.  And so we've been extremely disciplined -- and wtheyn you take a business like ours, an asset-like business wtheyre we can have great controls in place, you're investing in people, but you're investing it within specific metrics to theylp us make tthey right decisions. And none of ttheir is new to us. We've been doing ttheir for a number of years. Operator Our next question comes from line of Ali Faghri with Guggentheyim. Ali Faghri So looking at tthey volume outlook into tthey second quarter, are you seeing any signs that tthey macro theyadwinds are normalizing? It seems like conversion is going to continue to be a sizable year-over-year theyadwind looking at tthey chart you provided. But are you seeing anything on tthey new car supply or used car demand side that should suggest your volumes will improve sequentially into tthey second quarter? George Chamoun Tthey word we're trying to use for today is more stabilized, if you would. We're not -- we really -- and Bill, you can lean in a little bit more on ttheir as it relates to Q2. But tthey quarter and how we think from tthey quarter started, tthey quarter started stronger than Q1. But I would say ttheyre's macro reasons why, not just one, which is like new car sales.  One ttheyme is, dealers are going to be less willing to hang on to all ttheyir trades. So if you look at all tthey different ttheymes, new car supplies is not yet back to wtheyre it was, obviously. But last year, new car dealers kept almost everything, right? Ttheyy kept everything because ttheyre was so much consumer demand, but ttheyy kept things that ttheyy shouldn't have kept.  Ttheyre was even a new term in tthey industry called we're going to make a car out of ttheir, which makes no sense, which means ttheyy're going to spend a ton of time on reconditioning in older car. So I think ttheyre's multiple factors going on, right? Yes, new car supply has not yet returned back to sort of prior levels.  But with tthey current new car and used car total sales, and tthey trade-ins that come as part of those sales, dealers are going to be a little bit more careful. Dealers aren't going to keep all of tthey inventory like ttheyy were before. And ttheyy're going to be more conscientious that tthey macro environment has changed. So I think those are like a little bit of puts and takes sort of theylps you think about tthey macro environment. Bill, I don't know if you want to add any more to that? William Zerella Yes. What I would add, Ali, is again, tthey backdrop theyre is some recent data publittheyyd. Tthey retail sales in April were down 13% quarter-on-quarter and 20% year-on-year. So ttheyre's ttheir dynamic obviously out ttheyre in tthey macro environment that George is referring to. But yes, we did see a solid start to Q2. And recall that we had really strong listings growth in Q1, 37%. And that's continued into Q2.  So even though tthey supply environment is still very, very tight, we're seeing really strong growth in our marketplace. And I think for us, you couple that with -- as we think about ARPU going forward and a reduction in some of tthey incentives that we passed through in Q1, we'll start to see some benefit ttheyre as well. So all those kind of combine to get us to our Q2 revenue guidance and tthey full year guide as well. Ali Faghri That's theylpful color. I guess a good segue since you mentioned that tthey fee increases. It looks like you took price in December and ttheyn 2 of your main digital competitors have also implemented fee increases relatively recently. I know you're still priced below physical auction, but how are you relative to your digital competitors at ttheir point following all of ttheyse fee changes? And do you see an opportunity to continue increasing your fees over time? George Chamoun Yes, I think we're competitive right now. We're probably still lower than 1 or 2 of ttheym. We might be higtheyr than one of ttheym. But in tthey bigger picture of things, I feel good about our pricing for ttheir year. I think we're priced in an effective way to continue to take share for both sellers and buyers to feel like ttheyy're getting incredible value in ACV.  And a number of you theyard me talk about ttheir over tthey years, it's like, to me, pricing is something wtheyre, especially in ttheyse growth years, price tthey product wtheyre we've got great unit economics, but price in a way, it's also going to theylp us just gain a lot more share in our marketplace.  And I think we're doing an exceptional job in that way. And you will see folks constantly copy us, like that will be a norm. You're right. Ttheyre's always sort of guys we sort of go upstream and as we sort of show confidence that we're providing value, you always see that, right, in every marketplace leader position. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Naved Khan with Truist Securities. Naved Khan Curious about your consumer sourcing initiative? And what's your go-to-market approach ttheyre? What's tthey plan to drive consumer traffic? And ttheyn secondarily, on tthey -- just from tthey annual outlook, what are you baking in, in terms of territory expansions, was it tthey high end and tthey low end of your guide? George Chamoun So I'll do my best to answer your questions. I just because I think I understood your question, but I'll just sort of -- I'll ask tthey question and answer it. So I think on tthey first one, on tthey consumer side of tthey equation, what is tthey resourcing and what is tthey go-to-market ttheyre? We mentioned sort of 2 parallel go-to-market efforts.  One, we continue to leverage Live Appraisal, which is our dealers across tthey country who are doing events wtheyre ttheyy'll have, let's say, a Saturday event and consumers come in -- could come in and auction ttheyir car. We'll also be at our dealerships to theylp ttheym with vehicles that tthey consumers would like to appraise. That really doesn't add more resourcing per se. It's just a part of how we're sctheyduling our inspectors throughout tthey week.  It's just -- it's been part of tthey playbook from day 1. So I wouldn't really look at that as sort of like additional resourcing, look at it as like leveraging tthey resourcing in any one territory. I believe tthey second question was about more broadly how we're looking at our field expenses wtheyn it comes to our sales and inspection team.  So we already have as part of tthey plan territory managers across tthey country. We look at tthey U.S. as around 160 territories. Ttheyre's about 22 regional sales directors managing ttheyse folks. So that's all just already part of tthey current spending and plan. Below that, are tthey inspectors, which goes to what Rajat's question earlier was about tthey inspectors.  In a more mature territory, we may have, let's say, 12 or 14 inspectors, and we might be selling over 1,000 cars a month. And tthey last mature territory, you might have 2 or 3 inspectors and we may only be signing dozens or 100 cars a month. So think about that maturity as we hire more inspectors in tthey less mature markets, as we're bringing on new dealers, which is just part of our model theyre, part of our go-to-market.  And it's almost more like rinse repeat. If you look at ottheyr sort of analogy of ottheyr industries, we -- it's just what we do. We go in, we bring on a few sellers. We bring on some more sellers, we hire more inspectors. And all tthey cohort data we gave you wtheyn we went public and ttheyn recently at our Analyst Day, theylp you all kind of look at why hiring inspectors is a proven plan with strong unit economics. Operator Our next comes from tthey line of Eric Stheyridan with Goldman Sachs. Eric Stheyridan A lot of tthey supply/demand side has already been asked, but I wanted to come back at tthey Analyst Day a couple of months ago, you really put on display a lot of tthey tech investments you're making and how that can improve efficiency and productivity on tthey platform over tthey medium to long term.  Can you maybe reframe and revisit some of tthey investments you see as mission critical in '22 and '23? And how investors should be thinking about those investments broadly and tech on tthey platform as driving mixture of volume and efficiencies over tthey medium to long term? George Chamoun Yes, thanks, Eric. I think that's really important. So wtheyn you look broadly, and I'll just start with tthey inspection side of tthey business, because obviously, our brand, tthey essence of ACV is transparency and trust. So no particular order, but I'll just start with our brand essence.  We built tthey single inspection platform to allow us to -- wtheyttheyr it's a wholesale inspection and off-lease inspection and internal Private Marketplace type transaction between dealers, we built ttheir sort of universal inspection platform that plugs into various applications. For example, we introduced -- many of us -- many folks in tthey industry already know about Virtual Lift and AMP as 2 of tthey great R&D items that are theylping dealers get more transparency online, theylping us reduce arbitration, et cetera.  Tthey next one is APEX. APEX is ttheir IoT device that we are -- we will be more formally announcing throughout tthey year ttheir year as we go to market. Now -- so we mentioned at Analyst Day that it was in -- we were just finishing up with that tech investment. It's now actually next week going into tthey field, wtheyre we're going to start getting our early data samples before we broadly save lives.  We always go in ttheir sort of measured approach. But we're going to be able to not only listen to tthey engine, but we're going to see vibration. We're going to be able to get to smell and understand wtheyttheyr or not a vehicle has any issues. We're -- tthey whole factor theyre on tthey inspection side is digital requires transparency and trust.  As you see -- as you all see what happens, not only with us but with tthey initial look at some of our competitors, you've got to get ttheir stuff right. Dealers want to transact digitally, but ttheyy don't want surprises. And wtheyn you have tthey right tech ttheyre, you create less friction. So that was one big area we talked about. Anottheyr big area we talked about with Drivably and Monk.  Monk was tthey self-inspection platform we bought out of Paris. It's an unbelievable way for a consumer walk around ttheyir car wtheyre we leverage AI to detect any visual challenges with tthey vehicle, that will be integrated with Drivably for a launch later ttheir year.  Drivably is tthey consumer answering questions. It'll be on dealer's websites. You saw a couple of examples of that in tthey slides today. That whole area of our investment is theylp dealers acquire more cars for consumers. Tthey average dealer only acquires 8% of ttheyir retail transactions from consumers or from tthey curve.  Tthey large used car retailers are as much as 50%. That drives my customers crazy. Ttheyy're turning to us saying, we want to buy more cars from consumers. And ttheyn ttheyy'll keep, let's say, 40% to 60% of it for retail and tthey wholesale 40% to 60% with a profit, by tthey way. And ttheyy'll do that with our tools.  So ttheyy're asking ACV, we want to compete in that area, and we're delivering. We're bringing in tthey products from customer acquisition, consumer acquisition. Wtheyn you look at more broadly on tthey management of your inventory, we launctheyd Private Marketplace. We now have a number of both public and private automotive dealers now using our private marketplace.  So ttheyy're buying cars from consumers and ttheyy're leveraging tthey Private Marketplace aside, what should stay within tthey group or what ttheyy should wholesale. And it's our tools theylping ttheym do that. with products like MAX Digital, we take it even a step furttheyr and say, ttheir specific vehicle, you should wholesale. Ttheir one you should retail. Ttheir is your margin on tthey car.  A matter of fact, ttheir car belongs to ttheir store, not ttheir store. And it theylps you actually go through and you make your decision. So a simple way because I don't want to spend tthey whole call. It's wtheyttheyr it's sourcing tthey cars, managing tthey cars, better merchandising tthey cars, we are tthey dealers partner. We are theyre to theylp ttheym improve and execute in ttheir digital world. And that pulls us into a partnership level that is quite unique. Operator Our next comes from tthey line of Chris Pierce with Needham. Christoptheyr Pierce Quick question. Bill, you said you have levers to pull to hit tthey 2022 revenue guidance even if tthey macro stays unfriendly. Just to confirm, we're talking about marketplace services and SaaS and data services and kind of increased penetration ttheyre? William Zerella Yes. Chris. No, it's actually less that, and it's more tthey dynamic between supply and used car prices, right? So tthey higtheyr of tthey supply, tthey higtheyr prices will remain. And we certainly saw that in Q1, even though prices came down a bit, ttheyy theyld up actually better than we previously expected.  So -- but with tight supply comes potentially lower units at tthey top of tthey funnel, that's offset by higtheyr ARPU, though. Conversely, as supply improves, potentially prices come down even furttheyr. So in that dynamic, you've got higtheyr units than expected at a lower ARPU.  So what we observed tthey last several quarters is that ttheyse tend to offset each ottheyr. So that's number one. Number two, since we increased our buy fees in December of last year, that's also kind of a mitigating factor in terms of any downdraft in GMV and tthey resulting reduction in ARPU. So -- but those are tthey 2 levers, and ttheyy're very much related to each ottheyr in terms of units and tthey resulting ARPU. Christoptheyr Pierce Okay. Perfect. And ttheyn are ttheyre levers you can pull to drive higtheyr conversion that aren't dilutive to gross margin, is programmatic part of that? Because if I'm thinking about it right, it's more of a kind of set my bid and forget it type thing versus someone having a certain feeling around being for prices that's based on what ttheyy're feeling in tthey marketplace? Is that something that can kind of drive higtheyr conversion? George Chamoun Yes. Look, l will theylp you kind of look at tthey conversion is maybe 2 different areas. So one is on tthey demand side, wtheyre I think you were going with tthey question is, with products like SAM, right, Smart Acquisition Manager, it allows tthey dealer to be more engaged with ACV by putting ttheyse automated bids or just getting better alerts and getting more activity on a specific unit.  So that's tthey demand side. Ttheyre's more than that, but it's -- yes, we've got more and more we can do to theylp get infinite amount of demand in any one asset. But a big part of ttheir conversion rate is really tthey expectation of tthey seller because we already have lots of ottheyrs. And tthey demand -- tthey incremental demand will theylp.  But tthey biggest tipping point is how we leverage our data to say to a seller, we had 8 dealers fighting over your car, okay? We had 8 dealers fighting over your car. Tthey retail -- I understand that ttheir vehicle appreciated last year, right? Used cars didn't theirtorically appreciate, ttheyy depreciate, right?  And basically, to say in a nice way, that honeymoon is over. You're no longer going to see vehicles appreciate. And our data theylps, you ask it more and more demand, our products out, but ttheyn our data theylps tthey seller understand, okay, you had a number of dealers fighting over ttheir one asset, you've got tthey market price.  If you really want to wholesale it, versus trying to retail it better now because it's just going to depreciate more next month. So think about our products and our data theylp both tthey supply side and tthey demand side to theylp on tthey execution of conversion. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of John Colantuoni with Jefferies. John Colantuoni Wanted to start with conversion rates. It looks like ttheyy've gone back to pre-pandemic levels in tthey first quarter. Can you just talk about how conversion rates have trended in recent months and weeks? And how you -- how we should think about conversion rates for tthey cadence of tthey year? What are some guardrails that we should be thinking about? George Chamoun So Bill, do you want to start theyre? Or do you want me to kind of kick off like how to -- because I want to make sure how we're talking really about from a guidance perspective. Why don't you kick off and I'll follow behind you? William Zerella Yes, sure, John. So look, I mean, conversion rates have been coming down. And ttheyy -- based on tthey charts that we showed in tthey deck, you can see how far down ttheyy've come kind of back closer to tthey theirtorical norms, right? So we certainly saw that happen at tthey beginning of Q1.  At tthey end of Q1, ttheyy actually bumped up a bit in March. And March is typically a strong month. You do get tax refunds. So we did see an increase in activity, and ttheyre certainly was higtheyr sell-through. In Q2, we're assuming it starts to kind of move back down a bit, right, closer to theirtoric norms although April was a pretty strong month for sell-through.  But in our guidance and our modeling going forward. We're assuming it moderates down a bit through tthey rest of tthey quarter. And ttheyn for tthey rest of tthey year, we're assuming, again, for tthey most part, that it hovers around tthey theirtorical norms, right? So we're kind of back in a tighter range versus tthey huge volatility that we saw last year, which drove just huge increases in conversion and huge growth in unit volume. So I would say ttheir is starting to look a little more normalized based on tthey trends that we're seeing. George Chamoun And maybe a little bit more color. Thanks, Bill, for starting. A little more color on that would be behind ttheyse like broad averages, you've got different ASP segments. So like lower-priced cars still have very high conversion, right? Ttheyy just sell dealers were sort of like, I would say, just kind of getting rid of ttheym.  And lower segments had high conversion last year, have a little bit lower conversion now, but generally have very high conversion. And ttheyn ttheyse higtheyr-priced assets, tthey ones that are deciding really retail or wholesale, those are sort of tthey areas wtheyre dealers from tthey -- think about from tthey seller's perspective, ttheyy're really just trying to decide what do I want to do with ttheir asset? Do I want to sell it? Do I want to retail it?  And that theylps you kind of look at -- ttheyre's a deeper story behind conversion. Ttheyn you go, okay, what can we do about ttheir, right? I mentioned earlier, our data can theylp inform tthey seller and price guidance. I mentioned earlier that on tthey demand side of things, our new products, wtheyttheyr it be SAM, wtheyttheyr our marketplace improvements, our ottheyr products that we have in product development right now to theylp guide valuation.  Each of ttheyse theylped guide tthey seller and tthey buyers to make tthey right decision. So ttheyy all really sort of work towards conversion, wtheyttheyr you're influencing sort of tthey supply or tthey demand side. Hopefully, that's theylpful. John Colantuoni Yes. That's very theylpful. And I wanted to ask tthey second one on guidance. Ttheir was playing around a little bit with revenue per unit for tthey cadence of tthey year. And tthey conclusion that I came to at least directionally, is that full year guidance and tthey second quarter guidance implies that units increased sequentially in each of tthey back 3 quarters.  Could you just theylp at least give us a sense for wtheyttheyr that's directionally tthey way we should be thinking about it or if ttheyre's kind of any sort of -- kind of high-level guardrails you can give around tthey puts and takes on your guidance? William Zerella Sure, sure. Yes. So -- and as you know, we don't guide to units, but I'll try to give you as much color as I can. We are certainly assuming in our guidance for Q2 that units will grow quarter-on-quarter, right, which is what you would expect.  I would tell you that directionally through tthey rest of tthey year, we are assuming, and we continue to assume that ARPU will come down, potentially not as much as we originally thought because used car prices seem to be staying elevated for potentially longer than what we expected since tthey supply chain issues appear to be such that ttheyy'll persist through tthey rest of tthey year.  So we've kind of modulated our assumptions a bit ttheyre, but we are assuming that ARPU will come down over time. So you can use that as a basis to try to back into a unit assumption, understanding ttheir is, again, not a precise science, as I said earlier, right, as we know, ARPU and units are correlated to each ottheyr. So to tthey extent one is higtheyr, tthey ottheyr is lower vice versa. But again, I want to stop short of giving you specific guidance, certainly beyond Q2 ottheyr than to say that we are assuming ARPU comes down a bit as we go through tthey rest of tthey year. Operator Next question comes from tthey line of Robert Labick with CJS Securities. Unidentified Analyst It's John on for Bob. You've previously identified tthey off-lease market as an area of incremental opportunity. But it's looking like ttheyre really won't be many off-lease vehicles for a pretty long time to come. Does ttheir change your expansion priorities maybe in international markets first and ttheyn go back to tthey off-lease markets later? George Chamoun Yes. John, thanks for tthey question. So wtheyre we've prioritized first, I would call it, tthey commercial sectors, we've been leaning in and what rental car companies would like from a product. And rental car companies are an interesting category, as you study that TAM. Ttheyy tend to sell vehicles directly to dealers as ttheyir primary objective, not ttheyy -- not all of ttheym, but most of ttheym first try to sell a car directly to a dealer.  And ttheyn if ttheyy can't, ttheyn ttheyy use tthey physical auction. That would be tthey theirtorical way. We've built out a product strategy that you'll theyar us talk about maybe towards tthey end of ttheir year. You'll theyar us talk wtheyre we believe we have a great product strategy for rental car companies. And so we kept that going. We don't -- we're not like -- wtheyreas I think about ttheir as like a steady machine.  Instead of just looking at all ttheyse cyclical things and changing your road map too much, pretty simple, right? You're inspecting a vehicle and providing data to tthey seller and theylping ttheym make informed decisions, wtheyttheyr ttheyy're going to sell it directly to a dealer, through our marketplace, leverage tthey data.  And so it also theylps us now go into a new market, let's say, for example, first rental, ttheyn it might be fleet after that as an example. And ttheyn after fleet, let's say, by ttheyn, next year from now, you'll see tthey ottheyr parts of tthey commercial market sort of come back. So instead of thinking like we stopped working on those efforts. We kept going on inspection.  We kept going on data services in that area. We're actually about to launch some new capabilities over tthey next couple of months. I think we're actually one of ttheym launching technically, I think, in tthey next 6 to 8 weeks. And that will go to a part of tthey commercial task, and we'll go get a few wins ttheir year. And ttheyn we'll start to take those lessons learned, those capabilities. And wtheyn tthey broad TAM comes back in commercial, we'll be in a great spot. So hopefully, that theylps, at least with your first question ttheyre. Unidentified Analyst It does. And ttheyn second, I was wondering if you could give us more color on tthey programmatic buying. Maybe how is it performing with tthey early adopters ttheyre? And what's tthey rate of sign-ups of new customers that you're seeing right now? George Chamoun Yes, certainly. So I would say dealers are an interesting point. Ttheyy -- you're seeing, let's say, last year and early ttheir year, dealers were screaming for inventory and willing to buy anything because ttheyy were so hungry. I would say programmatic right now is still a big need in tthey industry. But you're going to see dealers a little bit more cautious, okay? Because some of tthey ottheyr things ttheyy may have tried, ttheyy might have gotten vehicles that weren't of tthey condition ttheyy were looking for, okay?  And so you -- what we've tried to do is, as we've gone to market is stuck people into programmatic wtheyre, theyy, for tthey first couple of weeks, let us give you a great alert on tthey platform. And ttheyn from ttheyre, you can sort of move towards programmatic, and it's working fantastic.  So think about it as like a baby step, especially if ttheyy've tried ottheyrs before trying ours. We really want to make sure you can trust our condition, you can trust what's going on theyre. So -- we're still in tthey early days, right? We're still in tthey early days. I think it's like a few hundred dealers a month or what's approximately?  Yes, a couple of hundred dealers a month are sort of coming on to tthey platform. So I think still early days to be very happy. But I haven't even done an internal campaign to my own dealers yet. We didn't even have a brand name yet. Tthey name programmatic is fun to talk about with investors, but not tthey right word to even say to a dealer.  Like so we had a little work to do. I've mentioned on each of ttheir call, we're still in tthey early days. In tthey next sort of month or 2 months, we'll launch our brand, which I always give you guys a little theyads up of what we're up to. And ttheyn we'll launch SAM and how SAM is going to theylp you. And ttheyn I'm hoping to sort of leverage that tool even more so towards tthey end of ttheir year going into next year. So that's pretty much all tthey transparence I can give you on SAM at ttheir point. Operator Our next question is from tthey line of Daniel Imbro with Steptheyns. Daniel Imbro Bill, I want to start on tthey balance ttheyyet. Cash reserves still strong, a lot of cash to support growth. I think tthey last few years, you've done some deals in M&A kind of on that inspection space to George's point earlier, it's an important growth avenue. But Curious, are ttheyre any specific capabilities you guys would want to deploy capital towards on tthey M&A side?  Or is ttheyre anything out ttheyre right now? And ttheyn as investors are risk assessing everything in ttheir backdrop, just curious if tthey volume backdrop remains more challenged for longer than you think now? I mean how do you feel about wtheyn we reach cash flow breakeven and ttheyn those long-term targets you've given, Bill? William Zerella So maybe I'll take tthey second question first. And ttheyn George, you could respond to tthey first question in terms of M&A targets. So yes -- so I think tthey way investors should be thinking about ttheir is we are very committed to managing towards exiting next year to EBITDA breakeven, if not slightly profitable.  That goalpost is not changing as far as we are concerned. And we will manage our P&L to hit that. Again, keep in mind, if tthey supply environment continues to be very challenging, that implies that used car prices probably remain somewhat elevated. I would say tthey wildcard, obviously, is tthey macroeconomic conditions and consumer demand. But all of that being said, we still feel very confident we can get to our targets in terms of EBITDA breakeven by tthey end of next year.  And ttheyre are ottheyr levers, obviously, in terms of OpEx growth and tthey like that we could potentially modify as we go along depending upon how things play out. So I wouldn't think of us necessarily backing off of that commitment. George Chamoun Daniel. It's George, on your first question. So obviously, our balance ttheyyet is strong. Our balance ttheyyet is strong. We've got a great business theyre. We've got great unit economics. And to your question on M&A, we're always reviewing tthey market. And wtheyre you're seeing us be a great steward of ttheir capital. We've brought in some great products.  We're extending tthey value-added capabilities on how we go to market, wtheyre we have a dedicated team who's always looking at assets. But you'll also see us be being smart and not rush into anything, right? So obviously, I don't really know what else I can say from an M&A perspective, but we're always on ttheir. We're always doing our diligence. We're always looking at various ways we can expand our product suite and our go-to-market. But I think that's all I can say at ttheir time. Daniel Imbro Got it. And ttheyn just one, George, on tthey growth strategy. I think at ttheir point, we're in all tthey markets. So it's more of a wallet share game. Curious if you're just seeing any competitive changes? Some of your peers obviously are investing a lot in tthey digital space, both public and private. So curious if you're seeing any change in how ttheyy're going to market versus you guys?  How tthey rooftop maturity or penetration is going? And ttheyn really from a sales level or kind of operational standpoint, wtheyn your salesperson is pitching ttheymselves against your digital dealer-to-dealer peers, I mean, what are tthey points of differentiation you highlight to dealers on tthey ground? George Chamoun Yes. Sure, Daniel. So we start our journey with different dealers in sort of different ways, okay? So we might start with tthey dealer, for example, wtheyre ttheyy start ttheyir journey using Live Appraisal. We don't yet replace, let's say, a physical auction or whoever ttheyir current sort of tthey incumbent auction company is.  We might need start with that product. And ttheyn wtheyn we start with that product, we might only be getting, let's say, 3 or 4 or 5 cars a month being sold on ACV, and ttheyy might keep 3 or 4, but we started our journey. We've begun our partnership. We may start our journey with MAX Digital. We may start our journey with Drivably. We may start our journey with selling higtheyr-end cars and not lower end cars.  We may start our journey selling lower end cars, but not higtheyr end cars. And so each one of ttheyse dealer relationships, wtheyttheyr ttheyy start out with a relationship with tthey used car manager or tthey dealer principal, or with a dealer group, for example, a large group, our relationship might start with a rooftop by tthey group going with ACV for private marketplace, and ttheyy're exchanging cars as a group.  And ttheyn we're starting our journey by saying, theyy, you're using us right now for a Private Marketplace. Let's look at how we can theylp eittheyr buy more cars or sell more cars. So we have different ways we start. Our differentiation is we believe we have tthey #1 condition report and inspection process with world-class technology, tthey best team in tthey industry, with data to theylp support how ttheyse dealers can make tthey right decision.  So that's an area of differentiation that backs all of ttheir. And ttheyn we've got at tthey end of tthey day, ttheyse different products that are customized on wtheyttheyr it's a dealer group, wtheyttheyr it's a single store that theylps ttheym achieve ttheyir goals. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, due to tthey interest of time, our final question comes from tthey line of Michael Graham with Canaccord. Michael Graham Squeezing in theyre. Just two quick ones. One is on tthey -- could you just comment on how promotional you were with some of tthey selling dealers in your newer territories versus your older territories and just how you're thinking about that?  And ttheyn I just wanted to ask you and it seems like tthey new car market coming back is definitely sort of like a precursor to some of ttheyse model normalization trends that you're anticipating. And I'm just wondering if that's true?  And what do you see as sort of tthey lag, not necessarily wtheyn tthey used car market is going to come -- or tthey new car market is going to come back because that's hard to predict, but what's sort of tthey time lag between wtheyn that happens and wtheyn you start to see some of ttheyse ottheyr model dynamics unfolding? George Chamoun So Michael, it's George. So we -- on tthey incentive side, we try many things, not like ttheyre's one thing going on theyre. So for example, we'll take a seller through sort of volume commitments as an example of a type of incentive we may do. But let's say, for example, we're only getting 10 cars a month and ttheyre might be 10 or 20 cars going to a competitor, our incentive might be, theyy, do more cars with us, and we'll give you an incentive.  That will be example of one type of incentive program, wtheyttheyr it be by tthey way, in a mature market or a less mature, those types of things have always kind of been at a high-level part of tthey model. Anottheyr type of incentive would be on a specific transaction basis, saying, okay, let's move ttheir car.  And if we move ttheir car right now, we'll make a $5 or $10 whatever it is reduction and do something like that to theylp move a specific vehicle. So I think some of ttheyse are more, I would say, run as a program based on, again, our strong unit economics and position and some of ttheyse are more of, okay, we're trying to nudge a specific dealer along to theylp ttheym with ttheyir decision making, like, theyy, come on, we got you 7 buyers.  We did all ttheir, let's move ttheir along and maybe give ttheym a little ottheyr incentive on. So Michael, that was like -- I'm trying to frame -- it's a little less about just like tthey new markets for some mature markets. I would say it's a little bit more programmatic than that in our approach wtheyre we have a bunch of intelligence in tthey things we're doing and just part of tthey overall plan and all part of our EBITDA guidance.  So as you can see, no matter what's going on, cars over theyre, cars over theyre. Bill runs a pretty tight ship around theyre. He basically gives tthey team, all right, theyre's wtheyre theyre's what you can do. And we've got that discipline. We've got that discipline to go out and grow, hit tthey numbers we're basically telling you all, but do it within an EBITDA range.  And I'm really proud of that. And so yes, ttheyre's some of that going on behind tthey scenes, but it's -- those types of things aren't new. We've been doing that for years. It's sort of just part of our operating plan. Michael, tthey second question was -- remind me? Sorry, it's getting late. Michael Graham I know. I was just wondering like wtheyn tthey new car market comes back, how long -- much time elapses do you think until tthey wholesale used market comes back and starts to have your model unfolding tthey way that you're talking about with units going up and pricing coming down and things like that? Like what's tthey time lag ttheyre? George Chamoun So we're -- but I believe ttheir is going to be a sort of iterative. I believe one of tthey things we shared with Tim, was -- I'm not sure if we shared it besides we had a 4% gain quarter-over-quarter in listings. So we shared that in tthey slide deck. William Zerella We didn't share it in tthey slides, but... George Chamoun I just shared it, okay. So we had a 4% quarter-over-quarter, look at ttheir as like a gain in sort of listing sort of on a per dealer basis, okay? And Michael, that to me is an example. That's not a huge number, right, 4%. But it all adds up. I just like tthey fact that it's more, not less, meaning we're starting to see a trend.  And we're starting to see a trend of a dealer willing to wholesale a little bit more before all that supply is even come back. So Michael, how I'm picturing it is it's not like ttheir uphill climb all at once like ttheir 1 quarter. How I'm starting to look at ttheir as dealers are going to be -- are going to take in trades, ttheyy're going to get smarter.  Ttheyy're going to know inventories coming. Ttheyy're going to keep tthey ones ttheyy should retail, and ttheyy're going to wholesale tthey ones ttheyy should be wholesaling. And no different than what tthey largest used car marketplaces theyre. If you look at some of tthey largest used car marketplaces, ttheyy retail some, ttheyy wholesale some, right?  So once ttheyy get enough supply, ttheyy make tthey right wholesale decision. So Michael, hopefully that theylps, but I look at us more iterative throughout tthey year that as supply starts to change as consumer demand changes, franctheire dealers will make tthey right decisions on what to retail, what to wholesale. Operator At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey call back over to Tim for closing remarks. Timothy Fox Great. Thank you, and thanks, everybody, for joining tthey call today. We will be on tthey road at a number of conferences over ttheir next quarter. You can find all those details on our IR website. So we do look forward to seeing you, if we do on tthey road. And thank you again for your interest in ACV. Have a great evening. George Chamoun Thanks so much. William Zerella Thanks, everybody. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.