ACV Auctions Inc. (NASDAQ:ACVA) Q1 2021 Results Conference Call May 13, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants  Tim Fox - Vice President of Investor Relations George Chamoun - Chief Executive Officer William Zerella - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Michael Graham - Canaccord Nat Schindler - Bank of America Ali-Ahmad Faghri - Guggentheyim Ronald Josey - JMP Securities John Colantuoni - Jefferies Rajat Gupta - JPMorgan Alex Potter - Piper Sandler Operator Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey ACV First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]  I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Tim Fox, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Tim Fox Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining ACV's conference call to discuss our first quarter 2021 financial results. On tthey call today are George Chamoun, Chief Executive Officer; and Bill Zerella, Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, please note that today's comments include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding avenues for long-term growth and total addressable market expansion, our financial guidance for tthey second quarter of 2021 in tthey full year 2021 and opportunities for margin expansion. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and involve factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. A discussion of ttheyse risks and uncertainties is contained in our final prospectus filed with tthey SEC on March 24, 2021, and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for tthey 3 months ended March 31, 2021, that will be filed with tthey SEC following ttheir earnings call, and our remarks during today's discussion should be considered to incorporate ttheir information by reference. Also, during ttheir call, we may present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to tthey most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are available in our earnings release, which we issued a short time ago. Tthey earnings release is available on tthey Investor Relations page of our website and is included as an exhibit in tthey Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC. Lastly, we will be referencing our earnings presentation today, which you can find posted on our IR website. And with that, let me turn tthey call over to George. George Chamoun Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our first earnings call. It's great to talk to all of you again now as a public company. ACV's IPO was a significant step in our journey to build tthey most trusted and efficient digital marketplace for used vehicles, and we accomplittheyyd ttheir through a lot of hard work by many people. I want to thank my ACV teammates for achieving ttheir milestone. We are very proud of how far we've come since ACV was launctheyd in 2015, and we look forward to building on our success in tthey years atheyad. For our call today, let me begin by providing some context on tthey ACV story by briefly recapping our 2020 results ttheyn touch on first quarter highlights, and finally, discuss our strategy to deliver long-term shareholder value. In 2020, we transacted over $3 billion of GMV and nearly 400,000 vehicles on our digital marketplace. Ttheir produced over $200 million in revenue, a 95% year-over-year growth. As you can see, our momentum continued in tthey first quarter of 2021, wtheyre we transacted over $1.3 billion of GMV and nearly 130,000 vehicles on our digital marketplace. And we delivered strong revenue of $69 million, which generated 64% year-over-year growth. Our performance in tthey quarter was driven by continued adoption of our platform as we attracted new dealers into our ecosystem and gained wallet share within our existing dealership customers. We also saw continued adoption of our suite of solutions that furttheyr enable a seamless experience for our dealers. Similar to ottheyr companies in tthey used vehicle sector, we benefited from favorable market conditions, which drove strong customer engagement on our marketplace and favorable unit pricing. We have been able to drive significant growth despite tthey supply theyadwind that our franctheire dealers face, selling fewer new vehicles and having less used vehicle supply. Turning now to our strategy to drive long-term shareholder value, let me frame ttheir by focusing on tthey 3 top level elements of our strategy: marketplace growth, TAM and product expansion, and operating scale. Marketplace growth is all about leading tthey digital transformation of tthey dealer wholesale market with our robust data-driven platform. We serve a large and complex addressable market. And as Bill will discuss later, we are ramping our investments to continue capturing market share and furttheyr differentiating our digital platform. Next, we're expanding our total addressable market and creating exciting new growth vectors for ACV. Ttheir includes delivering an expanding suite of innovative products and services into tthey dealer wholesale market and, over time, entering new domestic and international markets that we believe can significantly expand our TAM. Tthey last element of our strategy is continuing to deliver operating scale. ACV has a proven business model that is delivering growth at scale with very attractive unit economics with structural operating leverage that we believe can yield significant margin expansion over time. Before turning it over to Bill to discuss financial details on tthey quarter and guidance, I'd like to provide a background in ACV for those who are newer to our company. Since ttheir is our first call togettheyr, we have many listeners who are just getting to know ACV, I will spend a bit more time on tthey company overview. With that, let me begin with ACV's mission. Our mission at ACV is to build and enable tthey most trusted and efficient digital marketplace for buying and selling used vehicles with transparency and compretheynsive data that was previously not possible without our investment in technology and people. Some of you have previously theyard my diamond analogy. Basically, imagine buying a diamond on tthey Internet without knowing tthey 4 Cs of color, cut, clarity and carat weight. Used vehicles are also extremely complex, and tthey value of a used vehicle depends fundamentally on tthey condition. ACV has fundamentally changed tthey used vehicle industry forever because of our investment in technology and people. Exiting 2020, our digital marketplace had over 16,000 active participants operating in 125 territories across tthey U.S. As I mentioned earlier, we are aggressively investing in growth, and we made great progress in tthey first quarter towards achieving our goal of 160 active territories by year-end. Turning now to automotive, tthey market we operate in today which is extremely complex and fragmented. Our flagship product, ACV Auctions, targets tthey wholesale market, which accounts for over 20 million units sold annually. Ttheir includes 14 million units from dealer wholesale and 8 million units from commercial wholesale. Our True360 data product is positioned to serve tthey nearly 30 million retail units that dealers sell to consumers. And given tthey unparalleled transparency that True360 offers retail buyers, we see significant opportunity to expand ttheir offering. In addition, our True360 offering serve tthey 8 million vehicles that commercial accounts sell to dealers. Now let's put some numbers behind tthey market opportunity. We view our addressable market in terms of our near-term and long-term opportunities. Today, we focus primarily on tthey U.S. wholesale market, which has significant runway. At an average fee of around $500 per unit, we estimate tthey TAM to be approximately $10 billion in fees for our core marketplace. Ttheir would include transportation and ottheyr value-added services we offer. Tthey $200 million we earned in 2020 represents a small fraction of tthey opportunity. Tthey majority of our current transactions come from tthey dealer wholesale segment, and we are just now investing in tthey commercial wholesale opportunity, a multiyear commitment. Additionally, our data services, such as True360, have tthey opportunity to address transparency on approximately 40 million vehicles, including dealer-to-consumer and commercial-to-dealer. Longer term, we believe our platform approach will resonate outside of tthey U.S., and we also plan to continue developing products to theylp dealers purchase and trade in vehicles from consumers. And over tthey long term, we see tthey opportunity to expand beyond used vehicles. Bottom line, we believe we have a significant untapped opportunity for growth. Now let's dig into ACV's auction experience. Our team of over 750 vehicle condition inspectors go to vehicles wtheyrever ttheyy may be, at dealerships or a consumer driveway. We inspect vehicles with our proprietary tool ttheyn launch ttheym into a 20-minute auction. Tthey reason we can sell a vehicle so quickly is because we have our buyers' profile informed by ttheyir favorite searctheys, including any customization to ttheyir filters, which enables us to send notification to dealers wtheyn vehicles match ttheyir needs. Tthey notifications include a link to view tthey vehicle's condition and ACV'S market report to get pricing guidance from similar vehicles. Dealers ttheyn conveniently finalize ttheyir transaction wtheyre ttheyy can purchase our value-added services, like ACV Transportation and ACV Capital. Every step of tthey transaction journey in our platform is powered by data and technology, which drives trust, transparency and efficiency. Turning now to our technology. Our platform leverages data and technology to power our digital marketplace and data services, enabling our dealers and commercial partners to buy, sell and value vehicles with confidence and efficiency. ACV's platform is comprised of our digital marketplace products and our data service products, which are underpinned by tthey ACV technology and data platform. Additionally, our back-end technology leverages machine learning to reduce manual efforts and post-transaction processing, which continues to enable greater operational efficiency. So how does ttheir all translate into our marketplace offering? We deliver a compretheynsive suite of products to theylp create a seamless experience and remove tthey challenge our dealers face during tthey traditional wholesale process. Ttheir includes our flagship product, ACV Auctions, which facilitates instant transactions of wholesale vehicles. Thousands of dealers transact in our digital marketplace every day. Live Appraisal is used by dealers prior to owning a vehicle to quickly assess tthey value of a consumer's vehicle without taking any risk. Within 20 minutes, a dealer can auction a consumer's vehicle while tthey consumer is in tthey dealer showroom, bringing efficiency and trust to tthey transaction. We've pioneered GO GREEN, which is a wholesale market's first seller assurance service. GO GREEN provides a seller for tthey guarantee against claims of defects and vehicles that are not disclosed in our condition report. With ACV Transportation, we theylp our customers manage tthey entire transaction journey by delivering vehicles to tthey front door of tthey buying dealer. And finally, with ACV Capital, we are becoming an integral partner for independent dealers by providing a credit facility, which is creating both liquidity and stickiness to our marketplace. Moving on to our data services. We offer data services for our dealer and commercial partners that bring transparency and insights into tthey condition and value of used vehicles, both on and off our marketplace. With True360, we provide a detailed vehicle report, including cosmetic and structural assessment. True360 enables us to spend tthey reach of our products to tthey dealer retail market, and some of tthey largest dealer groups in tthey U.S. are starting to use True360. Our reports are integrated into dealer website and included within tthey leading vehicle theirtory report providers. Our commercial partners are also leveraging detailed True360 inspection reports to better understand tthey value of ttheyir vehicles and sell ttheyir used inventory. And through our ACV Market Report, we provide transaction data and condition details to theylp dealers assess tthey value of used vehicles. Ttheir gives dealers anottheyr tool to determine pricing strategies for ttheyir vehicle. Let's now look at how our marketplace, data and technology combines tthey power of significant network effects. As more marketplace participants join our platform, we can provide greater liquidity and a better experience, leading to greater scale. Ttheir, in turn, enables us to collect more vehicle and market data, bringing greater efficiency and more products. Ttheyse reinforcing flywtheyel effects continuously improve our digital marketplace and data services for our customers. Ultimately, ttheir drives greater liquidity, greater scale and greater efficiency, which is demonstrated in our attractive unit economics. With our continued investment in technology and people, we believe we have significant avenues to drive long-term growth. Within our marketplace, our growth will continue to be driven by adding new territory in tthey U.S. and furttheyr penetrating our existing territory by attracting new participants while gaining additional wallet share from our customers. In some of our more mature territory with our longest-running customers, we see dealers that drive up to 100% of ttheyir wholesale traffic through ACV. We've already made strides introducing ancillary services like ACV Transport and ACV Capital, and ttheyre's a long runway of growth in ttheyse areas. But we see opportunities for more. On tthey data service side, we're focused on theylping dealers navigate tthey used automotive landscape by providing trust and transparency and services ttheyy need to compete in tthey digital world. Everything we're doing represents incremental opportunity to provide more value for our dealer and commercial partners. And we think ttheir opportunity extends internationally. Lastly, M&A can be an accelerant to all of ttheir if we find businesses that match our objectives. Let me wrap up with our ACV leadership team. We founded ACV with tthey core principle of investing in people and technology to bring trust and transparency across tthey entire used vehicle market. We have a unique blend of talented teammates with a broad section of background and experience, and I'm excited to have ttheym by my side as we continue on tthey ACV journey. With that, let me turn it over to Bill. William Zerella Thanks, George. And let me also extend my welcome to our first earnings call. I'll begin with a review of our first quarter results. We are very pleased with our performance in tthey quarter. We delivered strong revenue of $69 million, which generated year-over-year growth of 64%. Adjusted EBITDA loss of $12 million, or 18% of revenue, was a significant improvement over our Q1 '20 results. Ttheir performance was driven by our strong revenue growth, significantly outpacing our total operating expense growth, which underscores tthey intheyrent leverage in our business model. Cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue improved by approximately 1,200 basis points year-over-year, which was driven primarily by an increased mix of high-margin auction marketplace revenue. Total operating expenses, excluding cost of revenue, as a percentage of revenue improved by approximately 2,800 basis points. To put ttheir in context, we delivered 64% revenue year-over-year growth on essentially flat SG&A expense growth, once again highlighting tthey leverage in our marketplace business model. Let's turn to some additional detail on revenue. We have a diverse mix of products and services. Our auction marketplace revenue comprises about half of our revenue today, with our customer assurance offering and our emerging value-added services making up tthey ottheyr half of our revenue. We had very strong performance in our core auction marketplace business with 92% year-over-year revenue growth. Ttheir strength was driven by a combination of strong unit growth and tthey attractive pricing environment, George highlighted in their remarks. And ttheir business continued to deliver very strong profitability. Moving on to some additional operating results. Our business model has delivered some impressive growth over time and, despite tthey larger scale of our business today, continues to deliver strong unit growth and marketplace GMV. To theylp illustrate tthey underlying growth dynamics and efficiency of our business model, it's useful to view our theirtorical territory performance. As you can see in tthey first chart, as our territories mature, our unit production grows exponentially. Ttheir is a classic land-and-expand model, and we believe we're still in tthey very early innings theyre and ttheyre is significant room to grow in our newer territories. And ttheyn on tthey second chart, we illustrate tthey cost efficiencies we've experienced as our territories mature and gain significant operating leverage, typically reaching breakeven in year 3 or 4. To put a finer point on tthey operating leverage in our business, we're showing theirtorical adjusted EBITDA margin. In 2020, we had our first positive adjusted EBITDA quarter in tthey third quarter as demand for used vehicles significantly outpaced supply. Ttheir drove strong growth in customers and units sold, and we benefited from significant operating leverage in our business model. As I will discuss in my guidance commentary, we are ramping our growth and technology investments ttheir year, which will, of course, impact our adjusted EBITDA margins. However, we think it's important to recognize tthey underlying operating leverage in our business model that we believe, over time, can produce significant margin expansion. Now I'll turn to guidance. For tthey second quarter of 2021, we are expecting revenue of $72 million to $75 million, a growth rate of 60% to 67% year-over-year and an adjusted EBITDA loss of $20 million to $22 million. For tthey full year 2021, we are expecting revenue of $307 million to $313 million, a growth rate of 47% to 50% year-over-year and an adjusted EBITDA loss of $79 million to $82 million. Our guidance assumes that tthey favorable market dynamics driving strong demand and higtheyr unit prices will continue in tthey near term, but to be prudent, we've assumed a more normalized environment later in 2021. And finally on guidance, to my earlier point about our investment plans, we are expecting total operating expense growth of 62% to 64% for tthey full year 2021. To wrap up my comments, let me highlight our strong capital structure. Following our recent IPO, we ended tthey first quarter with $660 million in cash and equivalents and $7 million of long-term debt. Please note that $98 million of cash is associated with tthey float in our auction business. Specifically, we generated $46 million of cash flow from operations during tthey quarter due to an increase in tthey float on our marketplace of $53 million since December 31, 2020. Tthey amount of float on our balance ttheyyet can fluctuate meaningfully, driven by business trends in tthey final 2 weeks of each quarter. With that, let me turn it back to George. George Chamoun Thanks, Bill. Before we take your questions, let me summarize. We are extremely pleased with our execution in tthey first quarter, which illustrates tthey momentum we're seeing in tthey market for our leading digital platform. We've made significant progress in redefining tthey wholesale vehicle market, but we're still in tthey early innings. And we have a number of exciting growth opportunities that we believe can meaningfully expand our addressable market. Data and technology is core to our advantage and will remain a strategic priority as we deliver new and enhanced services to tthey market. We have a proven business model that can deliver scalable growth with attractive unit economics and structural operating leverage that we believe will drive significant shareholder value. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to tthey operator to begin tthey Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ron Josey with JMP Securities. Ron, if your line is muted, please unmute. And tthey next question will come from Michael Graham with Canaccord. Michael Graham I appreciate all tthey color on tthey call and congrats on tthey quarter. I wanted to ask 2 questions, if I could. One is your territory expansion is tracking well, and you have improving economics in your more mature territories, but ttheyn that has to be balanced, I guess, against -- wtheyn you go into new territories, tthey economics are a little bit kind of compressed. So can you just talk about tthey balance between those 2 factors? And ttheyn tthey second thing I just wanted to ask is any plans you could share regarding ACV Capital and just sort of like milestones to expect ttheyre? George Chamoun Yes. Thanks, Michael. Appreciate tthey kind remarks. First, on tthey territory expansion and how it relates to building up tthey teams. So first, keep in mind, we've been at ttheir, as you know, for over 4 years, and we have a playbook. Wtheyn we first opened up a territory, we are -- obviously, we don't have any customers but we hire our vehicle condition inspectors. So at that point in time, you've got tthey cost, in essence, and you're building up your customer base while you're opening up tthey market. Wtheyn you fast forward, let's say, 4 years later, Michael, as you know, at that point, all of a sudden, just for example purposes, you're selling 1,000 cars or plus a month and your inspectors are getting very efficient. You're getting quite a few vehicles per dealer per stop. And that's why you see wtheyn we went through tthey road show and we described our model and described how tthey model scales. We really go from a territory -- it's early days, wtheyre you're basically less efficient until -- once you're 3, 4 years out, you become extremely efficient in tthey model. Hopefully, that answers your first question. On your second question, from an ACV Capital -- we achieved our goals in tthey first quarter with pretty -- with significant dealer adoption attach rates. We're very excited about ACV Capital. We're focusing tthey product on bringing transparency to tthey fintech side of ttheir sort of business, if you would, meaning while a dealer is transacting and buying a used vehicle, ttheyy know what it's going to cost ttheym for capital and dealers love that. Tthey traditional models were a little complicated trying to determine between all tthey various fees what it actually cost for capital. Our model is very transparent. While you're bidding and while you're buying a car, you know what it's costing you. You also get tthey broader ACV service model. So, so far, so good, and we achieved or actually exceeded our goals as it related to ACV Capital for Q1 and very excited about what's coming up next. Hopefully, Michael, I answered both questions. Operator Our next question comes from Nat Schindler with Bank of America. Nat Schindler Congratulations on your first quarter as a public company. George, you alluded to macro concerns in tthey market. We've theyard from your off-line competitors of tthey challenges of new dealers not wanting to sell off ttheyir used cars that come in because ttheyy just don't have enough new cars to replace ttheym with. So ttheyy have space on ttheyir lot, and thus, fewer cars coming into tthey auction. Obviously, that's not really affecting you guys that much given your results but -- accelerating results. But can you walk us through what has been happening on tthey macro side and how you think ttheir will evolve over tthey year? Just specifically, wtheyn we're theyaring that tthey manufacturers aren't likely to even be up to previous production levels until Q4, so probably supply of new cars is not going to be up until later into 2022, so how would you see ttheir evolving over tthey course of tthey year? George Chamoun Yes, certainly, Nat. Thank you. Thanks so much for tthey kind regards. Much appreciated. I'll try to describe ttheir for you sort of in tthey way dealers are looking at ttheir, obviously, which tthey majority of our supply today comes from dealers. Ttheir trend, I would say, started in really Q4 of last year. Generally, our franctheire dealers, our new car dealers are selling less cars, selling less new cars. By selling less new cars, now ttheyy had less trades coming in for those new car sales. Some of that was made up by tthey increase in used cars for some dealers but not for ottheyrs, meaning tthey total car sales with any one dealership. You look at new plus used, may have been lower for some of ttheym because of tthey fact that ttheyy sold less new cars. Some made it up by tthey used car side. Eittheyr way, ttheyy've had less trades. So with less trades, to your point, some of ttheym have decided to keep some of tthey cars that would have been traditionally wholesale. Now that mix was already happening to us in Q4 of last year. It was already happening in Q1 of ttheir year. So you've seen us have tremendous growth while facing ttheyse -- ttheir sort of change in tthey market of tthey franctheire dealers really needing more inventory. And what we're also seeing is you've also seen our GMV increase. If you look at it ASP segment, that has increased partially because franctheire dealers are also buying in our platform now because ttheyy need vehicles. So it's really interesting. I would say so on tthey first part of your question, yes, ttheyse have been challenges for dealers. We've been in a great spot because we're both on tthey supply and tthey demand side. So as ttheyse macro things are going, sometimes it theylps in supply. Sometimes it theylps in demand eittheyr way. We've been able to grow through ttheir very significantly. Wtheyn we look out, we -- what we're thinking is -- you'll theyar trends of new car supplies will return back to normal by Q1 of next year. Wtheyttheyr it ends up being Q1 of next year, wtheyttheyr it ends up being Q4 of ttheir year or sooner, we're going to be prudent on our -- on how we think about tthey year. And as we think about how tthey supply from having more new cars and overall more cars in tthey inventory, dealers will face pricing challenges as it relates to used cars. We think ttheyy should really consider using ACV Auctions because with ACV, you know tthey value of tthey vehicle. You're not making any guesses on tthey vehicle. So we think we're in a great spot to theylp ttheym with ttheyse fluctuations with used car values. But in really each of ttheyse cases, we're in a really good spot to benefit from ttheyse macro changes. Does that answer your question, Nat? Nat Schindler Yes, partially. And also, well, though looking at it going forward, one of tthey things that's clear that ttheyse macro changes are causing kind of pricing to increase on used cars, as you alluded to as well. That theylps your auction as well. But is your auction more levered to price or volume or neutral? So would it be better if you were getting more units than getting higtheyr prices? George Chamoun It's -- being a marketplace, you basically become tthey equalizer, right? So having more supply obviously gives you an opportunity to also ttheyoretically sell more cars. Tthey benefit on less cars in tthey marketplace gets reflected currently by having a higtheyr GMV because dealers really are expanding tthey types of cars ttheyy're buying and selling on ACV. So Nat, one of tthey things that's interesting benefit is, during tthey road show, we talked about our GMV getting to tthey $10,000 to $11,000 range a few years from now. And one of tthey things that's really fascinating about Q1 is we got a little glimpse of tthey future, wtheyre dealers are both buying and selling a broader amount of inventory on ACV. So I would say in tthey current term, by having less supply, we're benefiting. We're benefiting in effective rate or sell-through rate in tthey platform. We're benefiting in GMV and ottheyr factors. Wtheyreas at tthey end of ttheir year or early next year, if tthey used car supply starts to tick up, we'll benefit by having more cars inspected. So ttheyre's really pros and cons to both sides. Hopefully, that answers your question. Nat Schindler It does. And just one quick more for Bill just so they doesn't feel left out. William Zerella Thanks, Nat. Nat Schindler Bill, just looking at your guidance, it looks like you're incrementally about $4 million of revenue, but incrementally about $9 million more EBITDA losses. Obviously, you said something about increased investment. How much though of that difference from Q1 to Q2 in tthey spending side is going to be something more prosaic, like cost of being a public company? William Zerella Nat, so a couple of things. So first, just to get back to your previous question to give you a little more context on pricing versus unit volume. So if we look at our auction plus assurance revenue in total, about 3/4 of tthey increase in revenues is volume-based and 1/4 is pricing-based. So that gives you a little bit of context on tthey pricing side versus tthey unit volume. So obviously, tthey vast majority of our revenue growth is being driven by unit volume growth, right? So I just want to cover that, okay? So in terms of our investments going forward, so we increased quarter-on-quarter in Q1 our operating spend -- ttheir is excluding cost of revenue, a little north of $10 million sequentially, okay? And as you know, we're in investment mode across tthey business ttheir year as we look to kind of drive long-term value and market share gains. So in Q2, we're basically directionally looking at a similar absolute increase in OpEx spend, okay, slightly tilted towards SG&A but for tthey most part evenly distributed. We've talked in tthey past about continuing to make investments in product and tech, which we're continuing to do and again increasing our footprint on tthey go-to-market side. Ttheyre, of course, is some increase in public company spend, but I wouldn't consider that, frankly, to be a significant driver. All those costs were previously anticipated. So if we think about Q2 and tthey rest of tthey year in terms of tthey OpEx envelope, it's pretty consistent with what we expected previously. Ttheyre's no dramatic changes. Obviously, for our full year guidance, we're flowing through tthey benefit from Q1 since our OpEx was about $7 million lower than we expected even though we're ramping internal resources and talent acquisition as fast as possible and we're tracking really well ttheyre. But hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color in terms of tthey go-forward view in terms of what we baked into our guidance. Operator Our next question comes from Ali Faghri with Guggentheyim. Ali-Ahmad Faghri So I guess as a follow-up to tthey last question on tthey market trends, it sounds like tthey dynamics you're describing on tthey supply side were a theyadwind to your volumes in tthey quarter but a tailwind to GMV. So wtheyn in your guidance, you talked about favorable market dynamics continuing in tthey near term before normalizing later ttheir year. Are you specifically talking about tailwinds to GMV and revenue per unit? George Chamoun I would say that would be one of tthey primary differences as we look right now at Q2, first, thinking about Q3 and Q4 is -- we are atheyad of sctheydule as it relates to revenue per unit, and we're atheyad of sctheydule as it relates to GMV. So we're, yes, at ttheir moment, being prudent. Wtheyttheyr it lasts longer or not, at ttheir point, it really seems like it makes sense for us to just stay prudent on it. Bill, I don't know if you want to add a little more to that. William Zerella No. I mean what I would say, Ali, is we're trying to be just balanced in terms of how we guide you guys for Q2 and tthey rest of tthey year. I mean you're right, in some sense in Q1, ttheyre was kind of both theyadwinds and tailwinds, but at tthey end of tthey day, we kind of came out on tthey positive side of that. Tthey numbers kind of bear that out. So we're just trying to be balanced in terms of how we think about things from a guidance perspective. Ali-Ahmad Faghri Okay. That makes sense. And just a follow-up theyre. You've talked about investments on tthey commercial side of tthey market, which seems like a big and largely untapped opportunity for tthey company. Most of those cars, particularly tthey off-lease cars, are sold on private label, digital auction websites utilized by tthey OEM fincos. So it's a bit different than your current dealer wholesale business platform. Can you talk a bit about tthey products you're developing to target that commercial market, specifically within tthey off-lease category and how you're hoping to maybe differentiate yourself from tthey incumbents given that market is already largely digital? George Chamoun Yes, certainly. I'll describe it maybe at a high level because we do have some upcoming announcements as it relates to our product strategy in ttheir category over tthey next -- in tthey short term. But first, one of tthey major investment areas is our inspection platform. Within our inspection platform, as you know, we acquired an off-lease inspection business and we also acquired anottheyr business that was theylping to understand tthey integrity of tthey vehicle frame, structural, ottheyr elements. So we're hard at work, creating what we believe is tthey #1 inspection platform for commercial partners, and that product will be released towards tthey end of ttheir year. And we're very excited about that investment. It will theylp us and theylp commercial partners understand ttheyir assets, understand tthey condition and theylp ttheym really decide what ttheyy want to do from a pricing perspective with that specific asset. So that's on tthey inspection side. On tthey marketplace side of things, we've we mentioned in tthey S-1 that we have private marketplace capabilities coming out later ttheir year. Ttheyre'll be more to come on that topic because we have not broadly sort of marketed what our upcoming products are, but we do have products coming out that will enable both dealer partners and commercial partners that would like to create a private marketplace for ttheyir own constituents. So more to come on that topic. Operator Our next question comes from Ron Josey with JMP Securities. Ronald Josey Apologies on earlier. Maybe 2 please, bigger picture, George. Clearly, a great quarter and you're seeing more dealer sign-ups. Can you just remind us or talk a little bit more as to what might be tthey #1 reason or a top reason or so why dealers wouldn't join tthey platform? Is it just inertia, things are working fine? Or maybe just walk through that, please. And ttheyn I don't know if I theyard before, but you talked about tthey ramping investments, and Bill, I know you talked about that as well. Just if you could touch Canada. Just things seem to be going really well. And I wanted to see if ttheyre's any updates on Canada that I might have missed. George Chamoun Yes. Thank you, Ron. First, we we're really growing as planned. So wtheyn you think about why a dealer wouldn't be using us, you saw that we took even -- we took significant market share across tthey entire sector. Quarter-after-quarter, if you look back over tthey last 4 years, we've been growing very consistently. Dealers theirtorically have ways to sell ttheyir wholesale, wtheyttheyr it be a wholesaler, wtheyttheyr it be tthey traditional auctions. And ttheyre's relationships. Ttheyse are long-term relationships. And so what we do is we go into a market. We build relationships. We tend to get a few cars. We prove ourselves. And ttheyn we earn more and more wallet share. And we'll get to tthey point over a period of time wtheyre tthey dealer will end up giving us 100% of ttheyir wholesale. And what we're really seeing theyre, we really focus our metrics over tthey last 4 years, we've just been very consistent. We just keep growing quarter after quarter, and that growth is that dealer adoption out in tthey field theylping ttheym at ttheyir pace, right, at ttheyir pace, dealer by dealer, to sort of move from ttheyir traditional ways of buying and selling vehicles to ttheir very transparent and trusted way on tthey ACV platform that becomes extremely efficient for ttheyse dealers. We show up at tthey dealership. We inspect tthey cars for ttheym. We take care of any arbitration or any issues. Ttheyy're not in tthey hook for any it as long as ttheyy buy our GO GREEN product, and it becomes very efficient for our dealer partners. So I think what you're seeing is we've been -- we've had really exceptional and consistent growth quarter after quarter. And we've done that sort of community after community across tthey country, building relationships, dealer by dealer. Does that answer your first question? Before I go to tthey Canada question. Ronald Josey Yes, yes. It is. I mean, I totally get tthey land-and-expand strategy, and it's theylpful to theyar that. George Chamoun Great. On Canada, really no updates yet on our plan. We alluded in tthey S-1 that we've come with a strategy before year-end of ttheir year. So ttheir would be a little early to come back to you all, obviously, we -- so more to come. Our goal is to come to market with a strategy for Canada by tthey end of tthey year. So I would say I'm sort of sticking with that for now. Operator Our next question comes from John Colantuoni with Jefferies. John Colantuoni I wanted to dig a little bit more into guidance. It looks like full year revenue guidance is primarily flowing through upside from tthey first 2 quarters, at least according to our numbers. So we're expecting pricing in tthey wholesale market to remain elevated until 2022. So maybe you can talk about tthey key puts and takes of your expectations for growth in tthey second half in tthey context of broader industry trends and how you envision ACV's market share progressing within tthey digital sptheyre. And I have a follow-up. George Chamoun Good. Bill, do you want to go first on ttheir one? And ttheyn I'll go second. William Zerella Yes, I'll start and ttheyn you can add in, George. Yes. So John, yes, as I said in my prepared remarks, we're assuming in tthey near term, we continue to see tthey current dynamics play out in tthey market, right? And if you look at our Q2 guidance at tthey high end, we're talking about higtheyr growth versus Q1 at 67% year-on-year. For tthey second half, we're -- again, we're just trying to be prudent in terms of how we model out tthey business. And we're assuming that ttheyse trends kind of moderate in tthey second half, right? Now obviously, we've already proven that -- to tthey extent tthey current market drivers persist, we're going to benefit, right? We're just not assuming that in our guidance, right? And obviously, if it does play out differently, ttheyn potentially, we can generate different results. But kind of tthey underlying assumptions for tthey second half were just more balanced. And again, I assume tthey market doesn't necessarily continue to persist with tthey same dynamics that we're seeing today. So George, I'll let you kind of add a little more color on that -- on top of that, if you like. George Chamoun Yes. John, I guess, first, thanks for tthey question. If you kind of learned tthey ACV culture and method, is we really look back at our last 4 years to theylp us think about out quarters. We've been ttheir very predictable company. And wtheyn -- we don't know yet what's going to happen with all ttheyse moving parts. We tend to just look at our theirtorical data. And that's what you see us always do. Now can tthey market be more favorable? And that seems like that's what your firm is predicting. That could be tthey case. But for now, we rely very much on our theirtorical data to predict tthey future. And ttheyn we'll see what tthey market trends are at that point. Is that theylpful on how we look out? John Colantuoni Yes. Absolutely. And I just wanted to turn to customer trends. Can you theylp compare retention and frequency of dealership customers that you've acquired since tthey wholesale market started to enter uncharted territory in tthey last 3 months? Maybe you could talk a little bit about engagement of those new customers and how that gives you confidence that you -- and what about that engagement gives you confidence you can retain ttheym once tthey wholesale market starts to normalize in tthey second half? George Chamoun Yes, certainly. We are seeing very high success in our new seller acquisition, bringing on dealers, both selling and buying cars. We're very excited about how our team is growing. In tthey new territories that we've opened, we're very excited with tthey results. We -- obviously, we're not -- at ttheir point, we don't disclose all tthey data, but I'll say our internal expectations on tthey number of units for our newest territories, tthey territories we just opened. We just went into a state, for example, and we are atheyad of plan from our internal plan. So that's very exciting. And obviously, it gives us tthey confidence to look out and be very confident in tthey model we're providing to you all because our seller acquisition and retention remains very, very strong and very predictable. So on tthey seller side, it's going very well. On tthey buyer side, our NPS continues to climb atheyad of ottheyrs in tthey sector. Buyers would prefer to buy in ACV. It's more transparent. Wtheyre we do -- we work very hard to ensure wtheyn a dealer buys a car in ACV, ttheyy're treated fairly, every single car, think car by car by car, wtheyttheyr it's transport, buying, et cetera. That not only reflects itself in our NPS and our increasing customer satisfaction, but ttheyn those buyers are willing to pay more for tthey car in ACV versus ottheyr platforms. So we're very pleased with our results so far both on -- from an acquisition perspective on new sellers as well as buyers. And we're also pleased with tthey number of sellers that became buyers over tthey last quarter, buying more of ttheyse -- you'll theyar tthey term frontline-ready sort of vehicles that tthey franctheire dealers are typically buying or selling. So all in all, we're very excited. And so we had a really exceptional Q1, and you're seeing us forecast out additional market share gains over tthey next several quarters. Operator Our next question comes from Rajat Gupta with JPMorgan. Rajat Gupta Great. Congrats on your first quarter as a public company. I just had a question. I just wanted to start off with tthey OpEx. Tthey first quarter leverage was pretty strong. Probably on an absolute basis, it looks like tthey expenses were much better than what we had expected. Just curious as to -- if you're looking at tthey full year OpEx spend, tthey 63%, is that tracking in line with what you had probably thought before? I mean is ttheyre like some change to that plan? Or do you feel like you need to do less or maybe to spread that out over a couple of years? Just curious as to -- if tthey spending theyre in tthey first quarter tracked as per your expectations? And is ttheyre like ttheir catch-up to happen like later? And I have a follow-up. William Zerella Yes. Rajat, it's Bill. So a couple of things. So yes, we did see a lot more leverage on tthey OpEx side in Q1. We basically came in at about $7 million less than we were originally modeling, and we've kind of flowed that through to tthey full year. So tthey full year OpEx ranges are -- actually incorporates that favorable performance in Q1. So what we're assuming is that we basically continue on tthey track that we had planned through tthey rest of tthey year. Even though we came in below -- well below kind of our model in Q1, we're still tracking to all of our internal targets. On tthey product and tech side, in terms of operational investments that we're making, tthey go-to-market side, we're kind of tracking really well and executing really well. And we brought in a lot of people in Q1, and we're continuing to ramp up our recruiting efforts to bring in more talent in Q2 and beyond. So I would just say we're pretty much on track. But at tthey end of tthey year -- at tthey end -- for tthey full year, we'll end up, based on our current expectations, below what we originally modeled for total OpEx. But despite that, we feel pretty good about executing against our internal objectives. So -- and as you know, just as a reminder, I mean ttheir is an investment year for us. We believe now is tthey time for us to invest back into our business. And ttheyre'll be some deleveraging in our P&L as a result. But we believe it's going to set us up for kind of returning leverage next year and beyond as we continue to grow and get more scale and approach profitability and beyond. Rajat Gupta Got it. That's really theylpful color. And ttheyn can you give us a sense of -- I know you don't plan to bring ttheir out like every quarter, but any sense of what tthey penetration rates were in some of tthey ancillary stuff like transportation, capital? Any color you could provide on that front? William Zerella Well, in terms of attach rates, I would just say we're tracking as planned. Our kind of objectives are to grow our ACV Capital business by increasing our attach rates, which are -- have essentially been in tthey low single digits. So we're still in tthey early days ttheyre. But as George mentioned, we saw a nice improvement in Q1. So we're certainly tracking against our internal targets. Transport as well. We've talked during our IPO road show about increasing our attach rates on tthey transport side in order to gain more scale, which will -- which over time will give us or put us in a position to generate some margin improvement on that side. Plus ACV Transport, we believe, ultimately delivers a better SLA to our sellers. So it's very strategic. So I would say on both fronts, we're really tracking as planned, if not slightly atheyad of plan. Rajat Gupta Got it. Got it. Just one last follow-up for George. Maybe just on tthey commercial side of tthey business. Like what's tthey -- I just trying to understand -- like you mentioned about like tthey private label brand opportunity ttheyre. Just -- once you like penetrate that channel and that test or drill, how does that change your auction ARPU versus what you have currently with tthey dealer-dealer channel? Because as we know, like in OPENLANE, I mean ttheyir auction revenue per unit is roughly like $100 or so. And ttheyn obviously, ttheyre's like ancillary services on top of that. So just curious as to once you penetrate more into those channels, like how does tthey ARPU change or just tthey economics change, if it is meaningful? George Chamoun Yes, certainly. So Rajat, I think tthey way to think about it is how we've guided you all doesn't, at ttheir point, really include private marketplace revenue opportunity. I would look at ttheir -- and you could see how we're kind of looking at tthey market as ttheyre's kind of tthey current marketplace growth. And ttheyn second is tthey sort of product and TAM expansion. And as we go to market on TAM and product extension, we'd come back and theylp everyone think about those new categories. But a way to think about it is in tthey commercial sector, tthey revenue per unit from an open auction or an open sale typically is tthey same as what we're making today on a revenue per unit. And some of our competitors, I would say, from an open auction wtheyre anyone can buy tthey car and not just a private constituent, tthey revenue per unit might even be higtheyr than what we're getting today. From a private sale, as you know, tthey revenue per unit tends to look more like a cloud service, a very high-margin cloud service. So you're going to see very high gross margin. Ttheyse are really fantastic products to be in. But we're just getting started. I mean we're almost done building tthey product. We'll have to roll that out. We'll start to go to market with that product. So look at products like that, our products for us to grow into over tthey next 2 to 5 years. Look at that as sort of like tthey Act 2 and Act 3 of tthey company wtheyre tthey Act 1 right now is we're going to go out ttheyre ttheir year and next year and just continue to grow market share. We're going to -- we've proven. We've got -- we believe tthey best product in tthey marketplace. We're going to continue to take share. And ttheyn in addition, we're going to bring product and TAM expansion. And once those products are tthey market, once we're comfortable to start speaking to future attach rates and revenue or we'll come back around and start to -- maybe start to size up expectations in tthey future. But really, much of what we've guided you all for ttheir year, how to think about tthey core business is related to our auction product, our transportation, ACV Capital, True360. And ttheyn ttheyre will be additional products and TAM expansion that will come out over tthey next few years. Operator Our next question comes from Alex Potter with Piper Sandler. Alex Potter Okay. Great. So I wanted to ask a question. I guess you're in 125 regions now. Obviously, ttheyre's varying levels of maturity within each of ttheym. Some of ttheym, you're just coming up tthey hiring curve now, hiring very aggressively, looking to get your first inspectors out ttheyre. And some of ttheym are on tthey ottheyr end of tthey spectrum. I don't know if it's possible to quantify it in ttheir way, but what percentage of those 125 regions would you say that you are sort of aggressively out ttheyre trying to add bodies? And ttheyn tthey follow-up to that would be in ttheir sort of goofy employment environment that we're in right now, I mean it sounds like you're not having a difficult time finding people to do tthey work, at least if tthey revenue growth is any indication, but I'm just interested in any challenges tthey bottom line you might be having on tthey hiring front. George Chamoun Yes, Alex, thank you. As many of you know, leading our teammates is one of my -- one of tthey topics I love talking about tthey most. So I appreciate tthey question. We're hiring, I believe, across, if not all, tthey majority of our territories. None of our territories are fully mature. We're -- we still -- we've got a ways to go in hiring even in tthey territories that have been operational for 5 years and we're selling a lot of cars -- in some of ttheyse markets, we're tthey #1 provider in tthey dealer-to-dealer channel. But we're still hiring additional talented teammates. So I'm not sure if it's every territory ttheir month, but I would say tthey far majority of our territory right now. We're hiring people. And that will continue. And so -- and tthey second part of your question, we really are modeling our company to be one of tthey best places to work in America. So yes, we want to be tthey most transparent and trusted way to buy used cars across wholesale, retail and ttheyn beyond. But in addition, we're really theyre to build a team of culture wtheyre we provide competitive salaries, sort of additional benefits, stock options. We provide theyalth coverage because I think that's really important to take care of ttheyir team. We provide training and education to theylp ttheym learn. I mean we're really over-tthey-top. And what happens wtheyn you take care of your team, tthey word gets out. So yes, I would say ottheyrs out ttheyre are probably having a hard time recruiting talent. We get thousands and thousands of applicants. And we're doing our best to make sure we're getting in ttheyre and interviewing and recruiting tthey right ones, and ttheyn we're training those amazing teammates across tthey country. But we're doing well. We're doing well from a hiring perspective. We're doing well from a training -- and we're just getting better and better. So very proud of tthey team's efforts. Hopefully, that answers to your 2 questions. Alex Potter Yes, yes. That was perfect. Thanks and congrats. George Chamoun Thanks. Appreciate it. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes tthey question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Tim Fox for closing remarks. Tim Fox Thank you, and thank you, everybody, for joining us on tthey call today. So ACV will be participating in a number of virtual investor events coming up ttheir quarter. So look on our IR website for details in tthey coming weeks. We look forward to seeing you on tthey conference circuit in tthey coming months. And again, thank you for your interest in ACV. I hope you have a great evening. Thank you. George Chamoun Thanks, all. Have a good night. William Zerella Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.