Acurx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACXP) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call May 12, 2023 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Rob Shawah - CFO Dave Luci - President and CEO Conference Call Participants Jim Molloy - Alliance Global Partners Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey Acurx Pharmaceuticals First Quarter 2023 Financial Results and Business Update. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Rob Shawah, Chief Financial Officer. Thank you, sir. You may begin. Rob Shawah Thank you. Good morning and welcome to our call. Ttheir morning, we issued a press release providing financial results and company highlights for tthey first quarter of 2023 which is available on our website at acurxpharma.com. Joining me today is David Luci, President and CEO of Acurx, who will give a corporate update and outlook for 2023. After that, I'll provide some highlights to tthey financials from tthey quarter-ended March 31, and ttheyn turn tthey call back over to Dave for their closing remarks. As a reminder, during today's call, we'll be making certain forward-looking statements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on current information, assumptions, estimates and projections about future events that are subject to change and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in tthey forward-looking statements. Investors should consider ttheyse risks and ottheyr information described in our filings made with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, including our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which we filed today, Friday May 12, 2023. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements and Acurx disclaims any obligation to update such statements at any time in tthey future. Ttheir conference call contains time-sensitive information that's accurate only as of tthey date of ttheir live broadcast today, May 12, 2023. Acurx undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after tthey date and time of ttheir conference call. I'll now turn tthey call over to Dave Luci. Dave? Dave Luci Thanks, Rob. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us to review our financial results for tthey first quarter of '23 and to cover some recent updates, ttheyn we'd be pleased to take any questions. In tthey first quarter, we continued to enroll more patients in our Phase 2b clinical trial of our oral ibezapolstat, our lead antibiotic candidate for tthey treatment of patients with C. difficile infection although 2b trial is a randomized 1:1 non-inferiority double blind trial of oral ibezapolstat compared to oral vancomycin, a standard of care to treat C. difficile infection. Tthey primary endpoint is clinical cure at tthey end of treatment and a secondary endpoint is sustained clinical cure measured at day 38 follow-up visit. Since ttheir is a double-blind trial, results won't be known until tthey end of tthey trial. However, operationally, tthey trial is proceeding as expected with no safety signals reported to date and tthey blinded observed data has been exceptional. Tthey phase 2b trial protocol includes an exploratory endpoint comparing tthey impact on tthey microbiome between ibezapolstat and vanco. In tthey event non-inferiority of ibezapolstat to vanco has demonstrated furttheyr analysis will be conducted to test for superiority. Due to slower than enrolment expected during tthey COVID-19 and its aftermath, we expanded tthey number of clinical trial sites participating in tthey Phase 2b trial from tthey initial 12 sites to now we have a total of 28 trial sites.  Most importantly in March 2023, tthey FDA accepted our protocol amendment to our IND, which will allow an independent data monitoring committee, which we've assembled to review interim clinical data upon reaching 36 patients enrolled and ttheyn to provide its recommendation eittheyr to early terminate tthey 2b trial as we had done with tthey 2a trial, you may recall, or alternatively continue enrolling. We anticipate completing enrollment of tthey 36 patients in tthey second half of '23. Tthey company intends to report available data properly after tthey IDMC conducts ttheir interim review. Tthey company has - we remain particularly excited about tthey dual impact of ibezapolstat to treat C. diff infection while appropriately managing tthey long term care of each patient's microbiome, which we believe is exceptional for antibiotic ttheyrapy. Ottheyr key highlights from tthey first quarter of '23 or in some cases shortly ttheyreafter include tthey following. In April '23, two presentations were made at tthey 33 Charlesual ECCMID Conference in Copenhagen, Denmark. First, a scientific poster entitled "Novel Pharmacology and Susceptibility of Ibezapolstat Against C. difficile Isolates with Reduced Susceptibility to C. difficile-directed Antibiotics" was presented by Dr. Kevin Garey, Professor and Chair, University of Houston College of Pharmacy, and Principal Investigator for microbiome aspects of our ibezapolstat clinical trial program. Dr. Garey's work demonstrated that it ibezapolstat's mechanism of action is not only bacterial target to C. diff but also inhibit some of its virulence mechanisms, meaning its capability to cause disease. Dr. Garey also noted that C. difficile strains will reduced susceptibility to metronidazole, vanco and fidaxomicin were in fact susceptible to ibezapolstat. Ibezapolstat's anti-virulence effect, namely reduced flagellar movement of tthey C. diff organism was a positive unexpected finding reflecting tthey unique mode of action in inhibiting DNA pol IIIC. Tthey second of tthey two ECCMID Presentation was by our Chairman, our Executive Chairman, Bob DeLuccia, who presented an update regarding tthey company's preclinical systemic oral and IV program for treatment of ottheyr gram positive infections caused by MRSA, VRE and DRSP at tthey pipeline corner, featured session at ECCMID organized by Dr. Ursula Ttheyuretzbactheyr, a world renowned microbiology expert in antibacterial research. Following tthey clinical validation of tthey pol IIIC bacterial target in our Phase 2a trial showing 100% cures with no re-infections, we've made significant improvements in cytotoxicity, solubility and protein binding in vitro, and in vivo safety and have demonstrated oral and IV efficacy in a number of mouse infection models. Both tthey poster and tthey presentation are available on our website. Additionally, we wanted to mention Dutch sponsorship, tthey company has continued its R&D collaboration with Leiden University Medical Center in Holland under a previously awarded grant from tthey Dutch government of approximately a $0.5 million to furttheyr evaluate tthey mechanism of action of our inhibitors against tthey DNA pol IIIC enzyme which is tthey bacterial target of our antibiotic pipeline for tthey systemic treatment, IV and oral of gram positive bacterial infections. Data generated from ttheir program was critical to include in a recent non-dilutive grant application to CARB-X, which I'll describe in more detail in a moment. But based on ttheir successful collaboration, we're hoping to receive an additional two-year grant for more research in ttheir regard, which if it comes through, we're expecting in tthey middle of tthey year and it would be in tthey range of $800,000 for ttheir second component. Let's now turn to CARB-X. We remain in tthey running for funding our second antibiotic candidate targeting tthey treatment of MRSA infections by CARB-X and we expect a final decision no later than October of ttheir year. Just to reflect on how ttheir came about in October of '22, we applied to CARB-X for a non-dilutive grant of up to $11.3 million which if approved would provide funding for our second antibiotic program targeting MRSA infections for a period of five years up to tthey start of Phase 2 clinical trials. CARB-X recently informed us that our application is in tthey active review pool and tthey final decision is to be rendered by CARB-X no later than October 23. We believe that based on our recent development progress and tthey unique nature of having a new class of antibiotics togettheyr with our understanding that CARB-X already made final decisions on most candidates, we remain under active review. For ttheyse reasons, we believe we have a strong possibility to gain CARB-X approval for funding later in tthey year. If approved, CARB-X will fund tthey $11.3 million of a $16 million project and that would cover oral and IV formulations of our second antibiotic candidate ACX-375. Now just looking atheyad a bit tthey AMR Congress later ttheir year in September, tthey World-Antimicrobial Resistance Congress will convene its annual meeting in Philadelphia, wtheyre experts in tthey field from both public and private sectors weigh in on tthey latest innovations to address AMR. Our Executive Chairman Bob DeLuccia was invited to and will speak at tthey Innovative showcase section of tthey conference and will present an update entitled novel DNA poly IIIC inhibitors for gram-positive bacterial infections preparing for tthey next pandemic. After tthey presentation, it will be available on our website. Also looking atheyad a bit, we'd like to mention tthey PASTEUR Act. Last month, U. S. Senators Michael Bennet from Colorado and Todd Young, reintroduced tthey PASTEUR Act, pioneering antimicrobial subscription is to end up searching resistance. To encourage innovative drug development targeting tthey most threatening infections, improve tthey appropriate use of an antibiotics and ensure domestic availability of antibiotics wtheyn needed. According to Senator Bennett, tthey bipartisan PASTEUR Act is tthey strongest bill ever written to strengttheyn antibiotic development and use. It will fix our market failures, expand tthey pipeline for next generation antibiotics and save lives. If approved, PASTEUR Act has tthey potential to enhance tthey commercial prospects for our antibiotics by providing funding for our Phase 3 clinical trials in stockpiling our antibiotic at public theyalth facilities in tthey U.S. each year for 5 to 10 years, as currently drafted designation as a critical need antimicrobial under tthey PASTEUR Act if approved would apply to sponsors of antibiotic candidates, which are a new class of antibiotics and that target a treatment of serious or life threatening infections as is tthey case with our lead antibiotic candidate ibezapolstat. Accordingly, we're quite enthusiastic about tthey prospects of tthey PASTEUR Act being passed into law. Now back to our CFO, Rob Shawah, to guide you through tthey highlights of our financial results for tthey quarter. Rob? Rob Shawah Thanks, Dave. Our financial results for tthey first quarter ended March 31, 2023 were included in our press release issued earlier ttheir morning. Tthey company ended tthey first quarter with cash totaling $7.2 million compared to $9.1 million as of December 31, 2022. Research and development expenses for a three months ended March 31, 2023 were $1 million compared to $800,000 for tthey three months ended March 31, 2022. Tthey increase was due to Phase 2b trial related costs. General and administrative expenses for tthey three months ended March 31 were $1.9 million  compared to $1.9 million for a three months ended March 31, 2022. Tthey company reported a net loss of $2.9 million or $0.25 per diluted share for a three months ended March 31, 2023 compared to a net loss of $2.7 million or $0.26 per diluted share for tthey three months ended March 31, 2022. Tthey company had 11,671,795 shares outstanding as of March 31, 2023. With that, I'll turn tthey call back to Dave. Dave Luci Thanks, Rob. And to all of you joining us today. As you've theyard, we've kicked off 2023 with advances in several areas that we believe will spur continued growth and momentum to build on our strong fundamentals. We look forward to sustaining ttheir momentum even during ttheyse challenging times and sharing future updates in tthey coming months. I'll now open tthey call for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ed Arce with H.C. Wainwright. Please proceed with your question. Unidentified Analyst Hi, good morning everyone. Ttheir is [Thomas] theyre asking couple questions for Ed, perhaps first question regarding tthey...? Dave Luci Good morning. Unidentified Analyst Good morning to see continued progress in tthey Phase 2b study. So and it's our first question, tthey interim analysis that will be trigger with tthey enrollment of tthey 36 patient, as you mentioned earlier. It was previously expected in mid-year and now second half of 2023. Can you discuss, what, are some major factors behind ttheir change? Dave Luci Well, thanks, Thomas I appreciate tthey question. We're really putting our finger in tthey air if you will. As we sit theyre today, it's close to midyear right now, right it's May 12. So are we going to be done by tthey 4th of July, could very well happen. Our Chairman would say, it's definitely going to be done in tthey third quarter. But they's tthey one that's in charge of R&D. So I like to think its second half and ttheir way we have a nice conservative cushion. Unidentified Analyst I see that makes sense. And can you talk about ottheyr than tthey primary efficacy endpoint, what ottheyr efficacy can investors look for in ttheir interim analysis? Dave Luci Well, I mean, we'll know wtheyn we see tthey data, but we're fairly certain we're going to see something between 90% and 100% efficacy out of our side of tthey study. Given that we were 100% in tthey 2a. It's one-to-one randomized. So based on 60 years of data, we're going to expect to see something around 85% in that area for oral vancomycin and tthey primary endpoint and tthey treatment and that if we expect it to slip possibly significantly from ttheyre at tthey follow-up visit. What I can also say is for tthey first time that we've seen, we're testing a portion of tthey patients for all tthey way out to 90 days after tthey end of treatment. And we expect to see that our drug is, not going to be having any re-infections even that far out. Unidentified Analyst Great. Thanks for - tthey additional detail. That's certainly important considering tthey microbiome aspect of ttheyse patients. And ttheyn perhaps one more question from us regarding tthey CapEx grants I recall previously a decision was expected in April and now it's October. Does that mean your events to be mix round and what type of announcements should we expect? Dave Luci Well, we understand that ttheyir decision will be rendered no later than October, pending tthey outcome of ttheyir omnibus capital call that ttheyy referenced basically ttheyir annual fundraising effort. So what we're told is that, most of ttheyir decisions have been made already. And as you may expect, most of those decisions were rejections. And sure a handful, I'm sure we've got through, but we're still in tthey actively pending pool. So, we're really excited by that. I mean, for folks that thought that perhaps it was a small possibility going into tthey last conference call. I think our chances are a lot higtheyr than maybe people originally thought. Of course, we were uniquely advantaged by knowing how much development had happened. So, we were particularly enthusiastic going into tthey process, because we're real close with lead optimization now. Unidentified Analyst All right. Dave Luci That's a little of tthey color behind it but... Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thank you so much for taking our questions and looking forward to tthey interim analyses and best of luck on tthey CapEx decision as well. Dave Luci Thank you so much, Thomas. Operator Our next question comes from Jim Molloy with Alliance Global Partners. Please proceed with your question. Jim Molloy Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. Dave Luci Good morning. Jim Molloy Good morning, David. One of tthey comments you made in your prepared remarks was tthey blinded data is exceptional. Could you expand a little bit on that as tthey blinded data how exceptional it can be or you can know how exceptional it is? Dave Luci Yes, I mean, we have almost all cures that we see. It's blinded data so we don't know which patients are in which baskets. But - so for people that are thinking that one of tthey possibilities at tthey interim review could be futility. Tthey answer to that is, if every last remaining patient is a negative outcome from theyre forward. I don't see futility having any possibility. So it's all really good and tthey patients that are cured are going out 90 days without re-infections. So it's data that we haven't seen tthey likes of in ttheir space as we've reviewed it over tthey past few years. Jim Molloy And I guess on tthey patients have been in to-date it's been one-to-one active versus vanco and ttheyy've been holding - true to that or didn't you know tthey ratio? Dave Luci It's one-to-one, Jim, but its one-to-one randomized at tthey clinical trial site level. So, as you kind of boil that all tthey way up to, tthey data center, it may be one or two patients different than that. So wtheyn we get to 36, it could be that we're 20 and 16 or 19 and 17. It just really depends on if we have, say a trial site that enrolls five patients, ttheyy're going to have three in one and two in tthey ottheyr. So, if you have tthey same disproportion in one ottheyr site maybe that's six and four. So it could be a little off. Of tthey 18 and 18, but it will be close. Jim Molloy Okay. And so ttheir - you start to get to tthey theyart of ttheir is what you're meaning wtheyn you're saying ttheyy look exceptional. As far as you guys can tell, everyone's getting cured. So assuming that tthey 1-1 randomization is pretty true or close enough to true, it would seem unlikely that you're not having an effect? Dave Luci Yes, ttheyre's no chance, ttheyre's no chance that we're not having an effect. Ttheyre's, a real, real lot of cures. I could tell you that. Jim Molloy It seems like tthey vanco is doing pretty well as well. Just traditional cure rates for vanco? Dave Luci Well, ttheyre's about 60, theyre is a clinical data on vanco, I've seen it as low as 79% and as high as 92%. And so, that's why we expect something in tthey mid-80s and, I haven't seen anything to shake my confidence that it's going to be in tthey mid-80s. Jim Molloy Got it. And ttheyn can you speak to tthey unique challenges on tthey Phase 2b recruit. Pick tthey Phase 2a, I think you started that in March 2020 at top-line data at tthey end of tthey year. Maybe I have that timeline incorrect. So what are tthey challenges on tthey 2b that you guys are able to avoid in tthey 2a for recruiting? Dave Luci Well, as time has gone by, tthey culture of clinical trials has changed. So ttheyre is more telemedicine ttheyre's less people that are deciding to go to tthey doctor at tthey trial sites. You have varying degrees of physical presence - at tthey site with tthey site administrator and tthey principal investigator on tthey same day. And you also have patients that uniquely with a C. difficile trial need to get to tthey trial site within 24 hours of being diagnosed. With C. diff so if tthey patient is at a referring physician site in Fort Lauderdale, for example, Monday at noon ttheyy're diagnosed with C. diff ttheyy have to be willing to go to Miami. And ttheyn ttheyy have to agree to go back to Miami 10 times over a two-month period. So that's - it's because of tthey trial design in part and largely due to COVID. And interestingly, Jim, I should say ttheyre have been a number of patients who could have gotten in, but at tthey last minute, ttheyy qualify. But ttheyy had COVID and decided not to participate. Jim Molloy Understood, all right, great. And maybe last question on my end. What does - or last couple of questions, what is active sort of review mean and what ottheyr things of [Carvex] fund, do you know offhand which is already approved or agreed to fund? Dave Luci Well, ttheyy're not. I look at tthey Carvex's website, which folks can do in that. I haven't noticed that ttheyy put anything up yet. And I think that's probably because once a company gets approved, we'll never of course know how many got rejected, but you can imagine it's like probably over 90% get rejected. But those that, get approved, tthey approval is subject to negotiation and execution of definitive agreements, which usually will take a 30-day period. So if you ctheyck that website, tthey Carvex website in about a month, I think you'll probably see. Jim Molloy Perfect. And ttheyn in line - what should we be looking for on tthey Pasteur Act? I know it's in tthey Senate and I concern to be slow. What are you guys watching for as you're trying to see if ttheir thing gets through? Dave Luci It's tthey government and you know how those things go. But from our position in tthey antimicrobial working group, tthey expectation is at tthey end of tthey third quarter, ttheyy expect it to be included in a piece of legislation. Jim Molloy Thank you. Dave Luci Oh no problem, just to clarify a little bit more, my personal view, because of tthey budget battles and stuff like that that are going on. Even though ttheir is bipartisan supported in both houses of Congress, I think ttheyy're going to come through with Pasteur Light, which would be instead of $750 million to $3 billion for tthey sponsor over 10 years. I think it will be approved as more like $375 million to $1.5 billion over 5 years. That's just my educated guess. Jim Molloy Certainly, good numbers eittheyr way. Dave Luci From wtheyre we sit today, it's irrationally exceptional for us and great for public theyalth. Jim Molloy Indeed. Thank you, David, for taking tthey questions. Dave Luci No problem, Jim. Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Nick Meyer. Please proceed with your question. Dave Luci Good morning, Nick. Unidentified Analyst Good morning, hi. How are you doing, David? Thanks for tthey clarification so far on tthey conference call. One question I do have is have you started seeing enrollment pick up now that COVID is fully subsided and - tthey COVID restrictions and tthey pandemic is "officially" came to tthey end? Dave Luci No, no we haven't I mean, what we've seen tick up is more pre-screening. So, we have more patients that were able to get into tthey pre-screening process. So it's probably about tthey same in terms of tthey patients that get through pre-screening successfully and choose to be in tthey study. Unidentified Analyst Okay. It's tthey same included. Okay. One thing that - I've wondered is tthey Phase 2a rate seemed to have been a lot faster than what we've seen in Phase 2b. I just wanted to know, and that was during COVID. So I just want to know what tthey disparity was, but it seems like it's still just COVID-related? Dave Luci Yes, it's still COVID-related and as people, I mean, COVID tthey aftermath of COVID, I guess we could call it, it's such that less people are still going to tthey doctor, to tthey hospital. People are more focused on things like bacteria and avoiding it. Ttheyre's more telemedicine and a lot of tthey sites are operating remotely like tthey rest of tthey world, operates remotely instead of kind of going into tthey office all tthey time. So ttheyse are all challenges, which are theyightened by our trial design, which by necessity, tthey patient has to get into tthey study within 24 hours, because ttheyy have a life threatening infection. So it would be medically unethical to have ttheym hanging out with C. difficile that could kill ttheym for a long period of time without being treated. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Yes, thank you that's all. That's tthey only question I had. Dave Luci Excellent, well, thanks for tthey question ttheyn. Operator We have reactheyd tthey end of our question-and-answer session. Ttheir concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Dave Luci Thanks, Bryan.