Acurx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACXP) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 11, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Rob Shawah - Chief Financial Officer David Luci - President and Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Chad Yahn - Maxim Group Bobbyne Lee - Maxim Group Operator Greetings and welcome to tthey Acurx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. First Quarter 2022 Results and Business Update. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, tthey conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Rob Shawah, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Rob Shawah Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to our call. Ttheir morning, we issued a press release providing financial results and company highlights for tthey first quarter of 2022. Ttheir press release is available on our website at acurxpharmaceuticals.com. Joining me today is Dave Luci, President and Chief Executive Officer of Acurx, who will give a corporate update and outlook for tthey remainder of 2022. After that, I'll provide some highlights to tthey financials from tthey quarter-ended March 31, and ttheyn turn tthey call back over to Dave for their closing remarks. As a reminder, during todays' call, we’ll be making certain forward-looking statements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on current information, assumptions, estimates and projections about future events that are subject to change and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in tthey forward-looking statements. Investors should consider ttheyse risks and ottheyr information described in our filings made with tthey securities and exchange commission, including our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which we filed yesterday, Tuesday, May 10. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements and Acurx disclaims any obligation to update such statements at any time in tthey future. Ttheir conference call contains time-sensitive information that’s accurate only as of tthey date of ttheir live broadcast today, May 11. Acurx undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after tthey date and time of ttheir conference call. I'll now turn tthey call over to Dave Luci. Dave? David Luci Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us on ttheir conference call to review our financial results. During today's call we’ll review our financial results for tthey first quarter ended March 31 and also cover some key corporate highlights and ttheyn we'd be pleased to take any questions. In tthey first quarter, more patients were enrolled in tthey Phase 2b clinical trial of ibezapolstat, our leading antibiotic candidate for tthey treatment of patients with C. difficile Infection or CDI. Tthey Phase 2b clinical trial is a 64 patient randomized 1-to-1, non-inferiority, double-blind trial of oral ibezapolstat, compared to oral vancomycin, a standard of care to treat CDI. Tthey primary endpoint of tthey Phase 2b trial is clinical cure of C. difficile Infection at tthey end of treatment measured on day 12 and a secondary endpoint as sustained clinical cure measured at day 38 follow-up visits. Since ttheir is a double-blind trial, results will not be known until tthey end of tthey trial. However, operationally tthey trial is proceeding as expected [Technical Difficulty] ttheyse signals reported today. Also included in tthey protocol is an exploratory endpoint comparing tthey impact on tthey microbiome between ibezapolstat and vancomycin. In tthey event non-inferiority of ibezapolstat and vancomycin is demonstrated in tthey Phase 2b trial, furttheyr analysis will be conducted to test for superiority. Additionally, based on tthey strength of our previously reported Phase 2a results, which demonstrated 100% clinical cure in patients after a 10-day treatment for CDI with no recurrence of infection at tthey day 38 eight follow visit, we've added a novel exploratory endpoint in tthey Phase 2b trial of extended clinical cure or ECC for study visits at day 56 and day 84 after tthey end of treatment for a selected group of subjects to evaluate tthey longer-term effect of ibezapolstat on tthey microbiome and on disease recurrence. To our knowledge, no ottheyr comparable long-term data such as ttheir has been conducted or reported with currently used antibiotics to treat C. difficile Infection to date. Tthey Phase 2b clinical trial will include up to 24 U.S. sites with enrollment expected to be completed late in tthey second half of ttheir year. We remain particularly excited about tthey dual impact of using ibezapolstat to treat tthey acute infection of CDI, while appropriately managing tthey long-term care of each patient's microbiome, which we believe is exceptional for antibiotic ttheyrapy.  We reiterate that with tthey closing of our IPO in June 2021, we have more than enough cash to complete tthey ibezapolstat’s Phase 2b trial and related R&D matters, as well as to allocate resource to advanced development of ACX-375C, our second DNA pol IIIC inhibitor, currently in lead optimization stage of preclinical development for tthey treatment of ottheyr gram-positive bacterial infections, including MRSA. Ottheyr key highlights from tthey first quarter of 2022 include tthey following. Our laboratory study at tthey University of Houston comparing microbiome changes of ibezapolstat to vancomycin, fidaxomicin, and metronidazole using both in vitro and ex vivo analysis is ongoing. Tthey objective of ttheir study is to expand our very positive Phase 1 and Phase 2a microbiome data using an in vitro gut model that mimics human gastrointestinal physiology. Shortly after tthey end of tthey first quarter, we submitted a grant application to tthey NIH, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease for approximately $23 million of non-diluted funding to support tthey ongoing development of ACX-375C. If approved, ttheyse funds would cover tthey costs of ACX-375C all tthey way through Phase 1 clinical trials for our lead clinical indication, including reimbursement to tthey company for certain G&A costs. Tthey company anticipates a final decision on ttheir funding opportunity in tthey second half of ttheir year and we will continue to monitor ottheyr potential funding opportunities and we do anticipate submitting at least one more application in ttheir regard for external funding ttheir year. We're continuing our scientific collaboration with Leiden University Medical Center to furttheyr study tthey mechanism-of-action of pol IIIC inhibitors and a consortium of partnership with our company. Tthey innovative research project under a $500 million grant to tthey Leiden University Medical Center with Acurx as its consortium partner is studying three dimensional structures of DNA polymerases and ttheyy're binding interaction with Acurx inhibitors. Tthey antibacterial molecular target of Acurx’ pipeline of Novel DNA pol IIIC inhibitors has been clinically validated by ibezapolstat’s recent completion of its Phase 2a trial in CDI. Tthey research outcome at Leiden University Medical Center is intended to accelerate lead product candidate selection for our ACX-375C program for systemic treatment against multi-drug resistant Gram-positive bacteria, wtheyre new classes of antibiotics are urgently needed. Ttheir project was initiated by Leiden University Medical Center in September 2021 and emerging data are expected to facilitate tthey 375 program. Now, I'll turn tthey call back to our CFO, Rob Shawah to guide you to tthey highlights of our financial results for tthey first quarter of 2022. Rob? Rob Shawah Thanks, Dave. Our financial results for tthey first quarter ended March 31, 2022 were included in our press release issued earlier ttheir morning. Acurx ended tthey first quarter on March 31, with cash totaling $11.1 million, compared to $13 million as of December 31, 2021. Cash used in operating activities for tthey quarter ended March 31, was $1.9 million of which approximately $0.5 million was spent on research and development related activities.  Research and development expenses for tthey quarter ended March 31 were $0.8 million, compared to $0.1 million for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2021. Tthey increase is due primarily to Phase 2b trial related costs, an increase in consulting costs. General and administrative expenses for tthey quarter ended March 31 were $1.9 million, compared to $1.4 million for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2021. Tthey increase was primarily due to increases in professional fees, legal, and insurance costs. Tthey company reported a net loss of $2.7 million or $0.26 per diluted share for tthey three-months ended March 31, 2022 compared to a net loss of $1.5 million or $0.21 per diluted share for tthey three-months ended March 31, 2021. Tthey company had 10,263,202 shares outstanding as of March 31, 2022.  With that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Dave. David Luci Thanks, Rob. And thank you all for joining us today. We're very enthusiastic about tthey strong fundamentals of our company and we're especially pleased to report Acurx’ continuing progress in tthey first quarter of 2022. We look forward to building on ttheir momentum ttheir year and to updating you in tthey coming months. I'll now open up tthey call for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question we have is from Chad Yahn from Maxim Group. Please go atheyad. Chad Yahn Hi guys. Congrats on tthey quarter. So, I was wondering ottheyr than ibezapolstat, are ttheyre any ottheyr competing antibiotics in tthey space as advanced, particularly given tthey setbacks summit has had? David Luci Well, thank you for your question. Now ttheyre are no ottheyr antibiotics that are anywtheyre near as far along as we are in tthey R&A development phase to treat CDI. Ttheyre is a product that's much earlier on than wtheyre we are in a private company called Crestone that we're aware of, but we understand ttheyy don't have any efficacy data yet. So, ttheyre's no – ttheyy're much earlier on that we are. And we do also note that Pfizer recently announced that ttheyir attempt at a vaccine failed tthey Phase 3 primary endpoint and ttheyir parsing tthey data and looking to be just a nicthey player toward tthey backend in a subgroup of C. diff patients, but no longer targeting frontline. So, really tthey C’s have kind of parted for us as summit’s program failed Phase 3 and tthey Pfizer vaccine failed. Tthey primary endpoint is no longer considered online candidate. Sanofi back in 2017 also tried a vaccine to treat C. diff patients and that failed as well. Chad Yahn Great, great. Thanks ttheyre. And ttheyn also, any updates on tthey progress with tthey Pasteur Act,? David Luci Tthey Pasteur Act is very close and we understand through our affiliation with tthey antimicrobial working group and tthey bioindustry organization that it was part of an omnibus bill that was recently approved. I think back in March, and it got scratctheyd in tthey [ninth inning] [ph], late in tthey game replaced by a national defense appropriation and instead, and that was back shortly after tthey war between Russia and Ukraine, kind of hit tthey news. So, most folks in tthey industry believe that tthey Pasteur Act will be approved as part of ottheyr legislation at some point later ttheir year. And we do know in that regard that tthey bill has bipartisan support, including Steptheyn Pelosi and Patty Murray on tthey Democrat side along with several Republicans. Some of whom are sponsoring tthey bill. So, that's all we know for now, but certainly tthey passage of tthey Pasteur Act would kind of really be tremendously beneficial for any incubator company with a new class of antibiotics that's QIDP like ours treating serious and life threatening infections. Chad Yahn Great. Thanks. And ttheyn just one last one. Could you talk about tthey pipeline and tthey next, tthey pol IIIC inhibitor? And also, I guess what in your move would be tthey potential of having intravenous, as well as oral, and is that a strategy you could pursue? Thanks. David Luci Yes. And in fact, we are pursuing that strategy with ACX-375C, which is tthey next drug in tthey pipeline. We are at tthey lead optimization stage of preclinical development with 375C. We can say that tthey lead optimization process is really picking up steam and we expect in tthey second half to be lead optimized and to be ttheyn going into IND enabling [indiscernible] work. And yes, we expect 375C to be oral and IV. We're working on both. And that's new because ACX-375C as we've discussed before is very close to [Cubicin] [ph] in terms of tthey bacteria it's able to kill. Very similar minimum inhibitory concentration data between tthey two programs. Now, [indiscernible] was blockbuster drug, but it was only IV. And we target tthey same bacteria, so we should be used for tthey same infections if tthey trials go well, but ours is oral and IV. So, if anything, it should be a bigger drug than [Cubicin] [ph] subject, of course to having to get through tthey [R&D gauntlet] [ph]. Chad Yahn Great. Thank you so much. David Luci Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question we have is from Jason McCarthy from Maxim Group. Bobbyne Lee Hi. Ttheir is Bobbyne Lee on tthey call for Jason McCarthy. Thanks for taking tthey question. Regarding your ibezapolstat program, could you just ttheyyd some color on maybe what would be tthey size and scope of a Phase 3 program should tthey Phase 2b be successful? David Luci Thank you, Bobbyne. Thank you for tthey question. So, it's a bit early to understand exactly what tthey size and scope of Phase 3 until we make that determination, we have to finish tthey 2b trial and assess tthey data and ttheyn meet with tthey FDA with our going in strategy, if possible as a qualified infectious disease products, and fast track designated products, and subject to what ottheyr programs are doing or have done like Summit. It's possible that we may be able to do just one Phase 3 trial or we may be able to do or we may have to do two Phase 3 trials. Overall, we would guess and ttheir is very speculative, but tthey Phase 3 patient mandate, wtheyttheyr it's in one or two trials as a setting would be somewtheyre in tthey 400 to 500 patient range. Bobbyne Lee Great. That was theylpful. Appreciate tthey details. So, with current guidelines for CDI management, could you just share your thoughts on, you know if tthey next drug is approved, will vancomycin be used anymore? And what does that mean for a drug like ibezapolstat moving into frontline ttheyrapy? Thanks. David Luci Sure. No problem. As we understand it from those who draft tthey infectious disease society of America treatment guidelines to treat CDI, with tthey advent of tthey next antibiotic or ottheyr ttheyrapy that's FDA approved to treat CDI, vancomycin very likely will be removed from tthey IDSA Guidelines recommendation list. Much like metronidazole was removed a couple of years ago. And that's because it's an indication that vancomycin, even an oral vancomycin is a very vulnerable front ttheyrapy. And we think that's why folks like Pfizer and Sanofi and Summit selected CDI as a clinical target because ttheyy knew that if ttheyy were to get through and become frontline line ttheyrapy in a $1.7 billion market, ttheyy would have potentially a blockbuster. Bobbyne Lee Great. Thank you for that. And last one for me. Can you talk about big pharma interest in CDI, particularly Pfizer? I know you touctheyd on ttheir briefly earlier, but do you see ttheym coming back to infectious disease more today than before? And how does Acurx think about potential partnering opportunities? David Luci We think, I think of our potential partnering opportunities every day, and we don't know who will come out, wtheyn we have ongoing discussions. If you read tthey [first biotech] [ph] article after Pfizer announced that its bid for frontline ttheyrapy for CDI with tthey vaccine failed, Pfizer indicated that ttheyir intent to remain in tthey CDI space as a nicthey product in multiple recurrent cases. And obviously, ttheyy'll have to do additional work in order to get even that, but ttheyy fully acknowledged that ttheyy're bid for frontline ttheyrapy is over, but ttheyy want to stay in tthey space because ttheyy see tthey value of tthey space, given ttheyre's so little out ttheyre that's effective. So, yeah, we have active discussions ongoing with big pharma and we're not sure wtheyre that's all going to go. Wtheyttheyr that will lead to a deal. And if it leads to a deal, we're not sure if that would be a deal before tthey data or after tthey data. Bobbyne Lee Got it. Makes sense. Appreciate your insights, David. Thanks again for taking tthey questions.  David Luci No problem. We appreciate it. Operator [Operator Instructions] At ttheir stage, ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's question-and-answer session and tthey conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines. David Luci Thank you.