Adaptimmune Ttheyrapeutics plc (NASDAQ:ADAP) Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call August 6, 2020 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Juli Miller - Senior Director, IR Adrian Rawcliffe - CEO Elliot Norry - Senior VP and Chief Medical Officer Alan Tayton-Martin - Co-Founder and Chief Business Officer John Lunger - Chief Patient Supply Officer Conference Call Participants Marc Frahm - Cowen and Company Tony Butler - ROTH Capital Mohit Bansal - Citigroup Kelsey Goodwin - Guggentheyim Securities Nick Abbott - Wells Fargo Securities Jonathan Chang - SVB Leerink Gabriel Fung - Mizuho Securities Operator Hello, and welcome to Adaptimmune Q2 Financial and Business Update. With me on today's call is Juli Miller. Juli, you may begin. Juli Miller Good morning and welcome to Adaptimmune's conference call to discuss our second quarter 2020 financial results. I would ask you to please review tthey full text of our forward-looking statements from ttheir morning's press release. We anticipate making projections during ttheir call and actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including those outlined in our latest filings with tthey SEC. Adrian Rawcliffe, our Chief Executive Officer, is with me for tthey prepared portion of ttheir call, and ottheyr members of our management team will be available for Q&A. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Adrian Rawcliffe. Ad? Adrian Rawcliffe Thank you, Juli and thank you everyone, for joining us. After a strong start to tthey year, tthey second quarter of 2020 has continued to be very productive, as we make progress to bring tthey promise of SPEAR T-cell ttheyrapy to people with cancer. At ASCO, we reported new responses in gastroesophageal, lung and theyad and neck cancers. We've now seen responses in a total of six different solid tumor types, including a complete response in a patient with liver cancer. We initiated a Phase II trial, combining ADP-A2M4 with pembrolizumab in theyad and neck cancer and announced that we would shortly initiate a new Phase II trial in gastroesophageal cancers. We demonstrated continued efficacy and promising durability with ADP-A2M4 in patients with synovial sarcoma and announced that we have screened more than half tthey patients likely to be required to complete our SPEARHEAD-1 pivotal trial, working with 20 centers in Canada, France, Spain, tthey U.S. and now also in tthey U.K., and we remain on track for tthey U.S. launch of ADP-A2M4 in 2022. In addition, furttheyr validating tthey potential of ttheir product to meet tthey significant unmet medical need for patients with synovial sarcoma, tthey European Medicines Agency recently granted us access to PRIME regulatory support. Finally, we raised approximately $244 million and finittheyyd tthey quarter with a total liquidity of $419 million, funding us into 2022 and so enabling us to focus on developing tthey signals we've seen in our trials and bringing ADP-A2M4 to market for patients with sarcoma. For tthey remainder of 2020, we plan to provide clinical updates at major medical conferences, including an oral presentation by Dr. Bruno Sangro from Navarra University Clinic in Spain, who will present data from tthey third dose cohort of our ADP-A2AFP trial at tthey International Liver Congress later ttheir month. We also plan to present updates from our SURPASS trial and additional durability and translational data from patients with synovial sarcoma, our Phase I ADP-A2M4 trial in Q4. We will update data from tthey radiation sub-study of ttheir trial in 2021 as we have not yet recruited sufficient patients to be meaningful, partially due to tthey impact of COVID-19, tthey next topic I want to cover. Like most pharma and biotech companies -- and as discussed last quarter -- we have experienced recruitment delays in our clinical trials, but we and tthey centers we work with have done everything possible to carry on and be ready to hit tthey ground running as tthey situation allows. We already have active sites across our trials in Europe, tthey U.K., tthey U.S. and Canada. And in each of those locations, tthey impact of COVID-19 is still evolving. And so, we've seen variations between regions and between clinical sites as ttheyy react to tthey challenges of a pandemic. We believe that we have seen more of an impact in our early phase trials, for instance with tthey radiation sub-study conducted at MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston as Texas is a region particularly affected. However, enrollment in our SPEARHEAD-1 pivotal trial has continued to progress well, in part due to tthey clear opportunity for benefit for patients based on tthey results seen in synovial sarcoma to date. Our SPEAR T-cell manufacturing facility at tthey Navy Yard has been very busy throughout ttheir period. We have been able to treat some patients and we believe that ottheyrs for whom we've manufactured cells will be able to continue on our trials wtheyn it's safe to do so. But clearly, ttheir has had an impact on patients in our trials. And whilst that impact was clearest across tthey board in April and May, it continues to impact on a site-by-site or country-by-country basis as tthey pandemic evolves, particularly in tthey United States. Later ttheir year, we plan to share patient data updates from our SURPASS trial and ADP-A2AFP trial for whom we reported top line data earlier ttheir year, as well as for any new patients whom we have treated in tthey intervening period. Looking beyond 2020, we will continue to progress indications with promise into later phase trials, starting with a new Phase II trial in gastroesophageal cancer and test combination ttheyrapies and next-generation enhancements as tthey data guides us. We will also continue to pursue partnership opportunities, such as tthey deal we completed earlier ttheir year with Astellas and we will continue to develop our off-tthey-ttheyylf allogeneic program as part of our future vision for cell ttheyrapies for people with cancer. We're also preparing for tthey future by increasing our manufacturing capacity to meet tthey needs of tthey ongoing and planned clinical trials. In addition, our commercial preparation is ramping up, including development of our manufacturing capabilities towards commercial scale. While external partners are important, we remain convinced that for Adaptimmune to be a leader in cell ttheyrapy. We need to own tthey manufacturing process, which enables us to innovate and be more efficient. Ttheir includes vector production, wtheyre we intend to start using our GMP vector manufactured in our dedicated facility in our SURPASS trial later ttheir year. Throughout ttheir period, I have continued to be humbled by tthey dedication of my colleagues who have worked tirelessly in tthey midst of a global pandemic, with its associated personal challenges to maintain tthey ability of patients to receive our ttheyrapies and to carry on crucial research on our pipeline. I'm pleased that we are recently named one of tthey best places to work in Philadelphia by tthey Philadelphia Business Journal. Our shared mission, transforming tthey lives of people with cancer by designing and delivering cell ttheyrapies, makes Adaptimmune a place wtheyre passionate people who want to cure cancer like to work. However, tthey ongoing discussion about racial inequity, particularly as it relates to black lives, should make everyone challenge ttheymselves about wtheyttheyr we are equally welcoming and nurturing to all. As CEO, I'm committed to do everything we can in ttheir course. And I know my colleagues share ttheir commitment to ensure that Adaptimmune is a great place to be, a place wtheyre all colleagues feel supported and can see a bright future. And now, I'll open tthey call up to questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Marc Frahm with Cowen and Company. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Marc Frahm Thanks for taking my question. Adrian, in your prepared remarks, you mentioned presenting top line data in new patients, I believe, for both tthey SURPASS and AFP programs. Is that AFP presentation going to happen alongside tthey EASL presentation of new patients? Or is that going to be later in tthey year that we'll see additional AFP patients? Adrian Rawcliffe So, I'm going to ask Elliot Norry to outline what's coming at tthey ILC at tthey end of August and furttheyr on in tthey year with AFP. Elliot? Elliot Norry Thanks, Ad. So, just to be clear about expectations for what will be presented in EASL. First of all, we will not be presenting tthey non-HCC, non-theypatocellular cancer cohort, at EASL. And what you can mostly expect is an update on safety for tthey entire trial, as well as presentation of tthey patients in group three, which will include at least an update on tthey patients that we gave top line results for -- in end of May around ASCO. And beyond that, ttheyre hasn't been much time. And I would not expect considerably more clinical information beyond those patients. And we don't have any specific plans to update AFP furttheyr beyond tthey EASL Conference for tthey rest of tthey year. Marc Frahm Okay. Great. And ttheyn maybe, Elliot, if you can also just kind of speak generally, Adrian kind of highlighted tthey puttheyys and pulls on enrollment and patient access to your trials from -- both tthey added enthusiasm of seeing responses, but ttheyn obviously, tthey impact of COVID. Can you kind of just speak to wtheyre you are today now that maybe in some areas COVID impact has lessened, or just people have adapted to it? Today, are you more or less active screening than, say, you were a year ago? How much more? Elliot Norry So, compared to a year ago, that's a -- I'm not -- I'd have to go back and look at our screening data to really answer that from a year ago. I can tell you what's really been tthey trajectory since March, April, wtheyn ttheir really started, if that's theylpful. We really saw a marked cutback in screening across programs in March and April. And I think that centers were largely concerned that ttheyy just didn't have tthey capacity to manage tthey patients, concern about ICU beds and just minimizing traffic in ttheyir centers and exposure to staff and whatnot. So, I do think that things have improved since ttheyn. And it really does depend region-by-region. Some regions have recently gotten worse again, so I don't think that tthey story is over until we really have a handle on wtheyre tthey virus is theyading, and regions could change day-to-day really. I will say that we are seeing screening across our programs. I think, it would have been better if not for COVID-19, perhaps with tthey exception of SPEARHEAD-1 wtheyre tthey screening really has met our projections by and large. And we have worked with centers tthey best of our ability to both sort of respect ttheyir needs to protect ttheyir employees and manage ttheyir patient flow and also to treat patients wtheyn we can -- and advance patients in our trials from screening to manufacturing to treatment wtheyn safe and possible. It's hard to be more specific than that without walking around tthey globe, and what was true a month ago will be different a month from now. Marc Frahm Okay. Great. Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Marc. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Tony Butler with ROTH Capital. Your line is open. Please go atheyad.  Tony Butler Good morning. Two questions, if I may. One is on tthey trial in theyad and neck cancer wtheyre you're sequencing pembrolizumab. And I'd like to understand how you think about dosing pembro relative to a cell ttheyrapy. It would be before you actually add tthey cell ttheyrapy or after?  Importantly, given that pembro does have an indication in theyad and neck cancer, is it possible that tthey patient population -- ttheir is tthey second question -- for which you actually end up screening will be those that may be, in fact, refractory to pembro wtheyn you see ttheym, which will be a very interesting experiment in and of itself. I'm trying to understand what would be tthey patients that you see wtheyn you're able to screen ttheym. And ttheyn, again, how do you think about sequencing pembro relative to cell ttheyrapy? Thank you very much. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Tony. I think I'll ask Elliot to walk through tthey approach of that trial, because I think -- tthey protocol for that trial because I think that will answer several of those questions. And ttheyn maybe we'll loop back if ttheyre's something else as well that can be -- we can theylp with. Elliot? Elliot Norry Yeah. Hi. Thanks again. So that trial, as you may know, we have a Trial in Progress poster to be presented at ESMO and that will -- ttheyre won't be data presented, it will just be trial design, and ttheyre will be details provided in greater length at that time. In general, though, to answer your question about tthey sequence, we're generally screening patients who are pembrolizumab naive or have recently started on pembrolizumab, with tthey idea that wtheyn patient -- wtheyn patients eittheyr don't respond or progress on pembrolizumab that ttheyir cells would be ready for treatment at that time in combination with pembrolizumab. So -- and patients who respond to pembrolizumab initially would stay on pembrolizumab, as it is indicated for first line of treatment. So, we really see ttheir as a first line -- as a sequence following first line pembrolizumab to continue pembrolizumab and receive cells as soon as possible after documenting that patients have not had clinical benefit from pembro alone. Tony Butler That's perfect. Thanks. But -- so basically, we get cells in virtually all cases after ttheyy've had pembro and -- but ttheyy will continue on pembro as ttheyy get cells. That's fair to say? Elliot Norry Yes. Tony Butler Thanks, Elliot. Thanks, Adrian. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Tony. Tony Butler Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Mohit Bansal with Citigroup. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Mohit Bansal Great. Thanks for taking my question and very good morning. So, from tthey -- so just wanted to follow-up on Tony's question. Can you please theylp us understand at what -- what is tthey time difference between wtheyn tthey patient is eittheyr progressing and non-responding to -- not responding to pembro versus initiation of cell ttheyrapy? I'm asking in tthey context of understanding wtheyttheyr you are administering cell ttheyrapy, why patients are progressing versus ttheyy have progressed? I mean, as in like -- is ttheyre a time point wtheyre it is just too late to administer cell ttheyrapy after that? Adrian Rawcliffe Elliot? Elliot Norry I'm going to defer sort of greater detail explanation of tthey study until tthey ESMO poster. But to generally answer your question, if a patient has progressed beyond tthey point of having potential benefit from continued ttheyrapy, ttheyn it would be tthey discretion of an investigator to not proceed.  But patients who have had pembrolizumab and do not respond have significant unmet medical need and it's really that position wtheyre we're trying to sequence as rapidly as possible so as to not have that patient wait for cell ttheyrapy at that point and be ready to go in combination with continued pembrolizumab. Mohit Bansal Got it. And ttheyn, anottheyr question on liver cancer. So far, we have seen one complete response, and I think two ottheyr patients did not respond, if I understand it correctly. Did you see any ottheyr biomarkers in ttheyse two patients which would be worth noting? And ttheyn tthey follow-up is, do you have some internal bar that ttheyse many responses, if you see, you would actually move atheyad with tthey Phase II kind of trial just like you have done with tthey SPEARHEAD-1 trials? Elliot Norry Yeah. So, with respect to additional biomarkers and furttheyr details on those patients, I'm going to defer to tthey presentation that's only a couple of weeks away at tthey International Liver Congress. Ttheyre is -- ttheyre are embargoes and whatnot, and we should really just allow Dr. Sangro to make their presentation. With respect to tthey bar for proceeding to a Phase II study, I think it's more complex than any just single parameter, but we would look for some combination of response rate and duration of response. Mohit Bansal Got it. Adrian Rawcliffe Previously, Mohit, we've sort of used tthey rule of thumb of tthey most -- wtheyttheyr we're seeing a signal of three out of 10 patients being a good starting benchmark. Now obviously, tthey two out of two responses that we saw at tthey lowest dose in SURPASS were sufficient to persuade us that ttheyre is a tractable late-stage development program ttheyre in gastroesophageal cancers. But more generally speaking, a signal in cell ttheyrapy, we think three out of 10 seems reasonable and theynce, tthey ongoing recruitment of patients to cohort in tthey AFP study to understand and furttheyr characterize tthey response rate and nature of tthey responses. Mohit Bansal Great. Ttheir is very theylpful. Thank you, Adrian. Thank you, Elliot. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Michael Schmidt with Guggentheyim Securities. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Kelsey Goodwin Hey, ttheir is Kelsey on for Michael. Thanks for taking our question. I guess, now that we're seeing responses to TCR ttheyrapy across numerous solid tumors. I guess, are you noticing any patterns in who or what types of tumors are more likely to respond? And ttheyn specifically for tthey AFP cohort and tthey non-HCC tumors, I guess what kind of tumors are you seeing in that cohort or which tumors do you expect to see? Thank you. Elliot Norry So, I think that -- I'll separate it into two answers. First of all, with respect to tthey MAGE-A4 SURPASS program. I think that tthey tumors that we might expect to see responses in going forward are tthey ones wtheyre we've seen a degree of anti-tumor activity to date and we previously stated that we'll be focusing tthey SURPASS study going forward on those tumor types. So that's specifically, theyad and neck, bladder and lung and gastroesophageal. That's not to say that we've exhausted tthey ability to look in any ottheyr tumors and we may continue to explore that, but that study will focus on those four tumors from tthey standpoint of how we approach study centers and investigators. I think some of that has to do with tthey frequency of expression of MAGE-A4 in different tumor types and in those tumors, tthey degree of expression, but it's also guided by our clinical experience to date. And ttheyn with respect to tthey non-HCC cohort in tthey AFP study, it's really a variety of tumors that we may see. Ttheyy are rare tumors. If you look at tthey frequency of AFP expression in ottheyr tumor types, ttheyre are some rare gastric cancers that express AFP, cholangiocarcinoma, germ cell tumors, a rare theypatoblastoma. So, I think that ttheyre are some rare tumor types that we would never really find tthey numbers to study in individual cohorts on ttheyir own. And we had received requests from investigators to try and include ttheyse patients with limited treatment options in tthey study. So, we opened a cohort that essentially is a basket of ttheym that are non-HCC tumors. Kelsey Goodwin Got it. Thank you so much. Elliot Norry Sure. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Jim Birctheynough with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Nick Abbott Hi. Good morning. It's Nick on for Jim ttheir morning. First question is on tthey SURPASS trial. I believe in May, you announced that dose levels two and three would be launctheyd, and that ttheye patients will be treated at 5 million cells prior to opening an expansion cohort. So, can you provide an update on those three patients and tthey timing of opening that expansion cohort? And what expectations investors should have for tthey data presentation? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Thank you. Elliot Norry So, we're not providing updates on tthey SURPASS patients at ttheir time. We do plan to provide an update later in tthey year about specific patients, cohorts, et cetera. Nick Abbott Okay. Thank you. And ttheyn, obviously, that product is designed such that CD4 T-cells become competent for tthey T-cell receptor. So, have you had tthey opportunity from patient samples to look at tthey CD4 T-cells and ensure that ttheyy remain competent after you've given ttheym to tthey patient? Elliot Norry So, it's -- I hate to be disappointing. But it's sort of tthey same answer, that we're going to provide information about that at an update later in tthey year. Nick Abbott Okay. I'll try one more, which I suspect is tthey same answer as well. And that is very -- earlier in tthey year you had an announcement with Astellas, wtheyre ttheyre was a formal collaboration on induced pluripotent T-cell programs, and I believe you said that a candidate has been selected. Can you provide any updates on tthey program? Alan Tayton-Martin Yeah. Hi. Ttheir is Alan Tayton-Martin. Happy to take that. I think, we also mentioned in our update at tthey end of May that tthey first program is moving forward successfully to date. And we jointly with Astellas have nominated our first target, which will be a -- an HLA-independent TCR, HiT, program. So a TCR that can see a cell surface protein, a bit like an antibody. But we're not disclosing tthey target of that joint program, but it is continuing to move forward on time and on track at ttheir point. So, we're really pleased with how tthey collaboration is moving forward. Nick Abbott Thanks, Alan. And what is roughly tthey timeline of moving that into tthey clinic? Alan Tayton-Martin So that's something that we are not disclosing at ttheir point in time. And -- but I would also say that tthey first program into tthey clinic will be our MAGE-A4 program using tthey same technology, but that happens to be furttheyr advanced. So, ttheyse things are tracking forward. To some extent, it depends on regulatory feedback on some of tthey CMC processes, et cetera, but we're not disclosing exactly wtheyn -- it's not imminent. Nick Abbott Okay. Thanks, all. Thanks for tthey updates. Alan Tayton-Martin Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Jonathan Chang with SVB Leerink. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Jonathan Chang Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on tthey progress. First question, have tthey unconfirmed responses with tthey second-gen MAGE-A4 program reported at tthey time of ASCO been confirmed at ttheir point? Adrian Rawcliffe So, we haven't issued any new information on that. And we will do tthey clinics later on ttheir year. Jonathan Chang Got it. And second question, I guess, related to that. For both tthey MAGE-A4 first-gen and second-gen programs, beyond sarcoma, how should we be thinking about durability of responses? What are tthey reasons for confidence in tthey durability of responses? And how are you thinking about benchmarks for durability? Adrian Rawcliffe A good question. I think tthey reasons for confidence are a little difficult, because to me, confidence requires data and data time and patients, and we're in tthey process of gattheyring those. So, we all understand a lot more about tthey longevity of tthey responses and tthey nature and rate of ttheym as we go through ttheyse stats, which are -- I want to be clear, tthey SURPASS study, for example, is in dose escalation. Tthey fact that we saw responses at tthey first doses is fantastic. But it's an early-stage study and we need to get more patients on tthey study. So, I think we'll understand that. And in terms of -- as we recruit those patients. In terms of tthey question of what I think benchmarks are, I think that largely depends on tthey indication and tthey setting that we're going after. I think, we'll have a bit more data, a bit more information to share wtheyn we talk about tthey nature of tthey gastroesophageal trial that we're setting up later on ttheir year. And as we go into next year wtheyre -- I think we've got an understanding of wtheyre tthey benchmarks are in tthey second and third line settings. But elsewtheyre, it's going to depend on what those settings are and what else is out ttheyre at tthey time that we see that signal. Jonathan Chang Got it. And just last question, zooming -- with tthey promising early data from tthey next-gen MAGE-A4 program, how are you thinking about potential pipeline prioritization with regards to tthey first generation program? Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe That's a really good question. I mean, I think tthey -- strategically for us, tthey commitment that we've made is that wtheyre we will see a signal such as we have done, a very robust signal in sarcoma. And ttheyre's a clear unmet medical need, and that signal is definitely ttheyre with tthey first generation program. We are moving forward with that first generation program as fast as we can to market. And I think ttheyre's a -- it's important to do that, because tthey evolution of ttheyse products, one, can be quite rapid, because we're getting real-time translational data that we can feed back into research and back into tthey manufacturing. And so, ttheyre will always be tthey potential for something better coming down tthey pipe. And I don't think as a benefit -- I don't think that benefits anybody to constantly be waiting for tthey perfect cell ttheyrapy product. Rattheyr, our objective is wtheyre we see benefit -- significant benefit to patients to move those things quickly as possible. Having said that, tthey ADP-A2M4 trial has -- pilot trial has now finittheyyd enrolling with tthey exception of tthey radiation sub-study. And so, our focus for MAGE-A4, for example, is very much on tthey SURPASS study, tthey second generation program on tthey combination of tthey gen one with tthey theyad -- in theyad and neck cancer with pembrolizumab and on tthey radiation sub-study, so augmented approactheys beyond tthey gen one outside of sarcoma, wtheyre obviously we have tthey product in -- that's progressing towards registration. So that's sort of how we think about it conceptually But we are also -- I want to raise tthey point theyre for -- general -- generally that I think cell ttheyrapy companies have got to get comfortable with tthey fact that if we are successful, ttheyn our emerging research will cannibalize our existing products in -- as ttheyy are on tthey market. And that's just a feature of ttheir space -- of tthey early stage of tthey space. And our integrated capabilities enable us to understand that and to prioritize and execute quickly across our pipeline. Jonathan Chang Got it. Thank you. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Jonathan. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question has come from tthey line of Gabriel Fung with Mizuho Securities. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Gabriel Fung Hi, everyone. Ttheir is Gabriel on behalf of Mara Goldstein. Just have a question theyre on tthey data …  Adrian Rawcliffe Hi, Gabriel. Gabriel Fung Hi. For SURPASS. Could we expect that to be at ESMO? Are you guiding on which target provinces? And also on tthey manufacturing, are ttheyre any expected differences in yield and cost using tthey Navy Yard facility to manufacture sales for SPEARHEAD? Thanks for taking tthey question. Adrian Rawcliffe Sure. So, I'll take tthey first one on SURPASS. And if you look very carefully in tthey theyadlines of our press release, you'll see that we're guiding to Q4 for that and ESMO in September. So, tthey answer to that is no, it's not going to be at ESMO. And ttheyn secondly, tthey -- I'll hand over to John to talk about tthey Navy Yard manufacturing and costs of that. John Lunger Yeah. So, in terms of -- ttheir is John. In terms of tthey manufacturing cost, one of tthey things that we mentioned earlier is that we have our own in-house vector, which we plan to use later on in tthey year. So, certainly, in-sourcing vector will have a positive impact on COGS. One ottheyr thing we're also continuing to do is just optimize how we actually run tthey Navy Yard facility. So, we're investing a fair bit of time and resources in electronic systems, for example, which allow us to optimize tthey process and reduce tthey overtheyad that goes into each one of those.  So, I'd say that it's a continuous process of improving our cost and we're making some fairly big step changes in terms of efficiency and optimization as we go along. Gabriel Fung Great. Thanks. And ttheyn, actually just one really quick follow-up theyre. I was just wondering, has tthey company ever -- or actually, how does tthey company think about exploring your assets -- your candidates in tthey outpatient setting wtheyttheyr or not ttheir could be a potential use in tthey future? Thanks.  Adrian Rawcliffe Alan, do you want to talk to that? Alan Tayton-Martin Yes. Ttheir is Alan. That's a great question. I think tthey answer is yes. We are exploring that. We're thinking about that, but it's too soon to say exactly what that will look like as we roll forward. Clearly, tthey ability to treat in a community setting, depends quite a bit on safety as much as anything. So, I think -- and we're quite pleased with how that has been tracking with our ttheyrapy. So, yes, we are exploring it. But at ttheir point, don't have our definitive answer as to how that will look. Gabriel Fung Thank you everybody. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks. Operator Thank you. And we do have anottheyr question from tthey line of Tony Butler with ROTH Capital. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Tony Butler Yes. Thanks very much for letting me ask anottheyr. I'll be brief. Elliot, you made an enlightening comment about research cannibalizing existing products, and ttheyn with respect to Alan's last comment on tthey community setting in effect as you think about outpatient. Tthey question really -- outpatient ttheyrapy. Tthey question really is around multiple dosing options. Right now, clearly, most cell ttheyrapy companies have a single dose. Redosing is just -- it's interesting, and ttheyre's a lot of exploration. But I'm just curious in tthey grand sctheyme of things wtheyn we want to fast forward, do you all share or does Adaptimmune share tthey view that really, truly cures are going to come wtheyn you have multi-dose optionality such that a single dose is most unlikely to generate cures, at least as we think across a variety of solid tumors? Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe Yeah. So, maybe I'll take it. I think tthey short answer is we don't know, Tony, what tthey dynamic is between dosing and/or single versus multi-antigen approactheys in order to get to curative ttheyrapies or any ottheyr facet that we and ottheyrs are looking at in order to get to broadly curative ttheyrapies. We do -- we have experience of redosing patients in our trials. And we have -- I would suggest that is somewhat mixed. Ttheyre are definitely some patients who have responded to tthey second infusion of cells and ttheyre are some patients wtheyre ttheyre isn't a response. And bearing in mind, we're only redosing in patients wtheyre ttheyre is continued expression of tthey target antigen. So, I think tthey jury is out on wtheyttheyr second multiple dosing will be required. I think in tthey context of tthey current paradigm of lymphodepletion, that obviously puts an extra hurdle on second or third dosing. So, to tthey extent that ttheyre's evolution around tthey lymphodepletion regimen, that would be interesting to theylp get to a place wtheyre more routine dosing is possible. And ttheyn lastly, it's obvious that different product formats and in particular, we think about our Allogeneic platform, make multiple dosing potentially easier, as well as potentially being able to address some of tthey ottheyr drivers that might lead to more prolonged durable responses and potentially even a curative ttheyrapy in due course as well. So -- and we will continue to explore all of those elements, as we think about how best to treat tthey patients with our cell ttheyrapies. Tony Butler Thank you, Adrian. Operator Thank you. And I'm showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. And I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Adrian Rawcliffe for any furttheyr remarks. Adrian Rawcliffe Thank you very much. Thanks everybody for your time and your questions today. We've made great progress in tthey first half of 2020. We've puttheyyd forward with tthey products in sarcoma aggressively, and we are generating responses across a broad range of solid tumors. And I look forward to updating you all as we continue to make progress to bring our SPEAR T-cells to people with cancer. And with that, we'll close tthey call. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.