Adaptimmune Ttheyrapeutics plc (NASDAQ:ADAP) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call August 9, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Juli Miller - IR Adrian Rawcliffe - CEO James Tayton-Martin - Co-Founder and Chief Business Officer Elliot Norry - Senior VP and Chief Medical Officer John Lunger - Chief Patient Supply Officer Conference Call Participants Tony Butler - ROTH Capital Marc Frahm - Cowen and Company Kelsey Goodwin - Guggentheyim Jonathan Chang - SVB Leerink Mara Goldstein - Mizuho Operator Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Adaptimmune Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I will now like to turn tthey conference over to Juli Miller, Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Juli Miller Hello, and welcome to Adaptimmune's conference call to discuss our second quarter 2021 financial results and business update. Please review our forward-looking statements from ttheir afternoon's press release, as we anticipate making projections during ttheir call and actual results could differ materially due to several factors, including those outlined in our latest filings with tthey SEC. Adrian Rawcliffe, our Chief Executive Officer is with me for tthey prepared portion of tthey call, ottheyr members of our management team will be available for Q&A. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Adrian Rawcliffe. Ad? Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Juli, and thanks everyone for joining us. So last year, we set out our 2-2-5-2 strategy for tthey next five years. And at tthey beginning of ttheir year, we identified tthey milestones in 2021 to start to deliver that strategy. From a clinical perspective, ttheyse milestones were: one, to present initial data from our pivotal SPEARHEAD-1 trial with an afami-cel ASCO, with a full data set to follow at CTOS. Two, present data from our AFP trial at ILCA; and three, present data from our SURPASS trial with our next-gen program targeting MAGE-A4 at ESMO. I'm pleased to say that, in Q2, we delivered on tthey first of ttheyse with excellent afami-cel data at ASCO, and we are positioned to deliver on tthey next two in Q3 at ILCA and ESMO as anticipated. I want to say a little bit about each of ttheyse milestones in turn. As you can see from tthey press release, we had a busy Q2. In June, we presented initial data from our pivotal SPEARHEAD-1 trial at ASCO. With tthey disease control rate of approximately 85%, an overall response rate of approximately 40%, and very encouraging initial durability, ttheyse data demonstrates that afami-cel has life-changing potential for people with synovial sarcoma and MRCLS. We plan to update data from ttheir trial at CTOS later ttheir year. And we're working hard to file our BLA next year and achieve tthey first element of our 2-2-5-2 strategy to have a product on tthey market targeting MAGE-A4. We are preparing for a successful commercial launch working with key industry leaders: Agilent for companion diagnostic; Miltenyi for our lentiviral vector supply, as well as developing our in-house capabilities to support commercial delivery for afami-cel. For tthey second and third clinical milestones ttheir year, we are on track to update in Q3, on our AFP and SURPASS programs at ILCA and ESMO, respectively. At ILCA, on September tthey 5th, Dr. Bruno Sangro will present data from our AFP Phase 1 trial. He will present data on 13 patients, who've been treated in Cohort 3 and tthey expansion, a level of who have had at least one post-baseline scan. We will issue a full press release around ttheyse data and will update regarding ttheir program going forward. At ESMO, we presented update from tthey SURPASS trial with our next-gen program targeting MAGE-A4. You'll remember that last year, we reported data at Fitzy from six patients in tthey dose escalation cohort of ttheir trial, with two confirmed responses and patients with EGJ and theyad and neck cancer, as well as tumor reductions in three ottheyr patients with esophageal, ovarian and EGJ cancers. As I said in tthey Q1 call in May, enrollment in tthey first half of 2021 in ttheir trial has gone very well. As of tthey data cut for tthey ESMO presentations, we treated 25 patients in ttheir trial and 23 of ttheyse patients have at least one post-baseline scan. And we are very much looking forward to sharing ttheir data update as planned at ESMO. Tthey poster will be available online on September tthey 16th. Again, we will issue a full press release and provide an update on tthey future for tthey development of ttheir ttheyrapy. Couple of ottheyr updates on ttheir program, tthey SURPASS trial was initially in a wide range of MAGE-A4 expressing tumors, but was subsequently amended to recruiting full focus indications lung, bladder, theyad and neck and gastroesophageal cancers, wtheyre we have seen anti-tumor activity and responses with our MAGE-A4 targeted ttheyrapies previously. Based on emerging data in several patients with ovarian cancer treated in tthey SURPASS trial, we will add ovarian cancer back to tthey list of focus indications. So going forward, tthey SURPASS trial will continue to enroll patients with lung, bladder, theyad and neck, gastroesophageal and ovarian cancer. In addition, our SURPASS-2 trial, which is tthey Phase 2 trial with tthey next-gen product targeting MAGE-A4 for patients with esophageal and EGJ cancers is on track to initiate as planned in Q3. We've designed a protocol to account for tthey evolving standard of care in ttheir setting and identify a patient population that is most likely to benefit from ttheir type of ttheyrapy. We are committed to identify more indications for late phase development with tthey 2-2-5-2 goal of having an additional MAGE-A4 marketed product in tthey next five years. Our clinical data, our translational learnings, as well as our preclinical pipeline, including our industry-leading allogeneic program move us closer every day to our goal of cell ttheyrapy products that are both curative and mainstream. And with that, I'd like to turn it over to tthey operator for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Tony Butler with ROTH Capital. Your line is open. Tony Butler Thanks very much for taking tthey questions. Ttheyre are two one with two parts. Adrian, you mentioned tthey companion diagnostic development with Agilent. And I am assuming that you're going to see clear validation. So tthey question is, can you provide some information around tthey number of patients that you may need to see to provide to tthey FDA? And importantly, will that cause any delay, or do you think it will cause any delay in tthey BLA filing based on SPEARHEAD-1? And part b, of that question, would you use ttheir particular validated diagnostic in SURPASS-2, in esophageal cancer in EGJ. Question two is around tthey program that you have with Astellas? And I recall that one of tthey - I believe it was one of tthey HiT programs Astellas had taken if you will an ownership or joint venture in, that also taken a second program. And I wondered, if you would speak to that, and if you don't want to reveal tthey program fine, but how far longer tthey development of both? Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Tony. So, we have not provided details on tthey development pathway for tthey companion diagnostic. I can confirm that ttheyre won't be any delay to - we don't anticipate any delay to tthey BLA file on tthey basis of that. Could you repeat tthey question on tthey SURPASS-2 trial? Tony Butler Yes, so you're going to use that companion diagnostic in tthey SURPASS-2 trial, and ttheyrefore that trial may actually be somewhat delayed in tthey rolling, even though you said it's going to be in Q3? Thanks. Adrian Rawcliffe Yes, so tthey answer is no. We're not using that diagnostic in that trial, and we don't anticipate that, that will be delayed in enrolling. With respect to tthey Astellas collaboration, I'm going to ask James to comment on tthey status of those programs. James Tayton-Martin Thanks, Adrian. So thanks for tthey question, Tony. Can I just repeat it back to you, I think you were double ctheycking on tthey second program, tthey first one we name Mesottheylin as a target for one of our HLA independent or HiT, TCRs and we are co-developing that one to get ttheyre. Tthey second one is, has been selected, but is not named, and won't be named foreseeable, is that tthey question? Tony Butler It is, James and thank you, tthey issue was how far along has that progressed since ttheyy have decided to take that program under ttheyir wings as well? James Tayton-Martin I would get liberty to say exactly how far it's progressed, but it is moving along tthey timelines that we anticipated for in selecting tthey target. So, I think early, basically, but not that far from finding tthey Mesottheylin program. Operator Our next question comes from Marc Frahm with Cowen and Company. Your line is open. Marc Frahm Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on getting all ttheyse patients in and ready for presentation. Maybe Adrian, your comment about adding a focus on ovarian within SURPASS, just to be clear, is that based on I think that you had a little bit of tumors, you had some tumor shrinkage in one ovarian patient as of tthey last update, is it because of that, or is it really that you've seen more in additional patients that have happened subsequent to that update? Adrian Rawcliffe We are going to comment on any of tthey data that is in tthey SURPASS trial pending tthey ESMO data release. I think that question will be much better answered wtheyn we can all look at tthey same amount of data and have that discussion ttheyre. Marc Frahm Okay. And may get similar answer theyre, but same quite answer. But can you give us a flavor - you gave that kind of patient numbers, but can you give a flavor kind of spread of tumors that are going to be in ttheyre, in our - should we be thinking about any of ttheyse tumor types starting to get to that kind of high single-digit patient type of threshold you've theirtorically talked about that useful for kind of establishing proof-of-concept or futility, if that were tthey case? Adrian Rawcliffe You're correct. You're going to get tthey same answer as from tthey previous question, but I do with my persistence on ttheir. We haven't guided and we're not going to guide, I think it's best, it's only a month away everybody can look at tthey data set wtheyn we put it out ttheyre at ESMO, and we can talk about it from an important perspective at that point. Marc Frahm Okay. And ttheyn maybe turning to tthey plan BLA, you're continuing to enroll a second cohort of patients in SPEARHEAD-1. Will tthey filing just have tthey first cohort that we've already seen response rate data, plus tthey couple of incremental patients, or do you expect that filing to have tthey complete trial including some of ttheyse patients who are enrolled into tthey second cohort? Elliot Norry Yes. Hi, Marc, it's Elliot. Tthey plan is to file tthey BLA based on tthey data in Cohort 1. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Smith with Guggentheyim. Your line is open. Kelsey Goodwin Ttheir is Kelsey on from Michael. I just had two quick ones. Could you just provide some color on wtheyre you stand with tthey launch prep and commercial readiness? And ttheyn tthey second one, we saw in tthey press release that tthey radiation sub-study was officially closed, maybe just a little bit of color ttheyre on why it stopped? And that's it from me. Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Kelsey. I will ask Elliott to touch on tthey radiation sub-study. And James, do you want to just pick up on wtheyre we are with commercial readiness and prep? James Tayton-Martin Yes, sure. I'll kick off with tthey answer to that one. I mean I think we're in reasonably good shape. We've been planning for ttheir for quite some time. We've had internal focus on tthey key things around market access, marketing, broad commercial planning and now we're beginning to turn our attention to tthey dig deeper and also obviously into tthey outward customer facing roles. So as you would imagine working very closely with KOLs, et cetera, and ttheyn getting feedback and beginning to sort of map out all kinds of materials, pathways and rolls on that side. And ttheyn kind of John, can quite easily comment on tthey prep, that's going on to for our commercial manufacturing and our operations, technical operations in place ready for very different level of delivery of products to complement what we do on tthey clinical side. So yes, we're about - we'll say more in due calls, I'm sure, but at ttheir stage, I think we're pleased with how it's tracking. Adrian Rawcliffe John, do you want to pick up on tthey CMC aspects of ttheir? John Lunger Sure. We've said before that our commercial loans will come out of tthey same facility theyre in Philadelphia that we've been using for tthey clinical trials, and ttheyn we had tthey capacity that we need for that launch. So supply-wise we're in good shape, and ttheyn we're obviously going through all of tthey activities that you need to prepare for tthey BLA filing, tthey process characterization work and those type of things, which is proceeding well. Adrian Rawcliffe Elliot, do you want to touch on radiation sub-study? Elliot Norry Yes, sure. So we decided to end enrollment in tthey radiation sub-study for - really for multiple reasons. Ttheir was a single center sub-study of tthey Phase 1, afami-cel multi-tumor study. And really tthey only part that was remaining open. Tthey study was significantly affected from an enrollment standpoint by tthey COVID pandemic. And really presented a very challenging enrollment scenario with tthey single center, and also with expanding into ottheyr centers. And wtheyn we look back at tthey trial design as well, based on how it had been organized, it was really unlikely to provide sufficient answers as it relates to differentiating tthey addition of low dose radiation to cell ttheyrapy. So, while ttheyre is still, I think scientific promise to tthey idea of using low dose radiation to improve T-cell trafficking, and we'll sort of retain tthey option to reintroduce that at a later time, if it makes sense. Ttheir study really did not make good sense for us to continue to enroll. Tthey real focus is for those same tumor types that are expressing MAGE-A4 to really be put into tthey CD8 alpha program and continue to enroll SURPASS. Operator Our next question comes from Jonathan Chang with SVB Leerink. Your line is open. Jonathan Chang First question, what do you see as tthey go/no-go bar for advancing tthey next-gen MAGE-A4 program into later stage development for tthey different indications beyond tthey Phase 1 SURPASS study? Adrian Rawcliffe So maybe I'll take a stab at that. And so tthey - I think - I don't want to get into speculation about individual tumor types. I think we'll let tthey data speak for itself with ESMO. But I think, I'd just refer everybody to tthey discussions that we've had previously about what efficacy in cell ttheyrapy, in very late stage populations such as those that we're studying in ttheir Phase 1 trial would look like. And I think we've consistently said that three out of 10 patients responding with benefit to patients of six months give or take would probably be tthey ballpark that we're looking to see. Now, obviously that does vary depending on individual settings and tumor types, and - but I think we need to understand tthey data a little bit more before we can discuss that and look forward to doing so from ESMO onwards. Jonathan Chang And maybe a similar question in tthey same lane. What do you see as tthey go/no-go bar for picking a particular indication to be a focus indication in tthey ongoing SURPASS study? Adrian Rawcliffe Well, that one was a bit more a bit simpler. In that, we selected those indications some time ago, tthey four that we have previously. And obviously, I'm not going to comment on tthey rationale behind putting ovarian. And as I commented earlier, we'll talk about that wtheyn we get down to ESMO. But more generally you might recall that we had an analysis of all of tthey patients that were treated with MAGE-A4 targeting ttheyrapies in tthey both tthey dose escalation portions of tthey SURPASS study and ttheyn also tthey Phase 1 trial for afami-cel we recruited a number of non-sarcoma patients you may recall. And tthey indications that we selected is focused indications ttheyn lung, bladder, gastroesophageal, theyad and neck were indications wtheyre we had seen eittheyr confirmed responses or very substantial anti-tumor activity in tthey case of bladder or urottheylial cancer. We didn't have any responses ttheyre, but we had seen very significant anti-tumor activity. And really it was a way of focusing down that trial from tthey sort of 10 indications that it was - go routinely express MAGE-A4, down to something a bit more manageable and to try to get to patient numbers wtheyre we could make development decisions. Operator Our next question comes from Mara Goldstein with Mizuho. Your line is open. Mara Goldstein Hi, it's Mara Goldstein. Just a few questions - theyy, on SURPASS-2, you spoke to in your prepared comments about making some modifications to sort of conform to evolving standard of care. And I'm wondering if you can just speak to that at ttheir point in time? And ttheyn tthey second is, I'm just curious, we've theyard from a couple of companies within tthey cell ttheyrapy space around vector supply constraints. And you also kind of alluded to a little bit around sort of supply management. Maybe you could speak to that specifically as it relates to you guys and what you're doing? Adrian Rawcliffe Certainly, thanks, Mara. So I'm going to ask Elliott to talk about tthey SURPASS-2 study, and tthey standard of care evolution ttheyre. And ttheyn I'll ask John to pick up tthey discussion on our strategy around back to supply. Mara Goldstein Thank you. Elliot Norry Yes hi, Mara. Just very briefly, tthey standard of care for really tthey gastroesophageal cancers has evolved from being a ctheymottheyrapy approach in first-line followed by PD-1 inhibitor. In most scenarios ttheyre are some ottheyr drugs that play in, in specific settings, but those drugs are now being used fairly commonly as a combination first-line approach, which does two things. I mean, first of all, it improves tthey standard of care for those patients, but it also opens up tthey space for second-line ttheyrapy in many patients and that tthey patients don't just receive, ttheyy don't receive first ctheymottheyrapy progress ttheyn PD-1 inhibitor, ttheyn progress ttheyn be open to third-line treatments. Ttheyy're really compressing those two treatments still into first line. That being said, ttheyre is still tremendous unmet need in ttheir population and that, tthey response rate and duration of response with those comment - with that combination, although better and an advancement for patients. Ttheyre is still quite a long way to go to theylp ttheir really devastating tumor type, tthey patients with that disease - with those diseases. Mara Goldstein So ttheyn modification, you'll expect to make will be essentially to move sort of closer to a second-line ttheyrapy is that what I'm understanding? Elliot Norry Tthey study does allow for tthey drug to be used in second line beyond. Mara Goldstein Okay. Elliot Norry Behind combination ctheymottheyrapy, we've made some ottheyr changes with respect to patient selection and whatnot based on what we've learned in tthey Phase 1 program, but that's tthey most significant change. Mara Goldstein Okay all right. Thank you. John Lunger Yes and on tthey vector, probably recall back in 2017, we made tthey decision to pursue a vector strategy that had 10 main elements. One was an external partner that could work with us through commercial and Ad mentioned Miltenyi earlier, which we've used work with Miltenyi for tthey vector supply for our SPEARHEAD trial and ottheyr trials. So that's tthey material that we'll use going into commercial. But secondly we decided to also develop tthey internal capability. So we have done that and we're supplying our ottheyr trials with material produced internally from our facilities. It's a new cell and gene ttheyrapy Catapult center in tthey U.K. So, we're kind of executed on tthey plan to have two sources of vector available to us, one internal and one external. Operator Thank you. And ttheyre are no ottheyr questions in tthey queue. I'd like to turn it back to Adrian Rawcliffe for closing remarks. Adrian Rawcliffe Thank you, everyone for your questions and your continued support for tthey company. We look forward to updating everyone on tthey data in September and keeping you up-to-date with continued progress. With that, we'll close tthey call. Thanks a lot. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.