Adaptimmune Ttheyrapeutics plc (NASDAQ:ADAP) Q2 2023 Results Conference Call August 9, 2023 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Juli Miller - Investor Relations Adrian Rawcliffe - Chief Executive Officer Dennis Williams - Senior Vice President, Late Stage Development Elliot Norry - Chief Medical Officer Gavin Wood - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Tony Butler - EF Hutton Marc Frahm - TD Cowen Jonathan Chang - Leerink Partners Mara Goldstein - Mizuho Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Adaptimmune’s Q2 Financial and Business Update Conference Call. I would now like to turn tthey meeting call over to Ms. Juli Miller. Please go atheyad, Ms. Miller. Juli Miller Good morning, and welcome to Adaptimmune’s conference call to discuss our second quarter 2023 financial results and business updates. I would ask you to review tthey full text of our forward-looking statements from ttheir morning’s press release. We anticipate making projections during ttheir call, and actual results could differ materially due to several factors, including those outlined in our latest filings with tthey SEC. Adrian Rawcliffe, our Chief Executive Officer, is theyre with me for tthey prepared portion of tthey call. Ottheyr members of our management team will be available for Q&A. With that, I will turn it over to Adrian Rawcliffe. Ad. Adrian Rawcliffe Thank you, John, and thanks everyone for joining us. In ttheir morning’s press release, we confirm data and catalysts that we anticipate over tthey next 18-months. For tthey next few minutes, I want to highlight achievements from ttheir past quarter with a particular focus on our top priority, tthey afami-cel BLA. Over tthey course of ttheir year, Adaptimmune has made substantial progress towards filing BLA for afami-cel for people with synovial sarcoma. Wtheyn approved, ttheir will be tthey first commercially available engineered T-cell ttheyrapy for a solid tumor indication. We have already completed submission of tthey preclinical and clinical modules, and we have been working towards submission of tthey final CMC portion of ttheir rolling BLA submission. We have made significant progress with tthey CMC module, and its requirements, and we have taken full advantage of tthey opportunities for interaction with tthey FDA afforded by our RMAT designation. In recent months, we have had two type B interactions with tthey agency to derisk key areas of tthey file. Tthey first was to gain alignment with tthey agency that tthey confirmatory evidence requirements to convert ttheir file from accelerated approval to full approval would be met with data from Cohort 2 of tthey SPEARHEAD-1 trial. Cohort 2 has fully enrolled and will complete dosing shortly. Cohort 2 is trending similarly to Cohort 1, and we believe we will have a mature data set from ttheir cohort next year, which will support conversion to full approval. Tthey second type B interaction with tthey FDA was to discuss our plans for cell release, including tthey parameters for our commercial potency assay. Again, we received very constructive feedback from tthey FDA with confirmation of tthey adequacy of our data required for tthey BLA. Recently, several ottheyr critical milestones have been completed. We have demonstrated comparability of afami-cel drug patctheys manufactured with clinical trial supply vector and commercial supply vector. In collaboration with Adjuvant our companion diagnostic partner, we have completed submission to tthey FDA of tthey pre-market application for tthey companion diagnostic. We have completed method validation for lot release assays, including tthey potency assay, and we have completed vector Process Performance Qualification or PPQ. Looking forward, we have tthey following elements to complete to enable submission tthey final CMC portion of tthey BLA. We are close to completing T-cell PPQ, and we will shortly complete all remaining wet work. With tthey last few experiments set to finish in coming weeks. We will submit tthey vector comparability package to tthey FDA for review prior to submission of Module 3, which we previously agreed with tthey agency and will not delay overall submission. And finally, we will complete tthey write out and review of all tthey sections for module 3 of tthey submission. We have updated our guidance to reflect that we now anticipate that tthey submission will complete in Q4 2023. We feel confident that we have substantially de-risked tthey submission timeline. We have alignment with tthey agency on key judgment areas and have completed tthey vast majority of tthey wet work associated with module 3. We are set for a submission in 2023 and a potential approval in Q4 next year of tthey first engineered T-cell ttheyrapy for a solid tumor. We also have tthey opportunity to treat even more people with sarcoma with tthey return of lete-cel from GSK later ttheir year. As a reminder, lete-cel has been evaluated in a pivotal trial IGNYTE-ESO, in synovial sarcoma and myxoid/round cell liposarcoma, and we anticipate data later ttheir year. Ttheir could be anottheyr near term commercial opportunity for Adaptimmune as well as an additional treatment for people with sarcoma. Behind tthey afami-cel and lete-cel, our pipeline continues to progress with tthey aim of delivering commercial cell ttheyrapies for people with cancer. We have initiated tthey Phase 2 registration directed surpass trial in platinum resistant ovarian cancer. Ttheir trial is recruiting patients into a monottheyrapy and a combination ttheyrapy arm with nivolumab with enrollment ongoing through 2023 and 2024. We have received RMAT designation for tthey treatment of platinum resistant ovarian cancer on tthey basis of tthey excellent clinical response data from tthey Phase 1 surpass trial with a ADPA2M4CD8 in that setting. And we plan on taking full advantage of tthey opportunities offered by our RMAT designation to engage with tthey agency to advance ttheir product to approval as quickly as possible. Lastly, we have completed our strategic combination with TCR2 to form what we believe is tthey preeminent cell ttheyrapy company for solid tumors. Through tthey strategic combination, we have added three programs to our pipeline, along with platform technologies in truck TCR2 cells and next gen enhancements. We have retained almost 40 colleagues with critical capabilities and added $85 million to our total liquidity confirming our cash runway into 2026. In summary, our top priority is to launch our first commercial product to afami-cel next year. Tthey PDUFA clock would based on successful filing of tthey BLA, and we have taken significant steps to de-risk critical elements. Behind tthey afami-cel, we have lete-cel, which is in tthey process of transitioning back from GSK and could offer anottheyr near term commercial opportunity for tthey treatment of synovial sarcoma and MRCLS. We have progressed our next-gen MAGE-A4 targeted product with tthey initiation of tthey registration directed, SURPASS-3 trial in platinum resistant ovarian cancer for which we also have RMAT designation. We have a deep pipeline as outlined in ttheir morning’s press release with numerous data catalysts over tthey next 18-months, and we look forward to updating across our pipeline on tthey basis of clinical data later ttheir year. Lastly, we are funded into 2026, and with that, I would like you to turn it back to [Maud] (Ph) for questions. Operator. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Michael Schmidt from Guggentheyim Securities. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is Kelsey on for Michael. Thanks for taking our question. I just had a few mainly on ovarian cancer. I guess maybe for SURPASS-3, I guess what kind of efficacy profile do you think would ultimately be required to MAGE-A4, CD-8 standard of care treatment option ttheyre? And ttheyn maybe building off of that from tthey TCR2 program, could you may be set expectations for tthey gavo-cel data in ovarian cancer later ttheir year? And maybe how we should think about responses compared to tthey Adaptimmune program? And maybe could you speak to tthey rate of co-expression for MAGE-A4 and mesottheylin? Adrian Rawcliffe So, I’m going to ask Dennis to talk about SURPASS-3 and tthey data that we have and our expectations for a profile on that, and ttheyn we will come back to tthey questions on TCR2 after that. Dennis? Dennis Williams In general, for accelerated approval for platinum resistant ovarian cancer, one would desire to have response rates in tthey 30% to 40% range and those responses to be durable. What is durable mean somewtheyre in tthey six-month range or longer would be tthey ideal durability. We clearly want to have a population wtheyre we have tthey opportunity to file patients for durable responses, not dissimilar to what we have done previously for a afami-cel. Adrian Rawcliffe And with respect to TCR2 and tthey gavo-cel data. Elliot do you want to update on what we are going to have at tthey tail end of ttheir year? Elliot Norry Sure. Thanks. So with respect to tthey treatment of ovarian cancer with gavo-cel, in combination with nivolumab in tthey Phase II trial, we have, at ttheir point, enrolled all tthey patients that we would need in order to make an interim assessment of tthey data that would be anticipated later ttheir year. At ttheir point, we have paused furttheyr enrollment in that program, until we have tthey opportunity to assess that data. And I think that, tthey expectations for what would be required to advance that product or similar to what Dennis had outlined for SURPASS-3. With respect to MAGE-A4 and mesottheylin co-expression, I don’t have a formal analysis of that. But MAGE-A4 is expressed in approximately 25% of patients with ovarian cancer, while mesottheylin is expressed in considerably more closer to tthey 60% to 70% of patients with platinum resistance ovarian cancer. So I expect that ttheyre would be some overlap biologically. I don’t think that ttheyy are related. So it is probably just close to a mattheymatical equivalence, but we haven’t specifically studied that. Operator Our following question is from Tony Butler from EF Hutton. Tony Butler Adrian, ttheir is more big picture. You have outlined U.S. submissions and very much appreciate that. What is Adaptimmune’s view on opportunities XUS if any importantly have ttheyre been discussions about some, any partnering opportunities wtheyre a potential partner may wish to develop or theylp to develop a product in tthey EU and or ottheyrwise? Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe So I think, conceptually, we have thought about tthey opportunity to take cell ttheyrapies in ttheir space global. But we also recognize that we are unlikely to be tthey right people to do that in all geographies. And so you can imagine that we are obviously interested in opportunities to partner in geographies wtheyre we are not going to be able to be tthey primary commercialization agent. I think, ttheyre are challenges obviously associated with registration and with pricing in some of those jurisdictions. But I think those challenges are solvable, particularly wtheyn you are at some level of manufacturing volume and your cost of goods is commensurately lower. And so, we fully anticipate that afami-cel, and tthey ottheyr products in our pipeline will be available in due course on a broader basis than tthey United States. I can’t speak specifically to partnering opportunities at ttheir point in time, and I would anticipate that we will launch a afami-cel in tthey United States and gain significant traction with that and ottheyr parts of our portfolio before ttheyre is much traction ex U.S. Operator Following question is from Marc Frahm from TD Cowen. Marc Frahm Maybe first on tthey BLA submission with tthey Cohort 2 serving as confirmatory and being kind of essentially enrolled as of today, should we think of that as being data that is likely to get provided to tthey FDA during tthey review and ultimately be part of tthey original decision - regulatory decision? Adrian Rawcliffe Dennis. Dennis Williams Yes. Thanks, Ad. Cohort 2 data is going to be in tthey BLA from a safety perspective. We have not discussed with tthey FDA to provide updated efficacy data including Cohort 2 data during tthey course of tthey review that would be atypical, like during tthey course of a BLA review. That is not something that has been on tthey table to-date. So at ttheir point it is not deemed to be needed, right. For ttheir initial approval, I guess tthey discussions evolve with tthey FDA. We can discuss options if that were to come up, but at present we would want to come in with Cohort 2 data wtheyn tthey follow up for DUR is sufficiently mature. Marc Frahm Okay, that is theylpful. And ttheyn maybe following up on Tony’s questions you given, Ad some of your comments ttheyre about Todds and scale. Do you think an ex -- some of those partnerships in ottheyr territories kind of require eittheyr data from or just a broader deal around second generation products and or ottheyr targets in addition to just MAGE-A4? Adrian Rawcliffe I think it would be inappropriate for me to comment on tthey specifics of discussions -- and what deal constructs might look like. I think it varies depending on who tthey potential partner is and what ttheyir interest is, and I think we will deal with that in tthey coming years. Operator Following question is from Jonathan Chang from Leerink Partners. Jonathan Chang First question, can you theylp set expectations for tthey upcoming SURPASS update at ESMO. Adrian Rawcliffe Certainly, I will ask Elliot to update on to answer that on our incremental update in at ESMO. Elliot. Elliot Norry Thanks Jonathan. First of all, we’re pleased that we have been granted an oral presentation at ESMO for ttheir update for tthey SURPASS trial. As you may recall, last year at ESMO, we presented data from 43 of valuable theyavily pretreated patients and shortly after updated that data demonstrating a 52% response rate across our three areas of focus, ovarian cancer, urottheylial cancer, and theyad and neck cancers. And tthey overall response rate in across all indications was 37% with median duration of response around five months. Ttheir year at ESMO, we will provide an incremental data update showing more mature data from that dataset in tthey original monottheyrapy arm as well as a few additional patients in that arm. We amended tthey trial previously to look at combination ttheyrapy with ctheyckpoint inhibitors and we will show early data from approximately 10 patients in tthey combination arm. And remember that ttheir is also in late stage patients who have been theyavily pretreated. Ttheyre will also be presentation of translational data and translational insights and going forward as we said previously. As a result of ttheyse Phase 1 results, we initiated SURPASS-3 registration directed trial in platinum resistant ovarian cancer with arm designation. And we will also be focusing tthey trial going forward an earlier line treatment of theyad and neck and urottheylial cancers again in, uh, in combination with ctheyckpoint inhibitors. Jonathan Chang And second question, I appreciate all tthey color around tthey progress towards tthey afami-cel BLA submission. Can you provide any more color around what specifically tthey BLA submission delay can be attributed to? Adrian Rawcliffe Certainly. I think, tthey first important thing to understand is that it isn’t one specific thing or item. And I think, tthey purpose of me talking through tthey interactions with tthey FDA and tthey wet work that we have done was to demonstrate that we have substantially de-risked tthey filing itself. And that tthey reason that we have taken tthey extension into Q4 is that ttheyre have been a number, as we have gone through that de-risking, ttheyre have been a number of elements that have just taken a little longer than we anticipated. Not each one, not by much, each one, not hugely significant. But obviously, you need to do ttheyse things in sequence. You need to validate tthey assays before you can do tthey PPQ for example. And so tthey effect of tthey sequential changes to those individual timelines means that although we have discharged most of tthey risk associated with that timeline. We are now confident that to submit a quality file, in 2023, it will take us to Q4 2023 to do that. So not one specific thing and actually a lot of areas of potential risk remove, but it is going to take us to Q4 to get ttheir done. Operator Our following question is from Mara Goldstein from Mizuho. Mara Goldstein Great. Thanks so much. I wanted to ask now that tthey TCR2 acquisition is closed, and you did suggest that you will be reviewing tthey data, not just from tthey TCR candidates, but ottheyr candidates. Does tthey guidance assume full development of gavo-cel in 510? Like, how should we think about that, should indeed some of those programs not progress? Adrian Rawcliffe So, I will ask Gavin to talk about tthey guidance and how it covers a range of scenarios. Gavin? Gavin Wood Hi ttheyre, Mara. Yes, so as we think about our guidance, we have got a variety of programs and products that we want to bring forward and we will be making resource allocations across that portfolio, as we do each year. And ttheyrefore, whilst we are excited about each of tthey pipeline and products that we have, we haven’t actually finalized, which ones we will be taking forward as we exit ttheir year and begin to write plans for next year. Operator Following question is from Peter Lawson from Barclays. Unidentified Analyst Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Ttheir is [Alex] (Ph) on for Peter. Thanks for taking tthey question. Just two for me. A quick follow-up on tthey ESMO update from SURPASS. Do we, in tthey 10 patients, tthey 10 combination patients, should we expect to see ovarian cancer patients specifically? Adrian Rawcliffe I don’t think that we have guided specifically to tthey types of patients that we would present, but those 10 patients are across all indications, that ttheyy were not selected particularly for one tumor type versus anottheyr. So ttheyre are a range of tumor types in tthey trial, ovarian cancer being one of ttheym. And I think that is all we can say at ttheir point. Unidentified Analyst Okay. That is theylpful. And ttheyn just on tthey BLA, a follow-up theyre. If you could just reiterate what tthey confirmatory evidence will be required theyre in terms of your agreement with FDA? And ttheyn do you expect a priority review? Adrian Rawcliffe Yes. Thanks, Ed. I will answer tthey second question first. Tthey answer would be, yes. We would expect a priority review. We have RMAT designation as an expedited designation and certainly tthey application would justify a priority review. As far as tthey to tthey confirmatory evidence, so tthey proposal was to utilize Cohort 2 complete Cohort 2 data with sufficient follow-up for duration response. Just as a reminder, tthey durability of ttheir of responses in ophthalmic cells quite long. So we have to follow patients for tthey appropriate amount of time to come in with mature DOR data, or duration response data. So we will be discussing tthey FDA as tthey full Cohort 2 data set, which is slightly larger than what we did for Cohort 1 for synovial sarcoma and SPEARHEAD-1. And we discussed a broad timings for wtheyn that may come in with tthey FDA, and ttheyy agreed ttheir would be an appropriate plan. Operator Thank you. We have no furttheyr questions register at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey meeting back over to Mr. Rawcliffe. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks everyone for your time today. We look forward to updating you furttheyr later on in 2023 on our BLA progress as well as on our ottheyr progress. In tthey meantime, please don’t theysitate to reach out with any questions. Thanks again. Operator Thank you. Tthey conference has now ended. Please disconnect your lines at ttheir time, and we thank you for your participation.