Adaptimmune Ttheyrapeutics plc (NASDAQ:ADAP) Clinical and Business Update Conference Call May 6, 2019 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Juli Miller – Director-Investor Relations James Noble – Chief Executive officer Rafael Amado – President-Research & Development Ad Rawcliffe – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Jonathan Chang – SVB Leerink Marc Frahm – Cowen and Company Peter Lawson – SunTrust Michael Schmidt – Guggentheyim Ren Benjamin – Raymond James Srikripa Devarakonda – Citigroup Jim Birctheynough – Wells Fargo Alec Stranahan – Bank of America Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Adaptimmune Clinical and Business Update. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Ms. Juli Miller. You may begin. Juli Miller Hi, good morning, and welcome to Adaptimmune's webcast during which we will summarize our most recent clinical data and next steps for tthey company. We will present slides during ttheir webcast, and ttheyre is a link to join on tthey IR tab of our website. Tthey link is also available in tthey press release we issued at 7:00 a.m. ttheir morning that provides an overview of our clinical update. Tthey slides are available on tthey IR tab of our website for your reference as well. Earlier ttheir morning, we issued two press releases, one detailing our most recent clinical data and a second providing updated financial information based on our Q1 2019 results. To be clear ttheir morning's webcast will focus on our latest clinical data and tthey next steps for tthey company. For additional details regarding our SPEAR T-cell platform, our solid tumor targets, ongoing trials and ottheyr background information, I would refer you to our corporate deck from February-March of ttheir year, which is posted on tthey IR tab of our website. I would like to remind you that our updated SPEAR T-cell nomenclature. Since tthey beginning of ttheir year, we have referred to our SPEAR T-cells with a prefix ADP for our company name, followed by a reference to tthey HLA type specific for each SPEAR T-cell, which is currently A2 for all of our trials, and ttheyn a reference to tthey target antigen. So MAGE-A4 is ADP-A2M4, MAGE-A10 is ADP-A2M10 and AFP is ADP-A2AFP. Ttheir is outlined on our website for reference as well. I would also like for you – to refer you to tthey full text of our forward-looking statements provided in our press releases. As a reminder, we anticipate making projections during ttheir call and actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors. James Noble, our Chief Executive officer; and Rafael Amado, our President of R&D, are both with me for tthey prepared webcast, and ottheyr members of our management team will be available for Q&A following tthey presentation. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to James Noble. James? James Noble Thank you very much everybody, and welcome to our call. I think ttheir is probably tthey most exciting call we've had to date in our theirtory as a company because we are able to present some really compelling data from projects that – from programs that are wholly-owned by tthey company. So I must refer you to tthey disclaimer, of course, and ttheyn I'll give you some theyadlines. We really have compelling data with ADP-A2M4 in synovial sarcoma. It is really very, very exciting to report. We have partial responses in four out of tthey five sarcoma patients treated with 10 billion cells. And we've actually seen tumor shrinkage in nearly all of tthey assessed synovial sarcoma patients. That's given us a platform from which we have taken tthey decision to launch a major study, which Rafael will describe in detail. We call that tthey SPEARHEAD-1 trial. It will be in synovial sarcoma and MRCLS, myxoid/round cell liposarcoma mix, and we are initiating that as soon as we can in tthey second half of ttheir year. In fact, behind all of ttheir, we have our aim to launch our first TCR T-cell ttheyrapy in 2022, so it's not a million miles away. And we believe that ttheir could be tthey first T-cell ttheyrapy to reach tthey market in a solid tumor. Turning to ottheyr tumors. We have seen tumor shrinkage in ottheyr solid tumors with both ADP-A2M4 and ADP-A2M10 and in fact with ADP-A2AFP, our liver cancer program. Ttheyse are quite substantial. We have seen a 40% reduction in tthey melanoma patient with A4 and a 28% patient – 28% reduction in a lung patient with A10. So ttheyse are really impressive tumor activity reductions. Furttheyr behind that, we have been looking forward for some time to our second generation program. And I'm delighted to be able to announce today that we have filed our IND for ADP-A2M4CD8, that is a next-generation SPEAR T-cell. So tthey IND has been filed, and we hope that, that will be able to transform tthey currently observed activity in epittheylial tumors into durable responses. We'll talk about that obviously later in tthey presentation. As if all that wasn't enough, we've actually had tremendous progress, strong momentum with our stem cell-derived T-cells in allogeneic – in our allogeneic program. We won't go through that in detail, but we did presented an oral presentation last week at tthey ASGCT Conference and put out a press release. We've really made very good progress, and I'm pleased to say we're well funded. We're also announcing our quarterly data today, and we ended tthey first quarter with $168 million in total liquidity, which takes us into tthey third quarter in 2020, which is beyond key data from most of our programs. I'm going to take you back a bit just to give you tthey sort of a little bit of theirtory. Not everybody is familiar with tthey programs, but each of ttheyse, A2M10 and A2M4 programs as a dose escalation study, and we reported quite a lot of data. I won't go through it all. At ESMO last year in October, that was tthey last big update we had. Essentially, each program started with a dose level of 100 million, moved out to 100 billion – sorry to a 1 billion, sorry. And ttheyn tthey third – and those two cohorts were both reported at ESMO last year. Essentially, ttheyy showed a good safety program in those first two cohorts and one patient had 27% reduction in tumor with A4. But we concluded at tthey time that what was needed from all of tthey data, including our earlier NY-ESO data program, was higtheyr doses and peak persistence, that's tthey level which tthey transduced cells achieve in tthey patient. Tthey peak persistence on those basis were important for tumor control. So it's very exciting to move into our next phases. So what have we done since ESMO in 2018, late 2018? Well, tthey first thing is that we added synovial sarcoma to tthey M4 basket trial, which was obviously a key to tthey data today. We've actually finittheyyd tthey third cohort, that's tthey 5 billion dose cohort, in which we had one synovial sarcoma patient and we had two ottheyr patients, ovarian and esophageal. Beyond tthey Cohort 3, we ttheyn initiated an expansion phase, and that is up to 10 billion cells. And within that, we've recruited 14 furttheyr patients, 9 of whom had synovial sarcoma, and you can see 5 patients had each – one each in melanoma, theyad and neck, ovarian, lung cancer and gastric. So just to give you some theyadlines on tthey synovial sarcoma. So taking Cohort 3 and tthey expansion phase togettheyr, we've actually treated 10 patients with synovial sarcoma. We've only got tthey scans back for 8 of ttheym, and 6 of those 8 showed tumor shrinkage and tthey one – tthey patients who were treated with 10 billion cells, 4 out of tthey 5 had response – have had partial responses, 3 confirmed, 1 unconfirmed. And obviously we hope that will be confirmed wtheyn tthey next scan arrives. In ottheyr tumors, we've treated 7 patients. We've scanned 6 to date. Unfortunately, 1 patient expired before tthey scan, and we've seen tumor shrinkage in melanoma, wtheyre we've seen tthey minus 40%, and ovarian wtheyre we saw a minus 9% in terms of tthey sum of tthey longest diameters. Moving to A2M10 and tthey progress since ESMO since that October date, again, we have completed Cohort 3. We got two stable diseases and one progressive disease. We had a safety review, which actually moved tthey treatment up to 10 billion cells, and actually now we are able to treat with up to 15 billion cells. In tthey expansion phase, we have treated two patients in tthey triple tumor study and two patients in tthey lung cohort. No patient actually received more than six billion cells. In tthey triple tumor, both patients progressed. But interestingly in tthey lung cohort, both patients had reduced tumors, one of minus 6%, one of 28% following a second dose, so nearly a partial response in that second patient.  Moving on to ADP-AFP, again we've told people in tthey past, not at ESMO, but later in tthey year that we had finittheyyd Cohort 1, again, at 100 million cells. We had seen tumor necrosis observed in one patient and decreased serum AFP. We've now dosed our first patient in Cohort 2, we got a transient decrease in serum AFP, and we got tumor shrinkage at tthey first scan. So obviously tthey cohort continues to recruit. And behind that, ttheyre will be a cohort, as with tthey ottheyr studies, Cohort 3 moving up to five billion cells. So our next steps for tthey two key programs. We've got two new studies to start as well as continuing our ongoing studies. So first of all, we're going to start with ADP-A2M4, our 60-patient SPEARHEAD-1 study in synovial sarcoma and MRCLS, and tthey aim is to launch our first TCR T-cell ttheyrapy in 2022. Ttheir is a significant commercial opportunity for Adaptimmune. To give you some idea of tthey numbers taking MRCLS and synovial sarcoma togettheyr, ttheyre are around 2,400 incidents in tthey United States is around 2,400 patients, and we think tthey same again in Europe. So that would give you nearly 5,000 patients across that. Of course, we are HLA restricted, which reduces tthey number by slightly over half. And ttheyn of those patients, up to 75% of ttheym present MAGE-A4. So ttheir is quite a substantial commercial opportunity for tthey company. Tthey next-generation ADP-A2M4, ttheir results in very extensive translational data informing us about how to make our T-cells more potent. We're going to start a SURPASS trial imminently. Tthey IND has been filed. Ttheir is our next-generation ADP-A2M4CD8.  We've attactheyd CD8 to CD4 cells, which Rafael will explain later, and that's wtheyre tthey IND has been filed. And ttheyn furttheyr, we're going to continue tthey expansion phases for both M4 and M10, and we're also adding a low radiation substudy of ADP-A2M4 at tthey MD Anderson Cancer Center. So tthey continuing studies carry on as ttheyy are, and we are initiating tthey SPEARHEAD study, tthey SURPASS study and tthey low radiation substudy. And with that introduction, I'd like to pass over to our President of R&D, Rafael Amado. Rafael Amado Thank you, James. Thank you everybody today for turning into our call. During my remarks, I will review tthey data with ADP-A2M4, both in sarcoma and non-sarcoma indications, ADP-A2M10 and ADP-A2AFP. We'll discuss our plans for a Phase II trial in sarcoma and tthey first trial of our first generation product – second generation product. Next slide, so ttheir table is a summary of what James told you about our sarcoma results. We have treated, as of today, 10 patients. And we have imaging results in all, but two of ttheyse patients who actually have been scanned ttheir week. Tthey majority of patients had high to very-high expression of MAGE-A4, except for patient seven, whose tumor had low-to-moderate expression and did not respond to treatment. Tthey majority of ttheyse patients received a high dose of transduced cells, except for patient five who received 4.5 billion cells and had stable disease with significant disease reduction. Three patients had partial responses that were confirmed at least four weeks after tthey first assessment performed at week six. Ttheyse are patients one to three. And one additional patient, patient number four, has had a partial response and is awaiting confirmatory scan. So four responses, three of which are confirmed out of eight patients assessed to date. Three patients had stable disease as ttheyir best overall response and one patient had progressive disease. Of tthey patients with stable disease, two patients had a decrease in ttheyir tumor size: Patient number five, who had a significant decrease to minus 27% for at least three months and is symptomatically improved; and patient number 6, whose week 6 CAT scan showed a 15% decrease in SLD, and we're awaiting furttheyr imaging studies. Two patients have had an increase in tumor size, one had stable disease and tthey ottheyr patient had progressive disease as best overall response. Tthey first of those patients is patient number seven, who had relatively low expression. And as I mentioned above, tthey second patient is patient number eight, who although had a high expression of MAGE-A4, their cells did not grow optimally during culture. Tthey last three patients were treated with an increased dose of cyclophosphamide in tthey lymphodepletion regimen, and we expect to continue to treat patients with higtheyr conditioning regimen for tthey remainder of ttheir pilot study, both for sarcoma and ottheyr tumor types. All patients received four days of fludarabine at 30 milligrams per meter square per day, with appropriate dose reductions for renal function as needed.  And theyre we see tthey waterfall plots and spider plots for all tthey patients for whom response assessment was available as of tthey end of April. As mentioned before, tthey majority of patients had a decrease in tumor size with four patients having had a partial response out of ttheyse eight patients.  Tthey spider plots show that all tthey patients that had an initial reduction in tumor size continued to display disease reduction. Although patient number three has a slight upward inflection at week 12, their disease burden continues to decrease. And as is tthey case with ottheyr patients, their symptoms have significantly improved. Ttheyrefore, although tthey follow-up is short for most of ttheyse patients, tthey data indicates that ADP-A2M4 is highly active in tthey treatment of refractory patients with synovial sarcoma. Tthey next slide shows tthey swimmer plots for all 10 patients treated to date ordered by tthey length of follow-up. As shown before, all tthey responding patients continue to maintain ttheyir response; two patients, who have tthey disease assessment ttheir week, as I mentioned, and we continue to enroll with synovial sarcoma in ttheir pilot trial as well as with patients with ottheyr tumors. Tthey patient with stable disease and relatively low MAGE-A4 expression, patient number 7, had stable disease, became symptomatic with pain and underwent surgical resection and has had disease control for 26 weeks post infusion without any ttheyrapy. All of ttheyse patients have advanced disease, which is progressing and is essentially incurable. But theyre we see that tthey vast majority of patients tumors are shrinking after treatment, which is essentially ttheyrapy currently available. Factors that appear to influence response, include cell dose, antigen expression level, and, as shown in tthey next slide, persistence. We measure persistence of SPEAR T-cells in periptheyral blood on multiple time points in all patients. As we saw previously with NY-ESO and has been seen in several CAR-T studies, patients with responses tend to display a higtheyst number of SPEAR T-cells in tthey periptheyral blood, and ttheir numbers remains high over time. We were very pleased to see patients with sustained numbers of over 100,000 copies per microgram of DNA, which we had not seen before, and some of ttheyse patients approactheyd almost one million copies. Ttheir data indicates that SPEAR T-cells in responding patients increase in numbers post infusion after migrating to tthey tumor and being exposed to MAGE-A4 tumor antigen, and ttheir is exactly what you would like to see, which is tumor antigen-driven T-cell expansion. In tthey following slides, we will illustrate a couple of cases wtheyre translational studies have aided in understanding tthey mechanism of antitumor activity, let's start it by ADP-A2M4. Ttheyse graphs represent killing assays for two of our patients. Tthey graph on tthey left is from patient three and was performed with SPEAR T-cells isolated not from tthey blood, but from a malignant pleural effusion four days post infusion. Tthey one on tthey right is from patient seven, who had, as I mentioned before, best overall response of disease progression. Ttheir patient had, as I mentioned, moderately low MAGE-A4 tumor expression. In ttheir case, their SPEAR T-cells were isolated from periptheyral blood and not from tthey tumor site. And ttheyse assays, we performed ttheym as follows: Various sources of SPEAR T-cells are exposed to MAGE-A4-positive cells, in ttheir case it's a cell line, and tthey ability of tthey T-cells to kill tthey target is measured by counting tthey target cells that survive over time. So ttheyrefore, an increase in cell survival represents poor killing and poor activity of tthey T-cell. And ttheir is what you see in tthey curves that grow, such as in gray; and a flatter curve means that tthey SPEAR T-cells are highly active.  As you can see in tthey graph, cells from theyalthy donor containing ADP-A2M4 are able to kill targets very effectively, and those are shown in lines with tthey red dots on both graphs. In contrast, cells from a normal donor or a cell selected from tthey patient sample, which do not contain tthey TCR, are unable to kill and ttheyrefore tthey cells proliferate, and you can see an upward trend in ttheyse curves in tthey gray lines at tthey top in both graphs. So patient number three underwent a pleural tap, as I mentioned before, because they became severely short of breath four days post infusion, and a ctheyst x-ray showed massive fluid accumulation in their left lung. Tthey fluid contained many cancer cells and many T-cells, and ttheyse T-cells were selected for expression of CD8 and for expression of tthey TCR MAGE-A4. So ttheyrefore, ttheyy are CD8-positive SPEAR T-cells, and ttheyir ability to kill MAGE-A4-positive T-cell is shown in tthey blue line. Ttheyrefore, ttheyse cells have migrated to tthey tumor and exhibit potent antitumor activity. Ttheir is in contrast to tthey SPEAR T-cells isolated from tthey blood in patient number seven. Interestingly, although tthey manufacture product that was infused in ttheir patient was also very effective in killing target cells, as you can see in tthey line with tthey orange circles, blood SPEAR T-cells selected from periptheyral blood exhibited core killing against MAGE-A4-positive cells. Ttheir may be why tthey patient cells did not expand in tthey presence of antigen, and why ttheir tumor did not really respond to tthey infusion. We routinely perform ttheir and ottheyr translation assays on patient samples, and ttheyse experiments are theyalthy enough to determine tthey optimal manufacturing conditions for SPEAR T-cells, and we're applying ttheyse learnings to our pilot trial as well as pilot trial as well as to future studies.  Ttheir slide shows tthey baseline and week six scans of patient number one, who had a confirmed response. Ttheir is a 53-year-old man, who had a longstanding theirtory of synovial sarcoma, was treated with surgery, radiottheyrapy and multiple ctheymottheyrapy regimens, and developed metastatic disease three years after their initial diagnosis. His tumor expresses MAGE-A4 at very high level, as I showed you in tthey table, and tthey patient had a very high disease burden. He received a medium dose of cyclophosphamide and almost 10 billion transduced SPEAR T-cells.  Tthey patient did well post infusion, had Grade 1 cytokine relief syndrome. And their baseline CAT scan, can be shown on tthey top row, displays very extensive disease in tthey lung and multiple pleural-based tumor masses. In contrast, tthey week six scan, which is shown in tthey bottom, shows dramatically smaller tumor bulk with one very large pleural-based lesion shown in tthey middle panel, having disappeared at week six. Indeed, ttheir patient had a confirmed response with 86% decrease in tthey size of their target lesions and significant symptom improvement. Tthey next slide is imaging studies from patient number three. He is a 42-year old man diagnosed at tthey age of 25, who recently developed metastatic disease. So ttheir highlights tthey difficult nature of tthey theirtory of ttheyse tumors, which may occur many, many years after tthey diagnosis. A lot with ttheyse patients live in fear that ttheyir disease may come back even though ttheyy have been in remission for many years. Tthey tumor has moderate expression of MAGE-A4 and they had a very large disease burden, which is obvious in tthey CAT scan. He received almost 10 billion SPEAR T-cells and tolerated tthey infusion well except for Grade 2 cytokine release syndrome and cytopenias. Ttheir patient was very, very symptomatic with severe short of breath at rest due to massive accumulation of fluid in tthey pleural space, and we have seen tthey results of tthey active SPEAR T-cells in tthey pleural fluid a couple of slides ago. Tthey patient had very high peak persistence indicating expansion of SPEAR T-cells in tthey presence of tumor. And theyre, we see their CAT scan at baseline week-six and week-twelve. He had massive tumor in tthey lung, particularly in tthey left lung, which is displacing tthey midline structures of tthey ctheyst, including tthey major blood vessels towards tthey right and compressing tthey right lung. You can see tthey massive compression in tthey left lower quadrant. And at week-six, tthey tumor has dramatically decreased in size, and ttheir fact is much more pronounced at week-twelve. Already at week-six, tthey structures at tthey center of tthey ctheyst are in tthey normal position and tthey patient's lung has expanded, as you can see, in tthey middle bottom and they has not required anymore pleural effusions and their shortness of breath has essentially disappeared. Next slide. So based on ttheyse clear results, we have designed a Phase II study to explore tthey efficacy and safety of ADP-A2M4 in patients with both synovial sarcoma and myxoid/round cell liposarcoma. Ttheir study will be a single-arm trial performed in approximately 24 centers in North America and Europe. It will include approximately 60 patients dosed. Tthey primary endpoint will be response rate assessed by independent review. We will perform an interim analysis for futility, which will be excluded if three or more patients have confirmed responses among tthey first 15 patients. Patients will receive lymphodepletion with four days of fludarabine and a high dose of cyclophosphamide, and will qualify for tthey study if ttheyy have tumor that expresses MAGE-A4 at least two plus or three plus in 30% of tthey cells. Manufacturing of tthey vector, vector comparability, cell comparability, product stability and many ottheyr CMC requirements have already been performed. Tthey protocol has been written and submitted to tthey FDA IND and through sites, and we anticipate enrolling tthey first patient in tthey second half of 2019. Slide 19 will show us ADP-A2M4 in tumors ottheyr than synovial sarcoma. For ttheir analysis, we have limited tthey inclusion to those patients that receive treatment in group three and doing tthey expansion phase of tthey pilot trial. As James mentioned earlier, Cohorts 1 and 2 had already been presented at ESMO last year. And in those groups, ttheyre was evidence of antitumor activity in one patient with ovarian cancer with stable disease, who had a 27% decrease in tthey size of liver metastasis. Tthey Slide 20 shows a summary of antitumor activity observed in non-sarcoma patients in ttheir pilot trial. As you can see, tthey number of patients that were treated to date outside of tthey sarcoma group has been relatively small in ttheir high-dose groups, and ttheyre are still very few patients of any given tumor type. Ttheyre is a total of seven patients treated all with disease assessment post baseline. Of ttheir, three patients had stable disease at best overall and three patients had disease progression. However, one of ttheyse patients with disease progression has had a significant response on tthey index lesion in tthey liver, and tthey patient's CT scan is shown tthey next slide. He is a 51-year-old man with metastatic melanoma diagnosed three years ago, who has had a lot of ttheyrapies, they had disseminated disease, has received surgery, radiation ttheyrapy, ctheyckpoint inhibitors, experimental immunottheyrapy and ottheyrs. His tumor was 100% three plus, ttheir was on archival tissue for MAGE-A4 expansion, and they received 10 billion transduced SPEAR T-cells. He did well post infusion with evidence of Grade 1 CRS and cytopenia, and they actually felt markedly better a few weeks post infusion Disease assessment revealed a decrease in tthey size of tthey liver lesion of over 20% at week six and a decrease of 40% at week 10 compared to baseline, which is shown in tthey slide as well as disappearance of a pelvic non-target lesion. However, tthey patient had tthey emergence of new lesion, and by RECIST they was declared disease progressor. Tthey patient continues to feel well symptomatically. SPEAR T-cells have been isolated from periptheyral blood and show moderate killing activity against target cells. So ttheir is ttheyrefore an example of a patient outside of sarcoma with SPEAR T-cells that had traffic to tthey tumor and exerted clear antitumor activity. Let us now move to tthey experience with ADP-A2M10. Ttheir program has two studies, one in lung cancer and one in three tumors, namely theyad and neck; bladder, and melanoma. Patients from Cohort 3 and expansion are shown in tthey table in tthey next slide. We have treated two patients with non-small cell lung cancer in group three and two patients with theyad and neck cancer, two patients with bladder cancer and one patient with melanoma in group three and expansion of tthey triple tumor. Expression of MAGE-A10 is variable reflecting tthey lower frequency of MAGE-A10-positive patients compared to MAGE-A4. Five patients had stable disease and three patients have had disease progression as ttheyir best overall response. Antitumor activity was observed in both lung cancer patients, tthey first of ttheyse patients is patient number one and is shown twice because they received two infusions 15 weeks apart. After tthey first infusion, they had a maximum decrease in tthey sum of longest diameter of 25%. And ttheyn after tthey second infusion, they had a CAT scan four weeks later, just recently, and tthey SLD decrease was 28%. So week four, ttheir patient had a near PR with all target lesions decreasing in size and a change in appearance of tthey tumor, as you'll see in couple of slides. Ttheir slide shows tthey spider plot of tthey patients treated in MAGE-A10. One patient with bladder cancer had stable disease for about six months with disease control after an initial increase in tumor size. Ttheir patient was clearly progressing prior to coming into tthey study. As mentioned above, one lung cancer patient, patient number one, had clear evidence of antitumor activity; and tthey second patient, patient number two, they had a transient decrease in their tumor size, but progressed at week eight and was taken off study. So let's move on to patient number one. Here, tthey images for ttheir non-small cell lung cancer patient, who in tthey past had been treated with ctheymottheyrapy only, their tumor has very high MAGE-A10 expression, and they also has a very high disease burden with multiple metastatic deposits in tthey ctheyst and in tthey lymph nodes. He has received 6 billion cells in tthey first infusion and 5 billion cells in tthey second infusion, both preceded by lymphodepletion. During tthey second infusion, tthey patient received – or prior to tthey second infusion, tthey patient received high dose of cyclophosphamide. As I said before, their tumor first decreased by 23% in tthey first scan at week four, by 25% at week 14. And four weeks after tthey second infusion, which was given 16 weeks after tthey first infusion, tthey patient has had a furttheyr response of 28%. Of note, after tthey second infusion, tthey patient developed severe skin rash, which was attributed to graft-versus-host disease and later thought be a skin – or drug reaction. However, tthey patient was treated with high-dose steroids, which, as you know, are toxic to T lymphocytes, including SPEAR T-cells, and perhaps immune response was dampened by tthey use of high-dose steroids. Ttheyse have now been tapered as their skin rattheyys rapidly resolved, and we're looking forward to furttheyr assessment on ttheir patient. Let us now move to our experience with ADP-A2AFP. Tthey TCR arose concerns for its potential to cause liver toxicity because AFP is expressed in normal theypatocytes and many patients with theypatoma had compromised underlying liver function. So tthey study has proceeded slowly. We've affirmed a series of analysis that led us to conclude that AFP expression in non-tumor liver is very rare. And given that tthey ability of ttheir TCR is lower than ADP-A2M4 and M10, we have proceeded very cautiously with ttheir program, enrolling patients only with normal or mildly compromised liver function and excluding patients whose normal liver expresses AFP. So we biopsy every patient and exclude patients if tthey normal liver is positive for AFP under immunotheirtoctheymistry. So to date, we have treated three patients and tthey first two were presented at AACR, and I refer you to that presentation for details. Given that ttheyre was no evidence of antitumor activity at 100 million cells with tthey ottheyr TCRs and ttheyre was no theypatotoxicity in tthey first two patients, tthey Safety Review Committee agreed to advance tthey study to group two, wtheyre patients would receive 1 billion cells, and we have treated one patient in ttheir group, but I'll show you some data on that patient in tthey next couple of slides. So tthey first patient in group two was treated with 1.1 billion cells. Sthey is a 55-year-old woman without theirtory of underlying liver disease, who has a massive liver mass diagnosed in June of 2017. Sthey has received a lot of treatments, as you see in tthey slide, including ctheyckpoint inhibitors, with both CT – anti-CTLA-4, anti-PD-L1, sorafenib which is standard, and experimental ttheyrapy with an FGF receptor 4 inhibitor, all without evidence of response. In spite of theyr large disease burden, tthey patient actually has a very good performance status but theyr baseline AFP is massively high at 172,000 international units per mL. Sthey received lymphodepletion and had an uneventful post infusion course with evidence of changes in liver function – without evidence of changes in liver function, which is incredibly important for ttheir program as I mentioned before. And note on day 17, theyr AFP has a undergone dramatic, but transient drop to about 32,000. And ttheir AFP response kinetics are shown in tthey slide. As you can see tthey pace of tthey disease had been quickening during theyr experimental treatment but ttheyn ttheyy had ttheir precipitous drop after dose infusion. Ttheir drop was also accompanied by a decrease in tthey size of theyr mediastinal lymphadenopathy, which is shown in tthey next slide. Ttheir CAT scan shows baseline at week four, and it shows a very large metastatic lymph node, which is impinging in tthey great vessels, which appears decreased in size at week four. Ottheyr lesions in tthey mediastinal area appear decreased in size as well. Tthey large liver mass, not shown theyre, appears to – unchanged in size, displaying very theyterogeneous enhancement. So ttheir is tthey first patient we have treated in group two during tthey safety phase of ttheir dose escalation study. We're really not looking for responses while we dose escalate. We are very concerned with ensuring that ttheyre is no theypatotoxicity, but obviously we look for activity in terms of AFP and imaging studies. And we will continue to enroll up to three patients at 1 billion cells in group two and ttheyn we'll commence enrollment in group three at 5 billion cells. Let us now turn to overall safety tthey SPEAR T-cell program. In general, tthey treatments have been well tolerated without substantial toxicity. Ttheyre has been no evidence of cross-reactivity against antigen or peptide outside of tthey tumor tissue, which is testament to tthey effectiveness of our thorough safety tissue and molecular screening. Moreover, as I mentioned before, AFP has been deemed safe, most adverse events are related to cytopenias. Cytokine release syndrome has been of low rate in general, with a rate of approximately 39% out of 44 patients. Tthey rate of Grade 3 or 4 was low at 4.5%. We have seen two cases of low-grade encephalopathy manifested by confusion, which resolved spontaneously, and we have seen no cases of seizures or cerebral edema. And we continue to treat patients in tthey existing pilot trial with high doses of lymphodepletion and SPEAR T-cells. So ttheyrefore, although tthey follow-up is not long, tthey benefit-risk in – for ADP-A2M4 appears to be very favorable in patients with synovial sarcoma, who have exhausted standard ttheyrapy, and a Phase 2 study will be launctheyd soon. And we believe that tthey second generation vectors may improve upon tthey benefit-risk observed with tthey SPEAR T-cells in anottheyr indications. We have a very active program to improve tthey function of SPEAR T-cells. Ttheir program is aimed to improve activity of tthey cells of tthey tumor site and to address low target expression in some tumors as well as to improve trafficking and to tthey elicit tthey spread of antitumor immunity. Tthey first and second generation product to enter tthey clinic will be ADP-A2M4CD8. And in ttheir cartoon, tthey strategy is shown as follows. Cancer cells present HLA class IV molecules on tthey surface and a fragment of an antigen, in ttheir case tthey MAGE-A4 antigen, is processed and loaded onto tthey group of ttheir HLA molecule. And ttheir serves as a flag to tthey SPEAR T-cell, which is introduced into both CD4 and CD8 cells during tthey manufacturing process. CD8 cells bear tthey CD8 coreceptor, which stabilizes tthey interaction between tthey TCR and tthey HLA peptide complex, allowing tthey CD8 cells to get activated and release cytokines and granules that lead to cell death. However, CD4 cells lack ttheir CD8 coreceptor, and ttheyrefore are naturally less able to kill target cells. So our second-generation product provides CD8 to tthey CD4 cells, allowing ttheym to become effective killers of tumor cells. In addition, CD4s can now perform a variety of ottheyr functions that amplify tthey immune response against cancer cells. And ttheir slide illustrates tthey enhanced killing of ADP-A2M4CD8. Tthey panel on tthey bottom right shows target cells that are MAGE-A4 positive and are incubated with T-cells that do not bear tthey MAGE-A4 TCR on tthey very left. Ttheir very first panel shows cell growth that overwtheylms tthey culture. In tthey second panel, tthey cells are incubated with our first generation TCR, tthey one that's currently in tthey clinic. And you can see that after initial period of growth, tthey SPEAR T-cells infiltrate tthey sptheyroids and control tthey growth of ttheyse tumor cells. Tthey third column, however, shows what happens wtheyn tthey SPEAR T-cells containing ADP-A2M4CD8 are mixed with tumor cells. Now because both CD4 and CD8 cells are able to effectively kill, tthey cell sptheyroid is destroyed after initial expansion. Ttheir assay does not test tthey potential advantages of ttheir TCR in terms of providing CD4 theylp, eliciting antitumor immunity to ottheyr access of tthey immune system, but it shows how killing is enhanced and illustrates that ttheir graft will be more potent cancer killers, and we expect that ttheyse results will bear out in our clinical trial. Tthey description of ttheir clinical trial is shown in tthey slide. Ttheir will be, as I said, our first trial and it's named SURPASS. It will enroll approximately 30 patients with tthey same tumor types, as our current MAGE-A4 pilot trial, and we will have tthey opportunity to expand cohorts of individual tumor types if a signal arises. Tthey primary endpoint is safety and tolerability and tthey secondary endpoint will be antitumor activity as measured by response and time-to-event endpoint. We will incorporate a high lymphodepleting regimen and accrue only patients with moderate to high MAGE-A4 expression. We will have three groups, tthey dose escalation phase will start at a higtheyr dose, 1 billion transduced SPEAR T-cells moving between 1.2 billion to 3 billion to a final Cohort of 3 to 6, and additional patients will be able to be enrolled up to 10 billion cells during tthey expansion. After a successful pre-IND interaction, tthey IND was submitted a few weeks ago. We now have vector available for tthey second generation construct, and we expect to initiate dosing patients ttheir year. We are designing additional translational assays to assess tthey contribution of CD4 SPEAR T-cells to antitumor activity in tthey second generation program, including tthey presence of antigenic spread mediated by CD4 stimulation. Next slide. Our current study remains ongoing. We have developed a substudy of our pilot trial, which I wanted to mention to you. It includes low-dose radiation, and ttheir is due to findings that emerged out of our alliance partner, MD Anderson as well as ottheyr investigators, Memorial Sloan Kettering and ottheyr centers. Ttheyse observations essentially have shown that although tthey mechanism of action is not well understood, T-cells are able to penetrate tumor deposits after low dose radiottheyrapy to metastatic lesions. Ttheir appears to be due to tthey disruption of tthey tumor microenvironment, which allows easier traffic, you know, tthey T-cells into ttheir irradiated metastasis. We have ttheyrefore designed a single-institution protocol. Tthey protocol amendment has been reviewed by FDA and it's undergoing final review at MD Anderson Cancer Center. We'll enroll 10 patients with various malignancies, who will receive very low radiottheyrapy 7 grays per lesion prior to lymphodepletion followed by SPEAR T-cell infusion, and we will measure differential trafficking and response between irradiated and non-irradiated lesions and ttheir may form tthey basis of future studies. Next slide. We have learned an enormous amount from NY-ESO study, wtheyre we treated close to 100 patients, and our own pipeline, wtheyre we've treated over 45 patients in terms of clinical results and translation results. And we plan to apply all ttheyse learnings to ttheyse upcoming studies. We know that tthey doses and types of preconditioning are very important. We know that gamma-chain cytokines, which are substances that promote tthey expansion of SPEAR T-cells, increase in tthey blood with increasing doses of fludarabine, and we have optimized tthey conditioning dose for best activity. We know that tthey doses of SPEAR T-cells is also very important, and we now routinely manufacture up to 10 billion cells and beyond in many of our patients. As you saw in our sarcoma experience, tthey vast majority of patients received about 10 billion cells, and ttheir is now routine in our manufacturing facility. We know that ttheyre is variability in tthey study material, and that ttheir variability depends on patient's underlying disease, patient's age and ottheyr prior theirtory, such as prior ttheyrapies, but in general, we have been able to isolate SPEAR T-cells from patients with a variety of tumor types. Cell dose alone also not enough. We've learned that cells have to have tthey right ptheynotype and to be able to proliferate and retain ttheir proliferative capacity. And in order to do that, we're looking to do some variety of changes in our manufacturing process to maximize efficiency as well as killing with SPEAR T-cells. Eventually, we will have a homogeneous product with our off-tthey-ttheyylf program, which has been recently presented at ASGCT, and we have a lot of people in research dedicated to ttheir program, which holds great promise. We know that it is essential that SPEAR T-cells traffic to tthey site of tumor to accept killing, and we have demonstrated ttheir ptheynomenon with assays, such as digital PCR, which we routinely perform in-house, RNAscope which is also performed in-house, and we have a very high rate of biopsy sample collection, thanks to our great investigational partners. Our two studies, that I just described, tthey second generation and radiottheyrapy study, will enhance trafficking to tthey tumor site by using feeder cells and disrupting tthey tumor microenvironment. So we hope that ttheir research will continue to inform tthey best way to improve tthey benefit-risk of our ttheyrapies. And lastly, we have a preclinical program developing TCS against new targets, which are much more commonly expressed and cancer testis antigens, and we hope to update you on ttheyse targets in future updates. So our evolving pipeline is currently as follows: A pilot trial with ADP-A2M4 and its radiation substudy will continue throughout tthey second half of ttheir year, and we hope to report additional results as data matures; we will launch a Phase II study in synovial sarcoma and MRCLS termed SPEARHEAD, as I mentioned before, aiming to a file a BLA and launch in 2022; we will initiate tthey first second-generation trial with ADP-A2M4, modified to coexpress CD8 alpha, a new product that has required an IND and has been submitted recently. Fortunately, maker for expression is abundant enough that we believe we can have ttheyse three trials enrolling at tthey same time. Tthey two MAGE-A10 trials will continue to enroll until tthey end of tthey year to more fully assess tthey potential of ttheir product after modification, such as high-dose ctheymottheyrapy, high-expressing patients and high-fill doses. And lastly, our theypatoma trial is gaining momentum with new centers opened in Europe and tthey United States, and we expect to finish dose escalation ttheir year. I'd like to thank all tthey employees of Adaptimmune, especially tthey CMC and R&D employees, who have made ttheir transformational progress possible. I believe that we are very well on our way to make ttheir TCR-based gene ttheyrapy a reality for patients. And with ttheir, I thank you, and I'll pass it on to James for some final remarks. James Noble Thanks very much, Rafael, for taking us through, say, compretheynsively what is really quite a complicated set of programs in multitude of diseases and several products. So I'm just going to try and bring it togettheyr and tell you about what's going to come up in tthey next period. So if one takes it on Slide 38, looking forward in tthey second half of ttheir year, we will start that SPEARHEAD study – tthey SPEARHEAD-1 study that Rafael has just mentioned in synovial sarcoma and MRCLS. We'll start tthey SURPASS study, our first-ever generation-2 program. Tthey radiation substudy will start. But we are still going to get furttheyr data from both ADP-A2M10 and ADP-A2M4 trials in tthey existing cohorts, which we'll continue. By tthey first half of next year, we should obviously be seeing durability of tthey sarcoma responses, which will be tthey next stage in seeing wtheyre we are with that program. You should have quite a lot more data we hope on tthey AFP program by ttheyn, and we'll have tthey safety and response data from tthey SURPASS study and tthey SPEARHEAD-1 interim futility, which to just remind you, if we get three responses in tthey first 15 patients; wouldn't we get three responses, ttheyn futility will be – have been passed and we'll carry on with tthey rest of tthey study. And ttheyn, of course, just to remind you to pick up some of tthey things that Rafael mentioned, tthey allogeneic program really is going extremely well. I'd like you all to look at tthey press release we put out last week and tthey data ttheyre. We've got new targets to go in tthey clinic and ttheyre will be data from multiple programs. So I'd like to summarize by saying what I started with, which is that I'm really excited to be presenting such compelling data with our wholly-owned ADP-A2M4 program in synovial sarcoma to have got partial responses in four out of five patients based – treated with 10 billion cells. It's really remarkable and is very refractory patient population and we are really excited by that. We've seen tumor shrinkage in nearly all of tthey assessed synovial sarcoma patients. So we really think ttheir is an active molecule and a very horrible, unmet medical need. With that, we're initiating our first-ever major trial, our SPEARHEAD-1 trial, in synovial sarcoma and MRCLS. And as Rafael said, that's going to start in tthey second half. We've seen tumor shrinkage in ottheyr solid tumors, including melanoma, lung, ovarian and liver cancer with ADP-A2M4, M10 and AFP. So we're seeing activity across a broad range of tumors, and we already have our next-generation, more potent TCR with an IND file and ready to go with tthey SURPASS study in tthey second half of tthey year, so – and we hope that, that will transform tthey currently observed activity in epittheylial tumors into durable responses. So we're really excited, and we have a real firm aim in our sites to become tthey first company to launch T-cell ttheyrapy in 2022 in solid tumors. So with that, we'll stop tthey formal part of tthey proceedings. And Juli, can I invite you to deal with tthey questions? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Jonathan Chang with SVB Leerink. You may proceed. Jonathan Chang Hi, thanks for taking my questions. First question, can you talk about why sarcoma seems to be wtheyre you are seeing better clinical efficacy versus ottheyr tumor types? How much of it is a function of cell dose and ottheyr factors, and how much of it is tthey tumor type? Rafael Amado Hi, Jonathan. It's obviously tthey critical question that we've been pondering. So we know that TCRs can be active in epittheylial tumors. Ttheyre have been reports from ottheyrs, as you know, from tthey NCI and ottheyr centers that lung cancer, rectal, breast cancer, ttheyse are all highly publicized reports. So that really feels our energy to really crack ttheir to really be able to get TCRs active in epittheylial cells. And I think we are on our way to show you with some of tthey tumor types, such as lung cancer, near response, patient with ovarian cancer, melanoma, it's not an epittheylial tumor, but also responses ttheyre beyond sarcoma. We think that sarcoma is probably more of an ideal tumor with cancer testis antigens because tthey target is expressed much more uniformly than it is for ttheyse epittheylial tumors. It is a conjecture, but it seems to be very now in terms of tthey number of cells that express tthey target and tthey density of target expression being much higtheyr. And that's in contrast with ottheyr epittheylial tumors, wtheyre ttheyre's a lot more theyterogeneity. So activity against epittheylial tumors using CT antigens relies very theyavily on high expression or tthey ability of T-cell to engender a broader antitumor response, such as getting immunity against ottheyr antigens. And that's really what inspire us to really move forward with tthey CD8 alpha program because we think that CD4s are going to be a lot more functional by bearing CD8 and being able to engage, not just tumor cells that express M4, but also antigen present in cells which will amplify tthey immune response. So obviously dose matters, as we mentioned before, but I think in ttheir case, it may be tthey antigen itself and theyterogeneity of expression. And we have data that we will publish on about differences in theyterogeneity between epittheylial tumor and mesangial tumors like sarcoma and in terms of tthey cancer testis antigens. Jonathan Chang Got it. Thanks for tthey color. Second question. As you plan to initiate additional clinical studies, including SPEARHEAD-1 with 60 patients, can you talk about your current manufacturing capabilities and clinical execution capabilities, and reasons for confidence that you'll be able to conduct tthey study in a timely manner? James Noble In case, I'll ask Ad Rawcliffe, our CFO, who is responsible for manufacturing, to talk about capacity, and ttheyn Rafael may add some points after. Ad Rawcliffe So, as you know, our Navy Yard facility in Philadelphia is fully up to speed and is able to produce, as we talked about before, 10 patients per month, and we supplement that with our capacity for cell manufacturing with our partner, HCATS, who also have an equivalent capacity. And that is absolutely sufficient and is working very well, and able to produce cells up to tthey 10 billion dose and beyond, as Rafael and James talked about. And so that will be sufficient for tthey current clinical programs. And is also worth noting that tthey Navy Yard facility can be expanded. We have far less space theyre, which for a modest investment would enable us to add capacity for commercialization at least for a small indication. It's also worth pointing out that tthey vector supply is critically important. And theyre as well we have a jewel sourcing strategy with our in-house facility at Catapult in Stevenage in tthey UK, supplemented by a commercial vector partner, and I am pleased to let everybody know that we have vector sufficient for all of tthey trials that we are currently running. Rafael Amado So, Jonathan, on tthey execution side, we've been working on ttheir trial for almost a year assuming that we were going to see ttheir level of activity because ttheir is a more potent TCR than NY-ESO TCR. So we obviously were hoping for ttheyse results. And so as it was said, an enormous amount of work that needed to be done on tthey manufacturing side, we knew about it because we had prepared for a pivotal trial with NY-ESO and had extensive dialogue with FDA and tthey same in terms of trial design. So ttheir Phase II study has been in tthey work for quite some time and tthey same with site engagement. We, for instance, are asking sites to hold some patients for tthey SPEARHEAD trial and ttheyy actually want to treat ttheym right away in tthey pilot trial because ttheyy are pretty impressed with what ttheyy are seeing. But as soon as SPEARHEAD opens at ttheyir site, ttheyy will start enrolling. So our team, many of ttheym were involved in tthey development of pazopanib, so we know tthey sarcoma community quite well, obviously, with [indiscernible] NY-ESO trials in sarcoma. And we have now tthey ability manufacturing as well as execution-wise to tthey trials in Europe, wtheyre ttheyre's really high source of patients as tthey sarcoma communities is pretty well organized in tthey European continent. So we're very confident that we're going to be able to have access to ttheyse patients and deliver ttheir study as planned. Jonathan Chang Thanks. And one more question, if I may. Can you talk about tthey safety experience associated with higtheyr-dose levels being used? I think you mentioned at one point GvHD with a MAGE-A10 patients, did I theyar that correctly? And can you provided any more color on tthey overall safety experience? Thank you. Rafael Amado Yes. So GvHD in our experience had only been seen in a multiple myeloma study that involved autologous stem cell transplant followed by NY-ESO transduced T-cells. And GvHD is not uncommon in autologous transplant. Obviously, it's much more common in allogeneic transplant, but it can't be seen in autologous transplant. We had not seen it everywtheyre else, and it was very surprising wtheyn ttheir MAGE-A10 patient was diagnosed with GvHD, and tthey basis of tthey diagnosis was an extensive eczematous rash. So wtheyn we received tthey assay, we queried it and we've been following tthey patient asking for additional testing, which included a biopsy, which showed no features consistent with GvHD, but features consistent more with a drug-induced rash. So initially tthey patient was treated with steroids and ttheyn tthey steroids were quickly tapered. So in essence, ttheyre has been no GvHD cases in any of our studies with our proprietary products. Overall, tthey high-cell dose has not resulted in any changes in safety, tthey increase in ctheymottheyrapy, and we've increased tthey cyclophosphamide, tthey fludarabine had been increased already, result in slightly longer neutropenia and deeper neutropenia. We've had one or two patients with febrile neutropenia that have been treated successfully with antibiotics and growth factors and ttheyy recovered. So in general, it's been well tolerated, and we expect that it will be well tolerated in sarcoma, especially because patients are younger. So no real change to our patent, most graft-versus-host disease – most CRS events are Grade 1 and 2 and ttheyy are manifested monthly by fevers. Jonathan Chang Great. Thanks for taking tthey question. Operator And our next question comes from Marc Frahm with Cowen and Company. You may proceed. Marc Frahm Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on tthey efficacy data. You did mention, Rafael, tthey two cases of Grade 3 plus CRS, can you talk about who those patients were, tthey cell numbers ttheyy were getting? And ttheyn kind of related to that, since you had – obviously, numbers are small, but it seems like maybe ttheyre is some enrichment for tthey top end of tthey dosing range getting better responses. Is ttheyre any plans to maybe push tthey top end of tthey range beyond 10 billion in some patients, wtheyre you may be able to manufacture 11 billion, 12 billion cells? Rafael Amado Yes. Good question. So tthey Grade 3 CRS, tthey first one was absolutely at a very low dose in a patient with lung cancer, who was a very first patient that we treated with lung cancer in MAGE-A10 in tthey lung cancer study. We're not really sure wtheyttheyr ttheir patient had in tthey CRS, ttheyy was reported as such, but even tthey investigator agreed that they was confounded – it was a patient that had airway compromised because ttheyre's tumor in tthey neck and ttheyy incubated theyr for mostly for airway protection. However, incubation is – leads to tthey designation of Grade 4 CRS. Sthey also had fever. Sthey had high IL-4. Sthey received tocilizumab and eventually recovered and was activated. So ttheyy may have had a component of CRS, but wtheyttheyr it was Grade 4, I think, is confounded by theyr underlying disease. Tthey ottheyr patient was a patient with sarcoma, who developed fever and transient hypertension, and was treated successfully with tocilizumab. So it's seen occasionally, but identified very quickly in most centers. And in general, we've had almost, I think, universal reversal with tthey use of anti-IL-6 ttheyrapy. In terms of tthey cell dose, it is true that sometimes we manufacture more than 10 billion cells. And so in ttheir study, tthey pilot ADP-A2M4, we are up to 10 billion cells tthey M10 study. We decided to increase up to 15 billion, so that if a patient had more cells manufactured, they or ttheyy could receive ttheym, mainly because we had seen no excess toxicity. And in previous studies like with NY-ESO or tthey NCI, ttheyy have given even 10 billion for higtheyr doses. We however think that 10 billion cells is probably a high enough dose. And we are more concerned now with tthey makeup of tthey cells rattheyr than tthey numbers. So we think that ttheyse numbers can really be enough to traffic to tthey tumor even with small tumor deposits and to exert antitumor activity, but we really want younger fitter cells that have specific markers that allow ttheym to proliferate in response to IL-16 and IL-7, which really go way up in ttheyse patients after conditioning. So we're not just focused on numbers, but also on functionality. And as I mentioned, we've made some changes that have derived from our process development that will be implemented in our two trials both tthey SPEARHEAD and SURPASS trials. So we hope that tthey activity would have been better than what we've seen so far. Marc Frahm Okay. And ttheyn on tthey one case I was – which recorded as GVHD just to be clear on what you're saying about tthey biopsy. Wtheyn you say no evidence of GVHD on biopsy that because ttheyre were no T-cells in tthey – present in tthey skin ttheyre. And did you specifically look for your TCR construct in that biopsy? Rafael Amado We – ttheyre were hardly any T-cells ttheyre. We haven't received a sample yet. Ttheir is relatively recent because tthey patient was treated only four weeks ago. So – but in tthey pathology, ttheyre was – it was clearly not GVHD, and it was clearly diagnosed as drug rash. Marc Frahm Okay. And ttheyn tthey last piece is just with, James, wtheyn you gave those numbers, roughly 2,400 patients in tthey U.S., and you think about 75% of ttheym having MAGE-A4 kind of expression levels that you're looking for. Can you contrast that with NY-ESO, what you've seen in terms of tthey expression? And are ttheyse all tthey same patients that would be eligible for both ttheyrapies? Or is ttheyre some differentiation between tthey two to ttheyir patient populations? James Noble Yes. So I'd obviously say tthey same number of people who got sarcoma in total because tthey 2,400 is before leuko antigen or HLA expression. I think tthey numbers are probably small, but MAGE-A4 does seem to be very well expressed, probably up to 75% is probably higtheyr than NY-ESO, but because NY-ESO, I think, was over 50% from memory, ttheyre must be an overlap of patients. Wtheyttheyr tthey level of expression is tthey same, I'd find that more difficult to answer. But what we have found is, you'll see probably slides that Rafael showed. If you look at tthey scores in tthey three-plus two-plus column in tthey synovial sarcoma, you'll see that a lot of ttheym are very, very high with MAGE-A4. And I think that's probably wtheyre tthey difference lies between tthey two. I mean, if you go down tthey maximum score you can get is 100 three-plus, which is essentially 300 or something called an H-score. If you look down that slide, which was Slide 11, you'll see just look at – don't ignore tthey one-plus column and just look at tthey latter two. Those are all pretty high expresses with tthey exception of number seven, which as you can see from that was one of tthey patients didn't respond particularly well. So we think that high level of expression is better with MAGE-A4 than NY-ESO. Marc Frahm Okay. Thank you. Operator And our next question comes from Peter Lawson with SunTrust. You may proceed. Peter Lawson Thanks for taking tthey question. Congratulations on tthey progress. Just a follow-up. What percentage of tthey synovial sarcoma patients do you think have kind of high levels of expression of tthey MAGE-A4? And ttheyn as we think about tthey SPEARHEAD trial, what's tthey mix of sarcoma – tthey sarcoma patients versus tthey MRCLS patients? And if we've seen any evidence of response in tthey MRCLS patients beyond tthey NY-ESO experience? Rafael Amado Hi, Peter. So tthey synovial sarcoma MAGE-A4 expression at ttheir higtheyr level is probably 60% to 70% to note very dissimilar from NY-ESO. It is slightly lower for MRCLS, close to 50%. We have not yet treated a patient with MRCLS. We have A4's two patients that are undergoing manufacture and we will treat ttheym ttheir month. So we're eagerly awaiting tthey outcome of that, but we hope that with – tthey experience with NY-ESO, if it bears out, we will see activity ttheyre. And we have ottheyr patients identified that are also going to be treated down tthey line. So we expect to have prior to tthey initiation of SPEARHEAD, good experience in both tumor types. Peter Lawson Thank you. And ttheyn what kind of response rates do you think physicians would like to see to adopt cell ttheyrapy in sarcomas? Rafael Amado Well, wtheyn we survey in investigator meetings or individually one-on-one, NY-ESO, ttheyy said ttheyy will go as low as 20% if ttheyy are durable. We obviously wouldn't be happy with a number that low. So we said at least one-third of patients with durability of six to nine months. I can tell you that with ttheir result ttheyre, everybody that we've talked to ttheyir elated, and ttheyy say, ttheyy haven't seen ttheir depth of responses and symptomatic improvements. And so as I mentioned before, we have a futility with three or more. And given ttheyse results, it looks like we clearly will avoid futility. We have retained tthey futility because, yet, we haven't treated MRCLS patients and we want to be assure that we'll see tthey same. But I think, at least, ourselves would be happy if tthey response is at least 30%, but we think that based on what we've seen so far in ttheir pilot trial, it's going to be much higtheyr. Peter Lawson Got it. And ttheyn if any of tthey patients seen experimental small molecules or antibodies prior to your T-cell ttheyrapy? And how do ttheyse patients do? Rafael Amado Some patients have seen immunottheyrapy in tthey context of clinical trial. In general, we have seen no difference in ttheyir ability to respond to cell ttheyrapy in terms of prior theirtory. Almost all of ttheym has had multiple cycles of ctheymottheyrapy and radiation because many of ttheym have had disease for a very long time. So – but it's not approved that you know and it's in our routine to administer anti-PD-1 or anti-CTLA-4. However, ttheyse are academic tertiary centers, wtheyre ttheyse trials are conducted. So a good number of our patients had received during tthey past, but again no influence. Peter Lawson Great. Thanks so much. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Operator And our next question comes from Michael Schmidt with Guggentheyim. You may proceed. Michael Schmidt Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. James, as you mentioned, it sounds like ttheyre are several factors that could influence activity, including tthey cell number plus tthey dose basically, but tthey one thing that you did mention that was important is tthey target expression density and levels. And I was just wondering, going forward, I think you did mention some changes in some of tthey cutoffs that you will be using in terms of target expression. Could you just go through that again? And how that might differ from what you have done so far? James Noble It's an observation, obviously, I don't think ttheyse things are actual exact figures, but it's an observation. And I don't know, if you recall with NY-ESO, we did a low-expressive study as tthey Cohort 2. And it looks as though you're saying tthey same thing whatever you use. And that's if we go below some threshold, which we roughly reckon to be 30% of tthey cells in that NY-ESO Cohort 2. If we're right below that, tthey targeting doesn't really work. So we put a floor into tthey SPEARHEAD study of… Rafael Amado And so 30%, two-plus, three-plus, tthey part of it, Michael, is based on theyterogeneity, but also based on results that come from serial biopsies. So to get into tthey trial, you have to be positive by archival biopsy. And we've seen that everybody gets a baseline biopsy for correlated trials and – sorry, correlated studies, but we don't stain it for tthey antigening question until later on as we do multiple assays and it turns out that patients that enter studies wtheyttheyr it would be in MAGE-A10 or MAGE-A4 and had expression that's less than 30% or 20%. Wtheyn you biopsy ttheyn, again, ttheyir expression is even lower. So patients with low archival tissue expression tend to have even lower at tthey time of dosing, and we want to obviously not treat those patients. So it is possible that patients with less than 30% may respond, but tthey problem is that if it's low to begin with, it's likely that ttheyy are going to lose tthey expression or it will be even lower. And tthey opposite is pain in patients with high expressions. Those patients tend to retain expression between archival and baseline. And in some cases, it goes up. So that experience is really what led us to put a relatively higtheyr threshold for both trials. James Noble In fact, you can see tthey data for yourself if you look at Slides 20 and 23. And if you just take tthey three lung cancer patients, don't try and draw sort of scientific conclusions. But if you look at tthey one with a biggest response, tthey minus 28, that is a 90% three-plus expression. Tthey one who gets tthey next minus 6% is a 25% three-plus and ttheyn one in tthey A4 study who did – who is actually 0%, didn't move at all eittheyr up or down is a 15% one-plus. And those are sort of data we have to work from because ttheyre aren't enough patients to – in individual diseases to extrapolate, but that's tthey sort of information we've been looking at  Michael Schmidt And wtheyn you look at – you look at a very broad range of tumor type at least in tthey A4 study. Just generally speaking, are ttheyre – which solid tumor type do you think have may be beyond sarcoma? Or are ttheyre any correlations? Any tumor types have more antigen expression than ottheyrs, if ttheyre is anything from, I don't know from biomarker data so far? Rafael Amado For MAGE-A4, you can find patients with 100% in any of tthey tumor types that are included in tthey study. But in terms of frequency, bladder cancer tends to be high in terms of proportion of patients with at least 30%. Tthey same for melanoma, theyad and neck and ttheyn tthey rest of ttheym are in tthey mid-teens, if you will, wtheyreas tthey previous ones are in tthey high 20s to low 30s. Michael Schmidt Okay. And ttheyn just going back to tthey sort of tthey commercial opportunity in synovial sarcoma and MRCLS. Of tthey 2,400 patients annual incidents that you mentioned in tthey U.S., like how should we think about those? Is ttheyre a surgery step upfront? I guess, how many those are ineligible for surgery and are actually candidates for systemic treatment? James Noble So tthey question was of tthey 2,400 patients, have – ttheyy had. Ttheyy got ottheyr options. And clearly tthey answer is yes, ttheyy have ottheyr options, first. Rafael Amado Yes, I mean, all patients with metastatic disease or inoperable disease, ttheyy tend to get ifosfamide and doxorubicin or doxorubicin-based ctheymottheyrapy. And most of ttheym get high-dose ifosfamide. And it's very toxic lengthy treatment, varied amount of suppressive. And ttheyn if ttheyy progress, which most of ttheym do, ttheyir response rate to that may be about 1/3 of patients. Upon progression ttheyn ttheyre is a number of products out ttheyre, but ttheyre are salvage ttheyrapies, so some patients get gemcitabine, all ttheyir patients get toxins or all ttheyir patients go to surgery, but ttheyy really – or to experimental ttheyrapy, but ttheyre really are no establittheyyd treatments which is why one line of ttheyrapy is acceptable regulatory-wise for a study like ttheir. Juli Miller Okay. Next question. Operator And our next question comes from Ren Benjamin with Raymond James. You may proceed. Ren Benjamin Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for taking tthey questions and congratulations on tthey data as well. Maybe just starting off, Rafael, you mentioned cell doses, I mean, ttheyre are variety of changes that you're instituting in tthey manufacturing facility, and I think you mentioned in response to a previous question that younger fitter cells is one thing that you're going to be focusing on. Can you just provide a little bit more color on how are you identifying those younger fitter cells? I would have normally just assumed that it would be younger patients that you would need to enroll. But – and how does identifying those and implementing ttheyse changes in tthey manufacturing facility impact tthey overall sort of vein-to-vein time and how long ttheir process is taking? And just as part of that, is ttheyre a difference in manufacturing between MAGE-A4 and MAGE-A10?  James Noble Thank you for tthey question. I think ttheyre is no difference between tthey manufacturing method of MAGE-A4 and MAGE-A10 or indeed AFP, ttheyy're all made in tthey same manner. And what we've – ttheyre is no difference to tthey manufacturing time for – ttheyre is no increase to tthey manufacturing time relatively we're talking about. What we've actually discovered is ttheyre are various tricks, which I'm afraid we're not going to tell you and tthey manufacturing process, which of you do, you end up with cells that appear to be much more active. So some cells, say for example, during tthey manufacturing process, actually to be honest, you can tell by tthey time ttheyy come out of tthey manufacturing process that ttheyy are very unlikely to do very much, and we've now establittheyyd that which is what that Slide 15 was all about. But wtheyn you look at it in patient sometimes, you also end up – if ttheyy end up in a particular state at tthey end of manufacturing, we're pretty clear ttheyy're not going to do much in a patient and we've worked out quite a few of tthey parameters. But I'm afraid ttheyy're confidential to us because ttheyy're very important. Because as you know, tthey key – tthey manufacturing is tthey product to be like and it's really part of tthey – part of our know-how. But it doesn't, in any way, doesn't make tthey process more expensive or difficult or time consuming. It is just a way – it's just some tricks in tthey way of manufacturing, and it can be applied equally to A10, AFP, A4, would be applied to anything. Rafael Amado I don't know, how much more I can add. But if you look at those killing assays that I have shown on tthey slide, we've done ttheym many, many times. Tthey redline, which is theyalthy donor, has always outperformed any ottheyr source of cells. And so what we're trying to do is make our manufactured product as close as possible to that product to have tthey right properties. And tthey reason why we can do ttheir is because we have our process development team now that can work, identify in high throughput screening what are tthey parameters that could be modified. And ttheyn because we own ttheir facility and can very quickly pivot and make changes, we can implement those changes quite fast. And obviously, we always do ttheym in consultation with tthey agency and making changes to our IND. So it gives us a much quicker response time to any finding that we observe. So it goes around tthey manufacturing to tthey patient, we assess response, we assess corollaries and we come back to tthey PV lab. And we've been doing ttheir virtually with every patient that we've treated in our three programs. James Noble With that, we're also – we do spend a great deal of effort, as Rafael said, in process development manufacturing. In fact, tthey SURPASS study will use a really quite radically different manufacturing method, which we have developed and have been looking at in half quite a long time. We haven't again announced what that is because it's really priority to us. But so we are making quite great strides across all of tthey manufacturing side actually. Ren Benjamin Got it. And ttheyn just moving to efficacy, I guess, both on tthey synovial and non-sarcoma patients, can you talk a little bit more, since you're seeing more patients, a little bit more on tthey mechanism of progression? And in tthey biopsies, are you looking at things like PD-L1 status? And what kind of evidence do you require to really start exploring, let's say, ttheyse cells in combination with ctheyckpoints? Or is ttheyre some evidence that you've seen so far that really propels you to move forward with tthey radiation ttheyme or some ottheyr type of combination moving forward? Rafael Amado Yes. So in general, we look at certain factors so gamma-chain cytokines that makes cells activate, proliferate and expand. And in tissue, we look at expression of tthey antigen. Tthey antigen presenting machinery is it intact or is it not. That includes HLA, but many ottheyr factors like TAP proteins, interferon, manuals, et cetera. And ttheyn we follow by persistence, as I showed you in tthey slide, and we follow tthey ptheynotype of tthey cells that are persisting. And so antigen expression is critical. As I said before, we see theyterogeneity. So – and sometimes a lesion can be 100% 3-plus and ttheyn anottheyr lesion may be very much lower expresser. Again that is less common in sarcoma than it is you know in tthey epittheylial tumors. Trafficking is important. We have seen trafficking our SPEAR T-cells in some of its tumors, not always, but sometimes, and it depends on tthey timing of tthey biopsy as well as tthey cell dose and tthey cell type in terms of ttheyir ptheynotype. We had not necessarily seen PD-1 as a mechanism of resistance. So far that hasn't emerged. Deficits in HLA expression hasn't really been a mechanism of resistance that we have identified in tthey cells to retain HLA expression. Antigen presentation remains in all tthey basins that was looked.  And so it's really antigen expression and tthey ability to traffic and tthey fitness of tthey cell that we're working. Obviously, ttheyse are very broad concepts, and we have double clicked on every one of ttheym and have ideas as to how to tackle each one of those. Tthey first of which is first-generation, but ttheyre's going to be ottheyrs that will come in 2019 as we find out exactly what are tthey levers that we can push to make cells go through tthey tumor more effectively, stay in tthey tumor and get rid of MDSCs, which are myeloid cells, that may suppress tthey immune response. So ttheyse are tthey factors that we are playing with. It's really a complex that we know that in immunology, may be just modifying a single factor can be enough. I mean, you see that with PD-1 innovation, you see that TNF innovation or CTLA-4 et cetera. So ttheyre's a – it's a complex network, but you may modify just a single one and get a dramatic effect. Until that we're keep testing all ttheyse findings systematically until we get a good generation of factor that's pretty effective in epittheylial tumors. We think we've got it in sarcoma and we're very close in ottheyr tumors, and we couldn't do ttheir without our translational work and our collaborators at tthey site. Ren Benjamin And ttheyn I guess, one final question for me. It seems like tumor, tthey expansion of tthey T-cell repertoire would be – it's key to not only of obtaining a PR, but ttheyn also maintaining it. So are ttheyre ways to measure how well ttheir expansion of tthey T-cell repertoire for new antigens may or may not be occurring and ways to potentially expand of that outside of tthey TCRs that you're giving? Rafael Amado I mean, ttheyre are – obviously, we can measure our TCR, and we can flow toward – and toward a single cell actually. And all ttheyse assays wtheyttheyr it's tthey killing assays or digital TCR can be done with very small numbers of cells, now which is – it's allowed us to do ttheyse repeatedly with blood sample. But I think tthey – an important question is wtheyttheyr we are eliciting immunity against ottheyr antigens, and we do ttheyse by doing TCR cloning and looking at tthey data repertoire and looking before and after in terms of tthey preponderance of new clones to have emerged after treatment. And we do see evidence of epitope spreading in some of our patients. Ttheyre is more work that we need to do theyre. But we believe that durable responses are going to have to be accompanied by immunity against antigens ottheyr than in ttheir case MAGE-A4 or MAGE-A10, just because of tthey theyterogeneity that I mentioned before is easy for tthey tumor to escape with antigen negative disease so. And we have seen evidence of that as well. Just tthey ottheyr thing that we've seen is responses after redosing. We have seen that after NY-ESO. So even in some patients that have circulating itself and progress, we've seen several PRs which have a complete response with NY-ESO. And as I mentioned in ttheir lung cancer patient, we've seen a deeper response after infusion. So sometimes it just may be a matter of infusing more cells or cells that have high prolific capacity to increase tthey response. And as you know, ttheyre are many gene ttheyrapy studies that are designed with multiple dosing. So ttheyre's a variety of strategies, but we believe we have tthey tools to really understand what kind of immune response we are eliciting not just to tthey antigen in question but to ottheyr tumor antigens from tthey patient's disease. Ren Benjamin Great. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Operator And our next question comes from Robyn Karnauskas with Citigroup. You may proceed. Srikripa Devarakonda Hey, guys. Ttheir is Srikripa on for Robyn. Thank you so much for taking my question and congrats on all tthey progress. I was curious about your next-gen SPEAR T-cells. Now tthey preclinical data you showed, how confident are you that tthey improved cytokine release that you see in tthey coculture could potentially translate into lower CRS rate in tthey clinic? And sorry, if you've already mentioned ttheir before, but is ttheyre any idea that you could get to ttheir – to a comparable level of efficacy as your first-gen with lesser number of cells? Thank you. Rafael Amado Yes. So, tthey second generation construct, we think it will work through two mechanisms. One, I showed on tthey slide, which is we are essentially endowing tthey CD4 cells with a co-receptor to Class 1 TCR. So, normally CD4 cells engage Class 2, and ttheyy – ttheyse are extracellular peptides. And so for CD4 cells to engage MHC Class 1 with peptide, ttheyy can do that without CDA, but ttheyy do that in a very labile manner and a – ttheyy're off-rated high. And eventually wtheyn you measure CD4s long-term, ttheyy are very low. So theyre, what we're doing is allowing CD4 cells to have a co-receptor that makes ttheym stable wtheyn ttheyy're buying Class 1. And so ttheyrefore, our TCR is expressed and stable – steadily bound to MHC Class 1 so CD4 cells can kill. Ttheyre is no question about that. We've shown that in vitro assays multiple times. So in terms of, could we get fewer cells? Well, if you think that CD4 cells are non-effective killers, essentially now tthey product will have both CD4 and CD8 cells, wtheyre tthey CD4 cells are able to kill. So, you could imagine that you are essentially doubling tthey dose, if you will. That's one way to think about it, because tthey mixture between CD4 and CD8s in our product is 50-50 and sometimes it's actually a little bit skewed in favor of CD4. So we think we're going to give more cells that are able to effect cytotoxicity early on, which is a good thing. And tthey second thing that we've shown and ttheyse are also in tthey process that we have to see wtheyttheyr that is out in tthey clinic, it's how – tthey CD4 cells now interact with antigen presenting itself, which is critical, as I mentioned before, for epitope spreading, and ttheyy release cytokines, tthey APCs release cytokines upon binding CD4 cells that activate CD8 cells. And so both CD8 cells that are – that have TCRs and those that don't have TCRs are going to be more active because of that theylp that CD4 cells produce. So essentially, what we are doing is amplifying tthey immune response through two mechanisms. I don't think it's going to have any bearing on diminishing cytokine release syndrome. In fact, it's something that we're going to be watching for, because we're giving more cells that with cytotoxic potential. But as I said before, we effectively have been able to manage or our physicians rattheyr CRS with a prompt use of IL-6 antibodies, and we follow strict algorithms. We're not going to change tthey cell dose. We are actually starting with a higtheyr dose, and we're going to go up to 10 billion cells. Now if we end up thinking that we don't need that many cells ttheyn we may make modifications. But for now, we're designing tthey study tthey same way, but we expect that ttheyse graphs are going to be more important. Srikripa Devarakonda So, even with ttheyse next-gen cells, will you be starting off with 100 million cell dose? Rafael Amado No. Srikripa Devarakonda Okay. Rafael Amado We will start with 1 billion cells, that will be our reference forward. Srikripa Devarakonda Okay, great. Thank you so much. Operator And our next question comes from Jim Birctheynough with Wells Fargo. You may proceed. Jim Birctheynough Yes. Hi, guys. Thanks for all tthey detail. A couple of questions just may be focused on manufacturing first. Could you remind us of tthey vein-to-vein time for tthey MAGE-A4 product? And wtheyttheyr that increases wtheyn you go from 1 billion to 10 billion cells? And related to that, could you maybe speak to manufacturing cost and how you would benchmark against CART-T cost that we understand might be in tthey range of about $150,000? And does that go up as you go from 1 billion to 10 billion cells? James Noble Yes. So what happens with tthey 1 billion cell doses that we basically give a fraction of tthey total number of cells that we make. So tthey answer is no. Ttheyre is no substantive difference between tthey 1 billion and 10 billion cell dose as we execute it. In terms of tthey vein-to-vein time, we've talked about ttheir before being sort of in tthey region of 35 days of tthey target vein-to-vein or target manufacturing time. So, ignoring potentially tthey time frame at each end wtheyn tthey – particularly, at tthey back-end wtheyn tthey patient needs to be ttheyn sctheyduled to go to hospital and receive tthey infusion, 35 days from wtheyn we get it to wtheyn we send it back is also a current target. That, of course, was defined partially by a 14-day sterility resting, which I think we talked about before we're getting it down to seven days. And so we're working to get that down to something that's more consistent with ttheyse turnaround times. Tthey CART-Ts are experiencing, particularly someone like Novartis, who have theirtorically used a very similar process to us. In terms of costs, we have not made that much comments about costs. It's not really that appropriate to do so. Clearly, we're dosing very small numbers of patients. And a lot tthey costs that you get – tthey cost benefits that you get come with efficiency and dosing larger numbers of patients. Plus I think that at volume, based on tthey capacity that we have got, we have no problem thinking about ttheir as a highly profitable product at tthey end of tthey day, but we'll not make comments about wtheyre we want to get to all wtheyre we currently are about with costs. Jim Birctheynough And just again on manufacturing, were ttheyre any manufacturing stale years? And maybe you could speak to, if ttheyre are, does that increase wtheyn you go to tthey higtheyr cell dose? Or is that pretty well rated at all? James Noble So tthey cell doses that we've covered are tthey doses defined in tthey expansion cohort as 1 billion to 10 billion cells. And we – I think it's right to say that we don't really get manufacturing failures to hit that dose at ttheir point in time. We did have a few theirtorically, if you go back far enough, but recently, particularly with tthey instruction of our manufacturing process, we don't have manufacturing failures in – if we get into that dose range. Rafael Amado Yes. I mean, an additional comment that I will make is that now if ttheyre is going to be a manufacturing failure, we know pretty early in tthey process. So we have ways to look at tthey cells that are growing for specific markers, and we can know as early as day four wtheyttheyr or not we need to remanufacture that patient. So we hardly ever lose any time because we start, ttheyre will be manufacturing right away. Jim Birctheynough And maybe just one final question just on tthey SPEARHEAD study. Give us a sense for FDA's perspective, if ttheyre is an over-bound conference involved or response that ttheyy want you to hit? And what point estimate would get you ttheyre? And is ttheyre a duration of response from tthey regulatory perspective? You mentioned six to nine months as what positions you might want, is it similar to what FDA's looking for? And ttheyn tthey final part is, is ttheyre –I can't agree with something about redosing of patient. Is ttheyre a provision in tthey protocol to redose on progression of antigens were present? Rafael Amado So tthey answer to tthey latter question is, no. We have decided to make ttheir study just a single infusion, simply because I believe tthey primary endpoint cleaner. And so some patients may eventually be redosed, but we've made tthey decision to discuss tthey label that we won, which is tthey single infusion with x number or so. In terms of FDA interactions, we did have interactions within what you saw wtheyre we virtually had breakthrough designation. And we had thought and we discussed tthey boundaries. FDA very rarely agrees with – firmly with boundaries in single-arm trials that ttheyy'd indicate that a lower bound of 18% seems reasonable. And if you look at all tthey salvage ttheyrapies out ttheyre, ttheyy are all low single digits. So, of course, it's a review issue, but we chose a very generous boundary in calculating our sample size with tthey point estimate of 30% or above.  Jim Birctheynough And just finally just in considering and understanding, ttheir could be used earlier, but if it were used as a salvage ttheyrapy, do you have a sense of tthey number of patients that die each year of synovial sarcoma in tthey U.S.? Rafael Amado I mean, I think ttheyse are estimates, but it's in tthey sort of 500 to 600 range. Jim Birctheynough Great. Well, thanks for taking my questions. Operator And we have a follow-up question from Ying Huang of Bank of America. You may proceed. Alec Stranahan Hey guys. Ttheir is Alec on for Ying. Congrats on tthey update and thanks for questions. Since ttheir sounds like you're now getting repeated cell production of greater than 10 billion, it seems logical that tthey focus will likely shift over tthey quality of cells. Could you elaborate on what you're thinking is driving tthey variability and keep persistence since synovial sarcoma given tthey relatively high antigen expression in different indications? Rafael Amado Ttheir is something that is common to tthey field. So it's not just something that we are seeing. Most of tthey ottheyr companies out ttheyre that are manufacturing routinely eittheyr for research or for commercial purposes. Ttheyy have a narrow spectrum of indication. We have to deal with a lot of indications like 11 indications and tthey prior ttheyrapies are very diverse. Tthey age of tthey patient is again very variable. And so all of those are factors that determine T-cell fitness. How far away from ttheyir last treatment tthey patient was, wtheyn ttheyy have reasons to place, et cetera So in fact that ttheyre are comments out ttheyre that for some diseases, some processes don't really work. And so we're happy that we've been able to optimize our process to work with every disease. So just anecdotally, for instance, we weren't sure wtheyttheyr we would be able to make cells for patients with theypatocellular carcinoma, while it turns out that it's one of tthey most successful theirtologies in terms of tthey availability of cells. And it may be because those patients don't get a lot of ctheymottheyrapy. So we continue to optimize, as I said before, not just a number but tthey ptheynotype of tthey cells and we're not elaborating today on ttheir. Ttheyre will be probably tthey subject of publications or presentations in tthey future is quite important know-how for us. But suffice to say that we are applying all of ttheyse learnings in our clinical trials, and ttheyy are facilitated by tthey ability to move, as I said before, very quickly from process development to CMC changes and from CMC changes to what we see in tthey clinic and vice versa. So I think we're in a really good position, of course, tthey process is locked for SPEARHEAD and it's locked for SURPASS, because we're aware of what tthey regulatory requirements are going to be. But ttheyy're actually slightly different processes, as James mentioned before. Alec Stranahan Okay, great. Thanks. And in tthey Phase II SPEARHEAD study, you planned to measure a MAGE-A4 expression with a cut-off of 30% expression? Will ttheir be based on archival or serial expression prior to treatment? I mean, is ttheir tthey same A4 measurement approach as in tthey Phase I study? Just trying to get a sense of tthey potential differences in patient characteristics between Phase I and Phase II? Rafael Amado So tthey answer is tthey same in immunoctheymistry assay. It is very specific from MAGE-A4. It doesn't cross with any ottheyr MAGE antigen family. Tthey expression is 30%, 2 plus, 3 plus, that was part of tthey NY-ESO study explore low expressions. We've treated patients lower than ttheir in both our pilot trial and in NY-ESO. And we've seen 30% is tthey right cut-off based on what we learned with NY-ESO. So yes, we're essentially using tthey same one in terms of what tissue we're using, we're using tthey most recent archival tissue that's available. So normally ttheyse comes from eittheyr initial surgery, but more commonly from tthey most recent reception because a lot of ttheyse patients tend to have a reception of, for instance, pulmonary metastases, which is wtheyre tthey tumor tends to spread tthey most. So we always ask for tthey last one and patients that have 30% or above, wtheyn we look at ttheyir baseline biopsies that we obtain one-time study, ttheyy don't tend to change very much. It's only tthey patients that have 10%, wtheyre ttheyir expression may disappear in tthey baseline biopsy and that make us need essentially tthey antigen is gone or ttheyre is just so much theyterogeneity that we missed it. So that's why we wanted to start at a high level. Alec Stranahan Okay. And ttheyn last question for me. What has been medium follow-up ttheyn to responders with synovial sarcoma? And have ttheyre been any relapses? And you're measuring ORR in tthey Phase II, but do you think durability will also be an important factor? And what are you targeting in terms of durability in tthey first half 2020 update. Thanks. Rafael Amado Well, tthey ability is always important. It's not necessarily a regular endpoint that you agree with tthey agency, but ttheyy will – ttheyy definitely a look at that. We've had experiences in – with NY-ESO and which presented extensively on ttheir wtheyre tthey durability of responses monthly different between cohorts. And so it is important, because obviously we have very transient response may not be – may not represent clinical benefit. Our current follow-up is relatively short. As I said before, we have patients out to 13 weeks-or-so that are maintaining ttheyir response and ttheyir next scans are coming in pretty soon. But as I said in my remarks, ttheyre is no patient that had initially responded, had progressed after tthey initial response. So in fact, what's a – I think a good sign is that wtheyn we do a follow-up scan, tthey tumor is slightly smaller and tthey persistence remains high. So ttheir bodes very well for being able to see a more sustained response and definitely will update you in subsequent calls as to tthey time to event of ttheyse and ottheyr patients. Juli Miller Thank you, everyone. That concludes tthey Q&A portion of our call. I would like to thank everyone for tuning in today, and I just want to remind you that our slides are available on tthey Investor Relations tab of our website as is tthey replay of ttheir call and webcast. Shortly, ttheyre will be a transcript available as well. And with that, I would like to turn tthey call over to James Noble for some closing remarks. James Noble Well, thank you very much, everybody, for taking tthey time to spend on tthey call and to ask a lot of very excellent questions. I think today really is a waterttheyyd for tthey company. Biotech companies exist to find medicines that affect patients, I think, we've really got compelling data in synovial sarcoma to get four out of five responses with patients treated to 10 billion cells, is absolutely better than we could of hoped at tthey start of tthey year, and to get tumor shrinkage not only in almost all of tthey synovial sarcoma, but across a series of ottheyr diseases really is very exciting. And ttheyn to have submitted tthey Generation 2 with a IND already filed to see if we can improve those into durable responses really is very exciting. I'm pleased that we got quite a lot of questions about manufacturing because we spent a huge amount of effort and time on improving that, and we really do have a robust process even at tthey 10 billion scale. And as I mentioned rattheyr at tthey beginning, we've also made exciting progress with tthey off-tthey-ttheyylf So I'll leave you with tthey thought that we remain with an aim to launch our first TCR T-cell ttheyrapy in 2022, which will be, we hope, tthey first in a solid tumor. Thank you very much. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for attending today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.