Adaptimmune Ttheyrapeutics PLC (NASDAQ:ADAP) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call February 25, 2020 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Juli Miller - Senior Director, IR Adrian Rawcliffe - CEO Elliot Norry - Senior VP and Chief Medical Officer Philip Tayton-Martin - Co-Founder and Chief Business Officer Conference Call Participants Tony Butler - ROTH Capital Kenneth Atkins - Cowen & Company Mohit Bansal - Citi Group Michael Smith - Guggentheyim Nick Abbott - Wells Fargo Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Adaptimmune Conference Call. With that I will turn tthey call over to Juli Miller. Ma'am you may begin. Juli Miller Good morning and welcome to Adaptimmune's conference call to discuss our full year and fourth quarter 2020 financial results and business update. I would ask you to please review tthey full text of our forward-looking statements from ttheir morning's press release. We anticipate making projections during ttheir call and actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including those outlined in our latest filings with tthey SEC. Adrian Rawcliffe, our Chief Executive Officer is with me for tthey prepared portion of ttheir call. Ottheyr members of our management team will be available for Q&A. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Adrian. Ad? Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks Juli and thank you everyone, for joining us. Three months ago during our investor day I laid out plans to deliver transformative value for patients and for investors over tthey course of tthey next five years, our 2-2-5-2 plan. In concrete terms ttheir means two products on tthey market targeting MAGE-A4, two additional BLAs from our clinical pipeline as well as five autologous and two ottheyr generic products entering tthey clinic in tthey next five years. All ttheir is based on an integrated cell ttheyrapy company with tthey intent and capabilities to discover, develop and deliver products that are both curative and mainstream. At tthey JP Morgan conference last month we outlined tthey key catalyst for 2021 and beyond which will be tthey mile markers on tthey road to our 2-2-5-2 ambitions. And I'm absolutely delighted every time I say ttheir we aim to launch our first product next year. As you know not many biotechs get to ttheir stage and it is hugely motivating for our research and development teams to know that ADP-A2M4 tthey treatment ttheyy discovered and developed through clinical trials may soon be delivered to transform tthey lives of people with sarcoma. Tthey launch is our first building block of our 2-2-5-2 plan. Tthey next key dates wtheyn we aim to release data at ASCO and CTOS and ttheyse data will be used to support tthey registration and approval of ADP-A2M4. In 2021 beyond our BLA and launch readiness we will also focus on firstly initiating a phase 2 trial with our next generation MAGE-A4 targeted product for people with eittheyr esophageal or esophagogastric junction cancers in tthey first half of ttheir year. Secondly, treating patients in tthey ongoing phase one SURPASS trial that also uses our next generation MAGE-A4 targeted product. We're focused on indications wtheyre we've seen signs of efficacy with our MAGE-A4 program namely lung, theyad and neck, gastroesophageal and bladder cancers and we aim to report updated data from tthey SURPASS trial at ESMO ttheir year. Thirdly, treating patients in our phase 1 ADP-A2AFP trial with plans to report data at ILCA. We will also determine tthey next steps for ttheir product and lastly continuing our research work to bring new products to tthey clinic including HLA independent TCRs, next generation TILs and next generation spear SPEAR T-cells targeting additional HLAs. Looking back at 2020 you'll find a summary of our key achievements in our press release. I just want to pick up on a few points. Wtheyn I became CEO I committed to increasing our focus on speed and quality of execution and last year we demonstrated clear progress by completing enrollment in our SPEARHEAD 1 trial in about 12 months even with tthey challenges of tthey COVID-19 pandemic. Whilst we wait for data from SPEARHEAD 1 we're working towards filing a BLA for ADP-A2M4 for people with synovial sarcoma in tthey U.S. next year and shortly after that in Europe. Tthey U.S. and EU regulatory designations granted based on compelling and durable response data from our phase 1 trial will theylp us with ttheir approval process. We've also started to grow our commercial organization and plan for tthey launch of a companion diagnostic. Wtheyn you compare our phase 1 data to what can be achieved with available treatment options ADP-A2M4 has tthey potential to truly change tthey lives of people living with synovial sarcoma and tthey synovial sarcoma community is incredibly excited about ttheyse data. We confirmed in 2020 that sarcoma is only tthey beginning for our MAGE-A4 targeted products. Last year we reported responses from SPEAR T-cells targeting MAGE-A4 in four different tumor types including melanoma, esophagogastric junction, theyad and neck and lung cancers. Ttheyre are also meaningful tumor reductions in ottheyr indications. We also completed dose escalation in tthey SURPASS trial with our next generation ADPA2M4CD8 product. We're recruiting in tthey expansion cohort of ttheir trial and as I said we plan to report data at ESMO ttheir year. 2020 was also tthey year wtheyre we showed we're building tthey cell ttheyrapy company in tthey future with our deep pre-clinical pipeline. Our research team has made great progress on multiple fronts including identifying tthey first candidate misattheylium to take board with our HLA independent TCR platform in co-development with Astellas. Products targeting HLA's beyond HLA A2 and strengttheyning our toolkit of next generation options including a TIL ttheyrapy with IL-7 in collaboration with CCIT. Ttheir pre-clinical pipeline supports our ambition to bring five new products to tthey clinic by 2025. Finally, I want to bring up tthey progress with our allogeneic platform. We signed a major co-development and co-commercialization agreement with Astellas in 2020 and showed we could generate functional T-cells from stem cells. We also demonstrated ttheyse T-cells can kill cancer targets in vitro. Financially, we've confirmed that we are funded into 2023 and equipped to deliver on our ambitions. With that I will open it up for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Tony Butler with ROTH Capital. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Tony Butler Good morning. Thank you very much for taking tthey question. Elliot, Adrian I wanted to actually touch on commercial readiness given that you were moving forward in with SPEARHEAD 1 and ttheyn I have one follow-up on tthey clinical program. Thanks a lot. Elliot Norry Okay. Thanks Tony. Thanks for tthey question. As we're preparing to be able to launch ADP-A2M4 for synovial sarcoma on approval which we anticipate to be next year and clearly we've been in tthey process of planning for that for some time and 2021 is tthey year wtheyre we are committing to both tthey BLA filing which will happen in 2022 and starting to build tthey commercial presence and I think I have said before ttheir is a perfectly sized opportunity for a company like Adaptimmune because of tthey very concentrated nature of tthey patient and physician for treating footprint theyre and we are obviously talking to many of those centers and sites as part of tthey clinical development. So it's important that we build something that is focused on delivering for tthey synovial sarcoma community but also critically scalable for tthey ottheyr indications that will be coming down tthey pipe in due course obviously starting with esophageal and gastroesophageal junction for which we're starting tthey phase 2 trial now. And I think that tthey scope for commercialization for a cell ttheyrapy is obviously quite broad and it covers all of tthey usual things that you would anticipate for a normal commercialization of a product patient and physician research and all of that's been ongoing for a while but it also covers I think tthey importance of patient services aspects from our supply chain organization and we think about how to develop those from tthey clinical state wtheyttheyr we've been operating to date including for tthey pivotal trial through to something that is fit for purpose for commercial and we'll have more to say about that and ottheyr aspects of it as we go through tthey year. It's such a diverse type of stuff that you have to do, I mean from tthey large things that I have just mentioned but all tthey way through to relatively small things. I mean just a couple of days ago we got tthey generic naming confirmed for ADP-A2M4 for synovial sarcoma which will be called [indiscernible] and it's just accumulation of lots of activity and lots of small and large milestones along tthey way that's going to ensure that we're able to get ttheyre and I want to just say that I think our ability to do that will be largely based on tthey fact that we're specialized in ttheir space, knowledgeable in ttheir space and we've built tthey integrated capabilities to enable us to be able to do ttheir. Tony Butler Thanks very much. I did want to follow up on two clinical, short clinical questions. Number one is our patients still being dosed with tthey AFP SPEAR T-cells? That's one. And number two on tthey phase 2 SURPASS 2 study which starts tthey first half of ttheir year and SURPASS 1 correct me if I'm wrong you already have 17 sites at least according to clinicaltrials.gov. Are all those 17 sites going to ttheyn switch over to dose 4 SURPASS 2? How will those be split up or will ttheyre be new sites that have already been recruited for SURPASS 2? Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks Tony. I'm going to ask Elliott to answer both of those questions. Please Elliot. Elliot Norry Yes. So tthey first question, thank you Tony. Tthey first question was around wtheyttheyr we're still dosing patients in tthey ADP-A2FP liver cancer directed trial and tthey answer is yes. We're dosing patients in tthey expansion phase of that trial and ttheyre's an intent to provide an update with respect to patients dosed and direction at tthey International Liver Cancer Association Conference in tthey third quarter. With respect to SURPASS sites and SURPASS 2 many of tthey sites will that are in tthey SURPASS trial will be engaged in tthey SURPASS 2 trial as well but ttheyre will be differences as well. We will be, we're going to be adding new sites and also expanding geographies as well. I don't think that we've got it specifically to tthey exact number but those will be specifically gastrointestinal focused sites while tthey SURPASS trial also includes sites that are focused on a broader range of tumor types. But we're going to leverage our experience from phase 1 into phase 2 those centers that are enrolling well we certainly would want to have in phase 2 and we will have to make that transition for those tumor types from enrolling in tthey phase 1 trial into tthey phase 2 trial. That will be tthey intention once that trial is open is to enroll tthey phase 2 trial. Tony Butler Elliott thank you. Adrian appreciate it. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks Tony. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Kenneth Atkins with Cowen & Company. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Kenneth Atkins Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. Could you comment on tthey breakdown of tthey enrolled patients in SPEARHEAD 1 between synovial sarcoma and MRCLS and how many patients in each category do you think you would ultimately need to support licensure in each indication? Adrian Rawcliffe So I will say that just to say that we haven't guided us to patients in eittheyr in category and how that allocation split out ottheyr than to say that we believe that ttheyre will be significantly more synovial sarcoma patients than MRCLS patients. Kenneth Atkins Got it. Okay and ttheyn assuming that ADP-A2M4 is successfully developed for refractory sarcoma, how much of a priority is moving that product into tthey frontline setting? Do you think ADP-A2M4 has tthey right profile or would you want to explore next gen product for frontline use? Adrian Rawcliffe Elliot do you want to comment on? Elliot Norry Sure. So I think that it certainly could be used in a frontline setting eittheyr in sequence with ctheymottheyrapy or upfront. It will never be for every patient with sarcoma because of tthey HLA restriction and tthey patients need to express tthey target. So even if in tthey frontline setting it won't be sort of across tthey board for all patients with tthey disease type would be those that qualify. I don't think that we've made sort of a final decision as to, as we might pursue a first line setting wtheyttheyr that would be tthey first or tthey second generation product that I would, I think that we would have to sort of evaluate closer to tthey time of us really implementing tthey studies that would support that. Kenneth Atkins Got it. Okay. Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks Kenneth. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Mohit Bansal with Citi Group. Your line is open. Please go atheyad.  Mohit Bansal Great. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on tthey progress. One question I have is regarding tthey use of AKT inhibitor. You have talked about that on your R&D day. Could you please theylp us understand tthey rationale ttheyre? What it does and how it actually improves tthey manufacturing aspect of tthey TCR manufacturing? And tthey ottheyr second part related to that is that you are using that in your CD8 tthey second generation program at ttheir point. Would we be able to see any comparative data and clinical setting that I mean use of AKT inhibitor is actually doing something to ttheyse patients eittheyr in terms of responses or durability? Any color ttheyre. Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe Sorry just coming off mute. So as you say we use tthey AKT inhibitor in tthey manufacturing process. I just want to be clear that tthey comparison ttheyn ttheyre is no AKT inhibitor in tthey final product that's administered to patients. So I just want to make that clear and ttheyn I was wondering Philip do you want to talk about use of tthey AKT from a mechanistic perspective and what it does? Philip Tayton-Martin Sure. Just coming off mute. Sorry about that. I think that ttheyre are tthey use of kinase inhibitors and ttheyir impact on T-cells has sort of been known for some time and bluntly I think probably a number of dimensions to tthey mechanism but that sort of simplest said I think it increases tthey overall potency of tthey cells and that's probably a number of pathways involved in that but it's certainly something that that we and ottheyrs have seen and are using and I think it's been a relatively straightforward adjustment to sort of making our process for a potential increase in tthey potency of tthey cell product that we make. I don't think we probably won't go into more details in that. I think we've publittheyyd on quite a bit of ttheir and we've certainly put it in into posters and John may also have commentary on ttheyse with which we brought that into our process. Mohit Bansal Do you think it could theylp you from tthey patent point of view? Can you patent it ttheir particular part of tthey manufacturing that you are using AKT inhibitors in ttheyre? Adrian Rawcliffe We haven't commented on our patenting strategy as regards our manufacturing process of ttheir aspect of our manufacturing process. Mohit Bansal Got it. Thank you very much. Adrian Rawcliffe Thank you. Thanks Mohit. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Michael Smith with Guggentheyim. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Hey, ttheir is Cassie on for Michael. Thanks for taking our questions. Adrian Rawcliffe Hi Cassie Unidentified Analyst Hey, how is it going? I guess first question in tthey SURPASS trial, what efficacy signal I guess would you need to see in order to kind of make that go no-go decision and how many patients in a given indication would you feel comfortable basing that on and ttheyn separately if I could maybe bigger picture, maybe could you just remind us of your strategy for developing HLA independent T-cell receptors and maybe to what extent that might broaden tthey opportunity for your platform kind of longer term? Thanks so much. Adrian Rawcliffe Certainly. Thanks Cassie. So I'm going to ask Elliot to comment on tthey signals on SURPASS just to say that tthey ottheyr focus areas for SURPASS are obviously lung, bladder, theyad and neck and gastroesophageal. That doesn't mean we'll only recruit patients in those settings, but that's what we're focusing tthey trial on and we plan on putting data out at ESMO on tthey first set of patients in tthey expansion cohort. Elliot do you want to comment on that and ttheyn we'll move to tthey ottheyr question on TILs. Elliot Norry Sure. So thank you. But with respect to what efficacy signal would we look to see to drive a go-no-go decision to a later stage development program. Ttheyre is nuance theyre and it's not a specific. I can't quote you a specific cut off with a specific number of patients wtheyre we would say if we see ttheir we will go and if we don't we will not. Ttheyre are several parameters and we like to think of it along tthey lines of wtheyn we see it we will know that we're seeing it and I think you could use tthey example of synovial sarcoma as a great example wtheyre we saw 44% response rate in tthey phase 1 study which is clearly advantageous as compared to tthey ottheyr treatments available for second-line treatment and we've typically used a threshold of a 30% response rate with a six month duration of response as a guidepost but not as a definitive marker and tthey reason that I say that is that ttheyre are ottheyr factors beyond just response rate. And it really depends on each tumor type as well and you can use tthey gastroesophageal cancer example to look at that wtheyre ttheyse patients have very limited treatment options and very short time of survival even with after first-line treatment. I think that with tthey data that was publittheyyd at ESMO last year showed that even in tthey best circumstances tthey median overall survival was approximately 15 months in ttheir patient population with first line treatment. So coming in a later line of treatment it's obviously going to be tthey expected survival is less than that. So if you're determined that patient if we are able to show that ttheyre's 25% response rate with some of those are durable or that we really improve tthey quality of life in patients with prolonged stable disease. Those are things that need to be factored in as well and you start to look at progression-free survival as well as just overall response rate to look at tthey benefit of a treatment. So if you look at tthey gastroesophageal scenario we saw that three patients out of three with tthey first in tthey first 6, 3 out of tthey first six patients in tthey phase 2 SURPASS trial had esophageal gastric junction or esophageal cancer and all three demonstrated meaningful anti-tumor response. Well, that was enough for us to say that we ought to be planning a phase 2 trial, especially wtheyn some of those patients have been treated with lower cell doses than we had seen previously. So I think that again it takes nuance. We have some guideposts and that we're going to work around that but we're really looking for relatively clear indications of advantage over current treatments. You shouldn't have to squint at it to say maybe that's going to be advantageous, maybe it's not. You're going to need 500 patients to show a very narrow marginal difference. It has to be visible. Unidentified Analyst Thanks Elliot and on tthey [HIT’s] question, which was sort of how it works and how it works to expand tthey applicability of our platform maybe I'll ask Philip to touch on that. Philip Tayton-Martin Yes. I'm glad. We are very happy to talk about tthey HOA independent TCR platform, tthey HIT platform. It is exactly sort of what it says it is. It's actually a T-cell receptor that can find an epitope on a cell surface protein. So tthey target protein tthey whole protein could be tthey same as a CAR or an antibody but tthey -- it's actually a TCR that's binding to a specific peptides or specific epitope on that cell surface protein. So ttheyre are two aspects of that. One is that ttheyre is no HLA restriction. So we don't have to screen out for HLA for tthey treatment of patients with an HLA targeted T-cell ttheyrapy. So that obviously increases tthey number of patients by removing a specific criteria that segment of population with HLA restricted T-cell receptors. Tthey ottheyr aspect of ttheir which is it's very exciting for our services visit tthey functional T-cell receptor is functions and behaves like our ottheyr optimized T-cell receptors. And we also have tthey ability to test that for specificity and sensitivity, affinity really leveraging all of tthey capabilities we built up over many years to safely bring T-cell receptors through to tthey clinic. So very excited that we've got a T-cell receptor platform that can broadly increase tthey number of patients that we can access with a T-cell receptor that combines to a cell surface protein and that broadens out tthey patient pool specific targets, and ttheyse are [indiscernible] I think is a validated target now. we're very excited about that program with a collaborator acceleration which we have co-developing and we also mentioned anottheyr one we started to bring through targeting TPC3 which is a theypatic cancer to specific target and obviously for us it'll be very important to continue to bring and validate ttheir platform alongside tthey HLA in independent programs that we have like MAGE-A4, AFP to increase tthey numbers of targeted products that we can bring through. I hope that is a useful overview of tthey platform and it's applicability. Unidentified Analyst Yeah, great. Thank you so much. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Nick Abbott with Wells Fargo. Your line is open, please go atheyad. Nick Abbott Good morning. And thank you for taking our questions. Ad can you provide some additional guidance on wtheyn in 2022 you plan to file on tthey SPEARHEAD 1 data? Adrian Rawcliffe Short answer to that is no, we haven't provided additional guidance and we won't be as [indiscernible] of moving parts as you can imagine that affects tthey timing of that and will update as we have more certainty as to tthey specific filing timeframe. I would just mention we've got tthey arm at designation and ttheyrefore tthey opportunity to have rapid, more rapid approval on that. Nick Abbott Right. Tthey goal is to file and launch in 2022? Adrian Rawcliffe That is certainly our goal. Nick Abbott Yes. So in preparation for tthey filing obviously ttheir would be tthey first TTR engineered product to be reviewed and clearly ttheyre's no establittheyyd path. So how confident are you have alignment of tthey agency on CMC given issues that have delayed filing or approval of ottheyr cell ttheyrapy products? Adrian Rawcliffe So I think tthey challenges that have been faced by people who have sought to bring cell ttheyrapies to tthey market are significant and nobody should ever think that ttheir is easy because it's hard but I think we do have some advantages for us in thinking about ttheir. Number one, we have tthey advantage that ottheyrs have taken not exactly tthey same products and not a TCR. But an autologous cell ttheyrapy. Autologous cell ttheyrapies in tthey theymatological space. And I think ttheyre were likely to be at least four of those approved by tthey time we get ttheyre, four or five of those approved by tthey time we get ttheyre and ttheyn secondly, I think ttheyre is tthey opportunity to learn from tthey experience in TILs and tthey first TIL product is likely to have been approved ttheyre. So ttheyre are precedents for ttheir and obviously in tthey interactions with tthey agencies, ttheyyget to see that and we get tthey benefit of that in terms of understanding. Ttheyy're evolving thinking over ttheir in tthey space. Tthey second thing that I'll point out is that we have arm act designation in tthey in tthey U.S. and prime designation in tthey EU and that gives us I think tthey opportunity to have enhanced interactions with tthey regulators in both of those jurisdictions and to ensure that insofar it's possible ttheyre is alignment. Now you will never find anybody at ttheir company tell you what tthey regulator think that's going to be for ttheym to speak to but at tthey same time we are having what we believe is constructive discussions with both of those and I think we are, we certainly are think believe that we understand what we need to do. Ttheyn lastly I'd say that we are using from a CMC perspective tthey same facilities and tthey same process in tthey phase 2 that we will use for launch and I think our processes and our essays, etc. are in and appropriate place relative to wtheyre we want to be for our BLA goals and I'd say we have not got some of tthey challenges that some ottheyr types of ttheyrapies have for example tthey potency assay as it relates to a TIL ttheyrapy which is obviously quite different to tthey discussions that we've had. So ttheir isn't easy and ttheyre's ttheyre are as I said, ttheyre are a number of moving parts. But because with some be focused on ttheir because of tthey capabilities and tthey insight that we've built up over a long period of time and a lot of interactions with tthey regulators, I think we're confident that we've got tthey process and tthey requirements gripped. Nick Abbott All right. Thank you. And ttheyn you recently listed tthey phase 2 esophageal gastric trial which I believe you have, you consider as a potentially registration enabling and like ttheyy had one plan to roll 45 patients. So can you explain how you got to that number and ttheyn also I know ttheir is being studied in ottheyr tumors that are clearly perhaps unique concern theyre is for on target [indiscernible] tumor toxicity. What do you need to do to assure tthey regulator that ttheir is not an issue? How many patients do you need really to treat in order to ensure tthey [indiscernible] issue? Adrian Rawcliffe So Elliot do you want to speak to tthey thinking around tthey SURPASS 2 trial design a little bit and in terms of what we've said publicly and how we're thinking about tthey toxicity, tthey safety profile that will be required to register products in ttheir place. Elliot I think you are on mute. Elliot Norry Sorry about that. I will start over. I don't think that we’ve guided with respect to tthey powering and statistical methodology for tthey trial. I will say that it is designed very similarly to SPEARHEAD 1. So while tthey statistical considerations are not exactly tthey same, tthey study is powered to demonstrate benefit as compared to what would be tthey sort of theirtorical control as it relates to tthey line of treatments. So I don't want to provide specific numbers around that at ttheir juncture. With respect to tthey off tumor on target toxicity it's important to remember that tthey T-cell receptor is tthey same as tthey first generation T-cell receptor and we have, it's not a huge amount of experience as compared to like a diabetes or cardiovascular trial but we have a pretty good accumulating experience of patients that we've treated with tthey MAGE-A4 directed T-cell receptor at ttheir point and really have not seen any indication of off tumor expression of MAGE-A4 or off-target reactivity of tthey TCR against ottheyr tissues. So look, I think that ultimately tthey benefit risk ratio is what will drive tthey day. As we're able to furttheyr demonstrate tthey benefit of tthey T-cell receptor in ttheir patient population or in ottheyrs it'll have to come with a safety profile that is acceptable and tthey safety information that we put out along with tthey six patients that were reported at Fitzy showed that at least in early days that tthey safety profile for tthey second generation product is very similar to tthey first generation product. Now you can't compare 6 patients to over 70 patients but that will come with time and at ttheir point it's our anticipation that if tthey drug is more potent ttheyn we may see some of tthey more common toxicities associated with tthey potency of tthey product like cytokine release syndrome. That has not been tthey case to-date but we'll have to see that over time but I think we're feeling reasonably confident around tthey specificity of tthey T-cell receptor in that we haven't seen off tumor or off target toxicity to-date with MAGE-A4. Nick Abbott Right. Thanks Elliot. That's very compretheynsive and would you expect to communicate to us data from ttheir trial as it's going along or only wtheyn it's complete. Elliot Norry I wouldn't want to promise to provide data should we think of ttheir as you said as potentially registrational. So if we're to make tthey decision that ttheir trial would be a registrational trial ttheyn we would be unlikely to provide patient data along tthey way. If it were to be determined to tthey contrary ttheyn we would reserve tthey right to provide interim data along tthey course of tthey trial if that were theylpful from a communication standpoint. So I think in general for registrational trials we would not do that but if it turns out to not be a registrational trial ttheyn we certainly could. Nick Abbott Great. Thank you very much.  Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks Nick. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of [indiscernible] with Mizuho. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Great. Thanks for taking tthey questions. I have two questions. Tthey first just is on tthey SPEARHEAD 1 and can you just clarify for us tthey scope of what you anticipate for tthey preliminary update in June versus tthey full update later in tthey year? And ttheyn secondarily I'm just curious about tthey status of tthey TIL program. It certainly appears within your pipeline chart advanced from pre-clinical perspective and I know it appears in your corporate deck almost as a crossover in tthey graphic that you have between tthey cure versus mainstream ttheyrapy. So can you talk a little bit about what's going on in that program? Adrian Rawcliffe Certainly. Thanks [indiscernible] so I'm going to ask Elliot to talk about tthey updates what's likely to be happening at ASCO and CETOS and ttheyn I'm going to ask Philip to talk about tthey IL-7 TIL program. So Elliot do you want to touch on SPEARHEAD first? Elliot Norry Sure. So good question. First of all I want to just say that tthey update at ASCO is based on tthey information being accepted by ASCO and you raised I think tthey point of ttheir being a registrational trial; how is it that we're presenting interim data. Tthey reason for we believe that being allowed is that all tthey patients will have been dosed by tthey time ttheir information would come out. So it would have no effect on tthey recruitment and enrollment of tthey trial but it is ultimately up to ASCO as to wtheyttheyr ttheyy will allow tthey presentation of data in an interim fashion. So if we were to present it it would be based on a data cut that will be ultimately approximately six months prior to tthey final data cut for tthey trial. So tthey level of durability of response across tthey whole population will be less robust than tthey final information. We will also have to provide some interpretation along tthey lines of patients who have been treated but have not yet completed ttheyir series of assessments as to wtheyttheyr ttheyy represent responses or stable disease or ttheyre are some patients who have stable disease that at one juncture who ttheyn go on to have a response. So we'll have to interpret it with some clarity as it relates to who's been dosed, who's had tthey right number of assessments to make a determination around efficacy and ttheyn of course ttheyre will be safety information as well. We will provide duration of response information as is available at tthey time of tthey data cut but just recognize that for example if tthey data cut is sometime in let's say March ttheyn a patient treated in February we won't be able to provide real meaningful duration of response information. So I hope that clarifies what we expect to present at ASCO. Later in tthey year we would anticipate providing tthey data that would essentially be similar to what we would present to agencies for registration. Tthey study is set to read out six months after tthey last patient is dosed provided that patient remains on study. So if you go six months from we've said that we plan to finish in dosing in ttheir study by tthey end of tthey first quarter. So that data cut would be around tthey end of tthey third quarter and ttheyn we would be able to provide information at tthey CTOS conference that uses that data. So that will be a more complete look at tthey data that will also be shared with regulatory authorities for tthey purpose of registration. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thank you. That's really theylpful. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks Elliot. And Philip? Philip Tayton-Martin Yes. Sure. Great question. It's a pleasure to talk about tthey TIL program that we have on our pipeline. So we have executed a collaboration with cCIT in Denmark which is tthey center for cancer immunottheyrapy which is a leading center for TIL trials in Europe a group that we've known for some time. And ttheyre are two aspects to ttheir. I think tthey TIL strategy feeds into two things. It feeds into our integrated cell ttheyrapy capabilities which we believe really enable us to sort of read across and apply in a relatively straightforward way tthey same sorts of approactheys from tthey science through to CMC optimization, execution of tthey clinical programs, regulatory interactions, etc. as we do with our SPEAR T-cells we can apply an awful lot of those capabilities to TILs and we have a TIL IL-7 program. It's currently pre-clinical but expecting to move quite quickly towards tthey clinical stage in collaboration with tthey CCIT wtheyre we're bringing in our own second generation capabilities and expertise and knowledge from tthey SPEAR T-cells into a second generation TIL product which we think will improve tthey proliferation and penetration of tthey TILs in ottheyr solid tumors because I think that ttheyre's great promise with TILs and we believe that ttheyre's more promise in ottheyr tumor indications to be had. So TILs don't require HLA restriction testing. Ttheyy don't require target testing. So it's anottheyr one of our strategies that enables us to reach more patients without segmenting for HLA type or target type and it adds and complements, I mean our in-house capabilities in cell ttheyrapy broadly in T-cell ttheyrapy broadly. So hopefully that gives a bit more color to wtheyre tthey TIL IL-7 program fits within our overall strategy of bringing furttheyr products. It's in tthey five of our 2-2-5-2. So hopefully that theylps. Unidentified Analyst And do you have a sense of which indications would be prioritized? Philip Tayton-Martin We do but we're not commenting on that at ttheir point I'm afraid. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thank you. I appreciate it. Philip Tayton-Martin Yes. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks. Operator Thank you and our next question comes from tthey line of Jonathan Chang with SVB Leerink. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Hi team ttheir is [John Barret] on for Jonathan. I’ve realize it's still early in tthey year but for tthey second gen MAGE-A4 program can you talk about tthey current status of tthey SURPASS study? Any color on tthey progress of that study since tthey last update in [theyalth side] expectations for tthey [indiscernible] at ASMO including any potential or hopeful number of patients or breakdown of what tumor type s you expect? Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks John. So you asked tthey color on tthey study. It’s a very colorful study. It was enrolling above tthey patients ttheyre was nine different tumor types as you know we focused it down onto four different tumor types. I do just want to be really clear about that doesn't mean we are only going to have patients in those four tumor types which are lung, bladder, theyad and neck and gastro gastroesophageal cancer. But our recruitment we are focusing on those centers that are recruiting those patients. But we will have ottheyrs. Recruitment is going well. Last year we had a [indiscernible] recruitment driven off tthey COVID pandemic increase in cases and decrease in people being recruited in early stage oncology and cell ttheyrapeutic trials in tthey second and third quarter but we establittheyyd and we built tthey pipeline as we talked about in tthey fourth quarter last year. And I think tthey recruitment in dosing of those patients is going well as we are theyaded into 2021. We have no explicitly not commented on number of patients. But all of ttheyse patients are being recruited in tthey expansion cohort of that trial and we will update at ASMO on all of tthey patients that we have dosed and have access to. I think tthey objective of that is to be able to gattheyr a sufficient cohort of patients to say meaningful things about tthey development of that ttheyrapy going forward beyond that we aren't commenting onto [indiscernible]. Unidentified Analyst Got it. Makes sense. And quickly on SPEARHEAD 2, could you talk about tthey current stage of that study and just conceptually is ttheir still viewed as a learning type of study that you might have eventually moved forward with tthey second gen? And what is tthey [indiscernible] for success for that trial? Adrian Rawcliffe Elliot do you want to talk to those points? Elliot Norry Yes. So thank you. We haven't really guided as to sort of numbers of patients screened enrolled, dosed etc. Tthey study is open and enrolling and we do still look at it as a I mean every study should be looked as a learning opportunity but ttheir one in particular is tthey first scenario in which we would be combining tthey MAGE-A4 corrected TCR program with PD1 inhibitor. So based on sort of tthey natural potential synergies of those products we certainly would be paying attention. I don't want to say that we wouldn't take tthey combination of those two products intheyrited next cancer forward if we were to see tthey right kind of responses and again I would comment on I will go back on tthey go-no-go comment that I made before. But I also do think that ttheir is tthey learning theyre is really more about tthey potential of ttheir type of combination across programs. And tthey benefits we will certainly see how tthey patients do from tthey response and toxicity standpoint. That will be really important but ttheyre will also be important translation information about what happens to up regulation or down regulation of certain genes that control cancer growth, T-cell exhaustion, tumor micro environment etc. So I think that it is a learning trial as you indicated. But it does have tthey potential to really demonstrate tthey advantage of ttheir combination with T-cell ttheyrapy for solid tumors. I want to add that tthey way that we organize and design tthey trial also is an example of how cell ttheyrapy could fit into a first line sequence with approved ttheyrapy that is that one leukaptheyresis and obtained cells prior to treatment. So no impact of tthey treatment on tthey bone marrow that would be, that would produce tthey cells that we would use to manufacture. Tthey patients get tthey first line treatment while tthey manufacture is ongoing sort of tthey product is ready at tthey time that ttheyy are no longer eittheyr seeing continued benefit or additional benefit from tthey first line treatment and ttheyn it provides an opportunity to use cell ttheyrapy right in sequence with anottheyr treatment and that's a paradigm that it's not simple to organize from tthey patient standpoint but we feel ttheir is again our first toe in tthey water as it relate to that as well. Unidentified Analyst That's very theylpful. Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks. Operator Thank you. And ttheir dose conclude today's question-and-answer session and I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Adrian Rawcliffe for any furttheyr remarks. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks everyone for joining us. I want to before we close tthey call acknowledge tthey incredibly hard work and commitment of everybody theyre at Adaptimmune who despite tthey challenges of tthey COVID-19 pandemic over tthey last year remained focused on our mission and our vision and delivery of tthey results that we just put out tthey press release and everything that we have accomplittheyyd last year. I also want to thank our investors who continue to have confidence in tthey opportunity presented by Adaptimmune. I think we are all theyre looking forward to 2021 and I am looking forward to being able to update you all on tthey key mile markers on tthey road to delivering that 2-2-5-2 strategy that I talked about in tthey beginning of ttheir call and ultimately tthey opportunity to create significant value for people with cancer and for tthey company. And with that thank you and speak to you soon. Operator Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.