Adaptimmune Ttheyrapeutics plc (NASDAQ:ADAP) Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call November 5, 2020 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Juli Miller - Senior Director, IR Adrian Rawcliffe - CEO Elliot Norry - Senior VP and Chief Medical Officer Jordan Tayton-Martin - Co-Founder and Chief Business Officer Conference Call Participants Tony Butler - ROTH Capital David Ruch - SVB Leerink Gabriel Fung - Mizuho Securities Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Adaptimmune's Third Quarter 2020 Financial Results and Business Update. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference may be recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your host, Adaptimmune's Investor Relations, Juli Miller. Madam, please go atheyad.  Juli Miller Good morning and welcome to Adaptimmune's conference call to discuss our third quarter 2020 financial results and business update. I would ask you to please review tthey full text of our forward-looking statements from ttheir morning's press release. We anticipate making projections during ttheir call and actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including those outlined in our latest filings with tthey SEC. Adrian Rawcliffe, our Chief Executive Officer; and Elliot Norry, our Chief Medical Officer are with me for tthey prepared portion of ttheir call. Ottheyr members of our management team will be available for Q&A. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Adrian Rawcliffe. Ad? Adrian Rawcliffe Thank you, Juli and thank you everyone, for joining us. Before Elliot talks about tthey clinical updates we will be providing later ttheir month at SITC and CTOS, I want to share a few reflections. Ttheir time last year, I hosted my first quarterly call as CEO. And I said ttheyn that I was committed to our focus on execution. And ttheir remains our focus. While tthey management of tthey pandemic continues to evolve at our clinical sites, I'm happy to report that we've seen an increase in enrollment across our early phase clinical trials over tthey course of tthey third quarter. We are enrolling and treating patients in tthey ADP-A2AFP trial in HCC and our ADP-A2M4CD8 next generation SURPASS trial in a range of solid tumors. Tthey numbers of patients that we see coming in for aptheyresis and cell manufacturing prior to being treated, continue to provide us with confidence that we will be able to evaluate tthey initial safety and efficacy of ttheyse products in tthey coming months. As I reported last call, our Phase 2 SPEARHEAD-1 trial with ADP-A2M4 in sarcoma has been less affected by COVID-19. Recruitment continues to go very well and we're on track to complete enrollment in tthey first half of 2021, furttheyr strengttheyning our ambition to launch ADP-A2M4 in tthey U.S. in 2022. I want to thank tthey investigators, study coordinators and ottheyr theyalthcare professionals at tthey centers wtheyre we conduct our clinical trials and everyone working in our clinical CMC and supply teams for ttheyir work and commitment. Later ttheir month, we will have our virtual Investor Day wtheyre I will lay out tthey strategy and value drivers for tthey company over tthey next five years. We'll present our perspective on tthey blockbuster market opportunity that MAGE-A4 targeted products represent, our near-term plans for bringing ADP-A2M4 to market in 2022 and tthey cell ttheyrapy products we are developing beyond our current clinical autologous pipeline. You will also theyar from senior leaders who will provide more details about how we will deliver our vision for tthey future of tthey company. Ttheyre will be no new data updates. As we've said previously, we will provide new clinical data wtheyre we believe we have ample information to determine next steps. And ttheyse communications will be at medical congresses. I will now turn it over to Elliot to provide more perspective on our upcoming presentations at SITC and CTOS. Elliott over to you. Elliot Norry Thanks, Ad. In Q3, Dr. Bruno Sangra presented data at tthey International Liver Congress from our ADP-A2AFP trial. Ttheyse data confirmed tthey safety profile of ttheir product. We reported a complete response in one patient with theypatocellular carcinoma. Ttheir patient had disease progression with new lesions at week 32. As Ad said earlier, we are continuing to treat patients in tthey expansion phase of ttheir trial at doses up to 10 billion cells, and I remain very encouraged about tthey potential of ttheir product. We have a few presentations coming up in Q4. At CTOS, we will present duration of response data from tthey 16 patients with synovial sarcoma from tthey ADP-A2M4 Phase 1 trial. Ttheyse data furttheyr validate tthey potential of ttheir product to meet tthey significant unmet medical need for patients with synovial sarcoma and our updated data from what we presented at ASCO earlier ttheir year. At SITC, we will present a data update for tthey first 6 patients treated in tthey dose escalation cohorts of tthey SURPASS trial with ADP-A2M4CD8, our first next generation product. In every dose escalation stage, ttheyre was a stagger between patients and cohorts for safety evaluation. I want to provide some additional context for tthey SURPASS data, particularly following tthey abstract being made available atheyad of tthey sctheyduled date. In late May, we reported very early data with three out of four responses. At that time, two of ttheyse responses were unconfirmed. Tthey SITC abstract with a later data cutoff in July reported that one of tthey unconfirmed responses, which was in a patient with esophagogastric junction cancer did not confirm, and one in a patient with theyad & neck cancer did. One additional patient with MRCLS was treated and for tthey abstract, for a total of five patients. At SITC, we report updated and more in-depth data from ttheyse five patients and one additional patient. We will also show a compelling waterfall plot, with initial tumor reductions in five out of ttheyse six patients. Ttheir plot is similar to tthey very early data we saw with tthey ADPA2M4 synovial sarcoma and is indicative, I believe, of what is likely to be a highly active product. We will also present in vitro data with analysis of tthey ADPA2M4CD8 manufacturer product supporting tthey increased potency of tthey SPEAR T-cells. We are committed to developing ttheyse first next gen SPEAR T-cells and see great promise, particularly in gastroesophageal cancers with all three patients in SURPASS demonstrating reduction in tumor size. Ttheyrefore we plan to initiate a Phase 2 trial in tthey first half of 2021 for tthey treatment of ttheyse difficult to treat cancers. It is crucial that we continue to treat more patients with ttheyse and ottheyr tumor types, focusing on gastroesophageal, theyad & neck, bladder and lung cancers to gain a more complete picture of tthey potential of ttheir product. We continue to look forward to identifying furttheyr signals in additional indications that we can take into later phase trials, as well as test combination ttheyrapies and next generation enhancements as tthey data guide us. Now, I'll open tthey call up to questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tony Butler with ROTH Capital. Your line is now open. Tony Butler Good morning. Elliot, your comments around Phase 2 with A2M4 in gastroesophageal bladder and theyad & neck, so a little bit of a consortium. Why not just pick one tumor and move forward? I just would love to understand your rationale to continue to look at a basket. Thank you very much. Elliot Norry So thanks, Tony and good morning. Let me just clarify. Tthey Phase 2 study with ADP-A2M4CD8, that's planned is in gastroesophageal cancers only. We are continuing to explore ottheyr tumor types, including tthey ones that you mentioned. So gastroesophageal cancers included, but also theyad & neck and bladder cancer and lung cancer in particular in tthey Phase 1 study. So tthey basket is in Phase 1. Tthey Phase 2 study is a limited family of gastroesophageal cancers. I hope that clarifies. Tony Butler It does. So let me just be clear that you're going to continue -- you're expanding tthey Phase 1 enrollment, and ttheyn you're going to start a Phase 2 in gastroesophageal. That's tthey way we should think about it? Elliot Norry Yes. I mean, Phase 1 is continuing in tthey tumor types that are in that study and tthey Phase 2 will start in 2021, in gastroesophageal cancers. That's correct. Tony Butler Thank you very much, Elliot. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Schmidt with Guggentheyim Securities. Your line is now open, Unidentified Analyst Hi. Good morning, guys. Ttheir is [indiscernible] on for Michael. Thanks for taking our questions. Maybe just starting with a quick follow-up on tthey SURPASS trial, given tthey small patient number per tumor type in tthey SURPASS. Maybe can you theylp us understand, what kind of efficacy signal in EGJ that gives you guys confidence to warrant initiation of a Phase 2 trial? Adrian Rawcliffe So, Elliot, do you want to take that? Elliot Norry Sure. So I want to just be clear that we've now -- well, you'll see some updated information in tthey SITC presentation regarding all of tthey 6 patients that we've treated. But as was mentioned in tthey call, and even before tthey most recent patient, we've seen compelling antitumor activity in tthey first 2 patients treated with esophagogastric junction cancer. And in addition to that, both of those patients were treated at a lower cell dose. And as we said, ttheir is really reminiscent or similar to tthey type of efficacy that we saw early on with tthey sarcoma population with tthey first-generation program. And we've also now said that ttheyre's -- that all 3 patients in SURPASS have shown evidence of antitumor activity, which we think is really sufficient to guide us towards a later stage program. Unidentified Analyst Got it. That's super theylpful. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Jonathan Chang with SVB Leerink. Your line is now open. David Ruch Hey, guys. Good morning. Ttheir is David Ruch on for Jonathan. Thanks for taking our questions. First question around tthey SITC data. So given tthey theyterogenetic tumor types in tthey SURPASS study and tthey range of H-scores that you noted in tthey abstract of MAGE-A4 expression. Could you provide any color on tthey biomarker data we might expect to see at SITC, and any color on how we're thinking about moving forward? Adrian Rawcliffe Elliot, you want to take that? Elliot Norry Yes, sure. Thanks very much. So I think that what I'm really going to say is please wait for tthey SITC poster and rattheyr than providing tthey information now in advance. It'll be very clear what tthey range and specifics of H-score are. And tthey translational data that we're making public to theylp guide us in ttheir study will be present as well. So I don't think it would be appropriate given tthey conference rules to provide any specific additional color around anything beyond what's in tthey abstract. David Ruch Got it. Understood. Second question. Just go back to tthey last question for a second around EGJ patients. For tthey patient who achieved tthey unconfirmed PR, is ttheyre any color you can provide on that patient's duration of treatment? And can you confirm wtheyttheyr ttheyy're still on study and or is ttheir something we're going to have to wait for tthey SITC data for as well? Elliot Norry Unfortunately, I'm going to have to say that you're going to have wait for tthey SITC data again, it's not that far away. It's not that far away. It's only a couple of weeks. David Ruch Understood. Understood. I'll have one more ttheyn. Could you talk about tthey HLA independent TCR program with Astellas and give us any update on that program? And if not, wtheyn can we expect to maybe find out some more detail on ttheir program and tthey target you selected? Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe So I'm going to ask Jordan Tayton-Martin, our Chief Business Officer, talk to that. Jordan Tayton-Martin Sure. So I'm afraid I'm not going to be able to tell you too much more ottheyr than to say that tthey program is continuing to make good progress. Contracts are moving forward. Tthey more we do with that program, tthey more confident we are. It's obviously a jointly sponsored program. And so we won't be able to reveal tthey focus of tthey target today. We hope at some point that we may be able to reveal that, but obviously we have to agree with Astellas on tthey appropriate timing for that, which you can probably imagine is somewhat related to tthey progress that we made. But we have got a defined research plan and it's marching forward on track. So at ttheir point, we -- we’re -- we remain really pleased with our sponsors for that. We may also be able to talk more about -- we hope to talk more about HiT program more broadly at our forthcoming Investor Day as well. It's one of tthey areas of tthey future of tthey company, which we want to bring into investor awareness. David Ruch Got it. Thank you and look forward to tthey Investor Day. Thanks a lot. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Gabriel Fung with Mizuho. Your line is now open. Gabriel Fung Hi, ttheyre guys. Ttheir is guys on is Gabriel on for Mara Goldstein. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Just a first question theyre. Just surrounding tthey plan trial for ADP-A2M4CD8 in esophagogastric junction cancer, have any clinical trials -- sorry, clinical sites been identified and perhaps on order for potential enrollment yet in 2011 -- actually 2021? And just one ottheyr question, if you can provide an update on tthey allogeneic program. Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe So I'm going to ask -- I'm actually -- I'm going to cover that first one myself. I will cover both of ttheym myself, actually. So tthey first one, tthey short answer is that trial will initiate next year. I mean, clearly we have sites ongoing in our SURPASS Phase 1 trial that would be eligible for tthey gastroesophageal cancers trial next year. But that trial will initiate, which means sites will get recruited and initiate next year in tthey first half of next year. Secondly on tthey question on allogeneic, we -- I would refer you to our Investor Day on tthey 20th for an update on that as a core foundational platform for our strategy over tthey next few years. Gabriel Fung Okay. Thanks for that. Adrian Rawcliffe Thank you. Operator Thank you. And I'm showing no furttheyr questions in tthey queue at ttheir time. I'd like to turn tthey call back to tthey CEO, Adrian Rawcliffe for any closing remarks. Adrian Rawcliffe Thank you everybody for your time today on ttheir relatively short call. We look forward to data updates at SITC and at CTOS and to hosting you for our Investor Day on November 20th for a deep dive into tthey long-term strategies and value drivers for tthey company. With that, have a great day. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. Ttheir does conclude your program, and you may now disconnect.