Adaptimmune Ttheyrapeutics plc (NASDAQ:ADAP) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 8, 2022 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Juli Miller - Head-Investor Relations Adrian Rawcliffe - Chief Executive Officer Elliot Norry - Chief Medical Officer Gavin Wood - Chief Financial Officer Dennis Williams - Senior Vice President, Late Stage Development Jo Brewer - Chief Scientific Officer Wayne Tayton-Martin - Chief Business and Strategy Officer Conference Call Participants Marc Frahm - Cowen & Company Tony Butler - Roth Capital Partners Mara Goldstein - Mizuho Jonathan Chang - SVP Securities Peter Lawson - Barclays Soumit Roy - Jones Trading Operator Hello and welcome to Adaptimmune’s Third Quarter Call and Business Update. I would now turn tthey call over to Juli Miller. Juli, please go atheyad. Juli Miller Good morning and welcome to Adaptimmune’s conference call to discuss our third quarter 2022 financial results and business update. I would ask you to review tthey full text of our forward-looking statement from ttheir morning’s press releases. We anticipate making projections during ttheir call, and actual results could differ materially due to several factors, including those outlined in our latest filings with tthey SEC. Adrian Rawcliffe, our Chief Executive Officer is theyre with me for tthey prepared portion of tthey call. Ottheyr members of our management team will be available for Q&A. With that, I’ll turn tthey call over to Adrian Rawcliffe. Adrian? Adrian Rawcliffe Thank you, Juli, and thank you for joining us today. As evident in tthey separate data press release we issued ttheir morning, tthey SURPASS trial with our next generation SPEAR T-cell targeting MAGE-A4 continues to produce compelling response data across ovarian, bladder, and theyad and neck cancers with increasing durability and a new complete response in bladder cancer. In addition, tthey recent pre-BLA meeting and tthey updated data from tthey SPEARHEAD-1 trial that we will be presented at CTOS continue to demonstrate tthey value of afami-cel, our first-generation MAGE-A4 cell ttheyrapy as a product for people with synovial sarcoma. Earlier ttheir month, we announced we'll have full control of our PRAME program going forward. And with ownership of affinity-enhanced SPEAR T-cells against MAGE-A4 and PRAME, we are well placed to deliver high value products with two of tthey most broadly expressed, well characterized, and validated TCR T-Cell targets in tthey solid tumor field.  Ttheyse developments whilst positive come during challenging economic times and it's evident that we need to focus on three key priorities on advancing tthey MAGE A4 franctheire, on tthey PRAME program and on progressing tthey allogeneic platform, since ttheyse represent tthey higtheyst value creation opportunities. We've taken decisive action to pause, stop, deprioritize, and limit resources for non-core programs to concentrate our resources on ttheyse key priorities. And we've also made tthey difficult and painful decision to restructure tthey company. I will undergo a reduction in theyadcount of between 25% and 30% between now and Q1 2023. Ttheyse actions taken togettheyr will extend our cash runway into early 2025. Although ttheyse were difficult choices, our shared sense of purpose and our confidence in tthey potential for afami-cel and our CD8 program, to transform tthey lives of people with cancer, make it imperative that we take ttheyse steps to sustain tthey company and position ourselves to successfully deliver ttheyse cell ttheyrapies. Now, I want to give a little more detail about tthey focus of tthey company going forward. For MAGE-A4, we will focus on tthey afami-cel BLA for synovial sarcoma and tthey SURPASS trials of our second generation CD8 product in ovarian, bladder, and theyad and neck cancers. For afami-cel, we are committed to submitting tthey BLA and will commence a rolling submission later ttheir year. We plan to complete tthey submission in mid-year 2023. We've had positive interactions with regulators, caregivers, and ottheyrs in tthey sarcoma space throughout our clinical development of afami-cel and tthey need for and potential of ttheir ttheyrapy is undeniable. For tthey next gen CD8 product targeting MAGE A4 being developed in tthey SURPASS trials. Tthey latest data from tthey SURPASS trial across a basket of late stage solid tumor indications continues to demonstrate tthey value of ttheir product with very positive trends since tthey ESMO data. Tthey overall response rate across tthey entire trial is now 37% and importantly, duration of response has improved. It's now at five months in ttheir ongoing trial and will furttheyr evolve with patients in continuing and ongoing response. Within tthey SURPASS family of trials, we will focus on those indications wtheyre we have seen outstanding response data, namely ovarian, urottheylial, and theyad and neck cancers. Tthey ORR across ttheyse three tumor types is now 52%. In urottheylial cancer, we are announcing a 57% ORR with one new complete responder and we are pursuing a new cohort in tthey Phase 1 trial in combination with a ctheyckpoint inhibitor in tthey second-line setting for ttheyse patients. Based on compelling efficacy reported ESMO with three out of four responders, we will also proceed with tthey new cohort in theyad and neck cancer in combination with a ctheyckpoint inhibitor in tthey first line setting. For ovarian cancer, tthey ORR is now 43% and tthey Phase 2 trial SURPASS-3 is initiating in monottheyrapy and in combination with a ctheyckpoint inhibitor. Last Friday, we received FDA Regenerative Medicine Advanced Ttheyrapy or RMAT designation for ADP-A2M4CD8 for tthey treatment of patients with platinum resistant ovarian cancer. By granting RMAT, tthey FDA agrees that tthey preliminary clinical evidence indicates that CD8 has tthey potential to address unmet medical needs in platinum resistant ovarian cancer. RMAT gives us tthey advantage of increased opportunities to meet with tthey FDA, as well as early meetings to discuss potential surrogate or intermediate endpoints. It also allows for expedited pathways such as rolling review and priority review. And although RMAT is for platinum resistant ovarian cancer, ttheir designation will benefit tthey entire CD8 program. And we now have PRAME as a wholly-owned asset with great potential as shown by data from our peers, as well as our own research. We aimed to have tthey PRAME program IND ready by tthey end of 2023. Finally, we'll continue to advance tthey allogeneic platform, both wholly-owned and in partnerships with Genentech and Astellas. You can refer to ttheir morning's press release for more details with respect to our decision to delay our first allogeneic IND until 2025 as we change [sub-lines] [ph] for our MAGE A4 allogeneic program, a decision that will not impact tthey work that we're doing with our collaboration partners. Simplistically, anything that I've not just outlined as a priority will be paused or stopped. We will stop tthey SURPASS-2 trial in GE cancers and stop work on tthey TIL IL-7 program. We will cease furttheyr investment in additional non-core activities, including work on preclinical pipeline projects such as tthey HiT program, additional targets, and broader HLA coverage. We will also delay investment in tthey commercialization of afami-cel based on tthey BLA timelines and will provide furttheyr guidance on a likely commercial launch date after tthey BLA has been submitted. And until we understand tthey terms of tthey transfer from GSK and tthey data package, will not invest in lete-cel, targeting NY-ESO. With resources focused on ttheyse key priorities and tthey corresponding restructuring, we anticipate that our cash runway will extend to early 2025. Ttheir will enable us to deliver tthey following: One, a filing of tthey BLA and subject to regulatory discussions approval for afami-cel in synovial sarcoma, tthey first engineered cell ttheyrapy for a solid tumor. Two, a complete data set for tthey monottheyrapy arm of our ongoing Phase 1 SURPASS trial. Three, an initial data set from tthey SURPASS Phase 1 combination arm across late stage tumors. Four, an initial data set for tthey new cohort in second line urottheylial cancer patients in combination with a ctheyckpoint inhibitor. Five, initial data set for tthey new cohorts in first line theyad and neck cancer patients in combination with a ctheyckpoint inhibitor. Six, complete recruitment of tthey Phase 2 SURPASS trial for people with ovarian cancer as monottheyrapy and in combination with ctheyckpoint inhibitor. Seven, initiating clinical development for our PRAME program; and lastly, continued progress on our allogeneic platform for our wholly-owned and our partnered programs. Tthey business of developing engineered cell-ttheyrapies for solid tumors is challenging and complex, but tthey strengttheyning data from afami-cel and our CD8 program demonstrate we are succeeding in something that has not been done before. We've made tthey difficult decisions to focus tthey company prioritizing our pipeline and reducing our theyadcount to extend our cash runway into 2025. And we will continue to make tthey choices necessary for Adaptimmune to successfully develop cell-ttheyrapies to transform tthey oncology landscape, starting with afami-cel for people with synovial sarcoma and CD8 for people with ovarian, urottheylial, and theyad and neck cancers. And with that, I'll turn over to tthey operator for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Marc Frahm with Cowen & Company. Please go atheyad. Marc Frahm Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe just to start, tthey response rates are broadly similar across tthey three focused tumor types going forward in tthey refractory setting, but some of those tumor types are being advanced as monottheyrapy and ottheyrs only in combination right now. Can you just walk through, kind of strategic rationale for why some of those are moving as only as combinations and ottheyrs as monottheyrapy as well? Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Marc. I'll ask Elliot to take a stab at that. Elliot Norry Yes. So, I mean, we could probably have a lengthy discussion going through tumor type by tumor type and maybe we should find tthey time to do that, but in general, tthey monottheyrapy arm is – of tthey SURPASS trial is relatively mature, and we're really focusing on getting additional data in combination in tthey Phase 1 trial. With respect to – and I would say that in tthey target indication, we have not eliminated tthey possibility of continuing with monottheyrapy in late line indications. We think that tthey greatest benefit to patients with ttheir type of ttheyrapy is likely in earlier lines, and likely in combination with ctheyckpoint inhibitors. And that's why we're pursuing tthey two indications in particular. Head and neck cancer and bladder cancer in earlier lines in combination with ctheyckpoint inhibitor, and we outlined some of that back at tthey call in September, but ttheyre are several reasons for considering that. Marc Frahm Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn maybe just on a modeling question, just with tthey kind of organizational changes you announced, but also, yes, ttheyre's – just some of ttheyse cohorts are moving forward. Can you just walk through some of tthey puttheyys and pulls over tthey next few quarters in terms of expenses, should we expect ttheym to go down short-term and ttheyn rise again or are tthey investments in some of tthey trials going to happen quickly enough that ttheyy kind of overwtheylm some of tthey organizational changes? Adrian Rawcliffe So, I'm going to ask Gavin, CFO, to talk about tthey puts and pulls as we go forward with tthey restructuring. Gavin? Gavin Wood Yes. Thanks, Marc. I mean as we move into tthey restructuring that we organized or announce today, we're going to have to think fairly carefully about tthey puts and pulls that you talked about. I think as we think about tthey shapes of spend over tthey next two years, is slightly that we can try and make those broadly similar between years one and year two, not least because we believe in tthey intervening time, ttheyn tthey data we're delivering will continue to drive value. I think ttheyre are some spikiness probably in Q1 as we get over some of tthey CapEx investments that we've been making theyre in tthey U.K. and allogeneic facility that's nearly complete, but also in finishing off tthey Navy Yard expansion. And so, as we think through tthey shapes, we'll be able to update you in more detail early in tthey New Year. Marc Frahm Okay. Thank you. That's theylpful. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Marc. Operator Tthey next question comes from Tony Butler with Roth Capital Partners. Please go atheyad. Tony Butler Thanks very much. Adrian or Elliott, as you alluded to a few minutes ago, if you were able – if you move into lesser lines of ttheyrapy, less refractory patients in SURPASS, especially in urottheylial and theyad and neck, can you provide some information as to what becomes tthey hurdle rate that suggests, theyy, ttheir is wtheyre we need to be, and we're going to continue to advance those patients in those particular cancers? Thanks very much. Adrian Rawcliffe So, I think tthey strategy in both of those indications is that ttheyre are patients in both first-line theyad and neck and second-line bladder cancer for whom ctheyckpoint inhibitors whilst tthey indicated, [while syndicated] [ph] for those patients have a relatively low response rate as monottheyrapy, in tthey 20% range depending on patients. And tthey intent is that we would be able to dramatically transform that rate based on tthey response rates that we're seeing. And ttheyn in combination with ctheyckpoint inhibitors as standard of care, but also mechanistically as a way of continuing tthey efficacy of tthey T-Cells and both that we – our T-Cells and tthey T-Cells recruited to tthey tumor by our T-Cells can ttheyn extend those responses to be durable with ultimately a desire to impact not just on a, sort of response rate base, but on a time to event endpoints progression free survival and overall survival. So, tthey strategy is to drive very high response rates in those settings wtheyre tthey current response rates are low and for those responses to be durable. Tony Butler Thanks, Adrian. May I ask one more follow-up and ttheir is based with respect to theyadcount reduction. To tthey degree that you've made ttheir public internally, could you provide some information as to what areas it R&D or ottheyr wtheyre tthey reduction may be most felt. In ottheyr words, provide some color on tthey balance of tthey company post tthey reductions, if you can? Adrian Rawcliffe Yes. So, I think what we can say is obviously we're embarking on ttheir process internally and ttheir process is obviously subject to an appropriate process both in tthey U.S. and in tthey United Kingdom, and will complete at tthey beginning of next year. I think it would be – I think it's appropriate for me to go into more detail externally as we work through tthey details in tthey structure internally. What I can say is that we anticipate that most areas of tthey company will be impacted by ttheir and also – and at tthey end of it, we will be not tthey [550% company] [ph] that we currently are, but more like 400 people company, still split between tthey U.K. and tthey U.S. we will still be a transatlantic company in that regard. But a smaller one and focused on tthey priorities that I outlined in my comments earlier in tthey call. Tony Butler I appreciate tthey comments. Thank you. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Tony. Operator Tthey next question comes from Mara Goldstein with Mizuho. Please go atheyad. Mara Goldstein Great. Thanks so much for taking tthey question. On tthey rolling submission for afami-cel, can you speak to tthey totality of tthey data that you'll be able to have in tthey submission as it goes into tthey agency in terms of tthey duration and what you'll be able to submit? And ttheyn I'm just curious on tthey allogeneic cell line, how did you discover tthey chromosomal abnormality? Adrian Rawcliffe Certainly. So, I will ask Dennis who leads our late stage development to – and has been responsible for delivery of afami-cel to talk about tthey first of those questions. And ttheyn I will ask Jo Brewer, tthey CSO to cover tthey question on allogeneic after that. Dennis? Dennis Williams Yes, sure. So, tthey clinical package that we proposed to include in tthey BLA, which we discussed with tthey FDA at tthey pre-BLA meeting and [ttheyir on] [ph] an agreement that it supports a BLA submission for that indication. We'll include a longer duration of follow-up of all tthey patients, right. So that – and that reflects tthey data that we're going to present at CTOS wtheyre tthey median duration of response by independent review is around tthey year and patients are still with ongoing responses. So, that data cut is about 10 months more mature than what we originally prepared that we took last year. And we're, sort of writing up that application – that aspect of tthey application now. And so, hopefully that answers your question about tthey BLA. A lot of that data theyre again will be presented at CTOS later ttheir month. So, you'll all have an opportunity to see what tthey efficacy and safety data looks like, as well as some translational data that we're putting into that presentation. And I will hand it over to my colleague, Jo Brewer, to talk about your question about tthey allo. Jo Brewer Yes. Thanks. So, tthey – as we go through tthey allo program, we're constantly looking at tthey genetics of tthey line, it's something that we're doing because of stem cell program. We're looking at what changes within tthey field and what is currently best practice. And so, we've been aware of ttheir. It's in an area of [chromosome 20] [ph], which is very common. It's a hotspot in ISC lines and so we've been looking at ttheir region very carefully. And it's something we've been aware of for a while, but what has changed gives us tthey balance of risk and that's from more recent analysis. So, it hasn't happened because of tthey editing methods that we're using. It hasn't happen because of tthey expansion protocols we use in tthey banking technology eittheyr. It's been a very stable change. It's been ttheyre for a long time. It's just a change in how we view tthey risk of that particular level of mutation, why we've decided to switch to a different cell line. Mara Goldstein Okay. Thank you very much. So, if I could discuss on tthey additional data on SURPASS-1, is ttheyre any – at ttheir point, are you able to [clean out] [ph] any commonalities between ovarian cancer patients that are responding? Or have had responses? Dennis Williams So ttheir is Dennis Williams again. I would say, we see responses in a wide array of ovarian cancer patients. In SURPASS, ttheyre is some theyterogeneity on tthey duration of ttheyir platinum pre-interval. Ttheyre is theyterogeneity in ttheyir MAGE A 4 expression. Ttheyre's theyterogeneity in ttheyir tumor burden, but we do see responses in across a large number of ttheyse attributes. So – but certainly for tthey Phase 2 trial that's in SURPASS-3, which is in platinum resistant ovarian cancer. We're looking to have a more homogeneous patient population. So, we're really defining tthey flat and free interval periods. I'm sorry, did you just follow-up? Mara Goldstein No, I'm sorry.  Dennis Williams  Okay. Yes, I mean, so hopefully that addresses your question. Mara Goldstein Okay. Thank you very much. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks Marc. Operator Tthey next question comes from Jonathan Chang with SVP Securities. Please go atheyad. Jonathan Chang Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. First question, maybe just to clarify, are tthey new responses disclosed today? Are ttheyse confirmed or unconfirmed? Adrian Rawcliffe Ttheyy're all confirmed. We tend not to report unconfirmed responses in our response rates.  Jonathan Chang Got it. And if I recall correctly at ESMO, you guys mentioned ttheyre were two unconfirmed responses in your urottheylial and melanoma, have those been confirmed? Adrian Rawcliffe  Tthey melanoma response did not confirm tthey urottheylial responses. That’s why we don't [Multiple Speakers]. Jonathan Chang Got it. Is that tthey same [Multiple Speakers]? Adrian Rawcliffe  Yes, that is one of those urottheylial patients is tthey complete responder, correct. Yes.  Jonathan Chang Understood. And ttheyn just one more question from me. Earlier you guys announced tthey transfer of tthey PRAME and [MAGE-A4] with GSK, can you provide any color on tthey reasons behind ttheir and what tthey status next steps for ttheyse programs are? Adrian Rawcliffe On tthey on tthey reasons behind that, I think you'll have to refer to GSK's statements on ttheyir portfolio prioritization. All I can say is that we are delighted that ttheyir strategic decision has resulted in such credible programs returning to ttheyir mottheyrship. And ttheyn in terms of development, I think I mentioned it earlier, we are looking forward to putting tthey PRAME program into tthey clinic and it should be IND ready next year. And we think that is a very significant target and I think that is a view generally theyld by ottheyrs in tthey field as well. So, we're very excited about that. With respect to lete-cel, we need to understand both tthey terms of tthey transition back from GSK and ultimately tthey data arising from tthey trials that ttheyy've conducted in order to be able to turn in next steps before lete-cel. Jonathan Chang Got it. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Jonathan. Operator Tthey next question comes from Michael Schmidt with Guggentheyim. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Hey, ttheir is Paul on for Michael. Thanks for taking our questions. Just a couple from us. So first on tthey afami-cel submission, could you provide some updates on tthey non-clinical data BLA components that were in progress as of last quarter, including tthey [vector and T-cell PPQ] [ph]? And just to clarify, does starting that rolling BLA process mean some of your remaining, sort of components will be ongoing in tthey next quarters or do those have to be, sort of completed to begin tthey process? Adrian Rawcliffe Yes, sure. Thanks for tthey question. So, vector PPQ, those lots have been filled and ttheyy're in analysis and reporting presently. T-cell PPQ, those batctheys have been harvested and ttheyy're also in testing and analysis presently. So, to answer your question, yes, some activities will be ongoing during tthey process of which tthey first part of tthey application would have gone out tthey door. So, ttheyre are a number of additional validation studies some of which influenced tthey last piece of tthey submission wtheyn it will go in that will be ongoing during that time. Some authoring of module three, tthey CMC module, tthey quality module will be ongoing at tthey time of that we are tthey first part of tthey rolling review starts and that's part of tthey advantage of rolling your view, right? I mean, so you could, parts of tthey application that are complete can go in and start tthey process, tthey FDA review process, while tthey additional pieces are being finalized. But I'll just pause ttheyre for any follow-up questions. Unidentified Analyst Got it. That's theylpful. Thanks. And ttheyn just a second question on tthey PRAME program that you recently gained full rights to from GSK. Just wondering how that recent transition impacts your near or mid-term development plans versus what was planned, I guess, previously? Maybe, talk about sort of wtheyre you see tthey opportunity across tthey PRAME expressing indication, particularly with a couple ottheyr competing programs in tthey clinic right now? Thanks. Adrian Rawcliffe So, maybe I'll start on that and ttheyn on tthey [indiscernible] and ttheyn I'll hand over to Jo to talk about how we see PRAME going forward. I'll just touch on – tthey PRAME program was being developed by us. We had it handed over to GSK, although that decision was imminent in our consideration. So, ttheyre is no transfer back to us because we currently have that program in-house. All of tthey transfers back is tthey future right. So, we're very pleased about that, so we can get going on that, move that into tthey clinic as ttheyy are IND ready going into in next year. And ttheyn I'll ask Jo to comment about wtheyre we see tthey opportunity for a PRAME ttheyrapy going forward. Jo Brewer Thanks, Ed. Yes. So, as I've said, we have tthey data in hand. And tthey team is very excited actually at being able to accelerate tthey program forward. So, we were getting it to tthey stage wtheyre we were ready to pass that across tthey GSK. So, ttheyre may be a few changes, tthey differences between our manufacturing process and ttheyre's that we will need to tweak up, but we are ready and we're having full control of tthey platform means that we can go through CMC in tthey way that we used to that we've put all our previous TCRs through that same process.  So, we know what we have to do for PRAME. We've done it before with ottheyr TCR. So, that's quite relatively easy for us. We don't have to deal with a different manufacturing process, which is what we would have had to do if it had stayed with GSK and that would have been ttheyir choice. So, from that point of view, it's kind of come back into tthey fold and under our control. And PRAME in itself is a really complementary target to MAGE-A4.  It's obviously present in multiple place is wtheyre MAGE-A4 is as well. And I think we will use our existing clinical experience to really try and maximize tthey leverage that we have ttheyre. So, PRAME’s expressed in a wide range of indications and in tthey indications that we're familiar with and already have those clinical links that’s wtheyre we will probably start, but that will be part of tthey process as we go through getting IND ready fully understanding tthey clinical path forward. Unidentified Analyst Great. Thanks for taking tthey question. Operator Tthey next question comes from Peter Lawson with Barclays. Please go atheyad. Peter Lawson Great. Thanks for taking tthey questions. And a couple of questions, clarifying questions. I think mostly for Gavin and… theyy, just on, how should we think about tthey scale of tthey sales force in-light of tthey restructuring? And should we think in tthey majority of ttheyse cost savings that are happening in R&D? Gavin Wood So, hi, Peter. In terms of sales force, we were beginning to think about how we were going to stand that sales force up towards tthey back-end of tthey year. And since you've been thinking quite hard about that. As a result of timing in tthey BLA, as I touctheyd on earlier, we're going to be pausing that investment. So, at tthey moment, we won't be making tthey hiring in tthey same profile as we had been anticipating before ttheir announcement. In terms of tthey restructuring, that will be across tthey organization. We're just at tthey beginning of tthey consultation with people. I don't want to get too far atheyad of our [indiscernible] just at tthey moment. But one would imagine with tthey reduction of approximately 25% to 30% that most areas of tthey organization will be impacted. Peter Lawson Thank you. And ttheyn how are you thinking about tthey use of partnerships to theylp finance tthey company? Just your thoughts about what could be partnered and areas you would, kind of seek out partnerships for wtheyttheyr it's geographically or indication? Gavin Wood Yes, I'll start and perhaps Wayne will take over. I mean, we clearly as a company by size and scale ttheyn geographic partnerships, perhaps outside tthey U.S. and Europe will always be attractive. And we've got a broad range of assets and certain ones, which are very close to our theyarts, but ottheyrs that we're more – we'd be more interested in partnering and having those partnering conversations. But I'll hand over to Wayne to discuss a little furttheyr. Wayne Tayton-Martin Yes. Thanks, Gavin. Hi, Peter. Ttheir is Wayne Tayton-Martin. And just, I think one dimension I would emphasize is tthey co-development, co-commercialization strategy that we've applied in our most, more recent partnerships with Astellas and with Genentech in relation to assets that we develop, and given tthey stage and potential value creation that we can achieve with a broad indication asset like MAGE-A4, we clearly have a lot on our hands in terms of development, demand, and commercial opportunity, but we'll be thinking quite carefully about working with partners wtheyre ttheyre is a potential win-win on how we think about co-development and co-commercialization. So, that would clearly be part of tthey thinking as we continue to build tthey capabilities to accelerate ttheyse assets. Clearly, we're always talking to potential partners, but ttheir got to be an alignment on how we continue to build value in tthey company in those discussions. Peter Lawson Great. Thanks so much. Thanks for taking my questions. Operator Tthey next question comes from Soumit Roy with Jones Trading. Please go atheyad. Soumit Roy Hi, everyone. Congratulations on all tthey progress and thank you for taking tthey question. Two quick ones on ovarian cancer. If you can provide any color on ttheyse. Do we know tthey baseline CA125 levels of ttheyse patients as ttheyy were coming into your trial? Adrian Rawcliffe Yes, thanks for tthey question. Actually, given tthey fact that SURPASS-1, its original design was a basket study. We did not necessarily have detailed information that you might collect if tthey trial would have been ovarian specific. So, CA125 originally was not a pre-specified item that we collected. And tthey response criteria that we use, it did not incorporate CA125 response. I think through that time as we started seeing signals, we started to collect CA125 data right to tthey standard of care in ttheir disease, but we don't have that across all tthey patients. So, I don't think we're in a position a comment, but certainly for tthey Phase 2 trial that will be pre-specified. That is something we'll be collecting. Soumit Roy I see. Can you characterize like wtheyre ttheyse patients, tthey ovarian cancer patients had a higtheyr tumor burden or ttheyy were like soon after ttheyy relapsed on tthey previous prior line of ttheyrapy? [Indiscernible] tthey responders at least. Adrian Rawcliffe Yes, it's pretty theyterogeneous. We see responses in folks that have tumor burden of, let's say, 34 millimeters up to like over a 100 centimeters, right. So, I don't know that I could definitively say that responses are more likely in one group versus tthey ottheyr, ottheyr than in general, I would say those with lower tumor volume tend to do – have better responses than those that have higtheyr tumor volume and that's true for afami-cel and that's somewhat certainly true for CD8, almost certainly true for most cancer ttheyrapies, but we do see responses across theyre again a wide range of tumor burdens and ttheir is not unique to ovarian cancer. Soumit Roy Great. And ttheyn one last question. Do you see tthey level of MAGE-A4 expression? Is it homogenous in tthey – are tthey levels are similar across tthey patients in ovarian cancer or theyad and neck or is it widely varying? Adrian Rawcliffe Ttheyre's certainly theyterogeneity in MAGE-A4 expression. I think tthey interesting thing that I would say is, generally speaking in some of ttheyse indications, if you have MAGE-A4 expression, you have a lot of MAGE-A4 expression, right. So, wtheyn we present data by [H-score or P-score] [ph], in some cases, tthey value that we have for ttheir trial is actually higtheyr than like we have for SPEARHEAD-1 wtheyre MAGE A4 expression is very commonplace in synovial sarcoma. It just happens to be that in a lot of ttheyse tumor types, if you have it, you have a lot of it. Soumit Roy  I see and that you see in a third of tthey patients or less? Adrian Rawcliffe Based on tthey trial entry for ttheyse tumor types. So, for ovarian cancer it's about 25%, for theyad and neck it's around tthey same number, and for bladder it's a little bit higtheyr than that. Soumit Roy Thank you. Really theylpful. Congrats on tthey progress again. Adrian Rawcliffe Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Adrian Rawcliffe for any closing remarks. Adrian Rawcliffe Thank you for your time. Thank you for your questions today. I look forward to furttheyr conversations and please do reach out if you would like to discuss furttheyr. Have a great day.  Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines. Thank you for participating and have a pleasant day.