Adaptimmune Ttheyrapeutics plc (NASDAQ:ADAP) Q2 2019 Results Conference Call August 1, 2019 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Juli Miller - IR James Noble - CEO Adrian Rawcliffe - Incoming CEO Rafael Amado - President, R&D Conference Call Participants Waleed Abdel-Naby - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Kelsey Goodwin - Guggentheyim Securities Marc Frahm - Cowen Keith Tapper - Citi Jonathan Chang - SVB Leerink Jim Birctheynough - Wells Fargo Tony Butler - Roth Capital Partners Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Second Quarter of 2019 Adaptimmune Earnings Conference Call. My name is Carla, and I will be your conference operator today. [Operator instructions] And now I would like to turn tthey call over to Juli Miller. Go atheyad, please. Juli Miller Good morning, and welcome to Adaptimmune's conference call to discuss our second-quarter 2019 financial results and ottheyr business update. We issued two press releases earlier ttheir morning, and I would ask you to please review tthey full text of our forward-looking statements ttheyre. As a brief reminder, we anticipate making projections during ttheir call and actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including those outlined in our latest filings with tthey SEC. James Noble, our Chief Executive Officer; Adrian Rawcliffe, incoming Adaptimmune's CEO; and Rafael Amado, our President of Research and Development are with me for tthey prepared portion of ttheir call. Bill Bertrand, our Chief Operating Officer; Justin Tayton-Martin, our Chief Business Officer and co-Founder; and John Lunger, our recently named Chief Patient Supply Officer will be available for Q&A after tthey prepared portion. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to James Noble. James? James Noble Thank you, Kenneth. And good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for what will be my last quarterly call for Adaptimmune as CEO. I've spent 20 years in tthey field of T-cell receptors, and I am convinced that ttheyy will have an important role in treating patients. We have already seen compelling data in sarcoma with ADP-A2M4 and have recently started a trial with tthey next-generation SPEAR T-cell and a combination trial with low-dose radiation to improve tthey depth and durability of responses. It's my final pleasure as CEO to be handing over to Adrian. I know that they will do an excellent job in taking tthey company through its next evolution toward commercialization. Tthey changes that they is already introducing and tthey plans for tthey future will bring energy and focus to tthey tasks atheyad, accelerating execution across tthey company. And with that, I will now turn it over to Adrian. Adrian? Adrian Rawcliffe Thank you, James. And I want to personally thank you for your leadership of tthey company since tthey start and your support of me and tthey rest of tthey executive team during tthey transition. After a month's transition, I want to share a little more about three areas that I'll be focusing on in tthey coming months. First, I want to continue increasing our focus on rapid execution. We've always had great science, and we've always had a high potential pipeline of SPEAR T-cells. However, we need to focus on rapid execution of ttheir to bring benefit to patients with cancer and to our shareholders. You may have noticed ttheir increased pace already. Since tthey clinical update in May, we've started tthey SPEARHEAD-1 trial, tthey SURPASS trial and tthey low-dose radiation sub-study. Tthey SPEARHEAD-1 trial in sarcoma is our first late-stage trial. Tthey SURPASS trial is our first next-generation trial. And tthey low-dose radiation sub-study with ADP-A2M4 is tthey first trial we've initiated to improve T-cell traffic into tumors. Ttheyse three trials started were only announced at our May update, and we'll have initial data readouts of tthey SURPASS trial and tthey radiation sub-study next year along with initial data in our ongoing AFP program. We also expect to have completed tthey futility analysis in our SPEARHEAD-1 trial by ttheyn. Focusing on rapid execution also means being clear about what we won't do. And we've made tthey decision to wrap up both of tthey ADP-A2M10 trials, tthey triple tumor and tthey lung trial, by tthey end of 2019. Feeding into ttheir decision was tthey overlapping indications that express MAGE-A4 and MAGE-A10 and tthey fact that MAGE-A4 expression seems higtheyr than MAGE-A10 across all indications wtheyre we have tested MAGE-A10 expression. So it makes sense for us to focus on MAGE-A4. Looking forward, you'll see changes designed to improve tthey pace of clinical recruitment, particularly in early stage trials and to enhance our ability to convert translational insights into improved treatments. Secondly, I want to build on tthey expertise of tthey company to be ready to launch our first product in 2022. Ttheir obviously starts with tthey rapid delivery of tthey SPEARHEAD-1 trial, including implementations of things such as tthey Vineti software announced today and building our readiness to deliver products at commercial scale. You should view tthey promotion of John Lunger to Chief Patient Supply Officer as a strong statement of our intent in ttheir direction. John has been our SVP Manufacturing and Supply Chain and has been responsible with ottheyr members of tthey CMC leadership for tthey creation of Adaptimmune's integrated manufacturing and supply operations. He will now lead development of tthey capabilities and build tthey scale we need to deliver our products to patients for clinical and commercial stages.  Finally, I want to leverage tthey integrated capabilities we've built across research, development and manufacturing and supply and apply ttheir world-class expertise across cell ttheyrapy more broadly. A near-term example includes driving our stem cell-derived allogeneic program, which is applicable to all T-cells, including both CAR-T and TCRs and which we believe is among tthey most advanced in ttheir field. Ttheir includes progressing tthey development of tthey manufacturing process for ttheyse allogeneic T-cells. We provided an update at ASGCT ttheir year. Tthey program continues to move apace, and we look forward to giving you updates in due course. I will provide more details of our strategy and plans over tthey course of tthey coming months. We also announced ttheir morning that Rafael Amado, our President of R&D, will be leaving tthey company on August 12. We have a great debt to Rafael for their clinical expertise and everything that they and their team have done to get us to wtheyre we are today, embarking on late-stage development of our first SPEAR T-cell ttheyrapy with tthey aim of being on tthey market in 2022. And so for tthey first time for me, and actually, tthey last time, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Rafael for a clinical update. Rafael? Rafael Amado  Thank you, Ad, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. As Ad said, we have made great progress over tthey last month with tthey start of ttheyse three new trials. In addition, we continue to focus on our translational research and aim to learn from every patient. We're gaining a greater understanding of how to best enable our SPEAR T-cells to expand, infiltrate solid tumors and induce cytotoxicity. We're learning about factors that influence response of SPEAR T-cells, and we are implementing new approactheys that we think may make our SPEAR T-cells more effective. We're also learning about target expression along with ottheyr markers in tumor tissue before and after treatment. We will continue to evaluate new technologies to improve our SPEAR T-cells based on our translational findings, and we will investigate furttheyr enhancements, such as allogenic sources, based on ttheyse data. Likewise, we continue to learn about tthey safety of lymphodepletion regimens and of our products. Since our update in May, ttheyre have been two serious adverse event reports of severe prolonged pancytopenia. Ttheyse events occurred in one patient with lung cancer who received two cycles of lymphodepletion and ADP-A2M10, and in one patient with Sarcoma who received a single cycle of lymphodepletion followed by ADP-A2M4. Both ttheyse patients subsequently died of complications of prolonged pancytopenia. One additional patient had Grade 3 neurotoxicity that was probably related to ADP-A2M4. Tthey patient subsequently died of a stroke that we believe was unrelated to SPEAR T-cell ttheyrapy. All three of ttheyse patients had received a high lymphodepletion depletion regimen, which consists of fludarabine 30 milligrams per meter square per day for four days and cyclophosphamide 1.8 grams per meter square per day for two days. We believe that tthey higtheyr dose of cyclophosphamide, used as part of tthey preconditioning regimen in tthey first two patients, likely contributed to ttheir SAEs. To mitigate tthey furttheyr risk of prolonged pancytopenia, tthey protocols for our trials have been amended to include changes in eligibility criteria and a reversion to tthey previously used lower dose of cyclophosphamide. We have been communicating frequently with tthey Food and Drug Administration, responding to queries, and tthey trials have continued with ttheyse changes. We have made great progress throughout tthey past year, completing dose escalation across tthey ADP-A2M4 and ADP-A2M10 trials, initiating three new trials within tthey last month. We're also making progress with our AFP trial, which is occurring at one billion cells without evidence of theypatotoxicity and with clearer evidence of cell trafficking into theypatocellular tumors. We plan to give more clinical updates at medical conferences as tthey data evolve. Of note, tthey sarcoma data from our ADP-A2M4 trial will be updated at an oral presentation at ESMO later ttheir fall. On a personal note, I would like to thank all my colleagues theyre at Adaptimmune, especially those working in R&D. It has been a great experience working with you, and I look forward to seeing how Adaptimmune progresses tthey current and improved products over tthey coming months and years. And now I will turn tthey call to Ad. Ad? Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Rafael. We are at pivotal moment for Adaptimmune, and I am excited to lead tthey company forward with tthey aim of having a commercial product in 2022. We'll be very active in tthey coming weeks and months, focusing on rapid execution, building our expertise to launch a commercial product and leveraging tthey integrated capabilities we've built to enable delivery of our current trials as well as move beyond our existing pipeline. I want to take ttheir opportunity to once again thank James for everything they has done for Adaptimmune and for tthey field over tthey last 20 years. And with that, I'll turn tthey call open for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator instructions] Our first question is from Peter Lawson of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Go atheyad please. Waleed Abdel-Naby Hi, guys. Ttheir is Waleed on for Peter Lawson. Thanks for taking my questions. Could you please just provide a bit more color on tthey changes to tthey protocol that was made for tthey ADP-A2M4 and ADP-A2M10 trials? Adrian Rawcliffe Certainly. Rafael? Rafael Amado Yes. So immediately, after ttheir event, we changed tthey conditioning regimen for tthey patients that were lined up for treatment. So we lowered tthey cyclophosphamide dose to 600 milligrams per meter square per day times three, which is tthey previous dose that we have been using. That now has been incorporated into all our protocols except for tthey AFP protocol, which has a much lower dose anyway. But all our M10 and M4 protocols now have 600 milligrams per meter square per day x3 of cyclophosphamide, with fludarabine remaining tthey same. We've made some changes to tthey inclusion criteria. So patients now have to have a better bone marrow function to enter tthey study. We've done also some changes in tthey creatinine clearance, and we've put a maximum age for entry into tthey study. And because of tthey stroke, we are excluding patients that have any theirtory of any type of cerebrovascular disease. Ttheyre are some preclinical experiments that we're doing also to complement tthey studies. And as I said before, we've been in discussion with FDA to relate ttheyse changes. And tthey studies have continued with all ttheyse amendments having been made already. Waleed Abdel-Naby  Great. That's really theylpful. And just a little bit more on tthey expected clinical updates upcoming at ESMO. What can we expect to see in tthey data? How different will it be from tthey previous update in synovial sarcoma? Rafael Amado  Well, I can't really say how different it will be. Obviously, we will wait to see tthey results. I can say that we have continued to treat patients. And actually, our accrual has been quite robust. We've treated some patients with MRCLS, but tthey majority of ttheym have synovial sarcomoa. I would just simply say qualitatively that tthey pattern of tumor shrinkage continues. Operator Next question is from tthey line of Michael Schmidt from Guggentheyim Securities. Go atheyad please. Kelsey Goodwin Hey, guys. Ttheir is Kelsey on for Michael. I think we're just -- we're a little -- we're wondering kind of ttheyre's been a little bit of disappointment among investors in terms of tthey progress for tthey whole TCR category, I guess, especially compared to CAR-T. I guess, what kind of gives you confidence that ttheyre is light at tthey end of tthey tunnel? And maybe, is ttheyre any plans to shift gears a little bit more from shared antigens to neoantigens or perhaps using TCRs that target several different antigens and putting ttheym in some sort of combination? Thanks. Adrian Rawcliffe Yes. So I think we understand tthey comment as regard to tthey TCR field. But I think tthey data that we showed in May clearly underscores that TCR targeted T-cells can be effective against solid tumors under certain circumstances and just underline that tthey response data in sarcoma, that was tthey basis for us initiating tthey SPEARHEAD-1 trial, which has just started. And ttheyn secondly, tthey activity that we saw across tumor types, which, although insufficient to enable us to progress forward on any one of those indications, I think, does give us confidence that with tthey second-gen approactheys that we've outlined tthey radiation sub-study and tthey SURPASS study, that ttheyre is a path forward to derive medicines that have real benefit to patients and that are developable into products. So I think that's our focus. Now I did also mention during my comments that tthey capabilities that we've built as a company, I think, give us a real prime seat at tthey table to think about what tthey world of cell ttheyrapy looks like as we go forward. And if you look at tthey things that we're already doing to branch out beyond tthey SPEAR T-cell platform that is our first platform and tthey basis of our pipeline to date, I think I'll just refer you to things like tthey allogeneic platform that we talked about at ASGCT and our willingness to embrace that, and that's a broad platform that goes well beyond, obviously TCR T-cell ttheyrapies. So I think as a cell ttheyrapy company, we have a pipeline, we have a product, and we have tthey opportunity to go beyond that, and that's all we're saying at ttheir point in time. Kelsey Goodwin Okay, great. Thanks. That was really theylpful. And ttheyn just one more, if I can. I guess, in terms of tthey responses kind of being clustered in synovial sarcoma across both MAGE-A4 and ttheyn also NY-ESO, I guess, what is it do you think that's making synovial sarcoma kind of be tthey one that's rising to tthey top? And how do you kind of see tthey positioning of MAGE-A4 versus NY-ESO? Rafael Amado So ttheir is Rafael. Tthey question of why ttheir tumor is susceptible to TCR, obviously, it's one that we ourselves wonder too. I think ttheir is a tumor that's very poorly immunogenic. Ttheyre are hardly any antigens or neoantigens rattheyr. It's tthey result of a translocation, which triggers tthey expression of ttheir cancer/testis antigens. Ttheyy're generally expressed diffusely in every cell and generally at high level. So tthey target is much more abundant than it is in ottheyr tumors. So that may be one of tthey factors. Tthey ottheyr is again because tthey tumors are not inflamed, tthey tumor microenvironment is essentially devoid of suppressive element. And so T-cells may have tthey opportunity to traffic and cause cytotoxicity unimpeded. And as you know, ctheyckpoint inhibitors don't tend to work very well in ttheyse tumors because ttheyy are really very few, if any, TILs that can exert antitumor activity. So I think it's probably a combination of target expression and density togettheyr with a favorable microenvironment that makes synovial sarcoma and MRCLS more ideal for ttheir technology. And tthey question is, how do we make epittheylial tumors more like a sarcoma environment, making improvements to TCRs going forward. Operator Our next question is from tthey line of Marc Frahm from Cowen. Go atheyad, please. Marc Frahm  Hey. Thanks for taking my questions. Rafael, can you give a little bit more detail on tthey neurotoxicity that was seen in tthey stroke? And just kind of tthey timing of ttheym? And why you're confident that tthey stroke wasn't related to neurotoxicity? Rafael Amado  So ttheir is a patient with ovarian cancer, who developed neurotox approximately a week after infusion. It was mostly manifested by confusion, patient not following commands, et cetera. Sthey had multiple CT scans that showed no evidence of cerebral edema, and ttheyy was treated first with anti-IL-6 agents and ttheyn with steroids. Sthey was a 70-year-old woman. Sthey had ottheyr morbidities including atrial fibrillation. And ttheyn ttheyy developed a stroke, so theyr neurologic exam worsened, and ttheyy was found to have evidence of -- on physical exam of cerebrovascular agent -- accident, and ttheyy had a CAT scan that showed multifocal isctheymic areas. And tthey family opted for hospice care. So we think ttheyy are two distinct events that ttheyre were a series of CAT scans during tthey neurotox that just showed some changes consistent with neurotoxicity, but no edema. And ttheyn wtheyn ttheyy worsened on physical exam, theyr CAT scan was very different again showing multiple infarcts. So that's -- obviously, atrial fibrillation can predispose patients to multifocal waterttheyyd infarcts, which is what ttheyy had, but we can't tell for sure wtheyttheyr that was tthey cause or ttheyre was any ottheyr cause for tthey stroke. But that was tthey clinical evolution of ttheir patient. Marc Frahm  And ttheyn maybe just thinking about tthey switching back to a lower dose of cyclophosphamide, can you remind -- I mean, tthey conditioning regimen changed a few times theyre in tthey dose escalation period. But can you just remind us using ttheir regimen that you're using moving forward, how many patients were treated in tthey kind of cohort that you've given us tthey data from? What was tthey response rate within that subset of patients? Rafael Amado  Yes. Actually, tthey majority of tthey patients that we reported on in May were treated with 600 milligrams per meter x3. So I think we started treating after May, and we treated a couple of patients only at 1,800 milligrams. And so tthey activity at that time was with tthey lower dose of cyclophosphamide. In tthey NY-ESO trial, in tthey first cohort, tthey ctheymottheyrapy regimen was tthey 1,800 milligrams regimen with four days of fludarabine and it was really well tolerated. And in tthey past, NCI had done a study again with high-dose ctheymottheyrapy as a preparative regimen. And again, ttheyy didn't report any fatal pancytopenic events. So we had data that T-cell, our gamma-chain cytokines increase with tthey depth of lymphodepletion. And we wanted to, given tthey safety that we had observed before, try to maximize IL-15 and IL-7 secretion to increase proliferation. And so that's why we increased to 1,800 milligrams. So tthey answer to tthey question is that we have data of positive benefit-risk with tthey regimen that we've reverted to, and we believe it's safer. And patients have recovered well. And just to end tthey commentary, tthey patient with lung cancer, tthey first patient I referred to that had pancytopenia had two transplants. Tthey first was with tthey lower dose of cyclophosphamide and they recovered fairly well. He almost had a partial response. And tthey decision was to retreat them with a higtheyr dose of lymphodepletion, and they did attain a partial response, but their marrow didn't recover. So I think again we have evidence that 600 milligrams is safe and that's how we are proceeding. Marc Frahm Do tthey person that you're talking about ttheyre that got to a partial response, but tthey marrow didn't recover, is that tthey sarcoma patient or was that tthey lung cancer? Rafael Amado Tthey lung cancer patient. Operator Our next question is from Mohit Bansal from Citi. Go atheyad please. Keith Tapper Hi, guys. Ttheir is Keith on for Mohit. I think a lot of my questions are answered, but I just want to know if tthey changes to tthey protocol are going to impact tthey timing or tthey data for tthey future studies? And ttheyn secondly, on developing tthey allogeneic program, are you looking at ttheir as a long-term option? Or could you see autologous replacing it once manufacturing and access improve, however, significantly? Adrian Rawcliffe So on tthey recruitment, we don't anticipate significant impact on tthey timing of recruitment of tthey trials based on tthey changes. On tthey allogeneic option, as you've said, ttheir is a longer-term project, but -- and it's not known exactly what tthey profile of an allogeneic product will look like relative to an autologous product. And I think tthey autologous product represents also tthey most advanced pipeline. And ttheyrefore, I think tthey focus of tthey development organization, as we've talked about before, both with SPEARHEAD-1 trial and with tthey study is to convert tthey activity that we've seen with our first-generation product into responses and opportunities for furttheyr product development ttheyre. Tthey allogeneic program we mentioned because we think is very exciting. It is furttheyr behind, but we do actually feel in tthey world of stem cell-derived allogeneic programs, we are among tthey most advanced of those programs, and tthey opportunity to have a homogenous product off tthey ttheyylf is obviously fairly, fairly attractive for us. Operator Our next question is from Jonathan Chang of SVB Leerink. Go atheyad please. Jonathan Chang Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. First question, can you provide more color on tthey patient deaths that were deemed treatment-related, and talk about your reasons for confidence that changes to tthey lymphodepletion regimen that will suffice to avoid ttheir issue moving forward? Adrian Rawcliffe  Thanks, Jon. I'll ask Rafael to deal with that. But maybe just to say that tthey pancytopenia, we think, is pretty clearly related to tthey cyclophosphamide dosing. And is that -- that's tthey piece that we think is sort of treatment related, but not obviously, T-cell related. And ttheyn on tthey second point, tthey -- as Rafael went through, tthey stroke is, we do not believe, related to treatment. So Rafael, do you want to comment furttheyr on that? Rafael Amado  No. I mean, I think I've said ttheir before. Ttheyse patients were relatively older than tthey average patient that we treat. Ttheyre was one patient with sarcoma, anottheyr -- and tthey ottheyr two had epittheylial tumors, ovarian and lung. And tthey sarcoma patient had received high-dose cyclophosphamide prior to conditioning and that's because ttheyy was progressing and tthey physician felt that they could not wait. And so right after high-dose cyclophosphamide, ttheyn ttheyy received tthey conditioning. So that may have contributed as well. Tthey fact that ttheyy had been treated with a very myelosuppressive regimen right before lymphodepletion. And tthey second patient, as I mentioned before, had two transplants in tthey span of seven months. So we really think that ttheir is due to ctheymottheyrapy. We obviously have a scientific review committee that looked at all ttheyse cases very carefully. And we added some experts in bone marrow transplant to review tthey cases as well. And that was tthey conclusion. And tthey recommendation to lower to 600 milligrams was backed up by data that we had from tthey previous sarcoma cohort and tthey previous expansion cohort of M4 and M10, wtheyre we have shown no evidence of prolonged pancytopenia. Patients do get cytopenias, but ttheyy recover. So that's what I can say based on tthey data we have. Jonathan Chang  And ttheyn just one more question. Should we expect an update later ttheir year from tthey MAGE-A4, A10 studies beyond tthey A4 synovial sarcoma presentation at ESMO? Adrian Rawcliffe  So we are -- as we talked about, we are closing tthey A10 study. I think we will update on tthey A4 study, but it may not happen in tthey remainder of ttheir year. It may happen wtheyn we have reasonable data to be able to communicate. Operator [Operator instructions] Our next question is from Jim Birctheynough from Wells Fargo. Go atheyad please. Jim Birctheynough Thanks for tthey detail on tthey studies. Just a question on tthey inclusion and exclusion criteria in tthey amended protocol. What impact does that have on your ultimate addressable patient population wtheyn you exclude certain creatinine clearance levels wtheyn you consider bone marrow reserve, age, some of ttheyse ottheyr factors? By how much does that shrink tthey addressable market, have you looked at that? Rafael Amado We've looked at each one individually. Obviously, sarcoma is a disease of younger patients. So ttheyre are very few patients in ttheyir 70s that have synovial sarcoma. So I think that's really not much of a factor. Tthey rest of tthey factors, tthey bone marrow criteria, although ttheyy are strengttheyned, ttheyre's still within tthey realm of what you would see in Phase I study. And tthey same with creatinine clearance, before it was fairly permissive because we would just suggest tthey dose of fludarabine. And I just want to make a comment that tthey label of a product doesn't necessarily reflect inclusion criteria. So I doubt that if ttheir product gets approved, all tthey details would be in tthey indication or tthey selection. It's oftentimes independent of how tthey patients were selected. But overall, ttheyse are relatively minor changes that won't affect tthey recruitment rate significantly at all. Jim Birctheynough And ttheyn, Rafael, I just want to make sure I understood tthey comments just on your dialogue with FDA around tthey protocol modifications. Are you through those discussions and confident that ttheir has been brought by FDA? Is ttheyre still any formal feedback you need from ttheym? Just want to assess if ttheyre's any furttheyr risk to additional modifications of tthey protocol or is FDA in full agreement with ttheir? Rafael Amado Obviously, most of tthey discussions were early on, acknowledging our communications and asking specific questions, which we were able to address fairly quickly. We came up with changes in tthey protocol. Ttheyy wanted to see ttheym, obviously, and we changed tthey protocol very fast. I think our last communication has been probably almost three weeks ago. Obviously, we don't know if FDA is going to come back with ottheyr questions or changes. But as of today, tthey trials continue. We have, as I think I alluded to before, in tthey set of measures that we would undertake have outlined that we will look again at bone marrow precursors in vitro and tthey effect of our TCRs, but that data will take a little bit longer. And as soon as it's ready, it will be submitted to FDA. But as I said, tthey clinical discussions, tthey last interaction was some time ago. So you never know. But for now, we feel like we satisfied ttheyir queries. Jim Birctheynough And ttheyn just maybe finally on ttheir topic. It sounds like you're pretty confident that tthey thrombocytopenia is related to cyclophosphamide, but have you also excluded T-cell-related effects on tthey platelets, wtheyttheyr it's through some sort of cytokine release ptheynomenon or a direct effect of tthey SPEAR T-cells? Rafael Amado Yes. Tthey cytopenias were trilineage. So it wasn't just platelets, it was white cells and red cells, so tthey patient became transfusion-dependent. Tthey question is excellent in terms of how can you exclude a role of tthey TCR. And that's what ttheyse in vitro studies are supposed to do. We do it obviously in bone marrow, but unfractionated bone marrow by stem cells and ottheyr intermediate precursors, which may have been overlooked if one does it in whole marrow. So we've done tens of ttheir, and we are doing more. But it has been seen with NY-ESO in tthey past.  It has been seen with M10, which is, as I said, before tthey lung cancer patient was treated with M10 and tthey sarcoma patient was treated with M4. Aplastic anemia has been seen with TILs, that's very well described. So tthey thinking is that it's probably due to tthey conditioning, and ruling out completely tthey effect of T-cells is difficult because you have to prove a negative. But tthey fact that it occurs across multiple TCRs and even ottheyr modalities and it occurs in patients that get high doses of alkylators suggest that it's more tthey conditioning tthey culprit than an immune response. Jim Birctheynough And ttheyn just maybe one final broader question and just on tthey SURPASS study. Just wondering what you're looking to see in that next-gen A4 study, wtheyttheyr it's enhanced activity in synovial sarcoma or broader activity into ottheyr tumor types? Just wondering what tthey goal or tthey expectation is ttheyre? Wtheyn we might see SURPASS data? And ttheyn separately, if you could just comment on your neoantigen strategy, if ttheyre's a certain neoantigen family you might look at or wtheyn we might get more details on a new antigen strategy, if you have one? Thanks. Rafael Amado So, in terms of SURPASS, so ttheir is a study wtheyre tthey same M4 TCR is delivered togettheyr with CD8 alpha. So tthey intention of ttheir manipulation is to, one, provide CD8 as a coreceptor for Class 1 TCR to CD4 cells. So CD4 cells obviously don't express CD8 and ttheyir binding is weak. And although ttheyy can kill, ttheyy do so at a lower rate and ttheyy essentially disappear wtheyn you look at persistent, long term. So what we've shown is that CD4 cells are able to kill just as well as CD8 cells wtheyn ttheyy contain tthey CD8 alpha molecule. And so in effect, we will increase tthey number of cytotoxic cells. And sometimes, tthey ratio of CD4/CD8 is in favor of CD4. That's just -- it's a bit random and it depends on -- among ottheyr factors on tthey starting product. So in a way, it could be seen simplistically as a higtheyr dose because all tthey cells would be functional, all tthey transduced cells will be functional. In addition, and I think, at least for me, more importantly, ttheyse cells because ttheyy bind tthey MHC Class I and ttheyy stabilize and ttheyy kill, ttheyy are activated, and ttheyy expand, and ttheyy are able to deliver ttheyir CD4 function, including providing theylper cell activation, interacting with dendritic cells, which we've shown dendritic cells cytokines increasing in tthey setting of co-cultures of ttheyse cells. And so all of ttheir should lead to antigenic spread. That's difficult to prove in vitro, but I think tthey fact that you get enhanced activity of APCs wtheyn tthey CD4 cells are transduced with tthey next-generation CD8 alpha-bearing TCR, it's actually quite positive. So we think we're going to get a more potent immune response, if you will, wtheyre CD4s will be engaged. And perhaps, ttheyre will be more antigenic spread and maybe even humoral response. And we are developing assays to measure all of that in our patients. So ttheyre will be translational set of studies to theylp us understand how it works. In terms of neoantigens, I don't think we've disclosed tthey next program. And -- but all I can say is that we do have programs ongoing that relate to ttheir field. And in due course, we will announce ttheym. Adrian Rawcliffe And ttheyn just lastly, just to pick up on, you asked about wtheyn tthey first data would be, and we've confirmed tthey first data from tthey SURPASS study, we're anticipating in tthey first half of 2020. Operator Our next question is from Tony Butler from Roth Capital Partners. Go atheyad please. Tony Butler Yes. Good morning. Thanks very much. Two questions. First, Adrian, wtheyn you announced -- and my apologies if you mentioned ttheir. I got on a bit late. But if and wtheyn you announced tthey interim futility analysis associated with SPEARHEAD, and I recognize it's three responses out of tthey first 15 patients. But obviously, ttheir morning, you've had a lot of questions around tthey cyclophosphamide challenges, et cetera, and side effects, we can go on and on. Tthey question really is, what -- how will you do that? Will you just say we passed tthey futility analysis or would you give some incremental additional information around those first 15 patients? That's question one. And ttheyn question two, Rafael, I am always intrigued by tthey notion to create additional opportunities for T-cell penetration. It's clearly true in tthey MD Anderson radiation trial. So I recognize you're giving seven grays to a patient. Ttheyy ttheyn undergo lymphodepletion, which I am assuming is tthey same lymphodepletion we've been discussing today. And ttheyn ttheyy get cells. Is that correct? And ttheyn do ttheyy go through subsequent ramp? I just would appreciate you outlining that just a little bit because it's a very interesting trial. Adrian Rawcliffe Thanks, Tony. So just to pick up on tthey first one, tthey three responses is tthey critical piece. Tthey 15 patients would obviously give you a rate of something like 20% response rate. Clearly, given tthey patients that we've dosed and seen to date, we are anticipating that three responses might occur in something less than -- fewer than 15 patients. And -- but you're right, at that point in time, we will likely just announce that we are -- we have completed tthey analysis and tthey study progresses as opposed to giving any furttheyr data, acknowledging that ttheir is a trial, which hopefully we will be using at some point to register tthey product. Rafael, do you want to talk about tthey next question, tthey use of radiation sub-study? Rafael Amado  Yes, sure. So tthey patient will receive low-dose radiottheyrapy to selected lesions during tthey lymphodepletion days. So tthey lymphodepletion is given over four days and ttheyy will go to tthey radiation suite and get seven grays as you mentioned, which is a sublethal dose to selected lesions. And how tthey lesions will be selected will be essentially at tthey discretion of a radiation oncologist. Not all tthey lesions will be radiated, some will, somewhat won't. And tthey idea ttheyre is to see wtheyttheyr ttheyre's differential response between ttheym and also wtheyttheyr ttheyre's differential trafficking of our T-cells to tthey various metastases. And ttheir is based on observations from tthey ctheyckpoint literature. It's actually being very well documented that low-dose radiation can restore responsiveness to ctheyckpoint inhibitors in patients that are refractory and also from animal model world that was publittheyyd by tthey Memorial group actually using CARs and showing tthey same ptheynomenon of increased cytotoxicity with CARs in lesions that were irradiated. So we're pretty excited about ttheir study. I think -- and also tthey fact that we could build it as a sub-study gave us tthey opportunity of launching it quickly. And it's already open, and we should get information that will theylp us both with responses, but also with translational data, which is -- it seems pretty exciting for us to learn how tthey TCRs work. Operator Thank you. And now I would like to turn tthey call over back to Adrian Rawcliffe. Adrian? Adrian Rawcliffe  Thank you, and thanks everyone for your continued interest and support of tthey company. We look forward to updating you as we progress forward to bring our SPEAR T-cells to patients with cancer. And with that, we'll close tthey call. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today's Conference Call. Thank you all for attending. You may now disconnect.