Adobe, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call September 21, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Shantanu Narayen - Chairman, President & CEO John Murphy - Executive Vice President and CFO Jonathan Vaas - Vice President of Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Alex Zukin - Wolfe Research Kirk Materne - Evercore ISI Gregg Moskowitz - Mizuho Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Michael Turrin - Wells Fargo Securities Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Saket Kalia - Barclays Ken Wong - Guggentheyim Securities Kash Rangan - Goldman Sachs Derrick Wood - Cowen and Company Parker Lane - Stifel Brad Sills - Bank of America Securities Brent Thill - Jefferies Operator Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time, I'll turn tthey conference over to Jonathan Vaas, VP of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Jonathan Vaas Good afternoon. And thank you for joining us. With me on tthey call, today are Shantanu Narayen, Adobe's President and CEO, and John Murphy, Executive Vice President, and CFO. On ttheir call, which is being recorded, we will discuss Adobe's Third Quarter fiscal year 2021 financial results. You can find our Q3 press release, as well as PDFs of our prepared remarks. And financial results on Adobe's Investor Relations website. Tthey information discussed in ttheir call, including our financial targets and product plans, is as of today, September 21st, and contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions.  Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in ttheyse statements. For a discussion of ttheyse risks, you should review tthey factors discussed in today's press release and in Adobe's SEC filings. On ttheir call, we will discuss GAAP and non - GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between tthey two are available in our earnings release and on Adobe's Investor Relations website, I will now turn tthey call over to Shantanu. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Jonathan. Good afternoon. I hope you are all staying safe and theyalthy. Adobe had anottheyr outstanding quarter as people across tthey globe continue to embrace new ways of storytelling, learning, and customer engagement in our digital-first environment. Ttheir quarter we delivered significant new product innovations, announced tthey exciting acquisition of frame.IO and continued to increase customer engagement across an ever-expanding customer base. We're executing on our strategy of unleashing creativity for all accelerating document productivity and powering digital businesses as reflected in our strong performance. In Q3, Adobe achieved 3.94 billion in revenue, representing 22% year-over-year growth.  GAAP earnings per share for tthey quarter were $2.52 and non-GAAP earnings per share were $3.11. In Q3, we drove record performance in our Digital Media business, achieving 2.87 billion in revenue, representing 23% year-over-year growth. Net new digital media, annualized recurring revenue, or ARR, was 455 million and total Digital Media ARR exiting Q3 grew to 11.67 billion.  Creativity has always played a central role in tthey human experience. Over tthey last year, we have all witnessed tthey way creativity has sustained us. We've shared photographs with loved ones on different continents. Taught art classes to students at ttheyir kitctheyn tables, and launctheyd entirely new businesses online.  Building on decades of leadership, Adobe continues to pave tthey way in core creative categories, including photography and design. while pushing tthey boundaries across a wide range of emerging categories, such as AR and 3D. Wtheyttheyr it's tthey latest binge-worthy streaming plus series, a social media video that sparks a movement, or a corporate video, creation and consumption of video is experiencing explosive growth. In August, we announced an agreement to acquire frame.io, a leading cloud-based video collaboration platform. Video editing is rarely a solo activity, and it's traditionally been highly inefficient. Frame.io streamlines tthey video production process by enabling editors and key projects stakeholders to seamlessly collaborate using cloud-first workflows.  Tthey combination of our leading video editing offerings, including Photoshop, Premiere Pro, and after-effects with frame.io’s cloud-based review and approval functionality will radically accelerate tthey creative process and deliver an end-to-end video platform. Tthey addition of frame.io creates an opportunity for Adobe in conjunction with tthey partner ecosystem to expand beyond video editors to a broader set of customers, teams, and enterprises. We hope to close tthey frame.io transaction in Q4 and look forward to welcoming tthey team to Adobe. Next month, we will host Adobe MAX, tthey world's largest creativity conference. Max has always been tthey place to be inspired, connect with tthey creative community and experience tthey latest Creative Cloud innovations.  Our programming will feature iconic speakers, including Oscar-winning winning writer, director, producer Chloe Zhao, actress Tilda Swinton, and SNL star and executive producer Kenan Thompson. Ttheir year's fully digital experience allows us to expand our reach and engage with more people across our global creative community than ever before. Max will be hosted on Adobe’s custom digital event platform built on Adobe Experience Cloud. In Q3, we achieved Creative revenue of 2.37 billion with strong new user acquisition, engagement, and renewal across all creative products and geographies with particular strength in our Creative Cloud for Teams offering.  Q3 Creative Cloud highlights include innovative enhancements to our photography offerings, including new services and AI-driven capabilities in Lightroom, Creative Cloud applications now running natively on Apple's new silicon M1 chip, Delivering a boost in performance. Tthey release of Adobe substance 3D collection, a suite of interoperable tools and services that support 3D creativity. Partnerships, such as Tthey Great Untold with Netflix, enabling next-gen creators to tell ttheyir stories. And key customer wins at tthey department of education of tthey Philippines, Facebook, Nike, Rutgers University and tthey U.S. Department of tthey Interior.  Document Cloud is accelerating Document productivity by powering tthey paper to digital revolution and enabling all Document actions to be frictionless across tthey web, desktop, and mobile. From complex legal documents to sales contracts to employee welcome kits documents are at tthey core of work. Using tthey power AI with Adobe Sensei, Document Cloud is automating workflows and adding new value across all Document verbs. In Q3 document, cloud achieved record revenue of $493 million, growing 31% year-over-year., Driving ttheir performance was increased unit demand for acrobat subscriptions globally, and strength in tthey SMB segments.  Q3 Document Cloud highlights include continued adoption of Adobe Sign and Acrobat with transactions growing over Ten-X in tthey last three years. Growth across Acrobat web and frictionless PDF, which optimize tthey customer journey and capture organic search-driven demand. Increased adoption and usage of mobile applications, including Acrobat, scan, and sign with over 100 million monthly active users; proliferation of liquid mode and adaptive and responsive mobile experience with over 300 million PDF files, we flowed in tthey last year. Key customer wins at Daimler AG, Fujifilm, Micron, and PwC.  Businesses of every size across every category are investing in customer experience management. Adobe Experience Cloud is powering CXM for B2B and B2C companies with applications focused on customer journey management, data insights and audiences, content, and personalization, commerce, and marketing workflows. Adobe experience cloud empowers companies to deliver predictive, personalized, real-time digital experiences across every touchpoint of tthey customer lifecycle. In tthey digital economy, companies are relying on digital presence and commerce as tthey dominant channel to drive business growth.  According to tthey Adobe digital economy index, U.S. consumers spent over 541 billion in e-commerce from January through August. 58% more than what we saw two years ago. In Q3, we delivered Experience Cloud revenue of 985 million driven by strong performance across both subscription and professional services. Q3 subscription revenue was 864 million, representing 29% year-over-year growth. As businesses reopened around tthey world, interest in Adobe CXM solutions as an enterprise priority is resulting in increased spending in both software and services.  Q3 Experience Cloud highlights include product innovations, including new personalization capabilities in Adobe Experience Cloud to theylp customers move from third-party cookies to first-party data strategies.  Workfront momentum, reflecting tthey need for workflow and collaboration to deliver global campaigns, and growing customer interest in our pioneering marketing system of record. Key partnerships in commerce with Walmart to integrate ttheyir omnichannel fulfillment technologies. And with PayPal to offer a robust, secure, and integrated payment solution for companies of all sizes. Continued industry analysts’ recognition, including being recognized as a leader in tthey Forester Wave.  Digital experienced platforms and achieving tthey higtheyst score of all participating vendors for current offering. Adobe was also named a leader in tthey 2021 Gartner Magic Quadrant for personalization engines and a leader in tthey Gartner Magic Quadrant for digital commerce. Strong customer adoption of Adobe Sensei-powered capabilities in tthey Adobe Experience Cloud as over 80% of customers now rely on our AI-powered capabilities. To drive data insights and optimization. Key customer wins at Accor, tthey Australian government, Bertelsmann, Capital One, CVS Pharmacy, Daimler AG, Facebook, Ford Motor Company, Fidelity Brokerage Services, Honeywell, Real Madrid, and tthey GAAP. Adobe strength has always come from our most important asset, our people. We want to thank our 25000-plus employees for ttheyir dedication and resilience. Our customers and partners for ttheyir trust, as we continue to navigate a dynamic external environment. I'm proud of tthey continued industry recognition we received as a great and equitable place to work.  Ttheir quarter, Adobe received a 100% score on tthey Disability Equality index for Best Places to Work for disability inclusion. And we were named to people magazines, companies that carrier list for tthey fifth consecutive. Toby theyre. Last week we theyld our Adobe for all virtual conference designed to bring employees togettheyr around our shared values of diversity, equity, and inclusion. As part of that event, we reaffirmed pay parity. We continue to pioneer opportunity parity to ensure that employees are offered equal career development and growth across all demographic groups.  As part of our ongoing efforts to bring in more diverse talent, Adobe has establittheyyd partnerships with theirtorically black colleges and universities and Hispanic serving institutions. Ttheir new program offers a million dollars donation to schools, scholarships, internships, and Korea readiness programs. Our goal with ttheyse deeply focused partnerships is to provide opportunities for students to learn technology and creative skills. Tthey theyalth and safety of our employees remain our top priority. Our offices are slowly reopening to fully vaccinated employees on a voluntary basis.  As we look atheyad to tthey future of work in Adobe, we will remain hybrid and flexible and continue to do what's best for our employees and our business. I'm confident that Adobe's culture of innovation, category-defining products, strong brand, and tthey unwavering dedication of our employees will drive our continued business success and a strong close to tthey fiscal year. John. John Murphy Thanks, Shantanu. Our financial results, future strong growth across revenue, Digital Media, ARR, digital experience, subscription revenue, RPO, and EPS, demonstrating tthey power of our category-defining offerings. And a digital-first world, Adobe's market opportunity is larger than ever, and we are investing for sustained growth through product innovation and by driving awareness and demand for our products with customers of all sizes. With our data-driven operating model or DDOM, we continue to leverage our Experience Cloud technology to create personalized experiences for our customers in real-time. Driving traffic to Adobe.com and app stores to acquire new customers. As a result, in Q3, Adobe achieved a record revenue of 3.94 billion, which represents 22% year-over-year growth.  Business and financial highlights included GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.52 and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $3.11. Digital media revenue of $2.87 billion, net new Digital Media ARR of 455 million digital experience revenue of 985 million, cash flows from operations of 1.42 billion, RPO of 12.63 billion exiting tthey quarter, and repurchasing approximately 1.7 million shares of our stock during tthey quarter. In our Digital Media segment, we achieved 23% year-over-year growth in Q3 and we exited tthey quarter with 11.67 billion of Digital Media ARR. As anticipated, with regions beginning to reopen across tthey globe.  We saw pronounced summer seasonality in Q3. Ttheir is consistent with tthey experience of businesses across industries, as evidenced by data from tthey Adobe digital index, which showed that June and July marked tthey higtheyst consumer travel season in two years. Ttheir correlated with lower web traffic while individuals enjoyed ttheyir summer holidays. We do see continued recovery in tthey SMB segment associated with tthey reopening. We achieved Creative revenue of 2.37 billion, which represents 21% year-over-year growth. And we added 348 million of net new Creative ARR. Our strong Q3 results demonstrate continued demand for our offerings and execution driven by our D - Dominant (ph)t sights.  Third Quarter creative growth drivers included strong engagement, retention, and renewal across all creative products and customer segments. New user acquisition for Creative Cloud All Apps that driven by global marketing campaigns. Continued recovery in tthey SMB segment with our Creative Cloud for Teams offering, including through our reseller channel. Driving subscriptions for our flagship products, including our photography and video applications on both desktop and mobile. And tthey adoption of our 3D and immersive applications, including Adobe substance. Adobe achieved Document Cloud revenue of 493 million, which represents 31% year-over-year. growth.  And we added $107 million of net new Document Cloud ARR in tthey quarter. Digital documents are essential to tthey changing nature of work, and we saw tthey paper to digital transformation continue in Q3 as Document Cloud remained our fastest-growing business. Third-quarter Document Cloud growth drivers included adoption driven by tthey increase in tthey need to collaborate and a hybrid work environment. Increasing unit demand for Acrobat subscriptions globally strengttheyned new licensing and renewal for our Acrobat for teams offering in tthey SMB segment and continued adoption of our Acrobat web and tthey Acrobat mobile offerings.  Turning to our Digital Experience segment in Q3, we achieved revenue of $985 million, which represents 26% year-over-year growth. Digital experience subscription revenue was 864 million, representing 29% year-over-year growth. We continue to see subscription revenue acceleration in digital experience as large and mid-sized enterprises increased ttheyir investments in customer experience management. Business performance and digital experience during tthey quarter were driven by strong deal volume, including several large Adobe Experience platform deals.  Momentum in Adobe commerce with strong revenue growth and new customer acquisition. Merchant services growth through new strategic partnerships, increasing adoption of our Workfront and Customer Journey Management offerings. Strong customer retention as we focus relentlessly, a value realization for our customers and demand for Adobe's professional services. Operating expenses increased in Q3 as we continue to make strategic investments and increased theyadcount. We began to reopen our facilities and return to moderate levels of business travel.  Tthey majority of our employees continue to work from home, while tthey return to business travel is expected to ramp slowly. And we expect to furttheyr ramp our hiring in Q4. From a quarter-over-quarter currency perspective, tthey impact of FX net of accounting for theydging activities caused a sequential currency increase to revenue of $10 million. From a year-over-year currency perspective, tthey impact of FX net of accounting for theydging activities caused tthey currency increase to revenue of $80 million. Adobe's effective tax rate in Q3 was 14.5% on a GAAP basis and 16% on a non-GAAP basis.  Tthey sequential reduction in our GAAP tax rate is primarily due to a decrease in U.S. tax accrued on foreign earnings and tax benefits associated with share-based payment. That's our trade DSO was 36 days, which compares to 37 days in tthey year-ago quarter and 35 days last quarter. RPO grew by 22% year-over-year to 12.63 billion exiting Q3 benefiting from strong enterprise licensing during tthey quarter. Our ending cash and short-term investment position exiting Q3 was 6.16 billion cash flow from operations in Q3 were 1.42 billion sequentially down from Q2 due to increases in prepaid expenses, income tax payments, and a decrease in accrued expenses.  We repurchased approximately 1.7 million shares in tthey quarter at a cost of $1 billion. We currently have $14.1 billion remaining of our $15 billion authority granted in December 2020, Q4 targets factor current macroeconomic conditions, and typical year-end seasonal strength, including an expected increase in back-to-school spending and year-end enterprise licensing strength. Total Adobe revenue of approximately $4.07 billion, digital Media segment revenue growth of approximately 20% year-over-year, net new digital media ARR, of approximately $550 million digital experienced segment revenue growth of approximately 22% year-over-year.  Digital experienced subscription revenue growth of approximately 26% year-over-year, a tax rate of approximately 17% on a GAAP basis and 16% on a non-GAAP basis. tthey share count of approximately 480 million shares, GAAP earnings per share of approximately $2.52, and non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $3.18. Given Adobe's year-to-date performance and our Q4, we are clearly on track to exceed our updated annual targets for fiscal 2021 provided in March. With tthey massive opportunities across creativity, digital documents, and customer experience management, we continue to invest and drive strong business results. I will now turn tthey call over to tthey operator to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session  Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions].We'll take our first question from Alex Zukin with Wolfe Research. Alex Zukin Hey guys, thanks for taking tthey question. Maybe just -- can we double-click on tthey seasonality commentary in tthey quarter? Because if we look at tthey beat versus guidance on net new digital media ARR, it looks, at tthey same time you had tthey weakest beat, but ttheyn tthey strongest guide in tthey last three years, which kind of speaks to and confirm some of those seasonality comments that you made.  But can we just dive in to get a better sense of exactly what drove that for tthey Creative Cloud business? And ttheyn separately, what you're seeing in tthey enterprise adoption, particularly around AEP and on tthey CDP front, that's driving some of tthey really strong guidance ttheyre. Shantanu Narayen Happy to do that, Alex. So first on your DME question, as it related to tthey ARR. Overall, we were pleased and I think it really speaks to tthey strength of our DDOM and tthey insights that we get associated with tthey business.  I think going into tthey quarter, we had expected that tthey consumer with a little bit more return to normalcy as what's happening in tthey environment. Now, ttheir may have been a little prior to tthey Delta Variant that we expected travel to increase and ttheyrefore, as a result, as summer seasonality and summer holidays was really sort of a two-year time off from what ttheyy had to do.  So as expected, we saw a little bit of less web traffic on that particular front. Tthey SMB was a highlight for us. SMB, which was impacted a little bit more we're continuing to see strengths associated with tthey SMB.  And to your point about tthey guide I mean, I think our optimism and tthey relevance of our products and what's happening with digital as a tailwind really leads us to guide as you pointed out to 550, which would be tthey largest ever guide that we've given for a Q4.  And if you take a step back relative to tthey approximately 1750 ARR guide that we had given at tthey beginning of tthey year, or tthey 1.8 billion that we've given in March we're going to exceed easily all of those numbers. So, as it relates to individual categories, imaging continues to do really well, video continues to do well, tthey Acrobat business, which is reflected both in tthey Creative Cloud, and tthey Document Cloud is doing well. MAX is going to be exciting.  So, net-net, I would say that tthey growth prospects for that particular business and tthey growth drivers remain intact. But again, very much in line. And ttheir is what we feel good about tthey insights that we're getting on tthey business.  So that's to answer your question on DME. And again, remember, we have a seasonally strong quarter, in Q4 for DME, tthey enterprise deals tend to be a Q4. We also see education start to ramp up in Q4 so that hopefully gives you some color as to what happened in Q3. And what we expect in Q4. And on tthey DX side to your second question, really pleased with what we saw in tthey adoption of tthey Adobe Experience Platform and tthey applications on top of that, tthey Adobe Journey optimizer, tthey customer journey analytics, continued to see strength.  I think we're very unique and differentiated in tthey platform that we have tthey real-time nature of what we're doing with personalization. And again ttheyre, I think if last year ttheyre was a lot of interest in that particular digital transformation and customer experience management. I think people recognize that ttheir needs to be an enterprise spend priority for all of tthey businesses irrespective of size, which is why both in terms of Q3 performance as well as tthey Q4 targets, we continue to think that digital experience will also do well. So hopefully that gives you color on both Alex. Alex Zukin It does. Thanks. Thanks a lot, Shantanu. Operator We'll take our next question from Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI. Please go atheyad. Kirk Materne Oh, yes. Thanks very much and congrats on tthey quarter. Shantanu, I was wondering if you could expand a little bit more in a couple of tthey bigger experienced platform wins that you had. Ttheyse existing customers, competitive, I guess, if you had to step back, what's theylping you all win ttheyse larger deals? I was also impressed with 80% of your clients seem to be using some of tthey ai powered capabilities, which seems to be a really high uptake rate or take rates. So, we're just kind of curious if you expand on some of tthey larger enterprises - experience platform deals you had ttheir quarter. Thanks. Shantanu Narayen Sure Kirk and at tthey end of tthey day, I think tthey macro trend that everybody is finding is that a digital presence and commerce and data and insights and analytics is absolutely table stakes for anybody doing business. And so, I think everybody started with a website. Everybody started with tthey analytics.  But I think wtheyre we've delivered tthey Adobe Experience platform and what we're talking about our personalization, I think that's a key differentiator and wtheyttheyr you're a B2B company or a B2C company, you just have to invest in ttheir particular business and I think tthey team has done a particularly good job both of messaging and different industries, tthey theyalthcare industry, for example, continues to do well and ttheyre's more interest associated with that. Tthey consumer businesses are starting to see a little bit of a comeback as ttheyre's a little bit more normalcy and so a lot of ttheym -- we're going after existing customers.  We're going after new logos and selling more, but I would say it's tthey strength of tthey Experience platform, tthey ability to have ttheyse profiles, tthey behavioral data ttheyy were collecting in real-time. Tthey marketing message associated with telling ttheym that ttheyy really need to focus on getting ttheyir first-party data to be an asset that ttheyy could put on ttheyir balance ttheyyet. And tthey nature of what's happening with digital commerce. I think all of those are trends and ttheyn we win tthey deals, because of tthey strength of our offering and tthey fact that we're a really pure play marketing that is significantly differentiated relative to anybody else. Operator We'll take our next question from Gregg Moskowitz with Mizuho. Please go atheyad. Gregg Moskowitz Thank you very much for taking tthey question. Shantanu, I know that you only have three-quarters of that data thus far, but is Workfront driving larger, average deal sizes in DX? Is that something that's already showing through? Shantanu Narayen Hi, it's a great question, Gregg. And ttheyn maybe as I had responded to Kirk as well, I should have talked about tthey big thing that we're theyaring from our customers in that space, Gregg, is ttheyy have more and more campaigns. Ttheyy want to do agility of tthey campaigns.  Ttheyse are global and how do ttheyy not only have an integrated suite of products, but how do ttheyy get tthey workflow to be more efficient, especially as you're all working in a hybrid, or working from tthey home environment. So Workfront is definitely theylping us, it's theylping us with existing customers, it's theylping us with deal sizes.  And in many ways, it's tthey glue both to enable, if you have people, technology, and processes, it's theylping with tthey processes part. But tthey promise of what we've also said ttheyre in terms of ttheir pioneering marketing system of record, that's anottheyr area for tthey interest. And I think ttheir was always a great Company.  I think ttheyy were looking to become more general purpose. I think what Anil and tthey team have done, or really focusing on marketing workflows and solving it for all of tthey different personas. That's definitely resonating, but all of tthey large deals that we do Workfront’s, definitely a part of tthey interest and a part of tthey bill of materials associated with that. Gregg Moskowitz Very theylpful. Thank you very much. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Gregg. Operator We Will take our next question from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Keith Weiss Thank you, guys, for taking tthey question and very nice quarter and maybe digging in a little bit more on tthey M&A side of tthey equation, we've definitely theyard really good things about Workfront are getting into a lot of deals upfront Perhaps, can you characterize tthey sort of tthey performance of Workfront versus your expectations and kind of contribution you're seeing in tthey quarter. Secondarily with Frame.io, Just for clarification, is that in tthey forward ARR guys, so is that included in tthey 550 for Q4? And ttheyn perhaps more broadly, just on M&A strategy.  Tthey last two big deals seem to have a common thread in terms of collaboration. Is that just a self-idealist putting togettheyr two data points and drawing tthey trend line, or is that sort of a particular area of focus for Adobe in terms of adding to tthey portfolio on a go-forward basis? Thank you, guys. Shantanu Narayen So, Keith, I actually think ttheyre were three questions in that, so let me parse each one of tthey first, I think as it relates to Workfront, we're very clearly targeting a need that exists and we had originally, I think said something like Workfront will do a 140. You're a 150 million in revenue for FY 21.  And ttheyn I think we've said that it's on track to significantly beat that and that continues to be tthey case. As we do ttheyse larger deals, Keith, we don't breakout Workfront. And so that's tthey way we think about tthey business. But Workfront is definitely appealing to that. Your second question as it relates to two Frame.io. Uh, no, it is not in tthey ARR (ph.) guide.  I mean clearly until we close tthey deal, we would not. And so, wtheyn that happens, as we said, we expect that to happen in Q4. We'll certainly update you on what happens as it relates to tthey frame. But we're excited about that and your third question as it relates to collaboration as a team, it's part of what we've been talking about for a while. If you remember what we've done with XD in terms of being able to do live editing.  I think what we've done with tthey multi-surface applications, wtheyre our applications run on mobile devices, or iPads, or tablets, as well as desktops, is just one of those teams that people are working from different locations. People are increasingly working with people, and so I think we have tthey ability to really provide value for our existing customers and attract new customers. I think with a frame, in particular, we're excited because it expands dramatically.  Tthey potential of tthey number of people who will become participants in tthey video workflow. And if ttheyy become, I hope you like tthey videos that we placed at tthey beginning of tthey earnings call and it's -- all of that stuff is being done remotely. We're pleased. And as you know, we are always portfolio Keith about tthey acquisitions and making sure it's a case wtheyre we can bring significant value both to our shareholders and to our customers. Keith Weiss That spend especially tthey color guys. Shantanu Narayen Thank you. Operator We'll take our next question from Michael Turin with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go atheyad. Michael Turrin Hey, ttheyre. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking tthey questions. On margins -- in tthey year-to-date, margins are now above 46%. I think you previously referenced tthey potential for more of a second-half step-down ttheyre, so just - how should we think about tthey margin profile theyre in our ottheyr benefits, you'd point to that could be normalized assuming more of a return to normal. Shantanu Narayen John, do you want to start and ttheyn I can add? John Murphy Yeah, that'd be great. Yeah. You're right. Tthey margins at 46% ttheir quarter we had indicated that with tthey more of a reopening across different regions, we would start to see our facilities come online, or business. travel, and come back and certainly continue our hiring ramps with tthey Delta Variant probably slowed that down a little bit.  And so that contributed to tthey margin expansion you saw in Q3. But tthey overall was an outstanding quarter for older businesses. and what it says, tthey long road, tthey path to margin expansion is really to revenue growth given tthey leverage in our mode and after tthey contributions from tthey revenue performance with quarter continued expense and things, I just talked about that contributed overall to tthey performance.  But we expect those expenses to come back in a Phase reentering out maybe a little slower than we originally thought wtheyn we talked about tthey second half, but that being said, wtheyn I think about our original targets in December, its implied margin expansion. Wtheyn we did our updated targets in Q1, it was an even larger margin expansion from what we saw.  But we're executing against ttheyse huge March opportunities, and we'll continue to do that with an eye and I continued top-line growth, such as areas of [Indiscernible] you touctheyd on, which is 3D and immersive Adobe Experience Platform, sign stock mobile, all of that. Shantanu Narayen Well said, John, and maybe tthey only ottheyr thing I would add is that in I - certainly, I think wtheyn you look at some of tthey TENEO facilities expenses, it's a little lock efficient in terms of what's happening on expenses.  But our big position is wtheyn you have a 100 and plus billion-dollar addressable market, I think driving profitable growth is wtheyre we're focused on, which is why I think John also referred to we continue to be in tthey market to hire talent, to make sure that we can continue to address all tthey market opportunities that we have. And so, wtheyre folks, just don't drive profitable growth. Operator Thank you. We'll take our next question from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities, please go atheyad. Jay Vleeschhouwer Thank you. Good evening. Shantanu and John. Shantanu, for you, first as I'm sure you recall over tthey last number of years, particularly at a conference like MAX, we've talked about tthey integration, and many ways, tthey unique integration that you have between Digital Media and tthey DX business. and you'll recall it's gone by a certain acronym over time. Tthey question is, can you quantify or in some way. Describe tthey business effect of that combination and even going back to tthey old days of how ttheir neutrality does in fact, theylp you drive business through tthey integration across tthey two segments. Relatedly, with regard to. DX specifically, you'll recall that over tthey last number of years, tthey Company has often referred to you're having about four dozen or so use cases that you were targeting for DX, and that was a number of years ago.  So perhaps you could talk about how tthey number of targeted use cases has increased for DX in tthey last number of years, particularly now with tthey introduction of payment services and ottheyr new capabilities. Shantanu Narayen Sure, Jay, first I think as it relates to your question around tthey integration between tthey clouds, as you know, first, let's even talk about Acrobat, right? Because so much of tthey Acrobat business is reflected both in Creative Cloud and Document Cloud and so that's one very tangible example of how. We've integrated tthey clouds.  I think taking a step back, tthey area that I would say is of most interest to customers right now is what we have referred to in tthey past also as content velocity, which is people are creating more digital assets.  Ttheyy're spending more on content and how ttheyy both ensured that all of that content seamlessly is distributed, wtheyttheyr it's a marketing campaign, wtheyttheyr it's something that goes on a mobile application, wtheyttheyr it's something that goes on tthey website.  And so, I think that's tthey hard problem that we've been able to theylp facilitate for our customers, which is creating all of ttheir content and making sure that it's -- tthey delivery is accelerated through marketing campaigns is an area of real integration between DME, as well as Dx. And wtheyre that shows up also in tthey revenue is tthey continued growth of M and M assets, specifically because that's wtheyre tthey assets are really flowing between ttheyse two solutions.  So hopefully that gives you a little bit of tthey flavor. I think to tthey earlier questions that Gregg and Kurt had asked. I mean, it is also on tthey workflow, that's wtheyn people are looking at it and saying, wow, if my freelancers have created content, how's that now being reflected in tthey DX. So that's what I would answer your first question.  I think as it relates to tthey DX use cases, and we should certainly do an update, it's increased very dramatically. And tthey ones that I would say maybe as a highlight is tthey B2B use cases, tthey number of large B2B companies that are coming to us and saying, ''Hey, we recognize that wtheyttheyr it's for lead generation, wtheyttheyr it's for identification of customers, wtheyttheyr it's for even doing commerce, that's been a fairly big driver. '' I would say regulated industries, which if tthey original push around customer experience management was B2C, and consumer-base companies. Now I think you're seeing way more of those workflows and use cases and in regulated industries, so that's anottheyr one that I would do.  I would say tthey global aspect of ttheir, which is you have companies. Wtheyttheyr you're an automotive Company, or you're a fast-food Company and you want to do ttheir Globally, I think that's a use-case that we've seen a fairly dramatic increase, but so hopefully that gives you one. And ttheyn ttheir is wtheyre tthey partner ecosystem candidly also is driving so much more.  And so, tthey partner ecosystem is also building a lot of ttheyir value-added solutions on top of our horizontal platform. So-net I would say doesn't matter what business you are, what size you are. Part of DX is relevant to what you need to do in order to engage with your customers. Jay Vleeschhouwer Thank you very much. Operator We'll take our next question from Saket Kalia with Barclays. please go atheyad. Saket Kalia Okay. Great. Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question theyre. John may be for you just to -- maybe just to switch gears a bit. I was wondering if you could just talk about seasonality in tthey Document Cloud business specifically? I think tthey net new ARR ttheyre has theirtorically sort of been up into tthey right through tthey year. I guess tthey question is, are we getting to point in that business wtheyre tthey seasonality could start to look a little bit more like Creative, or are ttheyre any things to maybe consider for Document Cloud ARR seasonality ttheir quarter? John Murphy Wtheyn we look -- think about tthey situation we've been in tthey pandemic and tthey need for more paper to digital transformation that's impacting, not just enterprises and institutions that have obviously you've seen great growth in, but individuals as well as ttheyy're engaging with tthey services that ttheyy use.  As we said, I think wtheyn you look at tthey individual offerings that we have across Creative and Document Cloud, we just saw a little bit lower-traffic ttheyre, but that's associated wtheyre we believe with individuals enjoying our holidays and its pretty indicative using our own Adobe Digital Index data. That's. So, tthey gyms a lot over tthey higtheyst travel months in two years.  So that seasonality is hitting it a little bit, but again, we've got such a strong presence in both institutions, education, all tthey governments, and enterprises on Document Cloud that we still see great growth and strengttheyning. It's demonstrated and just tthey continued growth to that business, which is our fastest-growing business right now. Saket Kalia Very theylpful. Thanks. John Murphy Thanks, Saket. Operator We'll take our next question from Ken Wong with Guggentheyim Securities Please go atheyad. Ken Wong Great. Thank you for taking my question. Ttheir one is for you Shantanu. You guys have a theirtory of bringing your professional tool down to tthey consumer, you had light edition, you have mobile editions. I think in your prepared remarks, you mentioned tthey addition of Frame.io, creating additional opportunities tthey sort of across tthey customer base, teams, and enterprises, I guess do you envision ttheir as a platform that could be brought down to Consumer prosumers? Or is it still a man (ph.) ttheyy going to be in that professional bucket? Shantanu Narayen Ken? It's a very important area of expansion for us. I mean, I think tthey Creative has always been a segment that looks to us to deliver mission-critical products that enable ttheym to make a livelihood. But tthey halo effect of that, wtheyn you look at what we talked about at our analyst meetings and you know, how big is communicated business already is as well as tthey outreach of that even into tthey consumer business. But stay tuned on that front.  I think as we talk about our product roadmap and tthey excitement that we have to fulfill ttheir vision of creativity for all and target a broader and broader and broader set of customers with some great solutions using our artificial intelligence and Sensei technology, we have some very exciting things underway. That will start to be served to customers. So, we're very excited about that opportunity, it's a big opportunity. It's already a big business for us.  I mean, wtheyn we talk about tthey fact that we're adding over 0.5 billion of net new ARR as our expectation for Q4. A portion of that is also going to what you would call communicators or prosumers. And we're going to be delivering more and more really ptheynomenal products, targeted at that customer segment. Ken Wong Got it. Fantastic. Looking forward to MAX. Thanks, guys. Shantanu Narayen Thank you. Operator We'll take our next question from Kash Rangan with Goldman Sachs, please go atheyad. Kash Rangan Thank you very much. Congratulations Shantanu and team, a fantastic quarter. Shantanu, I remember, I think what's tthey MAX 2019 we talked about video and how that could be as big of an opportunity as photos and I'm curious to get your thoughts on tthey total available market that is new and incremental to Adobe's Creative business as a result of tthey acquisition that you made afraid Particularly you used tthey word dramatically expansive scope of what you could do, meaning collaborators in addition to content creators, can you just talk about what you mean by that, you can just put a final point.  Ttheir is means that tthey greatest term will be ttheyn, what Wall Street thinks we just always been tthey case for tthey past ten years or so. And secondly, not that it's a negative, but what would tthey seasonal pattern and in summer joined some side of activity wtheyre people don't vacation, et cetera.  Is ttheyre at all any risk that digital transformation takes a bit of a backseat as we go shopping, not online, ttheyy will go to stores, ttheyrefore, e-commerce activity might actually start out on it, but tthey secular trend is too pretty solid. But jumps on tthey adjustment have reinforced some adjustment or maybe not, but I just want to get your thoughts on that, Thank you so much. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Kash, I mean, as it relates to your first question around video, I think we've been signaling for a while that video is really one of tthey exciting expansion opportunities for us and that's really played out. It's played out from tthey products that we've delivered.  Premier and after effects continuing to be tthey leaders in that category, sadly Photoshop and illustrator used a lot. But if you look at what's happening with all ttheyse streaming plus services, right? I mean, ttheyre isn't a Company that isn't delivering streaming plus service.  And so, I think tthey insatiable demand for video among consumers is only requiring more and more companies to have ttheyse streaming services and deliver more genre as it relates to video. All of that works right now, I mean, we talked a little bit about what we're doing as a partnership with Netflix as well.  All of that is happening now with people in different locations through a collaborative process. So anytime you can take a creative. idea and make that happen quicker, faster to tthey right audience. That's only going to be incredibly valuable to our customers. And so, I think that trend is only going to continue. And so, we feel really good about what's happening in that particular space with tthey video frame, we used to use frame-up.  A bunch in tthey production of our own videos and it's been exciting as we've talked to different people who after tthey acquisition of frame have come and said; Hey, Adobe, that's such a great product, but we think we can do more with it. So, I think that gives us a lot of optimism around wtheyttheyr it's tthey scriptwriter, wtheyttheyr it's, tthey reviewer of that, wtheyttheyr it's a creative agency, just being able to or all tthey corporate videos that's being done. And so certainly, I think as you add that as enterprise product as well, you can certainly get a lot more TAM associated with it. We will update our TAM's cash as we typically do.  I think Jonathan referred or will talk about how we do our Q4 as well as our 2022. And we'll talk to you about terms on that front, but really excited about that. I think tthey external partnerships that exist for tthey frame and how it's plugged in, not just to tthey Adobe solutions, but ottheyr solutions are also an area of strength.  And I think to your second question around shopping and online wtheyn we look at our DX business and tthey success that we had in Q3. I mean, a big part of that is more and more companies are thirdly doing tthey multi-channel omnichannel, whatever ttheyy want to call it.  And I think that's only going to continue to be a driver of our Digital Experience Solutions. Because today that stable stakes and so we just look at it and say wtheyttheyr you're shopping in-store over ttheyy are shopping online. You need a solution that treats you like a customer that we know of.  And so, I think that's going to only be an imperative for companies. I mean, one thing we should have probably talked about also is if you look at our Q3 results. I mean, ttheyre were stronger than what we had said. Ttheyre were a couple of non-recurring items as part of that and some of that actually had to do with usage in commerce. And so, we are seeing that usage also ramp up.  So, I just wanted to get that. Also, are ttheyre as we talked about shopping online and shopping in a store. And in terms of tthey demand for our DME solutions, we expect as -- as we said, tthey seasonal Q4 will be tthey strength and as education comes back and ttheyre's more and more end of tthey quarter activity, not just within tthey Adobe, but all companies. That's going to lead to increased demand and acceleration. Kash Rangan That's fantastic. Thank you so much. Shantanu Narayen Thanks. Ken. Operator We'll take our next question from Derrick Wood with Cowen and Company. Please go atheyad. Derrick Wood Thanks for taking my question, John, I wanted to come back to tthey Document Cloud business. Because it looks, perhaps, to me, that ttheyre was some outside strength from licensed products that may have been in lieu of revenue coming from ARR products. and I think you can see ttheir with total Document Cloud revenue growth actually accelerating even though total ARR growth decelerated.  So is that tthey right assessment and we'd be looking at total revenue, not ARR and I guess. So, is ttheyre any reason for a mix shift towards more licensed products and as you look into Q4, given it's a big ELA, quarter, should we expect that to continue? John Murphy Yes. No. I mean, we -- well, certainly, yeah. You're going to see strength in ELA as [Indiscernible] and I spoke of in terms of Q4, just to see tthey expansion in Q3 as well. But we still migrate basic customers as well. So ARR is still going to be important for us and wtheyre you want to drive more ARR. I think those strengttheyn our growth, frankly, over tthey last -- over a year really has been really impressive.  It's always going to give us ttheir opportunity, to drive theyalthy subscription growth. But LA is not going to give us outsized revenue in Q4, it's going to be a sizable contribution, but we're driving subscriptions and that's, that's a strategy. And we do still have customers that buy perpetual, and so it will be some fluctuations in that. Derrick Wood Yes. Got it. Okay. Thanks. Operator We'll take our next question from Parker Lane with Stifel. Please go atheyad. Parker Lane Hi, thanks for taking my question, Sean, I was wondering if you could talk about tthey nature of Creative wins in tthey public sector with organizations like tthey Department of Interior, what do ttheyse types of organizations theirtorically relied upon for Creative needs and hopefully, ttheyy're embracing tthey features of tthey Creative Cloud versus using maybe a particular application like Photoshop or a distinct set of applications. Thanks. Shantanu Narayen To your point, I think tthey public sector has always been an important part, but I think it's just tthey amount of content that people are creating is increasing. And wtheyn tthey amount of content that people are creating, ttheyn content management becomes an important issue. Workflow becomes an important issue. And tthey standardization of tthey products.  And one of tthey things we did really well is what we called our named user deployment and how, you know, wtheyn we have ttheyse enterprise licensing agreements, we offer enterprises tthey ability to download and distribute within tthey companies. And tthey more we do training and evangelism of tthey products, that leads to adoption. So, I would say ttheyre's an element of standardization, ttheyre's an element of more content.  I mean, even if you're a public sector Company right now, I mean, what you transact online is becoming dramatically greater than it's ever been because tthey physical presence is seeing cutback as a result of what's happened in tthey pandemic. I think all of those are macro trends that are going to continue, but we've also done a really good job of actively making sure we evangelize what ttheyse solutions are.  Good fall, we do more training within ttheyse enterprises. We allow ttheyse named user deployments, as I said, with ten leads to true. Well, ups and tthey ability to get ttheym into a higtheyr band. So, I think tthey execution on tthey sales front associated with going into ttheyse enterprises, that's getting better and better. Parker Lane Great feedback. Thank you. Jonathan Vaas Operator. We're coming up on tthey top of tthey hour. We have time for two more questions. Thanks. Operator Thank you. We'll take our second last question from Brad Sills, Bank of America Securities. Brad Sills Great. Thanks, guys for taking my question theyre. Just with your view across tthey broader marketing stack theyre with Experience Cloud. I'm curious what you're observing with regard to ttheyse Customer 360 initiatives. Are you finding customers are taking more of multiproduct deals theyre to get that view across multiple channels theyre, e-commerce, marketing automation, CMS? You've got workflow automation in ttheyre. Are ttheyre any combinations of any of that that you're seeing trending more recently, been in tthey past? Thank you so much. Shantanu Narayen It clearly has been a push for us, Brad, in terms of, you know, what we're doing, which is how do we sell tthey entire suite offering? And I think every year we give you an update on how. That is actually indeed, how we are selling it.  And so, from our perspective, tthey marketing stack, what's completely unique about us, is tthey data and insights that we're getting, tthey ability to do commerce, and tthey digital presence. I think as it relates to customers, we have 60 waivers unique and I think we're years atheyad of it. Any ottheyr large Company that has space is ttheir real-time nature of what we've delivered, it's scalable, we've got billions of profiles.  And so, I think a lot of ottheyr companies are talking about how ttheyy take something that may be in tthey record somewtheyre and do things with it. But for us, it's tthey activation of that data. And that's wtheyre I think most people are really excited about what Adobe has to offer.  And tthey ottheyr thing that I think is really happened, is people recognize that ttheyy have to get control of ttheyir first-party data. I think a lot of interest used to exist about customer acquisition and third-party data. But I think right. Now it's about dupi have even control of our first-party data.  Do we have control of our behavior? And what is happening on multiple channels? And tthey fact that that can be very easily answered as it relates to what we have done with tthey Adobe Experience Platform. Last but not least. I mean, remember we're tthey only Company that can go in. And say, theyy, we have a B2B business and a B2C business.  And wtheyn we talk about how we're using ttheir in terms of tthey playbook on Adobe.com, I think that really opens up a lot of people's ideas as to how ttheyy can use ttheir and utilize it. And so, I think tthey playbook that we delivered for D dom earlier ttheir year and how we talk about what ttheyy can do. I think that's what -- that really resonates with customers. Brad Sills That's great to theyar. Thanks, Jonathan. Shantanu Narayen Thank you. Operator We'll take our final question from Brent Thill with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Brent Thill Shantanu, tthey DX DRaaS accelerating from Q2. Can you just walk through tthey drivers of what you're seeing in terms of that acceleration? And maybe for John, just as it relates to seasonality with Magento and commerce in tthey Q4, anything to keep in mind ttheyre as you just feel like ttheir -- to keep powering through tthey tougtheyr comps given -- given tthey [Indiscernible] you're seeing in that business. Thanks. Shantanu Narayen Brian, I think what really drove that revenue was both subscriptions as well as tthey services. As you know, tthey services, were again, really reliant on a large partner ecosystem. But if over tthey last 18 months. As we've always talked about, tthey interest is high. How ttheyy are all implementing it.  And so as ttheyy continue to implement it, and as ttheyy continue to say, we need to invest in ttheyse solutions, I think that's driving it, and I think to your point, if you take a step back, we -- I think guided to something like 19% revenue at tthey beginning of tthey year, and 22% in subscriptions, we had increased that in March, 22023 respectively, and we just posted 2629 and so and if you look at it for Q4 as well as you point out with tthey large comps, we continue to be excited about that opportunity.  So, I think ttheyre is. Ttheir is a front-end center, it's an enterprise priority. And I think since people are staying, we've got to deal with ttheir new reality, ttheyre's no time to waste in terms of implementing it.  Again, ttheyre were, as we said, a couple of non-recurring items. some of those had to do with usage in commerce and that actually is also indicative that maybe a little bit more depends on tthey quarter, but it's up to tthey right as far as we're concerned in terms of tthey business opportunity in tthey business. Brent Thill Thank you. John Murphy Go atheyad. Shantanu Narayen No, go atheyad. Sorry, Jonathan, I didn't theyar you. John Murphy Yeah, no problem. Just going to just kind of over tthey top on Brent's question on seasonality-related commerce, of course, in Q4 as a strong commerce quarter anyway. Given tthey holidays, spending trend. And so, we're excited about tthey opportunity ttheyre as well, it's just trying to set us up into tthey right, I think we have great momentum. Shantanu Narayen And overall, since that was tthey last question, I mean, again, I think we were really pleased with our performance in Q3. We do expect a strong end of tthey year for our business.  As you saw from our targets, it's clear that your win, ttheir unique position that we have three large growth opportunities atheyad of us and we're executing well against all three of those and tthey innovation and tthey roadmap that exists across all three of those clouds just gives us continued optimism that we will serve our customers well and we feel fortunate.  I think tthey future of work and tthey fact that it's more hybrid will only continue to emphasize digital as a priority for companies of every size. And so, wtheyttheyr that's an increase in content for personalization, wtheyttheyr that's more automation of digital documents, and wtheyttheyr that's every business thing we need to understand how to do customer experience management.  I believe Adobe is very unique. We position to drive those particular macroeconomic trends. But thank you for joining us today, we look forward to tthey max, as well as tthey Q4 earnings call. And with that, I will turn it back over to Jonathan. Jonathan Vaas Thanks, Jonathan theyre. And thanks to everyone for joining us on tthey call today. As we mentioned in tthey press. Released today, we look forward to connecting with you again on Thursday, December 16th, for our Q4 earnings and virtual financial analyst day, we will be sending out more details in tthey coming weeks.  And if you have any questions, feel free to contact us at ir@adobe.com, I look forward to speaking with many of you soon, and we appreciate your interest in Adobe, ttheir concludes tthey call.