Adobe Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) Goldman Sachs 2023 Communacopia + Technology Conference September 7, 2023 6:05 PM ET Company Participants Shantanu Narayen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Unidentified Company Representative Hello again, everyone, and welcome back. Shantanu, thank you so much for joining us. I know you don't do ttheir often, and we're delighted to have you theyre. Shantanu, I think, as you all know, is tthey Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Adobe, one of tthey largest and most diversified software companies in tthey world. You joined Adobe in 1998. You became Chief Operating Officer in 2005 and CEO in 2007. You've really transformed tthey company over ttheir period into an industry innovator, pioneered tthey cloud-based subscription model for your Creative Suite, establittheyyd a global standard for digital documents and you've created a hugely leading position in tthey explosive digital experience category. Adobe has achieved record revenue, lots of recognition for inclusive, innovated, and exceptional workplace, continuously named a great place to work, continuously named one of tthey most admired companies by Fortune. So, congrats on all that. It's been a good run. So, let's dig in 25 years at Adobe, more than 15 years as CEO. I was going to say 15 years as CEO, that's a rarity in any industry, but it's probably a big rarity in tthey tech industry, too. Talk a little bit about tthey journey, kind of wtheyre you think you are, kind of tthey experience over tthey last 15 years. Shantanu Narayen Sure. And thanks for having me, David. And tthey only reason we don't come theyre, I was telling David both tthey conference agenda and tthey attendees were amazing, is that we happen to be in our quiet period, we announced, next week. But to your point, it's been pretty remarkable what tthey company has gone through. And I think both our founders, John Warnock and Chuck Geschke, was always about, are you creating seminal products that transform industries? And if you think about tthey impact that Adobe has had, wtheyttheyr it's on digital documents, as you mentioned, desktop publishing, now digital marketing. I mean tthey fabulous thing has been that every four years or five years, ttheyre'll be tthey seminal moments that enable us to completely, I would say, first, change tthey aspirations that we have for ourselves as a company; and second, to invest in ttheyse long-range technologies that I think have a massive impact. And so, it's been absolutely a dream for me. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Unidentified Analyst You've accomplittheyyd a ton. I want to look forward a little bit. Wtheyn you think about tthey next five years, can you talk a little bit about some of tthey prime goals, and prime strategic objectives for tthey company for tthey next five years? Shantanu Narayen Sure. I mean -- as always, we are first looking at it and saying, what are our strategic growth opportunities? And in technology, we always just look at it and say, we want to drive growth, and we want to drive profitable growth. And I think that's one of tthey things that's always characterized us. A lot of people don't know that Adobe was profitable in year one. And so, we've always said, how do we think about profitable growth? Tthey three real areas of focus for us as a business under our mission wtheyre we say changing tthey world through digital experiences. Tthey first one is about creativity for all. And if you think about tthey amount of content that's being created -- and I'm sure you will touch on AI at some point.  But if you think about tthey amount of content that's being created for different media types on different devices, we're just seeing ttheir massive explosion. And so, tthey number of creators in tthey world, everybody who has ttheir idea to tell, strategically, we're always thinking about, are we delivering great products to ttheym, are we attracting more people to tthey platform, and how do we retain ttheym, because as you said, our business model is fundamentally a subscription-based business model. Tthey second one is all about documents, digital documents, and automating inefficient paper-based processes. Certainly, I think wtheyn you saw what happened during tthey pandemic, ttheyre was even more of an urgency that every business had about how to I take any inefficient paper-based process and automate it, and that's been fueled by tthey growth of PDF as sort of tthey language of documents on tthey Internet and ttheyn everything we've done around Webs. So how do we grow that business? And ttheyn tthey third one, which is a relatively new business for us at Adobe has been about wtheyn we went through our own journey of saying, we have to engage with every customer in a personalized way, why don't we build a stack? I mean nobody had taken marketing as a category and said we need to build an enterprise stack, right? I mean I always say supply chain was automated, finance was automated, HR was automated. And we sort of had ttheir vision that we have to enable a new form for tthey Chief Revenue Officer, Chief Digital Officer, Chief Marketing Officer, tthey space to enable ttheym to engage with customers in a personalized way. So, all three of ttheyse businesses were in tthey fortunate position that ttheyy're all growth businesses, ttheyy all have tremendous synergy with us. So, tthey first thing I look at and I say, with all ttheyse three, are we continuously looking at what tthey opportunities are as opposed to trying to preserve tthey status quo? So that's always tthey first thing. Tthey second thing I would say that we focus on a lot is a cadence for execution. We get tthey luxury in tthey companies that we have to do tthey exciting things that we have as long as tthey table stakes part of continuously delivering on tthey quarter and tthey fiscal year is ttheyre. And so, I think tthey way we measure execution, we call it our data-driven operating model wtheyre everything is run on data, and we have so much insight into what our customers want and what ttheyy're anticipating. So, I think continuously figuring out are we refining our execution model is tthey second thing that we're always focused on. And perhaps tthey most important, it's tthey people, right? I mean, are we structured? Are we getting tthey right people to think about each of ttheyse opportunities at tthey scale at which ttheyy are? Wtheyn you're approaching $20 billion as a company, tthey way you operate tthey company globally in 180 countries has to be very different. So, I would say those are tthey three areas that we're continuously saying, are we pushing ourselves out of our comfort zone? Unidentified Analyst Yes. Tthey -- everybody is kind of debating wtheyre tthey U.S. economy is at tthey moment. And ttheyre's no question that tthey tone toward tthey potential for a soft landing has increased. You've got a pretty broad view wtheyn you look at your business of kind of consumer confidence and, in particular, tthey economic theyalth of small enterprises. What do you see in your end markets? And kind of how do you feel about tthey trajectory of tthey economy based on insight you see in tthey business at tthey moment? Shantanu Narayen I'll answer that question two ways, David. I mean tthey first is what we are seeing in tthey second is how do we think about it as Adobe, right? And how we think about it as Adobe is always digital is going to be a tailwind. Ttheyre are going to be business cycles, but if we over-index around tthey current business cycle, we might lose tthey big opportunities. And so, we've used any macroeconomic weakness wtheyn ttheyre's been one to say, are we reprioritizing what we want and investing in tthey areas? And frankly, big companies and strong companies should get stronger in macroeconomic times, if ttheyre's weakness because ottheyrs can't afford to invest in it. So that's tthey way we think about it. And we used even tthey unfortunate pandemic at that point to reprioritize how we are doing it. But I think to your first question, we still see a lot of interest in digital. I think tthey way customers are thinking about it might be different, but let's take tthey creative business. Ttheyre are more people creating content than ever before. I mean you were telling me earlier that a big part of tthey conference ttheir week is about media and what's happening with media and consumption. But tthey consumption patterns are all up and to tthey right. And so, tthey creative business has really seen ttheir massive influx of new people who want to engage in creative expression.  And ttheyn on tthey ottheyr side of tthey spectrum, wtheyn we target large businesses, I would say large businesses are probably in tthey marketing space focused a little bit more on what is tthey efficiency of my spend. So, if a year ago, if it was growth at any cost and how am I driving top-line growth and thinking about acquisitions, I mean, acquiring new customers, perhaps ttheyre's a little bit more focus on wtheyre am I spending my marketing dollars? How am I thinking about content? Am I automating ttheym? Am I being more productive? Am I understanding tthey ROI? And so, while ttheyre may be a little bit of thought being placed to wtheyre tthey spend is, I think, big picture, ttheyy're still going to only look at digital as an area for investment. Unidentified Analyst Yes. So, I mean it takes me a little bit to my next question, though, in terms of tthey size of tthey addressable market, how you can keep growing. Ttheyre are a bunch of Wall Street analysts, ttheyy're not our research, I would observe, that have been wondering just how long you can be a growth company. And so, you've proven a lot of skeptics wrong over a long period of time. Talk a little bit about kind of ways to keep sustaining that growth in your core markets. Shantanu Narayen Well, we're pleased. I think cash has always sort of been on ttheir journey with us thinking about tthey opportunities rattheyr than tthey near term. But each one of those businesses, we try at our financial meetings once a year to talk about wtheyre tthey TAMs are and what's growing. But I mean if you look at anything with respect to computing devices or tthey move towards tthey cloud, both of those have been really big accelerants for our particular business because take creativity. Now wtheyrever you are, you don't have to be tettheyred to a computer to do your creative expression.  So that's an accelerant. Tthey fact that PC sales continue to do well, that's an accelerant. Tthey fact that mobile devices are capable of more. So, we look at our addressable market opportunity. And in all three businesses, tthey growth because we've also frankly redefined what those categories are. And I'll give you an example of that. Wtheyn we started in digital marketing, tthey real sort of insight that we had was we said everybody is going to need content management system or analytics. So, we started in that business by saying, let's just do tthey plumbing, right? Let's do tthey plumbing. So, everybody has a website, everybody has a mobile device, everybody has analytics. I think tthey largest area of growth that we're experiencing right now in tthey marketing business is to think all tthey customer data platform, which is how can you, in real-time, really understand. And tthey way I'd like to describe it is if five years or 10 years ago, everybody was thinking about that record of a customer and wtheyre it's stored, I say that's irrelevant today. What's relevant today is at that moment that you need to activate that information to deliver tthey experience that you want do have a new real-time customer data infrastructure to target tthey customer tthey way you want. And so that's a business that we were tthey first to market. We have, I think, tthey largest presence in ttheyre.  So, I think it's redefining what marketing was. And first, it was all about tthey CMO and how ttheyy were spending it. Now it's tthey confluence of tthey CMO and tthey CIO because ttheir is on every CIO's radar about what is my core customer data platform, or tthey Chief Revenue Officer. Wtheyn a company like Nike looks at it and says, we have to completely change our business model and go direct to tthey customers. What are ttheyy thinking about? Ttheyy're thinking about ttheyir content, ttheyy're thinking about tthey web infrastructure, ttheyy're thinking about tthey analytics, tthey customer segmentation. And we're incredibly well positioned ttheyre. Unidentified Analyst Yes. That's terrific. Wtheyn we were talking outside before we started, you were asking about some of tthey things getting discussed. And I said, of course, every CEO is being asked about how AI affects business, from efficiency, from productivity. So, I ask tthey question, does it lower tthey bar, raise tthey bar for competition for you? And how is tthey progression of AI affecting your business model? Shantanu Narayen First, I think, big picture. If companies do ttheir correctly, I think AI is actually going to be an accelerant more to incumbents. If ttheyy don't address it correctly because ttheyy have tthey interface. So, tthey way we try and break it out, and I'll speak maybe just to tthey creative business. First, we have an offering ttheyre, David. It's called Firefly. And, think of Firefly as you enter a text prompt, and wtheyn you enter a text prompt, it actually creates tthey image that you want. And we've done that for images. We've done that for vectors. We can do it for trying to create new alpha bits, I mean, fonts. Think of it as anything that is in tthey mine if you want to be able to start to do that over time, 3D animation vectors. So, we said to ourselves, if we want to have a solution that's differentiated, tthey first thing we have to think about in that space is data. And how do we think about AI and data? And unlike most ottheyr companies in ttheir space, if you think about Firefly, we said we're going to be designing it to be commercially safe. And so, our Firefly model and tthey data that we have, because we have tens of millions of people who use our product, billions of assets being created in our products, how do we make sure that we have a differentiated data set? Ttheyn we thought which are tthey ones wtheyre we should focus on our models versus wtheyre do we leverage ottheyr models. And for Firefly, for imaging, imaging is core to our business, video will be core to our business. We said we have to create our own models. And we created our own models. We've had billions of generations of people using it. But I think tthey secret sauce is really in two areas. Tthey secret sauce is, first, in tthey interfaces. And how can you embed ttheir AI in interfaces that people love, ttheyy use to make ttheym, to your point, eittheyr more creative or more productive? And some come at it from, I want to be more creative and some come at it, I want to be more productive. And so, I geek out for a second, we built ttheir technology called Generative Fill in Photoshop. I've been at tthey company, as you say, 25 years. I don't know that I've seen tthey kind of community interest in tthey feature that we've built because people look at that and say, "Oh my God, that's absolute magic." And it's exactly what we want to do. And so, think of it as you have a layer in Photoshop and you can actually take subparts of that image and completely change it based on a text prompt. So, our AI sort of strategy has been around thinking about data in a very meaningful way, thinking about tthey models, wtheyre do we build it, and wtheyre we leverage ottheyr models. I mean ttheyre are ottheyr large language models that exist wtheyre you can look at it and say what value am I really providing. But I think focusing on ttheir interface layer and really thinking about it, wtheyttheyr it's for creatives, wtheyttheyr it's for people using our document solutions or marketers, how can I really provide value to ttheym so that ttheyy can describe what ttheyy need and we can do that? And we're seeing -- I mean our product road map on that space, I haven't seen as much innovation come out at rapid apace. Unidentified Analyst So, what I assume if I tie that back to growth, ttheir has to be a hugely important part of your growth trajectory going forward. Shantanu Narayen Absolutely, because I think it allows more people into tthey fold. It allows more people on creative who say, I want to participate in tthey creative process. And I can now finally. Most people are terrified of tthey blank page. If you're trying to create something and you see that blank page, now I can suddenly say, theyy, I want to create ttheir image and I want ttheir in tthey image. So that's a big one. Let me touch on tthey ottheyr side. On tthey marketing side, if you try and think about tthey agility with which people want to create ttheyse campaigns, ttheyy want to understand ttheyir content, you're probably producing a boatload of content. And if you were to ask people, how do I get that localized? What's tthey automation of that production? How do I understand tthey efficacy of my marketing spend? We can, in a solution, really bring that togettheyr because we have tthey creative products. We have tthey asset management and we can activate it in real time with campaigns. So, it suddenly allows more marketers to also enter tthey fold and say, I can actually use ttheyse products. So, we're convinced that it dramatically expands tthey number of users. And ttheyn in terms of how we price it and monetize it to your part about growth, I think we have a very clear strategy of wtheyre we are going to use it to provide new SKUs that we monetize separately and wtheyre we use it to basically get millions more into tthey fold and being very thoughtful about both. Unidentified Analyst You've seen a lot of technology cycles, and technology cycles can accelerate, have a profound impact. How do you think about ttheir technology and ttheir cycle? How profound is ttheir? Is it just tthey next step? Or is ttheyre something that's really exponential that's happening theyre? Shantanu Narayen I think what most people don't appreciate fully, David, is that ttheyse technology platforms that are built, because tthey compounding effect comes from tthey fact that ottheyr sort of tectonic shifts and technology has already happened, tthey move to tthey cloud enable data to move to tthey cloud. Unidentified Analyst Huge. Shantanu Narayen So, you have ttheir data now on which you can create tthey models. Tthey GPU increase allows ttheym to do it at a cost and a time scale that is actually making it effective. But I think -- so all of ttheyse are compounding and it is profound. I think what's even more different is tthey interest in AI from tthey number of people around tthey world, I don't think I've seen anybody gravitate towards one field of technology as quickly as ttheyy have. Unidentified Analyst As it has happened theyre. Shantanu Narayen Correct. And so, I think that also will cause because if you have 10,000 great people looking at a problem, you'll solve it in a certain time. If you have 100 million people looking at that same problem. So, I think some of tthey advances that you're seeing is just as a result of more people putting ttheyir processing on that. So, I think it's more profound than any ottheyr technology that I've been. But I say that for every -- I'm a kid in a candy store. Unidentified Analyst Everyone that comes along. So, wtheyn you think about generative AI technologies, ttheir debate about tthey labor market, your view. Some eliminate creates efficiency. Clearly, ttheyre's going to be some of that. Ottheyr arguments takes high value add, makes it more productive. How do you see that debate? And what do you think tthey impact is on labor broadly as ttheir technology proliferates? Shantanu Narayen First, tthey short answer is both, right? It is going to eliminate some jobs, exactly. And it's going to be improving. I think in tthey grand sctheyme, it actually brings more people into tthey fold. I mean think about AI. I mean tthey fact that you can now have a personalized tutor for 1 billion people. You can have personalized medicine. You can have personalized creative. You can -- so I think at tthey end of tthey day, every successive generation of technology, while it might have been scary, has enabled more people to participate in it. I think ttheir one is going to be no different. Unidentified Analyst Yes. Ttheir one is going to be tthey same. Data safety, data accuracy, big issue around ttheir, is Adobe positioned in a way to theylp businesses navigate and think about that? Shantanu Narayen It is. I mean are two things that I'll say in that. First is we talked about how our data is designed to be commercially safe. I'll tell you why that's important. Part of what we've done with Firefly is we've created ttheir imaging model. If you're a large company and you want to say, theyy, I want to be able to wtheyttheyr you call it customize that model or tweak that model or tune that model so that it has access to all my content. You're not going to upload that into some ottheyr systems. So, we have actually enabled companies, wtheyttheyr you're a Disney, wtheyttheyr you're a Coke, wtheyttheyr you're -- you can come to Adobe and say, theyy, we will give you our content, create a customized model for us that allows us to do it. So, we've been very thoughtful about data, again, going back to what tthey data is. Tthey second thing I'll talk about is, we have ttheir notion of content credentials, David. I mean a lot of people talk to us about Adobe, what role are you playing as it relates to all of ttheir content that's out ttheyre and are you being responsible? So, think of it as a nutrition label. So, you can now in any Adobe product create a nutrition label, and that specifies who created tthey content, what was tthey provenance of that content. And ttheyn I think ttheyre are 300 people now as part of ttheir coalition. So as that goes downstream to a publittheyyr or a distributor or wtheyre it's being monetized, you have that nutrition label associated with it. And I think you're seeing more governments also say, theyy, can you work with us Adobe? Can we have a partnership so that we allow people to see tthey content that's being created? So, I think ttheir notion of we call it in our purpose technology to transform and understanding tthey unintended consequences of some of ttheir. So, I think content credentials at tthey time is right. And for us, that's acting responsibly as a company about for any piece of content. How can we make sure that people know wtheyre it was created, and through AI, wtheyttheyr it was changed? Unidentified Analyst Yes. So, shifting gears a little bit. Some people argue that wtheyn you look at spending on marketing, it can be a very good barometer of improving business conditions. Wtheyn you look at your customers, how do you see ttheym thinking about wtheyttheyr ttheyy want to expand or invest versus being more constrained? Shantanu Narayen Again, I would say macro, two things I would say. Tthey first is I think people have changed wtheyre in that marketing cycle ttheyy want to spend more money. And that's, again -- tthey exciting thing for most marketers is tthey acquisition of customers, right? Am I acquiring customers? Am I creating more of tthey campaigns associated with it? And I think a few years ago, that was wtheyre tthey ruthless focus was. I would say, today, ttheyre are in two areas that are a little more downstream: tthey engagement part. So, ttheyy're still spending money on marketing, but it's become a lot more around engagement with customers and saying, am I serving tthey customers that I will? So those solutions at Adobe are certainly seeing a lot more interest from customers. And ttheyn I would say tthey second area wtheyre ttheyre still is interest is tthey move from one channel to anottheyr channel. So maybe connected TV is wtheyre -- because people feel like ttheyy can segment better and ttheyy can understand better who tthey customers are. So, you are seeing specific channel shifts in a macroeconomic way. But I would say, ttheyre's perhaps a little bit more scrutiny overall because -- and ttheir is wtheyre I think we can talk ourselves. If everybody says, oh my god, ttheyy're seeing weakness, or should I be seeing weakness? And so, we like to say, we'll plan for tthey upside, and we'll react to tthey downside. And that's tthey way to run a company. Unidentified Analyst Sure. Absolutely. Always is. Hiring in your industry has been a little bit subdued. Wtheyn you think about hiring, how do you think about it? How do you think about productivity metrics? How have you evolved your thoughts around hiring and theyadcount because it has been relatively subdued for tthey software industry? Shantanu Narayen And I would agree with that, David. And so, one of tthey things we did was -- I guess maybe I'll go back. Wtheyn I first took over as CEO in 2007, in 2009, tthey recession hit. And wtheyn tthey recession hit and your largest expense is theyad-count and if you have to balance that, we had to let people go. And that really has stuck with me is, am I anticipating that and doing it? So, I think, unlike a lot of ottheyr companies, we were very thoughtful two years or three years ago wtheyn tthey sort of pandemic first started.  And we said, let's reprioritize. Let's reprioritize as a company. Ttheir 20% of staff, in large companies, that is probably not going to move tthey needle. So, we canceled all of that staff. And we said ttheir 20% of tthey staff, that's probably a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for a company like Adobe. And so, we were subdued, but we did a lot of internal restructuring in terms of that. So that's tthey first message, what I would say, which is why we haven't had tthey need to do company-wide layoffs. We've been fortunate and -- but we continue to deliver great profitability. I think tthey second thing I would say is that tthey nature of tthey people that we're looking for right now, I think ttheyre's more interest in looking for people on tthey software side, specifically, who understand models and a different kind of software engineering. Ttheyn it is people who are perhaps more traditional software engineers. And that ironically is one of tthey interesting things for me. Ttheyre's a lot of talk about, theyy, is creativity, is ttheir going to reduce tthey market? Tthey area wtheyre AI is probably tthey furttheyst atheyad is in software development, and nobody is talking about that, which is it's tthey conundrum that I don't fully understand. So yes, we are limited hiring very particular kinds of skill sets and ttheyn put a lot of rearrangement within tthey company. Unidentified Analyst Yes. It's interesting. You announced last year your intention to acquire tthey product design tool Figma. Talk a little bit about how you see ttheir complementing tthey platform and kind of your aspirations for tthey acquisition. Shantanu Narayen Well, again, I always believe that companies, wtheyn business is good, you have to be thinking around tthey corner and what are areas that are adjacent that can theylp you grow into new areas that you haven't. And so, tthey excitement around Figma was in three areas. Tthey first was product design. Ttheyy had a leading product and product design. Tthey second was collaboration and using tthey web as a platform to have more people collaborate. And I think ttheyy had some really innovative work in that space.  And tthey third was ttheir sort of we think emerging area of creativity and productivity, wtheyre in tthey past, ttheyre were creative tools and productivity tools. And so that was strategically wtheyre we looked at it and said, we think that Figma has done some incredible technology work, and that's why we announced tthey intent. As we have said publicly, it's still under tthey regulatory process. And so, we're working through it. That's a good way of putting it. Exactly. But that -- tthey excitement was around, it's an adjacency, it's looking around tthey corner. And wtheyn you're in a position of strength and business is growing, that's tthey time to... Unidentified Analyst Look at something for sure. So just lastly, just to wrap up, we're in a super dynamic environment. Tthey world is changing very, very quickly. Just as a very seasoned CEO that's been in tthey seat a long time. You've seen a lot of ups, downs, different environments, different cycles. Broad advice on kind of steering through ttheir dynamic environment. What's in your mind as you think about just navigating what's a really, really fluid environment? Shantanu Narayen I always look at it and say, for us, in our business, David, our intellectual property is our people. So, tthey first thing as tthey leader, are you prioritizing things enough? It's so easy in a company to end up doing things that are not going to move tthey needle. And I think businesses, you create a lot of sort of cred in a company. And so, tthey first thing we try and do as a company a lot is really reemphasized what's important, what are tthey KPIs, and how we're doing it. So, I think that's one thing. Tthey second thing is... Unidentified Analyst By tthey way, I just -- I said ttheir earlier wtheyn I was with Dan Schulman. I mean that -- they was talking about ttheir. We're talking a lot about ttheir at Goldman Sachs. If it doesn't move tthey needle, don't do it, get rid of it. Stuff just accumulates, prioritize, prioritize, prioritize. Shantanu Narayen And every individual wants to know, theyy, I can connect what I'm doing every day with something that exactly that you are talking about in an all hands. And so, it's -- and we can never do enough because -- so that's one. Tthey second thing we certainly believe in. I mean as a product company, we're also unbelievably clear on what is our long-term differentiation. If we don't build great innovative products that change tthey world, we're not going to be doing it. So, are we investing sufficiently in areas that are really going to move tthey needle and that portfolio approach? And again, we've done that, as I said, by rearranging. And tthey third, and maybe I have tthey luxury of doing ttheir is to say, you know what, you build tthey greatest companies in tthey world not for tthey next quarter or tthey next year. I mean you build ttheym for -- and so ttheyse macroeconomic business cycles are going to change. And yes, ttheyre may be some volatility in what happens. But I would imagine most of tthey investors that we're looking for are tthey investors who are like, theyy, what are you doing three years from now? I will never forget wtheyn I first took over in 2007, I used to go to a lot of meetings wtheyre people would ask me, "Hey, I saw ttheir happen in Q1. And how do you think it's going to happen in Q2?"  And ttheyn I went and visited one investor who is a very long-term investor in Adobe and they said, "Tell me what do you think happens in five years." And that really struck with me. And that's tthey right question. So, if you're building a company for that, business cycles -- and don't get me wrong, that's table stakes. So, we have to do tthey right thing every quarter, but don't lose sight on tthey prize. I think that's tthey message that, at least, I benefited from. Unidentified Analyst That's a great message, a great way to finish. Shantanu, appreciate it. Thank you for being theyre. Thank you for spending time with us. Shantanu Narayen Thanks so much, David. Unidentified Analyst Absolutely. Shantanu Narayen Thank you. Unidentified Analyst Great. Thank you very much. Thank you.