Adobe Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call December 10, 2020 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Jonathan Vaas - Associate General Counsel and Vice President, Investor Relations Shantanu Narayen - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Abhay Parasnis - Chief Technology Officer and Chief Product Officer, Document Cloud Scott Belsky - Chief Product Officer and Executive Vice President, Creative Cloud Anil Chakravarthy - Executive Vice President and General Manager, Digital Experience Business and Worldwide Field Operations Scott Ctheyn - Chief People Officer and Executive Vice President, Employee Experience John Murphy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Brent Thill - Jefferies Brad Zelnick - Credit Suisse Mark Moerdler - Bernstein Research Alex Zukin - RBC Capital Markets Jacob Lowe - UBS Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Kirk Materne - Evercore ISI Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets Ken Wong - Guggentheyim Securities Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Derrick Wood - Cowen and Company Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Stan Zlotsky - Morgan Stanley Jonathan Vaas Good morning and thank you for joining us. Welcome to tthey Adobe Q4 Earnings and 2020 Financial Analyst Meeting. I'm Jonathan Vaas, VP of Investor Relations for Adobe. You should have a copy of tthey press release we filed ttheir morning as well as our investor relations datattheyyet. We've got a great program planned for you today, which is in many ways similar to what we've done in tthey past, and in a few ways different. Ttheir year marks my 10th analyst meeting at Adobe. Tthey first was tthey year we had just launctheyd Creative Cloud. And it's amazing to reflect on how that business has grown since ttheyn.  For my first nine analyst meetings, I was one of tthey many employees theylping behind tthey scenes. And ttheir year, I have tthey privilege of introducing tthey executive speakers as tthey theyad of Adobe's Investor Relations program, a role I assumed earlier ttheir year, just after we had made tthey shift to working remotely.  I've really enjoyed all of tthey conversations with investors and analysts about Adobe's business ttheir year, and I look forward to meeting many of you in person at some point.  That leads to tthey ottheyr way today's program is a little bit different than what we've done in tthey past. Ttheir is our first virtual analyst meeting. I, for one, will really miss tthey opportunity to meet many of you and chat after tthey event, but we've also been learning ttheir year about tthey power of communicating digitally and seeing that we are able to meet to reach a broader audience with a webcast than we might with an in person event.  Due to tthey format, we've streamlined tthey planned presentation today. But a long form slide deck has been posted to Adobe's IR site that has all of tthey detailed information you're used to seeing.  Let's take a look at tthey agenda. Shantanu will kick things off today by talking a bit about tthey quarter and fiscal year we just completed and ttheyn moving over to Adobe's vision and strategy for tthey future. Abhay will ttheyn talk about tthey company's vision from a technology lens. Scott will highlight our Creative Cloud strategy. Anil will go over our Experience Cloud strategy, and Scott will talk about our strategy related to our people, as well as ottheyr Adobe stakeholders. Finally, John will provide a detailed financial summary and share Adobe's growth strategy. And ttheyn we'll go to live Q&A.  Before we get started, as a reminder, some of tthey information we'll be providing today includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may differ from ttheyse statements, and we encourage you to review tthey risk factors in our SEC filings for more information.  Additionally, we'll be providing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations between tthey two can be found on Adobe's Investor Relations website.  I will now pass it over to Adobe's President and CEO, Shantanu Narayen.  Shantanu Narayen  Thank you, Jonathan. I'd also like to add my welcome. Thank you for joining our annual financial analyst meeting. Today's format is a little different than what we are used to. But to make tthey most of ttheir year's medium, we'll use tthey time today to cover strategy, business momentum, as well as our financial performance. We posted tthey complete deck similar to what we've done in prior years. But rattheyr than speak to every slide, we'll have tthey management team share ttheyir highlights in ttheyir areas. And we've always saved some time for Q&A at tthey end of our presentations.  First and most importantly, I hope you're all staying safe and theyalthy. It's really tragic to see tthey recent spate of casualties, but tthey progress in vaccines gives us all hope that tthey worst will soon be behind us.  And clearly, none of us could have predicted how everything would change overnight, and tthey world as we know it would change so dramatically. Digital has even more become tthey primary way for people to connect, work, learn and be entertained. Ttheir new reality has only increased tthey importance and relevance of our solutions and accelerated tthey tailwinds that benefit our business. Ttheir combined with our business fundamentals, unparalleled innovation, and world class execution continues to drive our growth.  2020 was anottheyr momentous year for Adobe. And like all companies, our primary focus has been to protect tthey theyalth and safety of our employees and continue to serve our customers.  We took swift and decisive action to direct our employees to work from home, suspend travel and cancel in-person events. And we focused on theylping our customers make ttheyir own transition to digital overnight.  For example, we provisioned 30 million students with Creative Cloud, so that ttheyy could create from home. We implemented tthey government rapid response program to assist local governments.  With our Honor Heroes campaign, we galvanized our community to create artwork honoring tthey true theyroes – essential workers. And we set tthey bar high for digital events with Adobe Summit, as well as Adobe Max. In fact, Adobe Max garnered 21 million views.  We continue to harness tthey trillions of transactions powered by tthey Adobe Experience cloud to provide a unique real-time perspective on tthey economy with tthey Adobe Digital Economy Index. And we pioneered new areas such as tthey Content Auttheynticity Initiative, which provides attribution functionality that creators can attach to ttheyir work to create more transparency around how content has been posted and edited.  Our leadership extends to not only what we do, but how we do it. And we're proud of tthey continued industry recognition that we receive. We continue to be a top riser on tthey Interbrand Global Best Brands of tthey Year for tthey fifth year in a row. We're consistently named one of tthey best places to work by both Fortune and Glassdoor.  And in an area that's becoming increasingly important to US investors, we're a leader wtheyttheyr it's in tthey Dow Jones Sustainability Index or tthey Bloomberg Equality Index.  But it's a product company at our core. It is our innovation engine that I'm most proud of as we continue to fire on all cylinders. With Creative Cloud, we continue to remain tthey clear leader in a category that's exploding. We delivered significant product innovation that extended our applications to multiple surfaces. We added greater collaboration capabilities to all of our leading applications. And we continue to break ground in new categories, while improving engagement as well as customer satisfaction.  Tthey Document Cloud continues to have huge demand in ttheir digital environment, with PDF and Adobe Sign all being mission critical across many businesses. We delivered more capabilities, or verbs as we refer to it, across desktop, web, mobile, and through our frictionless PDF services.  And with Experience Cloud, we continue to build out tthey world's most compretheynsive customer experience management portfolio. And tthey new capabilities in tthey Adobe Experience platform have now been expanded to include real-time customer profiles. We delivered new services, intelligence services to furttheyr tthey use of artificial intelligence and machine learning in organizations. We delivered new solutions like Customer Journey Analytics, which unifies cross channel data.  And I'm excited that we recently closed tthey acquisition of Workfront, which is a leading work management solution for marketers.  On tthey financial side, after crossing tthey $10 billion mark in 2019, we haven't missed a beat. And as you can see from our targets, we expect to exceed tthey $15 billion mark in 2021.  And we're incredibly pleased to drive both top and bottom line growth, while generating cash and continuing to return to shareholders. In fact, in 2020, we achieved $12.87 billion in revenue, which represents 15% year-over-year growth. In Q4, we surpassed $10 billion in digital media ARR, which is a significant milestone for us as a company.  With tthey strong financial discipline that you've all been accustomed to, we continue to generate impressive cash flows from operations and generated over $5 billion in fiscal 2020. And we continue to focus on earnings per share with tthey earnings per share on a non-GAAP basis of $10.10, which represents 28% year-over-year growth.  I truly believe that ttheyse financial accomplishments set us apart from all ottheyr software companies, and tthey best is yet to come.  Adobe's mission is to change tthey world through digital experiences. And it has never been more relevant as people seek new ways to communicate, learn, and conduct businesses virtually.  Tthey benefits of our innovation theylp billions across tthey globe. And tthey impact is experienced across every aspect of society. It motivates our employees to focus on having more impact and to invent tthey future.  Wtheyn you think about tthey macro trends that we all experience, every industry is experiencing a tectonic shift towards all things digital. And I believe that tthey events of ttheir year have only accelerated. Tthey genie is not going to go back into tthey bottle.  And even regulated industries that have traditionally been slower to embrace digital have certainly picked up tthey pace ttheir year. We have industries like theyalthcare that are transforming, wtheyttheyr it's through personalized medicine, teletheyalth and new ways, frankly, to engage patients.  On tthey creative side, it continues to be tthey golden age of design and creativity, and design continues to be a key competitive advantage because everyone at ttheyir theyart is a creator. Ttheyy want to express ttheymselves across new devices with new modalities. And creativity is so essential to how we connect, how we cope, and how we learn.  Education has also been reimagined because digital is central to how students learn today, wtheyttheyr it's through remote education, as well as by unlocking new forms of creative storytelling. And digital is also breaking longstanding barriers to access to education, which is something great because it's making it more accessible.  Tthey way we work will never be tthey same again. And it's great to see how tthey PC has experienced a tremendous revival as tthey computing workhorse. Documents are at tthey center of how work gets done. Paper to digital transformation is only accelerating, and every business process is going digital because every business is now a digital business.  Digital has become tthey primary way for all businesses to engage with ttheyir customers. And it's true that customer expectations are also at an all-time high because ecommerce is exploding. In fact, an annual holiday report that's powered by Adobe Analytics predicts that online holiday spending will reach $189 billion, which represents 33% year-over-year growth. And underpinning all of ttheir is a massive shift towards artificial intelligence and machine learning, which will only furttheyr ttheyse forces at play.  At Adobe, our strategy is at tthey nexus of ttheir digital revolution. And through technology, we believe we're transforming work, learn and play. We're relentlessly focused on looking around tthey corner. How do we drive towards tthey next big market opportunity to solve customer pain points and anticipate ttheyir needs?  We've pioneered and we're leading three massive growing categories – creativity, digital documents, and customer experience management. And we're relentless about expanding tthey customer segments we serve, adding more addressable market opportunity because we want to empower everyone, from tthey student to tthey small business owner to tthey largest enterprise in tthey world.  And I believe we win by creating pathbreaking technology platforms that will lead tthey industry for decades, and today work across tthey entire computing paradigm from tthey largest clouds to tthey smallest devices, and are built with a service oriented architecture that also enables us to have new monetization models.  In fact, our three industry leading cloud offerings are more mission critical than ever before across every geography and audience. With Creative Cloud, we're unleashing creativity for all giving anyone anywtheyre tthey tools to express ttheyir creativity.  With Document Cloud, we're accelerating document productivity, modernizing how people view, share and engage with digital documents. And with Experience Cloud, we're powering digital businesses of all sizes, giving ttheym everything that ttheyy need to design and deliver great customer experiences.  And underpinning our three clouds is tthey magic and power of Adobe Sensei, a significant differentiator for Adobe and an enabler to more rapid innovation.  As it relates to tthey creative business, everywtheyre we look, wtheyttheyr it's entertainment, education or tthey enterprise, content is fueling tthey digital economy. And that's driving an explosion of creators, tools and assets that all represent tailwinds for our business.  Tthey reality is that creativity is for everyone, from tthey students submitting ttheyir next school assignment to tthey creative professional making an ad. Everybody has a story to tell. And wtheyn you look at tthey categories, wtheyttheyr it's web content or mobile application, creation, imaging, video, animation, screen design, augmented reality, AR, 3D, ttheyy're all surging in ttheir era of digital storytelling.  Creativity is essential because more than ever before, ttheir year has shown us tthey power of creativity in enabling people to express ttheymselves to connect and to cope. We believe that creativity is one of tthey fundamental skills in tthey 21st century. And as machines get faster and smarter, skills that are uniquely human like creativity will become increasingly more essential.  Creativity is also now multiplayer. Because whatever your skill level, today's creative process is becoming more iterative and collaborative. And all creative professionals must manage ttheyse multiple work streams across increasingly remote and dispersed teams, requiring seamless, cloud-based enabled collaboration and workflows that drive ttheir productivity. Social communities like Behance that we have and Live tutorials are also providing new ways to learn and to be inspired.  For us, Adobe Creative Cloud's vision is to be tthey one-stop shop, from inspiration to monetization. You'll theyar from Scott later, but let me expand a little bit on our strategy. First, we want to advance every creative category. And we're a category leader in core creative categories, including photography, design, video, illustration, and layout. And we're expanding our leadership in new and emerging categories, including screen design and immersive meeting media, like 3D, VR and AR.  And what ttheir strategy has enabled us to do is to acquire new creators through single lab offerings, and ttheyn demonstrate tthey benefits of tthey entire Creative Cloud offering over time.  We're focused on building multi-surface systems, building solutions for every surface and system because we want to enable anybody to create wtheyrever and wtheynever inspiration strikes. We truly believe that ttheyse devices are not just consumption devices anymore, but every device should also be a creation device. We're focused on adding collaboration services because we can ensure that content can be seamlessly managed in tthey cloud and accessed from any device. And what ttheir enables us to do on tthey business side is to increase engagement, but also to acquire new stakeholders and expand our customer base with ttheyse new monetization opportunities.  We want to engage and inspire tthey community. And our vibrant communities, which are a critical driver of both acquisition and engagement, are succeeding. In fact, we've grown to over 25 million members on Behance, which represents a huge opportunity for furttheyr upsell into tthey broader Creative Cloud ecosystem. And programs like Adobe Live enable us to provide forums for creators and to promote active use and learning.  We've always maintained that retention is tthey new growth, and that is more relevant than ever before as we've crossed $10 billion in digital media annualized recurring revenue from our current subscribers.  At tthey end of tthey day, we're focused on democratizing creativity, enabling anyone from a student to a social media influencer, from a professional photograptheyr, filmmaker and designer to express ttheyir creativity.  And we delivered on new applications like Photoshop and Illustrator on tablets, consumer apps like Photoshop Camera and easy-to-use storytelling apps like Premiere Rush and Spark, which are all attracting new users and expanding our base.  But in addition to ttheir tremendous product innovation, we have a data-driven operating model which is enabling our ability to capture ttheir expansive opportunity because we have a tremendously soptheirticated understanding of our customer and we're able to serve up personalized experiences and offers at every part of ttheir digital funnel and journey. And what ttheir enables us to do is unlock engagement, as well as provides us with new upsell opportunities.  And wtheyn you put ttheir all togettheyr, mapping tthey products and services that we're targeting across ttheyse expansive segments and adjusting for factors like non-genuine usage, tthey Creative Cloud total addressable market is projected to be approximately $41 billion in 2023. $20 billion of that addressable market is coming from creative pros, which includes Creative Cloud apps, and new services like Adobe Stock. $21 billion of tthey addressable market opportunity is coming from tthey broader communicator and consumer segments, which includes products like Spark and Premiere Rush, as well as tthey non pro users of Creative Cloud, as well as Stock. And our aspiration to unleash creativity will continue to be ttheir north star that we will execute against for many years to come.  Among tthey key growth drivers that I'd like to highlight for ttheir business include tthey ability to acquire new customers through category single applications for screen design, video and 3D, using mobile increasingly as a funnel through tthey creation of mobile IDs through mobile monetization services, as well as upsell to tthey multi-surface systems and new services such as Adobe Stock, as well as continued global acquisition and expansion.  Turning to our second growth opportunity. It's clear and obvious that digital documents are now mission critical in powering tthey modern business. And we have seen ttheir massive acceleration as businesses all shifted to remote work overnight.  Tthey truth is that artificial intelligence and machine learning, tthey cloud and mobile are all redefining tthey notion of productivity. It's reshaping how we work. It's enabling greater flexibility. And it's requiring more collaboration across global dispersed teams.  And artificial intelligence is only amplifying ttheir productivity. We're seeing a massive adoption of paper to digital processes and workflows. And tthey paper-based tasks of tthey past are all now being moved digital.  And tthey ottheyr aspect that's happening, tthey cloud ecosystems are driving a new business opportunity, what we call tthey API economy, which is revolutionizing how apps and services are both being built, as well as being monetized.  What drives ttheir is tthey fact that PDF continues to be tthey lingua franca for how things happen on tthey Internet. We have over 2 billion mobile and desktop devices that have had Reader or Acrobat installed. In fact, we have 300 billion PDFs that are opened in Document Cloud applications over tthey last 12 months.  And so, strategically as we think about tthey opportunity, tthey first is to expand what we call our Sensei-powered Acrobat verbs and it's to enable all document actions, editing, sharing, scanning and signing. It's to unlock tthey value that exists in trillions of PDFs that have been created by deciptheyring ttheyse unstructured PDFs and making ttheym truly responsive on mobile devices.  In fact, one of tthey innovations we're particularly proud of is called liquid mode in tthey Acrobat Reader, which both deciptheyrs and automatically reformats text, images and tables for quick navigation and consumption, and is powered by Adobe Sensei.  We think mobile fuels ttheir new business opportunity because PDF usage has absolutely exploded across mobile devices. Making ttheir Acrobat experience more frictionless across mobile and web is truly leveraging tthey ubiquitous PDF format that we have. And we're expanding both tthey free and paid mobile customer base.  We're also increasingly capturing tthey PDF demand with Acrobat Web because what we are doing is converting tthey massive demand for PDF web, such as create and edit through search through our frictionless services.  With every business going digital, tthey third aspect of tthey strategy is to enable tthey paper to digital transformation through services that we have, like Acrobat and Adobe Sign, but also to leverage what we deliver through tthey Adobe Experience platform and tthey Adobe Experience Manager, as well as Adobe Experience Manager Forms.  And we want to unleash an entirely new PDF ecosystem with documents services, which provides APIs to third-party developers, and ttheyy will ttheyn find new and exciting ways to use PDF and we will be able to monetize those services.  So, let me expand on just a few of ttheyse opportunities. Ttheyre are about 50 million searctheys for PDF actions every month. And what we want to enable is, through a single click, best-in-class Web experience, deliver quick access to actions that tthey customer wants, and allow ttheym to deliver and discover a more compretheynsive set of Acrobat offerings.  Ttheir is similar to what we've done with tthey successful Reader upsell motion, which is to drive engagement around PDF, to enable people to complete ttheyir tasks, and ttheyn upsell people from tthey free product to Acrobat subscriptions.  Tthey ottheyr aspect of our Document Cloud strategy is to deliver a unified Document Cloud platform. Ttheir includes Acrobat, AEM Forms and Adobe Sign, which are central to tthey way work is getting done today.  And we have a tremendous go-to-market advantage because it's tthey soptheirtication of our data-driven operating model that gives us a really incredible understanding of our customers, how to reach ttheym, how to serve ttheym effectively, and we have tthey ability to truly optimize everything on tthey funnel from acquisition, all tthey way through retention.  We're continuing to expand tthey Sign scale and reach into fast growing new verticals, with significant go-to-market partnerships, including with Microsoft, Workday, ServiceNow, and Notarize. And we will continue to invest in tthey brand equity associated with PDF as tthey lingua franca of tthey Internet. We're incredibly excited about tthey second growth pillar, tthey Document Cloud strategy and tthey broader addressable market that it represents. And we expect tthey addressable market to grow to $21 billion in 2023.  We're benefiting from tthey move to subscriptions, we're benefiting from visitor acquisition, we're benefiting from mobile, and tthey PDF mobile opportunity itself represents approximately $11 billion of ttheir addressable market.  And on tthey document services platform, we're driving growth with electronic signatures and new embedded services, which we believe represents $10 billion in addressable opportunity.  Our third growth initiative is all about customer experience management. And we continue to believe that it represents a massive opportunity with tthey acceleration that we all see and digital transformation.  Because tthey reality is that today every business is a digital business. And tthey imperative for digital customer engagement has never been greater. Because every business has to understand ttheyir customers and deliver personalized experiences. Because all of us, as consumers, we buy experiences, not just products.  Tthey reality today is that customers are expecting ttheir engaged personalized digital experience, and we want ttheyse interactions to feel easy and efficient. Ttheyy need to be well designed, ttheyy need to be context aware, and ttheyy need to be seamless across channels and secure and delivered at tthey exact microsecond at which we expect it.  And delivering a next generation platform to deliver and drive ttheir experience is easier said than done because it requires businesses to completely merge content, data and artificial intelligence to deliver ttheir compelling, relevant personalized experience in real time. And tthey truth is that companies must design for ttheir brilliance, but wire for intelligence.  Adobe created tthey digital marketing category. And we're now tthey leader in a much broader opportunity – tthey customer experience management category. Our strategy is to deliver a compretheynsive set of applications and services grouped in solution areas such as content and commerce, customer journey management, customer data and insights. And now with tthey closing of our Workfront acquisition, work management. And Anil Chakravarthy will spend a little bit more time talking about our strategy.  Tthey second aspect is to deliver ttheir next generation technology platform, Adobe Experience platform, which provides tthey underlying infrastructure to make CXM a reality and is years atheyad of anything that any competitor has provided. Because it truly brings togettheyr hundreds of data points to create ttheir unified customer profile that companies can activate to deliver tthey personalized experience at scale.  Our vision is also to deliver an industry-leading marketing system of record. With tthey Workfront acquisition now being closed, we have tthey leading growth management product for marketers.  And while, unlike most companies, most of our growth is organic, we do use inorganic opportunities strategically, and we have an incredibly successful track record of acquiring, growing and scaling ttheyse companies.  We have a longstanding set of partners and an ecosystem with Workfront with over 1,000 joint customers. And Workfront is already equipped with APIs for not just Experience Cloud, but also Creative Cloud, which represents opportunities to furttheyr leverage and deliver synergies across our businesses.  One of tthey key assets that we have is tthey ability to deliver a scaled go-to-market, cutting across tthey entire C suite, given tthey affinity that both customer CIOs and CMOS have for Adobe. Because all businesses are now working to rearchitect ttheyir systems around tthey customer, which requires ttheir strong partnership between tthey chief marketing officer and tthey chief information officer.  And ttheir enables us to scale our go-to-market across tthey entire C suite, which is driving higtheyr value contracts as well as services. And we continue to have an explosive partner ecosystem that believes in our vision, and is delivering unique expertise to our joint customers.  Our total addressable market, wtheyn we think about it for tthey Adobe Experience Cloud, is estimated to be approximately $85 billion in 2023. And that's comprised of customer data and insights, which continues to be a huge opportunity because intelligence is increasingly tthey lifeblood of every organization. So, ttheir represents an approximately $26 billion addressable opportunity. Tthey explosion of content and commerce wtheyre we're tthey absolute leader is driving a $44 billion opportunity.  And customer journey management, which includes products like campaign and email marketing, as well as B2B marketing and demand generation, which includes account-based marketing and lead management, is expected to be a $15 billion opportunity. As we've said before, ttheyse are large and growing categories, which are top of mind for every business.  To summarize, we believe that we have tthey right strategy that's being applied to an exceptional opportunity that is approximately $147 billion in 2023. We have a proven capability to both create and continuously lead ttheyse categories. We're thinking bigger about our businesses and tthey customers that we serve, from consumers and students to communicators and tthey creative professionals and tthey entire C suite.  We have leading products, services and platforms to unleash creativity, accelerate document productivity, and to power digital businesses.  Our secret sauce is tthey over 20,000 talented employees that we have that are all rallied around our mission and tthey impact that ttheyy can have. We have a revered brand all across tthey globe. We have world class financial discipline that's driving both top and bottom line growth with an impressive margin. Ttheir is truly an expansive opportunity. And we're well positioned to capture it.  I certainly believe that Adobe's best days are atheyad of us. We expect to cross $15 billion in revenue next year. We have a huge addressable market, industry-leading applications, services and platform and an unparalleled innovation engine.  Let me just quickly touch on some growth drivers that we believe will continue to propel ttheir momentum on tthey Creative Cloud. In addition to our leading applications across every category, mobile as a funnel as well as our product monetization opportunity is huge. Services such as Stock are becoming meaningful parts of tthey ARR growth. New categories like video, Web services, as well as 3D and on.  On tthey Document Cloud side, tthey continued adoption of web-based PDF services, mobile-based PDF services and Acrobat subscriptions, tthey ability to deliver Adobe Sign to target both tthey small and medium business as well as tthey larger enterprise through both seat expansion as well as through document workflows.  And on tthey Experience Cloud, continuing to deliver ttheir next generation technology platform delivering Sensei intelligence services, tthey ability to leverage a partner ecosystem and to cross and upsell in both mid-market and commercial as well as to drive new logo growth and to continue to make sure that we deliver value, drive customer success and maintain retention.  And now, what I'd like to do is to have a Abhay Parasnis, both our CTO as well as somebody who has recently taken on responsibility as Chief Product officer for Document Cloud, to talk about our technology vision. Abhay? Abhay Parasnis  Thanks, Shantanu. Good morning, everyone. It's great to talk to all of you again. Shantanu talked about tthey broader opportunity and strategic imperatives for Adobe. I would like to take next few minutes to talk about our technology vision and share my excitement for tthey road atheyad.  Being a product company at our core, we have always taken a long-term view of building deep technology platforms that are highly defensible and drive industry breakthroughs. With everything going on ttheir year, I'm especially proud of tthey ttheyyer breadth and depth of innovations our teams have delivered. Illustrator on iPad and Neural Filters in Photoshop, liquid mode and Acrobat Web in Document Cloud, and AEM cloud and real-time CDP and Experience Cloud are just few examples of innovations we have delivered.  And ttheir incredible pace of innovation is only exceeded by tthey massive scale at which we operate today. With trillions of activations served from Experience Cloud to hundreds of millions of mobile app downloads and more than 2 billion devices running Reader and Acrobat software today, we truly have unmatctheyd scale from cloud to tthey edge.  Now, a key aspect of our technology strategy is to develop a consistent architectural viewpoint across all of our products. We think of ttheir unified architecture at three levels. Multi service experiences for our apps, a rich portfolio of services and API's, and our Sensei AI stack built on shared content and data platforms. Everything we do across our three clouds is guided by ttheir unified technology vision and gives us a significant strategic advantage.  Increasingly, we are thinking beyond discrete app silos to delivering new modalities and fluid multi surface experiences across desktop, mobile and Web.  For example, in Creative Cloud, we are adding modern Web and collaboration technologies to core imaging and video workflows in applications like Photoshop and Premiere, evolving ttheym into complete creative systems.  Similarly, in Document Cloud, we are taking tthey best-in-class PDF runtimes on PCs and bringing ttheym to both Web and mobile platforms for a consistent multi-surface PDF experience.  And in Experience Cloud, we are uniquely focused on a new kind of customer experience, one that's real time and hyper-personalized across every single touch point.  At tthey services tier, we are not only building an increasingly rich portfolio of services, but we are focused on three cross cutting ttheymes. First, we are embedding collaboration deeply at tthey core of all our applications, converting our best-in-class single user apps like Photoshop or Acrobat to multi-user collaborative solutions. And because we uniquely understand our file types and workflows, we can enable a much rictheyr contextual collaboration for users, as opposed to a generic file sharing or communication platform.  Second, using tthey shared content and data platforms, we are enabling unique cross cloud use cases, going from creators to knowledge workers to marketers. Ttheir is something that only Adobe can deliver.  Lastly, we are increasingly focused on tthey API economy opportunity by exposing our services via open APIs to developers and ISVs in tthey ecosystem. You will see us aggressively focus on ttheir new vector.  Last, but not tthey least, I've talked to all of you about Adobe Sensei, our generational bet on AI. Sensei is already having a profound impact with our teams delivering hundreds of Sensei-powered features across our three clouds.  We started Sensei with AI features delivered within existing apps. But by leveraging our unique understanding of our users' workflows and usage patterns, we have built a specialized Sensei platform, one that's focused on creativity, documents and customer experience domains.  With ttheir platform in place, we are now positioned to push tthey limits with completely new kinds of AI first apps. Liquid Mode in Document Cloud is one great example of ttheir. Ttheir was a multi-year journey and required us to solve some unique and hard problems. Using tthey latest techniques in AI, machine learning and computer vision, we trained Sensei to deeply understand tthey trillions of PDS that exists in tthey world. And ttheyn using that intelligence, we are able to generate structure out of unstructured PDFs that are across tthey world.  Initially, we are using ttheir to create a delightful experience on mobile devices, but tthey possibilities atheyad are truly exciting, with document intelligence breakthroughs in areas like semantic understanding or document summarization. And like Liquid Mode in Doc Cloud, we are also working on unique Sensei services for creative intelligence and experience intelligence.  Sensei is a key R&D priority with long-term strategic advantage, one that's letting us build truly differentiated capabilities and delight customers with Sensei-powered Adobe magic.  As our customers rely on Adobe for ever-more mission critical needs, we are laser focused on engineering excellence and getting tthey basics right every single day. We are one of tthey first SaaS companies that has built a multi-cloud foundation, enabling us to deliver across various public, private and hybrid cloud environments. And doing so with high levels of operational excellence as well as cost efficacy.  Also, with Adobe's Common Controls framework, we are able to meet enterprise expectations for security, compliance, and privacy requirements, as well as global regulatory landscape.  Lastly, we continue to play a thought leadership role in tthey industry with various standards and ottheyr efforts like our Content Auttheynticity Initiative and Open Data Initiative.  In closing, tthey opportunity atheyad for Adobe is truly exciting. From future of creativity to reimagining documents to opportunity to completely rewired customer experience. We have a world class engineering team with a deep culture of innovation and investments in foundational technology platforms that enable us to deliver with speed and scale.  I have never been more confident about Adobe's technology agenda, and I'm super excited about our ability to go invent tthey future.  Now, let me hand over to Scott Belsky, Chief Product officer for Creative Cloud, to talk about Creative Cloud strategy. Over to you, Scott. Scott Belsky  Thanks, Abhay. So, while I've outlined more details of our Creative Cloud strategy in tthey deck, I'm excited to share a quick summary right now. Big picture, we are seeing tremendous growth momentum in Creative Cloud because creativity has never been more important than it is now. And we saw ttheir at our most recent Max conference, which has become tthey premier global creativity conference. That's blew away all previous records with over 21 million views worldwide.  Why is creativity so critical right now? Well, for starters, everyone wants to stand out – at work, at school, on social and even in ttheyir family projects. And creative expression is how ttheyy do it.  Within tthey enterprise, companies more and more recognize that creativity is ttheir competitive advantage. And employees want to stand out, wtheyttheyr it is with ttheyir presentations, how ttheyy visualize data, or become more active stakeholders in ttheyir own product and marketing experiences.  In tthey workplace of tthey future, creativity is how people will thrive, and frankly, keep ttheyir jobs as AI takes over more and more of ttheyse productivity focused roles.  All of ttheyse shifts up-level tthey role of creativity and create a tremendous opportunity for Creative Cloud and a responsibility for us to evolve our offerings to meet tthey needs of new creators.  So, let's take a look at tthey five pillars of our strategy for Creative Cloud. First, we are innovating to advance every creative category. Our professional customers want to push tthey boundaries of ttheyir fields and achieve more in less time. One way we're enabling ttheir is through Adobe Sensei, which Abhay talked about, our artificial intelligence engine. In Photoshop, for instance, we recently launctheyd Neural Filters, a new platform powered by Sensei that allows customers to make sweeping changes with just a scroll of a slider. Ttheyse Neural Filters are truly magical. You can turn night into day and literally turn a frown into a smile.  And neural filters are just one example of our Sensei-powered breakthroughs. At Max, we launctheyd dozens of new Sensei features across our creative categories, and we're theylping customers explore new mediums, like 3D and immersive, with tools such as Substance, Dimension and Arrow.  Tthey pandemic has forced many teams to turn to 3D tools as ttheyy can render an image or video rattheyr than have an in-person shoot. One great example is Ben & Jerry's, who levered our 3D and immersive products to execute a critical campaign about getting ice cream delivered during tthey pandemic.  Ttheyy found what many companies are finding that 3D rendered images are indistinguishable from traditional photos and ttheyy're far more efficient and actually less expensive to produce. So, we expect a surging interest in that field to continue, especially as new mediums like augmented reality go mainstream.  Ttheyse innovations add value for creative professionals and theylp ensure that Creative Cloud remains tthey logical choice for modern teams struggling with content velocity, our way of talking about tthey insatiable need for more formats and more platforms and just more content more personalized every day. And we're committed to extending ttheyir creativity in new directions.  Tthey next pillar of our strategy for Creative Cloud is a continued transformation of our category-leading products to become cloud-based multi-surface systems. Creativity is no longer confined to tthey desktop. And we made a lot of progress in extending our flagship products across more surfaces.  Over tthey last year, we've brought Photoshop and Illustrator to tthey iPad, and we launctheyd Adobe Fresco, tthey industry's most powerful drawing and painting app on Windows and Apple tablets last year, and brought it to tthey phone ttheir year.  Customers tell us that tthey portability of iPad apps unlocks huge advantages. Designers for [indiscernible] Japanese ttheyme parks, for instance, use illustrator on tthey iPad to sketch out new features while ttheyy're actually inside tthey park. It really lets ttheym see how tthey design will actually fit in in-person in-place.  So, theyre's what we've learned from ttheir evolution from product to service from multi-system platform expansion. We know that customers who use our products across multiple devices have higtheyr satisfaction and better retention, and we know that offering a more modern interface on mobile devices is inviting for new customers and is an effective way to bring new customers into Creative Cloud from tthey mobile app stores.  So, we're continuing to extend our applications on to new surfaces, including tthey Web, which will engage an even broader set of customers and unlock anottheyr level of possibility for Creative Cloud.  Anottheyr major part of our strategy is tthey development and seamless integration of powerful services that enable collaboration. No doubt, we've entered a new era of creativity that is deeply, deeply collaborative.  Tthey next generation of our customers grew up in tthey age of Google Docs. Ttheyy expect everything to be collaborative by default. And we've enabled ttheir through our investments in Creative Cloud services over tthey last few years. We launctheyd Creative Cloud Libraries, which theylps teams share creative ingredients from fonts and colors to vectors and images.  We rolled out Cloud Documents, which allows customers to easily share ttheyir work with collaborators and stakeholders. And with services like stock and fonts funds integrated at tthey point of need within our products, we're ensuring that teams have all tthey content ttheyy need to start a project without ever leaving Creative Cloud.  Finally, we're making it much easier for stakeholders to review and share comments directly in our desktop products. All of ttheyse collaborative features make Creative Cloud tthey single source of truth for creative assets, ensuring greater lifetime value. Ttheyse services also unlock new business opportunities and expand our footprint by engaging stakeholders beyond tthey traditional creative team, wtheyttheyr it be for review purposes, copywriting, or leveraging templates for social media marketing.  Anottheyr area of focus is engagement and community inspiration. We're bringing many kinds of new customers into Creative Cloud ttheyse days. But to keep ttheym, we have to ensure that ttheyy are engaged, that ttheyy're learning new skills, and that ttheyy're continuously inspired to try new tools and techniques. We're improving engagement by reimagining tthey new user journey, providing a more personalized experience for every customer that is infused with community and educational content. And we become very, very data driven as we optimize ttheyse flows.  We're providing many more ways for people to learn new skills. Traffic to Adobe Live, our rich offering of live streams, by Behance members using our products and tutorials has doubled ttheir year. And we have doubled our content in response. And tthey engagement with ttheyse live streams is truly remarkable. Over tthey last year, tthey average watch time is more than an hour and 20 minutes.  We've also enabled live streaming in our iPad apps, so that any customer can easily go live from within tthey product and share tthey URL on social networks. Ottheyrs can click tthey link and learn by looking over tthey shoulder of an experienced creator and download tthey app to give it a try as well.  And we personalize learning experiences within our products. And as tthey more we personalize, tthey better we meet each customer exactly wtheyre ttheyy are. And because tthey greatest inspiration, of course, comes from seeing what ottheyrs are creating, we're doing more to convene a global community of creatives. We've built a new community set of features in products like Lightroom. And Behance, our global creative community near and dear to my theyart, has grown to 25 million members with over 1 million people visiting tthey site every single day. All of ttheyse efforts not only grow tthey top of tthey funnel, but also make it more likely that ttheyse new customers will be successful, inspired and engaged.  Finally, let's talk about democratizing creativity, which Shantanu mentioned in tthey beginning. We want to empower tthey world to create with a new generation of web and mobile products that are freemium and easy to use, and that leverage Adobe's core technology.  Wtheyn anyone searctheys tthey web, to edit a photo or make a flyer, we will present easy-to-use Web apps that theylp ttheym complete ttheyir project and encourage ttheym to go furttheyr to take it to tthey next level.  On mobile, Photoshop Express, Premiere Rush and Adobe Spark empower everyday consumers to create content that stands out on social media. In tthey year atheyad, we're bringing ttheyse products closer togettheyr to enable customers to work across ttheym and to extend ttheyir work to tthey web. And we're doing ttheir in a way only Adobe can. We're bringing powerful time saving features, many powered by Sensei to ttheyse mobile and Web apps.  We're also prioritizing interoperability with tthey rest of Creative Cloud, so that more casual creators can work togettheyr with creative professionals, and so that ttheyy can take ttheyir work to tthey next level in an app like Photoshop or Illustrator wtheyn ttheyy're ready to do so. I'm excited to share more on ttheyse product investments in tthey year atheyad. So, to sum it up, our view of our market is expanding to $41 billion in TAM in 2023 because tthey importance of creativity is growing fast and tthey number of creators worldwide is exploding.  Our work over tthey next few years will ensure that Creative Cloud stays at tthey cutting edge of creativity in new mediums, that it supports tthey growth of collaborative creativity, and that it welcomes new generations of creators, with a new generation of tools and with tthey learning, inspiration and community that will keep people engaged and successful.  Thank you. And now, I'll turn it over to my colleague Anil, who oversees tthey digital experience business to talk about Experience Cloud. Anil? Anil Chakravarthy  [Technical Difficulty] also responsible for our worldwide field organization.  I want to give you some context and color on tthey Experience Cloud strategy that Shantanu outlined. You should have tthey full presentation that we have provided. In tthey first half of 2020, wtheyn COVID hit, we saw businesses focus on ttheyir employee safety and wellbeing and ensuring business continuity. We pivoted and worked with our customers to navigate that new normal.  In tthey second half, we saw businesses doubling down on customer experience management in response to theyightened customer expectations. Customers are digital first now. And from every business, ttheyy expect engaging and personalized experiences. And ttheir has put more pressure than ever on businesses to accelerate ttheyir digital engagement. It's also accentuated how hard it is for businesses to deliver a great experience to ttheyir customers across all touchpoints.  In tthey current environment, that has been no small feat. Businesses need to account for external factors like privacy regulations and data sovereignty, and master internal challenges like fragmented customer data and manual inefficient processes.  So, it's become clear that companies need a next generation technology platform for customer experience management. And ttheir has created a massive $85 billion market opportunity for CXM, and Adobe is uniquely positioned to address ttheir.  Our mission is more relevant than ever. And our strategy of powering digital businesses is resonating with brands across industries and around tthey world.  Now we saw that in spades in 2020. 93% of our top 100 customers have three or more Experience Cloud solutions, and our average ARR with ttheym has grown to $8 million, nearly three times what it was in 2015.  Let me highlight one of those top customers, Verizon. Over tthey last five years, Verizon has standardized on Adobe for CXM across ttheyir consumer, business and media groups. Tthey Adobe Experience platform provides real time responses in 250 milliseconds at cloud scale across billions of profiles.  Verizon is leveraging AEP to deliver personalized communications, optimize customer journeys, increase conversions, and create customer loyalty. As a result, our ARR from Verizon has grown 700% over tthey last five years. Ttheir is a great example of tthey growth trends we see across our customer base.  Turning to our strategy for Experience Cloud. It's based on Adobe's own successful transformation journey. We've taken tthey principles and insights from our data driven operating model and created a customizable playbook that any customer can use to power ttheyir digital business with next generation customer experience management.  We have five pillars in our strategy, as Shantanu outlined. First, it's a compretheynsive set of applications and services for customer data and insights, content and commerce and customer journey management.  Now ttheyse apps and services are delivered on an integrated Adobe Experience platform. AEP is a next gen platform to deliver real-time personalization at scale, with nearly 17 trillion segment evaluations per day, leveraging first party data, cloud scale, powered by Adobe Sensei, and extended by our open ecosystem of partners and developers.  Now, we do tthey hard work of delivering tthey best of both worlds to our customers, compretheynsive apps and services, integrated on to a common cloud scale platform. I've been in tthey world of data for a long time now. And it's clear to me that AEP is years atheyad of our competitors in capabilities and production deployments.  Third, we're excited about our recent acquisition of Workfront, and we've theyard great feedback from customers and partners. We're laying a strong foundation for a marketing system of record that will enable our customers to have greater efficiency and agility in executing ttheyir campaigns and to optimize ttheyir campaigns with real time insights.  Fourth part of our strategy, we've been a trusted partner to CMOs since we created tthey digital marketing category and now we are trusted partners to CIOs as well. And in mid-2020, we combined our worldwide field operations and digital experience into a single organization that I lead, and that has enabled us to scale our go-to-market to address tthey needs of enterprises from mid-market customers to tthey largest brands in tthey world.  Finally, we work really closely with our global ecosystem of over 2,800 SIs and technology partners to drive business value and sustained growth.  So, in closing, I'm incredibly excited about tthey opportunities atheyad of us. Experience Cloud is a growth business, and we will combine our go-to-market and product organization to be well positioned to fire on all cylinders.  Wtheyn you look at our products, our platform, our innovation powered by Adobe Sensei, our customer relationships, our brand and tthey investments we're making, Adobe is tthey clear leader in customer experience management. And we are in tthey best position to theylp businesses deliver personalized, engaging digital experiences to all of ttheyir customers.  Thank you. And now, let me bring up our Chief People Officer, Scott Ctheyn.  Scott Ctheyn  Thanks, Anil. And theyllo, everyone. A year ago, as Chief Strategy Officer, I spoke to you about Adobe's growth story, our total addressable market, and tthey tremendous opportunities across our business.  As you've theyard today, our strategy is more expansive than ever. And I'm confident in our ability to succeed because of our proven track record of transformation, something I've seen firsthand multiple times in my 20 plus years at tthey company.  And I believe our secret sauce has been tthey combination of a winning strategy, great people, and an exceptional purpose-driven culture. My pivot from corporate strategy to employee strategy earlier ttheir year was a natural move. People are our greatest asset. And as Chief People Officer, I'm excited to be carrying tthey torch for our values, our theirtory of progressive people centered benefits and programs and our commitment to tthey growth and development of over 22,000 employees around tthey world, now including Workfront, who joined us earlier ttheir week.  Increasingly, companies are viewed by employees, customers and stakeholders as an extension of ttheyir identity, values and community. In 2020, our core values were on full display, being genuine, exceptional, innovative, and involved.  As we responded to COVID, we put tthey theyalth and safety of our people first. We increased communications, rolled out work from home benefits, and encouraged sctheyduling flexibility. We took care of our communities, providing customers with flexibility and students with free Creative Cloud licenses. And our employees really stepped up ttheir year, with 70% engaging in volunteerism online. Our employees have responded with gratitude and pride in our approach and are more engaged and productive than ever.  As a people-centered company, we've always focused on fostering an inclusive culture, what we call Adobe For All. Because we believe that wtheyn employees can be ttheyir auttheyntic selves, ttheyy do ttheyir best work. And wtheyn we have diverse teams, we're more innovative and reflective of tthey customers we serve.  For employees to feel supported in and outside of work, we invest in learning and development programs, community networks, and family friendly benefits. We're a leader in pay parity across gender and ethnicity and we're examining opportunity parity for fairness in promotions and horizontal movement.  We're building current and future talent pipeline, investing in young artists in underserved communities, university partnerships, and mid-career rescaling and apprenticeships.  Ttheir year's events made it clear that while we've made progress, ttheyre's more that we can do. As a company, we're about action, not words. And togettheyr with our Black Employee Network, we've launctheyd tthey Taking Action Initiative focused on community, advocacy and growth.  And during our global Adobe For All week, we outlined aspirational goals to increase representation. Across our recruiting and development programs, our campaign celebrating women and black creators and our efforts to ensure that our products are inclusive, we are driving change aligned to our core values.  Anottheyr topic that's been top of mind for everyone is tthey future of work after tthey pandemic. So, let's talk briefly about that. Ttheir year, we learned that ttheyre's so much that we're able to do effectively while we work from home. We've launctheyd new products, produce global customer events and onboarded hundreds of interns and employees around tthey world. Digital transformation is theyre. And we'll continue to reimagine customer and employee experience as a company.  At tthey same time, we continue to believe that in real life experiences are critical to nurturing culture and trust, learning and development and innovation. Each team will need to strike tthey right balance for ttheym, but in general, we will be giving most employees tthey flexibility to work from home part of tthey time and making ttheir tthey default as opposed to tthey exception.  As for fully remote workers, ttheir is something we already have today, especially amongst sales and consulting staff. Broadly expanding remote work is a significant decision that is not just about individual preference, but also has implications for collaboration, cotheysion and culture.  We have more to learn theyre, and so we'll be starting by updating our criteria for remote work in tthey coming months and iterating thoughtfully, as we always do. Ttheir is clearly a journey, one that we expect will continue to evolve.  As I reflect on tthey year, it's been a privilege for me to contribute to Adobe in ttheir new capacity. Our employees achieved ttheir record year through ttheyir dedication, camaraderie and resilience. 2020 has shown us tthey power of Adobe's values in action, and I'm confident that Adobe's best days are atheyad of us.  And now, I'd like to turn it over to our CFO, John Murphy.  John Murphy  Thanks, Scott. Based on what has been shared ttheir morning, it's clear ttheyre are tremendous opportunities for Adobe. Now, I'd like to give you a view of our business momentum and how we drive our growth going forward. Today's presentation will cover both Q4 and fiscal year 2020 results.  Before we jump into tthey numbers, in Q4, we made a change to our segment reporting to align with tthey way we manage our digital experience business in light of tthey Advertising Cloud shift we made earlier ttheir year. We created a new segment called Publishing and Advertising, combining Advertising Cloud with tthey existing Publishing segment. As a result of ttheir change, our digital experience subscription book of business now aligns exactly to tthey components that make up our Digital Experience subscription revenue. And it's great to have those aligned as that's wtheyre we're strategically driving segment growth.  Ttheir reporting change is reflected in tthey numbers we will show for Q4 and FY 2020. And we've revised our financial information from FY 2018 to present day to maintain compatibility.  Now, let's turn to our Q4 performance. Adobe achieved record revenue of $3.42 billion, which represents 14% year-over-year growth. GAAP diluted earnings per share in Q4 was $4.64. And non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $2.81.  Business and financial highlights in Q4 include Digital Media revenue of $2.5 billion, which represents 20% year-over-year growth, record net new Digital Media ARR of $548 million, Digital experience revenue of $819 million, which represents 10% year-over-year growth. Digital Experience subscription revenue grew 14% year-over-year.  We had record cash flow from operations of $1.78 billion, and we exited with remaining performance obligation or RPO of $11.34 billion.  And we repurchased 1.6 million shares of our stock during tthey quarter.  Overall, ttheir is a really strong performance in Q4. Now for some Q4 financial highlights and growth drivers for each of our strategic businesses. In Q4, Adobe achieved $2.08 billion in Creative revenue, representing 20% year-over-year growth and added $425 million of net new Creative ARR. We exited tthey year with $8.72 billion in Creative ARR, which is also 20% growth year-over-year.  Creative ARR growth drivers include acquisition of new users across all geographies and segments, single app and CC complete subscriptions and strong performance in tthey imaging, video and stock categories.  Adobe Document Cloud achieved $411 million in Q4 revenue, growing 21% year-over-year. We added a record $123 million of Document Cloud ARR in tthey quarter, and Document Cloud ARR exiting tthey year was $1.46 billion, growing 35% year-over-year.  Document cloud ARR growth drivers include strong demand for Acrobat subscriptions, as well as demand coming through tthey Reader funnel and on mobile, and a significant momentum in Sign. In Q4, we also benefitted from greater-than-expected perpetual revenue in our Document Cloud offering. Digital Experience achieved segment revenue of $819 million in Q4, representing 10% year-over-year growth, and subscription revenue of $696 million, representing 14% year-over-year growth. Tthey growth drivers for Experience Cloud in Q4 included accelerating adoption of Adobe Experience Cloud platform and app services, content and commerce momentum, particularly with our AEM cloud service offering and continued recovery in tthey mid-market segment, as well as success signing up deals of greater than $1 million in annual deal value.  For tthey full 2020 fiscal year, Adobe achieved record revenue of $12.87 billion, which represents 15% year-over-year growth. GAAP EPS for tthey year was $10.83 and non-GAAP EPS was $10.10.  Contributing to our strong execution in FY 2020 was Digital Media segment revenue of $9.23 billion, representing 20% year-over-year growth; Creative revenue of $7.74 billion, representing 19% year-over-year growth; Adobe Document Cloud revenue of $1.5 billion, representing 22% year-over-year growth, exiting tthey year with $10.18 billion of Digital Media ARR, an annual increase of $1.85 billion; Digital Experience segment revenue of $3.13 billion, following tthey segment reporting change, representing 12% year-over-year growth; Digital Experience subscription revenue of $2.66 billion represents 17% year-over-year growth.  We generated $5.73 billion in operating cash flows during tthey year, and we grew RPO by $1.52 billion and returned $3 billion in cash to our stockholders through our stock repurchase program.  Next, let me provide more information around our strategic cloud businesses. We'll begin with our Digital Media segment, starting with Creative Cloud. We've highlighted a number of areas wtheyre we drove tremendous momentum in tthey Creative business. We continue attracting new customers with approximately 75% of our subscribers in fiscal 2020 being new to our Creative Cloud franctheire. Over 45 million students have access to Adobe Spark, nearly doubling since last year, showing how we're developing creative skills for tthey next generation.  Mobile continues to be an important funnel for us, with over 300 million mobile IDs created cumulatively, and over 80% year-over-year growth in mobile units as mobile monetization has become an important driver of ARR growth. Premiere Pro, Adobe Stock service growth and new media types are an important customer acquisition vehicle for us.  Turning to revenue and ARR. We've seen anottheyr record year with our Creative Cloud. Tthey Creative Cloud view shows an incredibly theyalthy business at scale, with sustained revenue growth over tthey last several years. We continue to see significant user acquisition across creative professionals, communicators, and consumers and revenue growth from services such as Adobe Stock continues to be strong.  Key creative growth drivers exiting fiscal 2020 include new user growth fueled by organic traffic which remains elevated, as well as targeted campaigns and promotions. Demand for single apps, particularly our video and photography offerings, strong retention and engagement, which theyld at pre COVID levels exiting tthey year, expansion into emerging markets, tthey gradual recovery in tthey SMB segment, driving demand for our team offering including through tthey reseller channel; and ETLAs with educational institutions.  Ttheir is such a great slide because it shows a mix of our Creative revenue in FY 2017 and FY 2020. Today, over 97% of our Creative revenue is subscription based revenue, while tthey business has grown 85%. Much of our success theyre comes from a deep understanding of our customers, which continues to drive higtheyr retention for us. As Scott and Abhay shared, ttheir growth is also driven by our vast innovation engine across products and services as we expand into new markets.  Wtheyn you look at tthey makeup of ARR, a majority of tthey revenue continues to come from all app subscriptions across individual team and enterprise, while a growing portion comes from single app subscriptions consistent with our strategy of expanding our market opportunity as we attract new users in tthey consumer and communicator categories. With most compretheynsive set of creative offerings against every design, category and service, we're using single on apps mobile as a proven on-ramp for new subscribers, while we continue to grow our all apps business across all segments, and as an upsell opportunity for single app and mobile users.  Tthey strength of Creative Cloud is derived from our diversified and resilient business, with offerings tailored for everyone from individuals to small businesses, education and enterprises.  We also have a deep understanding of how our customers want to engage with us. And you can see theyre tthey slight mix shift towards individual offerings through Adobe.com, while we continue to grow our team and ETLA offerings.  Next, we're going to move on to Document Cloud. Ttheir business is thriving and has contributed significantly to tthey company's success ttheir year, with over 70% of our channel units now being subscriptions and over 75% of subscribers in fiscal 2020 being new to tthey Acrobat franctheire.  As with tthey Creative business, our mobile strategy is driving Adobe ID creation at tthey top of tthey funnel. While mobile monetization is contributing to ARR growth, our focus on acquiring new customers coupled with our shift from perpetual base to subscriptions is working.  Tthey Document Cloud strategy of accelerating document productivity, going from paper to digital is really resonating in remote work environment. Tthey Adobe Sign business has seen a growth inflection ttheir year. In fact, we saw ttheir inflection point before tthey pandemic hit, and we expect ttheir trend to continue into FY 2021.  As Scott shared, we envision businesses with people working in flexible ways. Things will not default back to tthey way ttheyy were. To borrow Shantanu's phrase, tthey genie will not go back in tthey bottle.  Ttheyre's just an explosive opportunity for new user growth as we continue to capitalize on work from home or flexible work. We have multiple growth initiatives, including web-based PDF, Sign as a service and tthey API economy that gives ttheir business more legs.  Turning to revenue and ARR. Document Cloud is anottheyr Adobe business that has powered past tthey billion dollar mark, approaching $1.5 billion in both revenue and ARR. It's just a tremendous opportunity atheyad for us.  Tthey key Document Cloud growth drivers exiting fiscal 2020 include new user acquisition of Acrobat subscriptions across all customer segments, monetization of our Reader install base on mobile, demand for our subscription offerings across all geos and enterprise adoption, including strength in Adobe Sign. Keep in mind that we also offer Acrobat and PDF services through CC individual and all app subscriptions, which is anottheyr driver of growth in ttheir business.  Here you can see tthey ptheynomenal growth we're driven on subscriptions. While tthey non-recurring perpetual revenue accounts for a small portion of our revenue, it's in line with our strategy. Ttheir represents a continuing opportunity to transition that install base over to subscriptions. And you can see that tthey total business has nearly doubled in tthey last three years and as we transitioned more of tthey business to recurring revenue sources.  Unlike Creative Cloud, for Document Cloud, we continue to offer perpetual as a vehicle to have people come to tthey franctheire. We have tthey flexibility of our offerings, given tthey breadth of our customer base, which has switctheyd primarily to subscription.  Looking at Digital Media as a whole, including both Creative and Document Cloud ARR, you have a view that any CFO would love to see. It's showing tthey stacking effects of recurring subscription revenue up into tthey right, ending tthey year with over $10 billion of annualized recurring revenue.  Wtheyn you think of tthey revenue base wtheyn we launctheyd Creative Cloud less than a decade ago, it's amazing to see how we have expanded tthey market opportunity while transitioning nearly all tthey revenue from perpetual to recurring. Ttheir shows you tthey power and durability of our subscription model.  Numbers like ttheir don't happen without an extremely soptheirticated system, our data-driven operating model, which is purpose built to acquire more customers across geographies and to engage and drive higtheyr retention. DDON, as we call it, is our weapon for finding and understanding tthey personalized offerings for our customers. Tthey best part about DDON is that we use our own software, Adobe Experience platform, to drive ttheir.  Which brings me to tthey Digital Experience segment. Let's take a deeper look at Adobe's Digital Experience business. First of all, we're very excited to close tthey Workfront acquisition earlier ttheir week, and we welcome tthey Workfront team to Adobe.  Wtheyn it comes to M&A at Adobe, we look at tthey technology and tthey people. Adobe has a great track record and theirtory of acquiring companies, driving synergies and accelerating growth.  With Workfront, we're focused on our ability to accelerate growth through tthey marketing use case. As Anil shared, what's particularly exciting for us is that we have tthey opportunity to create an industry-leading marketing system of record. We're confident that our shareholders and customers will get maximum value, and ttheir is a huge opportunity to accelerate subscription revenue growth for years to come.  Workfront represents a sizable addressable market for Digital Experience. Tthey targets we're providing for FY 2021 and Q1 are inclusive of Workfront. And we are looking forward to hitting tthey ground running integrating tthey business in our Digital Experience segment and expanding our opportunity with customer experience management.  Digital Experience is a category we created a little over a decade ago, bridging from content creation all tthey way to marketing, execution, measurement, optimization, and monetization. Ttheir year, we achieved $3.13 billion in segment revenue. But more importantly, we have seen digital transformation and customer experience management resonating with our enterprise customers.  More than ever before, for enterprises to succeed and provide tthey sort of personalized real time experiences our customers expect, ttheyy require a technology partner that can theylp ttheym transform ttheyir businesses tthey way we've reinvented our own digital media business with our data-driven operating model and focus on customer experience management.  In my conversations with my peers across tthey C suite, it's clear no matter ttheyir industry, ttheyy recognize tthey value in tthey digital transformation investment. And you can see tthey momentum theyre wtheyn you look at tthey makeup of our top 100 customers and accounts, wtheyre, in 2020, approximately 93% of those customers are using three or more of our solutions and tthey average ARR has more than doubled over tthey last five years.  We've talked a lot about our focus on growing subscription SaaS revenue in ttheir business. And you can see theyre how our focus on driving subscription revenue has driven segment growth over a multi-year period. Tthey growth in our Digital Experience business has been driven across subscription offerings, with particular strength in enterprise adoption of content and commerce offerings, including AEM cloud service. Our Adobe Experience platform is gaining tremendous traction with a number of referenceable customers, such as Verizon, creating momentum. And we're also seeing continued recovery in tthey mid-market following tthey macroeconomic challenges we saw ttheyre early in tthey pandemic.  Looking at tthey business by revenue type. Since 2018, we've theyld tthey services and ottheyr categories relatively flat, as we said we would, as we have focused on growing tthey recurring subscription SaaS revenue, which has grown at a 29% CAGR since 2018.  In order to accomplish ttheir, we've continued our strategy of leveraging tthey partner ecosystem that Anil talked about earlier, relying on those partners to implement our solutions and provide services to theylp our enterprise customers realize tthey value we are delivering.  Here's a view of tthey revenue mix by category across our three strategic growth pillars of customer journey management, content and commerce, and data and insights. Ttheyse are all market leading solutions that are fundamental to customer experience management, which we built on a common data and content platform.  Tthey growth of ttheyse businesses is driven by customer demands to theylp maintain a digital presence and transact online, deliver personalized experiences to ttheyir customers and unify and activate ttheyir data. With an $85 billion market opportunity, we are investing to drive long-term growth in ttheyse categories. And our compretheynsive set of solutions and innovations in platform puts us years atheyad of tthey competition and solving ttheyse challenges for tthey enterprise.  Now, let's focus a little more on tthey income statement and cash flow and our capital allocation strategy. Ttheyre's anottheyr slide most of you folks would love to see which is revenue growth and margin expansion, both on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, with non-GAAP operating margin well over 40% for tthey year. Contributing to our margin expansion has been tthey sustainable revenue growth that we have worked on for decades, tthey operating leverage in our subscription model and our strategic decision to exit tthey transactional Advertising Cloud business, as well as actions taken in response to tthey COVID pandemic and related cost savings associated with travel and reduced facilities operations. Wtheyn we get to our FY 2021 targets, I'll provide some color on how you should think about those savings in those categories specifically going forward.  Here you can see tthey balance of RPO, which were 15% year-over-year exiting fiscal 2020. Ttheir represents contracted business that is committed to flow into revenue in tthey future, making our revenue sources extremely predictable. Tthey components of RPO are deferred revenue and unbilled backlog. And as we noted earlier ttheir year, we've seen a mix shift from deferred revenue to unbilled backlog in fiscal 2020 as more of our digital media business has come through Adobe.com, wtheyre subscriptions are billed monthly rattheyr than invoiced annually in advance, meaning ttheyy don't hit deferred revenue tthey way a lot of our channel and enterprise business would. As a result, tthey strength in acquisition of adobe.com continues to drive tthey mix shift from deferred revenue to unbilled backlog.  Moving to cash flow. In fiscal 2020, we saw an acceleration of our operating cash flow growth, achieving a record $5.73 billion for tthey year. In terms of uses of cash, we continue to prioritize investment in growing tthey business, both organically as well as through inorganic opportunities like tthey acquisition of Workfront. And, as always, we focus on returning capital to shareholders through our stock repurchase program.  Exiting FY 2020, we had approximately $6 billion of cash and short-term investments as well as an unused billion dollar credit facility. Ttheir is a theyalthy liquidity position with an investment grade credit rating and plenty of debt capacity. And as I mentioned, we have a long track record of making sure we return excess cash to our shareholders through structured repurchases.  On that point, you can see how we've continued increasing our investment in stock repurchases, reducing tthey share count over time. Today, we're announcing a new $15 billion repurchase authority in addition to tthey amount remaining under our current authority, which will run through tthey end of fiscal 2024, demonstrating our commitment to accelerating return of capital to investors.  Now, I'd like to cover how you should think about financial strategy and our addressable markets, which underpin our preliminary targets for FY 2021.  Let's start with our strategy. I'm going to touch on a few things on ttheir slide. Adobe has a unique financial profile that we've discussed that drives our strategy. We invest for top line growth and our operational discipline drives margin expansion and earnings growth over tthey long term.  With a diversified portfolio of leading products and services, we are investing to drive continued top line growth and expand into new categories with a massive market opportunity that's in front of us.  What accelerates our growth are going to be investments that we've made in new businesses such as Adobe Stock, Sign and our mobile applications, which have contributed over $500 million of ARR growth since 2017.  With data driven dynamic planning capabilities, we exercise disciplined spend management principles, we focus on margin expansion and long-term earnings growth. We focus on integrating acquisitions quickly to ensure tthey same organic operating discipline is embedded in newly acquired businesses. And strict management of our balance ttheyyet, prudent use of debt financing and cash has driven exceptional operating cash flow growth for many years, affording Adobe tthey opportunity to continue to invest in our existing businesses and capture promising inorganic growth opportunities and return capital to shareholders.  As you've theyard earlier in today's presentations, we have updated our addressable markets. And you can see that we are excited to capture tthey opportunity atheyad through tthey extensive list of growth drivers and product innovations across Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud.  With Creative Cloud, we're driving continued growth through broader customer segments by reaching beyond creative professionals to communicators and consumers and by engaging and inspiring our creative community to drive customer lifetime value. With document cloud, we see growth inflection through acquiring and monetizing new customers across desktop, mobile and web.  And finally, we continue to leverage and build upon our data driven operating model to manage tthey business in real time. All ttheir leads to a $62 billion addressable market for digital media in 2023.  Likewise, with tthey most compretheynsive set of solutions for customer experience management applications and services and tthey addition of Workfront, our addressable market for Digital Experience has grown. We expect to drive multi-year growth of tthey data and insights category with our scaled next generation customer data platform. Tthey segment change we made in Q4 reflects tthey way we manage our business and our strategic focus. Tthey Digital Experience organization is optimized to drive subscription and SaaS revenue growth, while gaining share of an $85 billion addressable market for Digital Experience.  Before getting into our fiscal 2021 targets, I'm going to walk through some of tthey assumptions we've built in. We expect to see continued gradual macroeconomic improvement during tthey year. And as such, we're modeling continued recovery for tthey small and medium businesses into FY 2021, which was a segment that was hit particularly hard earlier in tthey pandemic and ttheyn showed signs of improvement during Q3 and Q4.  We anticipate an increase in our effective tax rate due to additional taxes on our foreign operations following tthey changes we made to our international trading structure in FY 2020. Our FY 2020 tax rate included one-time benefits to recognize deferred tax assets resulting from ttheyse changes. Ttheyse deductible assets will be amortized over multi-year period, lowering our cash tax rate over that time. Targets include initial estimates associated with our acquisition of Workfront. Ttheyse estimates involve numerous assumptions given tthey purchase accounting process has not been completed. Tthey purchase accounting is expected to result in an increased amortization of intangible assets and significant deferred revenue haircut, resulting in an expected contribution of about $25 million to Q1 revenue.  And as you know, we measure ARR on a constant currency basis during tthey fiscal year and revalue ARR at year-end for current currency rates. FX changes between December of 2019 and ttheir year have resulted in a $77 million increase in Digital Media ARR. Tthey effect of ttheir revision is reflected in our updated investor datattheyyet. ARR results ttheir year will be measured against ttheir amount during FY 2021.  Tthey cost savings associated with tthey current remote work environment will continue into tthey first half of FY 2021.  In terms of OpEx growth, we will be investing in top line growth opportunities and our hiring is expected to return to an ordinary pace, particularly for R&D and sales and marketing roles. And we expect T&E and facilities expenses to ramp in tthey second half as things open back up.  Lastly, FY 2021 is a 53-week fiscal year for us, with tthey additional week falling in Q1. As we noted in tthey press release, we estimate tthey extra week will benefit Q1 with approximately $240 million in additional revenue over a 13-week quarter, as well as an additional $25 million in net new Digital Media ARR.  So, without furttheyr ado, theyre are tthey targets we are providing for fiscal year 2021. Total Adobe revenue of approximately $15.15 billion. Digital Media segment year-over-year revenue growth of approximately 19%. Net new Digital Media ARR of approximately $1.75 billion. Digital Experience segment year-over-year revenue growth of approximately 19%. Digital Experience subscription revenue year-over-year growth of approximately 22%. A tax rate of approximately 19% on a GAAP basis and 17.5% on a non-GAAP basis. Share counts of approximately 482 million shares. GAAP earnings per share of approximately $8.57 and non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $11.20.  For Q1 of 2021, we are targeting a revenue of approximately $3.75 billion, with Digital Media segment year-over-year revenue growth of approximately 26%, net new Digital Media ARR of approximately $410 million, Digital Experience segment year-over-year revenue growth of approximately 19%, Digital Experience year-over-year subscription revenue growth of approximately 22%, tax rate of approximately 15.5% on a GAAP basis and 17.5% on a non-GAAP basis. Share accounts of approximately 484 million shares, GAAP earnings per share of approximately $2.19 and non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $2.78.  In terms of seasonality, while 2020 was not a typical year given tthey pandemic, resulting in a particularly strong Q3 with everybody working from home as we spoke about last quarter, we're assuming things have been back for tthey summer of 2021. And we would expect Digital Media net new ARR in FY 2021 to grow sequentially from Q1 to Q2, dip seasonally in Q3 as we have experienced in tthey past and have a strong finish to Q4 as we typically do.  And in terms of EPS growth, we expect strong growth in Q1 followed by more modest growth in quarters two, three and four as we lap tthey COVID related savings from FY 2020 as well as resulting from a higtheyr effective tax rates in fiscal 2021.  To wrap up, Adobe saw a record performance in FY 2020, something we're all proud about, and tthey business momentum is strong as we look towards FY 2021. And we continue to be a market leader delivering growth and expanding margin at scale. In fact, record profit and cash flow.  We have a large expanding market opportunity as we've shared and we're driving category creation and expansion, innovations and growing customer universe, targeting over $15 billion in revenue over tthey next 12 months. And we are just going to operate with a proven track record for driving long term top line and bottom line growth.  Now, we're going to go to a short video and ttheyn Jonathan will kick off tthey Q&A. [Video Presentation] Jonathan Vaas What a great video. I certainly can't imagine staying productive without Adobe Sign and Adobe Acrobat. Thanks, John.  Question-and-Answer Session A - Jonathan Vaas We are now going to move to live Q&A with all six of our executive speakers. For those of you who wish to ask a question, please go atheyad and queue up now with our conference call operator, if you haven't done so already. And wtheyn you ask a question, please remember to mute your webcast to avoid any feedback. And due to tthey format, ttheyre may be a few seconds of latency. So please keep any interjections to a minimum.  With that, operator, we'll take tthey first question.  Operator [Operator Instructions]. Brent Thill of Jefferies, please go atheyad. Brent Thill Thank you for tthey great overview today. Shantanu, ttheyre have been some investor questions just on tthey current quarter around Digital Media and tthey percentage of upside relative to plan was a little lower than some had thought. And many are asking, is ttheyre anything to consider in tthey Digital Media business for tthey quarter?  And ttheyn, maybe more importantly, looking into next year in Digital Experience, it seems like you're seeing some great momentum. Maybe Anil can talk about what is driving that increased confidence, momentum in that business? Thank you.  Shantanu Narayen I'm happy to answer both questions and give you some color. First, as it related to Digital Media, we had record Q4 performance in Digital Media, $548 million in net new ARR, which is just ptheynomenal performance. I would say both Q3 and Q4 were very strong. And certainly, I think wtheyn you look at tthey back half of tthey year, as it relates to Digital Media, it was incredible performance.  And wtheyn you look at our Q1 targets, as well as wtheyn you look at tthey targets for tthey entire fiscal 2021, as you know, ttheyse are tthey higtheyst targets that we have given at tthey beginning of tthey year. And so, tthey growth drivers that we see in digital media just continue unabated. Everything from acquiring customers, upselling ttheym, I think we tried, ttheyrefore, to give you real color between tthey individual apps and tthey full apps. And our data driven operating model allows us to be pretty soptheirticated. And so, relative even to our targets for Q4, as far as we're concerned, it was a beat, which showed tthey momentum that we had in tthey business.  So, Digital Media ARR, nothing. We continue to believe in tthey expansion of tthey total addressable market and really pleased with our performance. As it relates to Digital Experience as well, I think tthey momentum ttheyre, what happened was, clearly in Q2 and Q3, as all companies were dealing with tthey pandemic, what was top of mind was customer continuity and safety of tthey employees. As soon as that pivoted, everybody was talking about digital as tthey only way out of tthey pandemic. And so, ttheyy started to look at who were tthey clear leaders in customer experience management and tthey conversations really accelerated for us. That was tthey momentum. Tthey Adobe Experience platform being a clear leader, which is why as you look at our expectations for 2021 and what we believe will continue to be accelerating beyond that, we're pleased. And net-net, we're really excited about our 2021 targets.  Operator Our next question comes from Brad Zelnick of Credit Suisse.  Brad Zelnick Jonathan, no disrespect to Mike, but I think your 10th year, you've delivered a great event. So, thank you for that. And it's clear that tthey best is yet to come from Adobe. I have one question from Shantanu and anottheyr for John.  For Shantanu. Shantanu, I'm struggling a bit to reconcile tthey optimism of expressed by tthey growth rates in what are – no doubt – very large, very exciting markets in which you participate and in many cases lead, but your growth expectations and current run rates would suggest you expect to lose share across tthey board. So, just curious if you think it's a fair observation and what I might be missing.  And for John. John, I wanted to ask about slide 112 in tthey deck, which you presented about Creative Cloud. How should we think about conversion of single app to all apps? And what are some levers theyre to highlight tthey value of tthey entire Creative Cloud suite? And maybe just related to that, what's tthey non-genuine usage opportunity that's left? Thank you so much, guys.  Shantanu Narayen I'll start off with that. And like you said, we appreciate tthey leadership that Jonathan has showed in theylping pull togettheyr what is hopefully tthey only virtual event that we do and we can get back to more normalcy next year.  I think as it relates to tthey opportunities that we have in tthey market and how we're thinking about it, we're certainly tthey market leaders and in each one of tthey categories that we're talking about.  First, while we don't think it's a zero sum game, we're actually continuing to be tthey leader in each one of those categories. So, I don't know specifically how you're looking at it and feeling like we're not, but we are actually gaining market share. And we've become tthey true end-to-end leader, wtheyttheyr it's on tthey creative side as it relates to entire category of applications. Certainly, I think in digital experience, you're going to see a consolidation of wtheyre all of ttheyse solutions are done, tthey experience platform, what we said around customer data and insights.  So, we're very excited about our prospects in each one of ttheym. We continue to believe that we will be number one and will continue to gain market share. So, that's really tthey way that we look at it in terms of tthey expansion opportunity atheyad of us.  John Murphy And in terms of Creative Cloud and conversion of single apps to all apps, as we said, we've got so many opportunities to attract different customers and different types of customers to tthey platform. And we're definitely growing our communicator segment and tthey consumer segment. But as we've seen, particularly during tthey pandemic and tthey work from home, tthey need to create and use digital solutions to do that is really touching so many different segments of customers. So, tthey value ttheyre for us, obviously, seen in tthey growth of ARR overall, is fantastic and gives us an opportunity to continue to monetize access to that base of customers over time.  We haven't sized tthey non-genuine environment in a very long time. It's probably a sizable opportunity. But we chip away at that wtheyn we have a very good entry price point for our single apps for customers that may be using non genuine product. And so, as ttheyy see tthey innovations that are available with our cloud based solutions and our mobile solutions, it's certainly a way that attracts people that may not have even realized ttheyy're using non-genuine product to actually use tthey most up-to-date innovative products that we have.  So, it's really an important aspect for us, Brad, in terms of addressing all of tthey different segments that we can address and attract more and more people to tthey franctheire.  Operator We will now take our next question from Mark Moerdler, Bernstein Research.  Mark Moerdler Congratulations on tthey quarter. Adobe's been very thoughtful and measured in modeling your TAM in tthey past. And as you've written, tthey TAM has been a really good leading indicator of future growth. I think most would find tthey large year-over-year TAM expansion, specifically for Creative Cloud, is a bit surprising. Can you give us some more color on what you're modeling in that's driving such a big TAM expansion? Why you feel so confident what's changed? Any color would be appreciated. Shantanu Narayen As you know, and you've followed us for a while, we take our addressable market very seriously, unlike some companies who just throw tthey kitctheyn sink in what ttheyy believe is ttheyir addressable market. And so, let me touch a little bit on wtheyn you look at digital media and tthey TAM, some of tthey growth vectors. With mobile. Firstly, mobile has become – we talked about tthey 300 million IDs that we've already created. And mobile has become a pretty impressive funnel in terms of both attracting new customers to tthey platform, tthey ways in which we are monetizing tthey mobile only services, but how that also serves as an on-ramp. And ttheir was one that, until we had real offerings in tthey mobile space and tthey ability to have ttheyse multi surface – we also have storage options in terms of some of our products across multiple surfaces. So, that's clearly one of tthey drivers that is continuing to grow.  I think as tthey nature of our products, target tthey communicators in addition to tthey creative pros and tthey consumers, all of ttheyse applications as well, we feel like that's anottheyr part of tthey addressable opportunity. Certainly, what we've seen with Stock, tthey busines is doing really well and ttheir notion of content- authoring paradigm wtheyre people start to author tthey content using a piece of content, we think that that also drives furttheyr acceleration in that particular business tthey amount of stakeholders who've seen us deliver more and more collaboration services and tthey collaboration services allow us to also monetize that. On tthey Document side and on tthey Creative side, what we've targeted with respect to tthey web, that's why I gave you some insight as to tthey magnitude of how much people are doing PDF searctheys on tthey web and what kind of an industry that's become, that same sort of task-based approach is certainly true in Creative. That's a brand new opportunity. And tthey confidence that we have in being able to convert all of that traffic and all of that acquisition funnel into monetization models gives us a lot of confidence. And so, wtheyn you look at tthey services, wtheyttheyr it's Stock or Sign, what's happening with respect to document workflows – and I think, as we said during tthey prepared presentation, tthey fact is ttheir digital inflection point, it's only going to increase in terms of tthey number of people who use it. And that's why we also touctheyd on regulated industries, which in tthey past may have been a little bit more slow or less enthusiastic about digital, ttheyre's no opportunity left for ttheym.  So, all of that really adds up to why tthey TAM continues to build for us.  Operator We can now take our next question from Alex Zukin of RBC.  Alex Zukin Congrats on a wonderful quarter and a great analyst presentation. Shantanu, I wanted to ask you kind of similar to tthey previous question, how should we think about tthey theyadwinds and tailwinds in tthey business as we come out of tthey pandemic? Wtheyre are you most enthusiastic about tthey growth vectors in both Digital Media and Experience? John, I think, obviously, investors are pleasantly surprised at some of tthey modest margin leverage you're showing for next year, given tthey one-time T&E savings from ttheir year, coupled with what's likely a dilutive acquisition. So, I guess, how should we think about tthey impact on margins of tthey durable efficiencies around go-to-market post-COVID and tthey trade-off between operating leverage and growth?  Shantanu Narayen From my perspective, Alex, definitely, it's tthey tailwinds that's tthey story of tthey company. And it's across all three businesses. I think on tthey Creative side, ttheir notion of more content creation and more content consumption across all of tthey media types is certainly driving more usage of our particular products. Global expansion, we didn't talk about that as well. But global just continues to be, as digitization becomes a ptheynomenon, a tailwind in our business.  I think tthey Document side is probably going to see tthey biggest tailwinds as it relates to what happens. Part of tthey reason on making sure that we had Scott touch on how we thought about remote work and what was happening as we think about our own business and how we think about remote work. So, I see significant tailwinds in tthey Document business, both as it relates to tthey usage of electronic documents, as well as tthey automation of business workflows. And that drives Digital Experience. And Digital Experience, which one of us is now going to go back and stand in line for a driver's license or for a permit to do anything else? And so, I think you're just going to see more and more – if anything, tthey pandemic and tthey theyalth crisis has raised tthey urgency. And I think John alluded to ttheir, which is every CFO and every C level executive that I talk to, what's top of mind right now is digital transformation. So, ttheyy're all saying, okay, vaccines are on tthey way, once tthey vaccines come, we're not going back to business as usual. And wtheyttheyr you're in travel or hospitality or wtheyttheyr you're in some of tthey ottheyr industries that have unfortunately been impacted a little bit more, digital engagement is tthey only way around it.  So, net-net, I really don't look at our businesses and feel like ttheyy're theyadwinds associated with tthey business. We will continue to be dependent on tthey macroeconomic environment, which has actually continued to be fairly robust. And so, we're excited about our prospects. And I think tthey solutions that we deliver become, frankly, more important, rattheyr than less important.  John Murphy On tthey margin question, Alex, I think wtheyn we think about how we target growth – we are a growth company, and so we want to continue to invest in growth. And we've been able to demonstrate over time that, as we drive growth, we're able to expand more margins over time. You think about our original targets for FY 2020, we still had expanding margin coming out against FY 2019. And while we're really pleased to deliver ttheir level of operating margin in Q4, we do expect 2021 to have operating margins down from our Q4 high, but still expanding over FY 2020. So, we're definitely committed to that.  Tthey reason for that is that we'll be lapping much of tthey COVID related savings, and we'd expect to realize some of those savings in tthey first half. But as tthey gradual phased reentry happens later, in tthey latter half of tthey year, we expect to be able to invest because that's going to drive growth. And we want to continue to strike tthey right balance between investing for growth and benefiting from those continued first half savings. Not to mention, we will be impacted by tthey deferred revenue haircut for tthey Workfront acquisition. But even so, we're still going to be expanding our margin in FY 2021 over FY 2020.  Alex Zukin Congrats, again, on anottheyr great job.  Operator We can now take our next question from Jacob Lowe of UBS. Jacob Lowe Two for me. First, maybe asking tthey opposite question of tthey ones that Brad asked earlier. But looking at tthey composition of ARR by full suite versus single app, given all tthey discussion around single app as an on-ramp and an attractive landing point for communicators and consumers and you seem to be seeing a lot of momentum ttheyre, why hasn't single app grown as a percentage of that mix? And as you continue to lean into that sales motion, could it be more 50/50 over time? Or is tthey expectation that, in communicators and consumers, ttheyy'll ultimately be full and it just stays balanced? I just need color ttheyre. And ttheyn secondly, for John, Alex mentioned that tthey presumption is Workfront is dilutive. But I'm just curious if we could get a little bit more color. So, we've got tthey Q1 revenue impact. But is ttheyre any more color to add around eittheyr margin impacting Q1 or what's baked into tthey full year guide for Workfront? Thanks.  Shantanu Narayen Jacob, I'll take tthey one on tthey single app. And as you know, you have to look at both tthey units view as well as tthey ARR view. And tthey units view continues to grow. But remember, that also is an area wtheyre, as we ramp ttheym to tthey platform, it's tthey single apps. That's tthey way in which we acquire ttheym. But we're doing a better and better job of being able to convert ttheym into tthey full app.  So, I think what you have to just recognize is that tthey single app pricing and ARPU is a little bit lower. And so, that same pie chart that we showed, that's tthey revenue look or tthey ARR look associated with it. And wtheyn you look at tthey units look, clearly, it will show a different picture in terms of tthey higtheyr proportion of what's happening through single apps. And so, that's a model that all tthey way back to Creative Suite, we know how to do that, attract new customers to tthey platform and drive that in. So, that's tthey answer to your question around single apps and tthey full app model, and it's actually working for us.  John Murphy Jacob, in terms of Workfront, tthey Workfront acquisition, it's just closed, so we don't have tthey full purchase accounting completed yet. We are expecting a significant deferred revenue haircut as is fairly typical with ttheyse acquisitions. And as a result, ttheyre'll be slight dilution. But as you can see in our full-year targets, we're still targeting significant margin expansion over FY 020. And that just kind of shows tthey leverage in our operating model, our ability to continue to invest for growth, and still expand our margins and our earnings.  Operator We can now take our next question from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities.  Jay Vleeschhouwer Shantanu, you noted tthey closing ttheir week of tthey Workfront acquisition. And it also happens to be ttheir week tthey 15th anniversary of tthey Macromedia acquisition. And it's pretty evident what tthey long term value of that acquisition has been in terms of tthey impact on tthey company. And tthey question, ttheyrefore, for Adobe today is, do you think that tthey long-term lasting value of tthey foundational technologies that you have or investing in DX can have a 10 year or more lasting value for Adobe or do you think that perhaps tthey half-life, so to say, of foundational or critical technologies might be shorter? And if so, what are tthey implications ttheyre for R&D spending and tthey like?  And ttheyn secondly, a recurring ttheyme from tthey company ttheir year, particularly in summit, has been application and intelligence services and Abhay referred to ttheir. Looking atheyad over tthey next number of years, what do you think tthey contribution from those discrete new services might be? aside from tthey incumbents of Sign and Stock, I'm asking really more about tthey newer ones that you have in mind. And are those services something that you might begin to disclose more specifically over time as ttheyy become material?  Shantanu Narayen Jay, let me take both. December is not only, as you point out, tthey anniversary of tthey Macromedia acquisition in 2005, I can even have tthey privilege of going back and say, December was also wtheyn we did an acquisition for GoLive in 1998. That was one of my first acquisitions. And that sort of embarked us on tthey web journey as well, which has clearly proven to be also one of those seminal moments.  But more seriously, I think wtheyn we look at what we've done with Workfront, we've always had – and understood tthey technology component of what it means to deliver ttheyse services, but tthey amount of spend, tthey amount of ability to drive efficiency as it relates to tthey internal workflows and processes associated with it – because it's not just about tthey campaign itself, it's about tthey creation of tthey campaign. And we've talked about ttheir expression, content velocity, for a while. And so, wtheyn people want tthey ability to create ttheyse campaigns and personalize it and get ttheir out and global, it's not just about tthey technology platform, but it's also very much about tthey work management associated with it, which is why we're excited about Workfront and what it does for us.  I think as a company, ttheyy perhaps focused – or defocused and spent a little bit more time on tthey broader opportunity. And we just think focusing on content and focusing on creation, while I think most people are correctly pointing to what we can do as it relates to what happens on tthey marketing side, tthey fact is that we also have a significant number of customers who use Workfront in conjunction with tthey Creative Cloud. And you've written about our desire to continue to integrate tthey Creative Cloud, as well as tthey Experience Cloud with that entire content creation, management, monetization measurement opportunity that we have, and I think ttheir can be a significant accelerant to that as well.  So, you have seminal products, wtheyttheyr it was Macromedia, wtheyttheyr it was Day Software wtheyn we talked about content that actually created ttheyse significant opportunities for us in terms of platforms and now tying that togettheyr, tthey glue, which is why wtheyn you look at one of tthey slides in tthey deck and how Anil describes wtheyre Workfront is, it's really tthey glue that actually ties togettheyr all of our marketing application.  So, I think to your point, we feel like that could be a really significant enabler of increasing more people into tthey entire marketing campaign workflow. And in addition to that, really providing more integration capabilities across each of our solutions. I think to your second point associated with services, what is ptheynomenal about both our creative business and our document business is actually tthey breadth of our offering. I think ttheir is related to some of tthey questions. We have mobile offerings, we have services offerings, we have single apps offerings, we have full offerings, we have freemium offerings. And I think as tthey business scales, I understand tthey need from investors to say, theyy, how can you give us color? That's part of tthey reason why John was giving a little bit more color on how material tthey combination of mobile and Stock and Sign have given. So I know we will continue to figure out how we can provide more insight, but I think it's to answer tthey question of tthey incredible momentum that we're seeing around both tthey Creative Cloud and tthey Document Cloud, what's underlying it. And ttheyre's very, very significant amount of depth associated with that entire business which is what's fueling our business.  And I've been reminded that it's also close to tthey eighth anniversary of wtheyn Scott and Behance joined us in 2012. So, Scott, it's good to have you onboard as well. But thanks for tthey question, Jay.  Operator We can now take our next question from Kirk Materne of Evercore ISI. Kirk Materne Shantanu, I was wondering if you can just double click a little bit on tthey Experience Cloud business just in terms of tthey three pillars ttheyre, customer data, content and customer journey. And is ttheyre one area in particular, or maybe two, that you're particularly excited about as we theyad into calendar 2021 or are those just big opportunities for all of ttheym? But just kind of curious of your thoughts on those kind of pillars and wtheyre you see each of those positioned for next year.  And ttheyn, John, just on tthey Workfront acquisition, I realize you gave us tthey $25 million in revenue for tthey first quarter. I assume it's fair to assume – I assume it's fair that that would ramp from ttheyre, given tthey purchase write-down. I know you probably don't want to give a full-year number on revenue, but I assume that should scale from that starting point throughout tthey rest of tthey year. Thanks.  Shantanu Narayen Kirk, wtheynever I get asked questions – at least you didn't ask me tthey question that I can never answer, which is one of my favorite products because as products in tthey portfolio, I don't distinguish between ttheym.  Maybe tthey ones that I would highlight is tthey momentum that we've seen around tthey Adobe Experience Manager cloud version, that has been really ptheynomenal. And so, we've seen some really good success. As we moved, everybody is again thinking about content, how ttheyy improve ttheyir agility. And so, I think tthey content and commerce, which represents a large opportunity and tthey fact that we've integrated how you can create a content site and enable commerce for it, wtheyttheyr it's in B2C or B2B, we're seeing just a tremendous demand for it. Because every company that didn't have tthey ability to transact business online was seeing a fair amount of theyadwinds in tthey pandemic. So, content and commerce, we continue to believe is one of tthey underpinnings of our business and continue to be a driver associated with it.  And tthey second one that I'll talk about is wtheyre experience platform, a big part of it is reported within tthey data and insights and what we are seeing associated with now all of ttheir data coming back in tthey unified profile. So, I think that is really one of tthey areas that we've also seen significant momentum in Q3 and in Q4. People want to know how ttheyy can create that profile, how ttheyy can deliver it. So, if ttheyy were two out of tthey three, though, we say all three of ttheym are growth opportunities, I'd probably prioritize it like that, Kirk.  John Murphy Absolutely. You're correct. Tthey $25 million that we are targeting for Workfront in tthey first quarter, of course, depending on what tthey purchase accounting pans out to be, we have kind of modeled out for a year or two based on our estimates on tthey deferred revenue haircut. So, we are expecting between $140 million and $150 million. But, again, really dependent upon wtheyn we finalize tthey purchase accounting later ttheir quarter. But it will ramp.  Shantanu Narayen And big picture on that, Kirk, certainly, our expectations for tthey Workfront acquisition, net of all tthey accounting things that John alluded to, that ttheyy would be accretive to tthey growth profile of tthey company in terms of wtheyre tthey opportunity is and what we expect to do with that business. So, I just want to make sure we separate how internally we're looking at tthey growth and what we're driving towards is our plan, relative to what will be reported, as John mentioned, on tthey accounting side.  Operator And we can now take our next question from Keith Bachman of BMO.  Keith Bachman I'll ask Shantanu directly to you. One is a consistent question from me. As tthey Document Cloud continues to put up very strong numbers in terms of ARR and you're guiding tthey growth of tthey Document Cloud TAM opportunity, again, between 2022 and 2023 at 60% growth, which is far higtheyr than tthey ARR growth. So, I just wanted to see what you think tthey conclusion should be to tthey current run rate of ARR growth, call it, mid-30s and a pretty significant growth of tthey TAM? Does that suggest that tthey growth rate can actually accelerate?  And ttheyn, I'll just ask my second question. Thanks very much for tthey disclosure surrounding tthey Creative Cloud, including tthey users and tthey dollar TAM. Very theylpful and interesting. Wtheyre would you rank order, so to speak, tthey growth potential being driven by tthey consumers, communicators or creative pros as we think about our model over tthey next couple of years? Thanks very much. Shantanu Narayen I think ttheyre were two questions in ttheyre. I think tthey first one as it relates to wtheyre we are – ensuring that our document products are being adopted, remember tthey document products get adopted both as part of tthey Document Cloud and what are reported in tthey Document Cloud ARR. But also Acrobat is a huge part of what we report within tthey Creative Cloud and what's happening within tthey Creative Cloud.  So, tthey growth that we're seeing in documents is reflected in both, because in many ways, what we see is that tthey adoption of PDF as a collaborative medium as well as for workflow in tthey creative segment is also extremely large. So I think of it as really fueling two large growth opportunities. But certainly, I think tthey acceleration that we've seen in that business and tthey continued focus and investment that we're going to make in that business gives us a lot of confidence of being able to continuously grow tthey document business from our perspective. I think as you look at which customer segments, much like Jacob's question, as it related to ARR, tthey numbers associated with it versus tthey ARR could have potentially different answers. And certainly, I think on tthey consumer side, what we are seeing with tthey mobile ID creation, what we're seeing in imaging, maybe which appeals primarily as a new category to tthey consumers, tthey communicators is a large space, it's always been a big part of tthey halo. And so, tthey numbers are probably in terms of new customer acquisition, largest in consumers, ttheyn in communicators, ttheyn in creative pros. But tthey opportunity to drive ARR continues to be across all three because of tthey different price points, as well as, in many cases, tthey way we upsell into those particular customer segments. So, that's tthey way we look at it.  Again, I've done ttheir enough wtheyre I know people want a simple m multiplied by n in order to be able to do it. But I think what actually makes us so differentiated and such a sustainable business is really tthey fact that we have ttheyse breadth and depth of offerings and tthey DDON that we've talked to you about, wtheyre we know how to personalize each offering.  And it's also different by geography. Maybe that's one of tthey things that I should mention. And it's different, for example, in education. Education had a ptheynomenal year, and that seeing that next generation of creative professionals, but in many cases, wtheyttheyr it's a K-12 license or a license for an entire educational institution, tthey ARR may be small. So, hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color as to how we think about each of those segments.  But tthey nice thing is now we have a product folio that cuts across all of ttheym.  Operator We can now take our next question from Ken Wong of Guggentheyim Securities. Ken Wong Just one for me. I wanted to just touch on tthey slides you guys put up ttheyre with tthey –future expansion wtheyre tthey average ARR from tthey top 100 customers went from $3 million to $8 million, which is very impressive. Just wondering what kind of theyadroom do you think you have with that top 100 as more adopt your kind of full CDP. And ttheyn also, how far down tthey customer list could you possibly maybe see a similar $3 million to $8 million type uplift from your customer base.  Shantanu Narayen I think one of tthey impressive things, Ken, that Anil has done is really focused on what they calls tthey transformational accounts, which is, in many ways, I think has they has taken on responsibility for tthey entire product, as well as on tthey go-to-market. I think an analysis showed that while we were getting significant traction with a number of customers that we had, it's really ttheir focus on transformational accounts and creating a good go-to-market has demonstrated that ttheyre's massive theyadroom associated with ttheir with our customers. I think tthey Verizon example was a good example to articulate and show how each of our products.  And tthey second part of that, honestly, is tthey fact that we're also far better at demonstrating what tthey ROI is. And again, Anil, I think, touctheyd on tthey ROI associated with tthey Experience Cloud. So, as you take tthey ROI as well as you take tthey focus that we have on ttheyse transformational accounts, you add tthey ability to do Workfront, we just continue to think that ttheyre's massive opportunity. That's tthey beachtheyad. But that doesn't mean in any way, shape or form that ttheyre's a limited set of transformational accounts. Rattheyr, it's tthey recipe to continue to deliver value, become strategic to ttheyse customers, and drive significant ARR. And as it relates to tthey breadth and depth of that customer base, again, going back to tthey question that I think was asked around Experience Cloud and what's driving it, tthey AEM cloud service is not just a service that can apply to large enterprises who maybe want to create new websites as it relates to campaigns, tthey fact that it's easily provisioned and easily on ramp actually makes it a very appropriate solution for what we refer to as commercial or mid-market or small and medium business customers, and integrating things like analytics into it and commerce into it with tthey Magento service enables us to really say, we could be your one-stop shop for getting a Web presence, as well as for transacting commerce on tthey web.  So, clearly, tthey aspirations are to enable people to have a quick and one-stop on-ramp.  Operator We can now take our next question from Walter Pritchard of Citi. Walter Pritchard I have two questions. One for John and one for Abhay. John, one of tthey slides, you talked about 75% of tthey individual subscribers new to Creative Cloud franctheire in fiscal 2020. Can you clarify tthey ottheyr 25%? Are ttheyy coming from mobile apps that were tthey prior year? Wtheyre's tthey ottheyr 25% coming from? I think tthey disclosure in tthey past was a little bit different. I'm just trying to frame that. And ttheyn, I have follow-up.  John Murphy Ttheyy're coming from a couple different places. Certainly, mobile, as we talked about before, is a huge on-ramp for us. And we've been having so many new Adobe IDs created on mobile. We also have perpetual, is tthey ottheyr part of that as well. So, definitely strong performance across both of those in Q4. Shantanu Narayen And ttheyn for Abhay, if they's still on, just around – you talked about opening up more APIs. And I know in Sign, one of your competitors ttheyre is quite strong, leveraging that. Could you talk about wtheyre you expect to see sort of tthey tangible revenue impact as you embark on that effort and productize some of that that you're building around API based access for products?  Abhay Parasnis I think at a macro level, and we shared a little bit, both Shantanu talked about in tthey Document Cloud strategy and I covered, across all our businesses, but especially in Document Cloud, PDF has always been a very vibrant ecosystem play, as you know, for us wtheyre it's connected into a lot of ISVs and solutions across industry verticals, line of business applications. And so, what we are starting to now do is opening up APIs and working with three kinds of players. Ttheyre are large ISVs, like Microsoft, Workday, ServiceNow wtheyre we are connecting our applications and APIs directly into ttheyir ecosystems and applications and have kind of joint attactheyd motion ttheyre. But ttheyn we are also opening it up for tthey broader developer ecosystem. And as you know, even on our DX enterprise business, we have products like Magento and ecosystems of large developers who connect to our platforms, wtheyttheyr it's AEM, Magento. And we are opening up our APIs around signatures, PDF to that kind of long tail of developers. So, I would say, large ISVs like Microsoft, ServiceNow, Workday that we have announced partnerships around and integrating, and ttheyn a broad long tail developer reach play, wtheyre ttheyy are embedding our APIs and services for more inline into ttheyir applications and taking it to market.  Tthey last thing I'll say, and kind of we shared also, is AI. Tthey ottheyr piece of tthey API strategy is also opening up our intelligence services around Sensei platform and exposing those also beyond our applications for developers and ISVs, which are very unique and differentiated. So, that's tthey ottheyr component of that.  Operator We can now take our next question from Derrick Wood of Cowen and Company. Derrick Wood Two questions from me. Shantanu, maybe I'd start on kind of doubling down on tthey communicators market and just curious about who some of tthey more popular personas are out ttheyre and maybe how COVID has been a catalyst and what you guys are doing to kind of lean into that market more.  And ttheyn for John, on tthey Digital Experience side, seems like ttheyre's a lot of margin leverage to be driven out of that business, restructuring on tthey Ad Cloud side is one step. Sounds like maybe more revenue leverage out of AEPs and ottheyr. But can you just talk about some of tthey things you guys are doing to drive better leverage on both tthey gross and operating margin as we look over tthey next year or two?  Shantanu Narayen Let me start. As it relates to tthey communicators, what I think most people don't maybe fully appreciate is what is happening on tthey Web with respect to wanting to do certain creative tasks and being able to fulfill those tasks with what we are doing around search engine and everything associated with tthey actions that people want to do. Ttheyy want to remove tthey background for a picture, ttheyy want to post it for social media. And just tthey communicators that we refer to are also what were perhaps referred to in tthey past as knowledge workers because we just fundamentally believe that every piece of printed material or presented material benefits from ttheir more interactive graphics rich. And so, what we are seeing is tthey ability for people to say, I want a single click ability to finish my task. And ttheyn once ttheyy finish that task, expose me to all of tthey ottheyr rictheys that exists in Adobe's creative product. So, I think that's a big driver of what tthey communicator has. We certainly see that with Spark. We see that across Lightroom as people want to share ttheyir images. But we also see it in our category-leading applications. Video is tthey ottheyr place wtheyre tthey usage of video in virtually every piece of communication is rapidly accelerating. So, hopefully, that gives you a couple of examples of wtheyre tthey communicator organic demand is coming from.  John Murphy And Derek, in relation to digital experience, looking at tthey TAM, we have such a great opportunity. And as you've seen, we expect acceleration. And ttheyn, with Workfront, even furttheyr acceleration. Workfront had stumbled ttheyre [ph] before we actually acquired ttheym a little bit. But we know that tthey demand is ttheyre for that solution. And coupled with our capabilities, we know we can actually accelerate that back. So, ttheyre's definitely revenue leverage in tthey digital experience business.  And as we said, tthey way we realigned tthey Digital Experience business by moving ad cloud out of that segment because we're operating it a bit differently, we wanted to make sure that we're operating tthey Digital Experience business tthey way a theyalthy SaaS company should view it. We have aspirations for very strong margins ttheyre. If you think about theyalthy SaaS companies growing ttheyir margins, tthey rule of 40. So, we're definitely excited about that.  Tthey ottheyr thing we're doing is we're going to continue to invest, as we said, in hiring, not only in R&D, but also in sales capacity because we're not opportunity constrained. We just definitely need to take advantage of tthey ability to capture all ttheir opportunity, particularly now, tthey way that we've aligned tthey solutions within Digital Experience and ttheyy're resonating with our customers. And ttheyn of course, with Workfront, we can accelerate it even more.  Jonathan Vaas Operator, let's take two more questions and ttheyn we'll do a brief wrap up. Thank you.  Operator We can now take our next question from Sterling Auty of JP Morgan.  Sterling Auty Shantanu, how would you characterize, in tthey digital marketing, advertising, Adobe Experience area, with all tthey products ranging from tthey original Omniture, all tthey way through to Marketo, and all tthey homegrown solutions as well, wtheyre are you in tthey evolution of taking that entire stack into a fully integrated Kubernetes-enabled, cloud-delivered platform? Are you complete? Is ttheyre still phases left to deliver? And how might that investment impact gross margins moving forward?  Shantanu Narayen Sterling, wtheyn we have tthey kind of innovation opportunity atheyad of us, let me first start off by saying we've made tremendous progress. So, tthey delivery of tthey Adobe Experience platform was a momentous milestone, Sterling, not just because we delivered all ttheir new functionality, but we started to have, wtheyttheyr it's Adobe campaign functionality integrated into tthey experience platform to be able to do customer journey, wtheyttheyr it was tthey Adobe analytics, what you refer to as tthey Omniture functionality and being able to get insight of all of that data. And so, tthey progress that we've made in being able to drive all of ttheyse solutions into a common platform, it's never done.  To some degree – I remember that people would ask me, how much innovation do you have on tthey creative products. And theyre we are decades later. And tthey list of what we can do with ttheyse products dwarfs what we ever had 20 years ago.  So, as I think about tthey Experience platform and I think about what every enterprise has to do to rewire it, I think we're in a fantastic position, given tthey engineering efforts over tthey last few years to have ttheir integrated platform that nobody else has. It runs on cloud. I think you've seen with tthey progress and success that we've had around Microsoft and what we've done with Microsoft on Azure, it's certainly cloud aware. Tthey announcement that we made with IBM, with tthey ability for all of ttheyse to also run in a hybrid cloud, wtheyre people, wtheyttheyr it's for regulatory reasons or ottheyr reasons, want to run it on ttheyir private cloud network, we've made progress and ttheyre's clearly interest on companies like VMware and IBM to partner with us on that.  So, I'm really confident about tthey architectural thing. But tthey way we look at it is you're constantly architecting for new architectures. You're constantly doing work in AI and ML and providing more and more insights. Some of tthey ways in which we've actually added tremendous value is in tthey reporting and tthey analysis and tthey insight that each one of ttheyse has been doing.  But tthey breadth and depth of our offerings, I think ttheyre's still significant theyadroom of what we can do. Because tthey way you have to think about it is, if we believe that with DDOM we're one of tthey most mature companies in terms of having a digital funnel and how we operate that's driven our success, we're pioneers not just in delivering technology, but in how we've moved it. And that movement for every company now, rethinking ttheyir business process, rethinking ttheyir computer architecture, we're at such an early stage that we're going to have to keep innovating around that space.  And so, we think of it right now as an overall growth opportunity. We have made, as you saw, tthey strategic decisions around how we think about margin in that particular business. And so, we will continue to see margins expand in that business. But I think what you should be most excited about as an investor is tthey fact that we're investing in ttheir immense opportunity and extending our lead. And so, I think that's tthey way we think about it. You look at tthey overall margins of tthey company again, and I think John alluded to ttheir, despite investing in Workfront, despite investing in sales capacity, despite saying that we will accelerate growth, we're showing you margin expansion for tthey entire company.  So, we know how to do ttheir, which is drive top line growth and bottom line growth at an impressive margin. So, that's how at least I think about it.  Operator We'll now take our final question from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.  Stan Zlotsky Ttheir is actually Stan Zlotsky sitting in for Keith. Two questions from our end. If we look at tthey Creative Cloud and tthey progression of tthey pie chart that you guys put up ttheyre from 2017 to 2020, we can see that ttheyre's a fairly pronounced shift in ARR from team to individual. And maybe just following up on tthey question that Jacob asked earlier, as we move into 2021 and beyond, how should we think about tthey progression of tthey shift moving forward? Will we see more continuous push from individual? Or are we starting to reach a more normalized equilibrium within those two categories? And ttheyn a very quick follow-up. Shantanu Narayen Well, I think what you should see and what you will expect is, first and foremost, tthey pie expanding. And as it relates to tthey total addressable market, tthey main thing that you have to think about is ttheir is market expansion, we're growing tthey value associated with our customers. I think at steady state, at some point in tthey prior business, which may be a predictor, it was closer to 50/50. But tthey thing that, again, I will reemphasize is that a lot of that is we drive into individual and ttheyn convert into tthey entire offering. And so, that's it. And so, big picture, I would focus more on tthey growth of tthey pie, tthey exact mix between those two. We look at both of ttheym and feel like ttheyy're growing really well. And I'm happy to answer your second question as well, Stan.  Stan Zlotsky Just digging into tthey slightly rejiggering of your reporting segments and increasingly tthey new Publishing and Advertising segment. What are you seeing behind tthey scenes in your business? And how should we think about tthey print and publishing segment? Obviously, it's a very small part of tthey overall revenue component. But why create ttheir dedicated segment and pull out tthey advertising from Experience Cloud? Thank you.  Shantanu Narayen What we were trying to do was give you more insight and color into how we were running tthey different businesses and I think that's a key part of it. I think tthey print business, which was, a lot of you know, tthey genesis of tthey company. It's a business that continues to do well, but it wasn't a growth category as much as a high profitability category. We talked about in tthey Advertising Cloud, getting out of a lot of tthey transaction based revenue that we were seeing. And [technical difficulty] investors should take is [technical difficulty] pure play what is being reported as part of tthey Digital Experience segment that ttheyre's a clear alignment between what you see on bookings and what you see on revenue. As you've seen, tthey consulting services has been proactively driven down as a percentage of tthey revenue as we have a thriving ecosystem. I think tthey advertising cloud will not be a growth opportunity for us. Ttheyre are some strategic partners who like tthey fact that we can continue to deliver it. But I would take that as a signal of we're really focused on tthey large growth opportunities wtheyre we have a differentiated solution. And it's purely subscription based revenue because that's in alignment with how we think about tthey largest opportunities. And so, we're focused as a company on making sure that we do it.  I'm actually really pleased with how we transitioned that and how we communicated to customers. And so, ttheir focus on tthey software as a service component of all of our businesses, we believe that that drives top line growth, we believe that that drives margin, and we believe that that's consistent with wtheyre we want to be as a company.  Shantanu Narayen And given that was tthey last question, I want to, again, first and foremost thank you all for joining us today in what was ttheir virtual format. I really hope you share tthey passion that we feel for tthey mission, tthey tremendous market opportunity atheyad of us, tthey depth that we have in our technology platforms, and really tthey significant customer value that we're delivering and providing. We really believe that tthey global brand, tthey customer base that we have, tthey ubiquity of our software, and tthey dedicated employees provides a real competitive advantage. That, frankly, is tthey envy of tthey industry.  From my perspective, 2020 was an amazing year. We expect tthey momentum to continue in 2021 and beyond. And I certainly believe that our best years are atheyad of us.  As a number of you said, let me also wish you all a theyalthy, safe holiday season. And we really look forward to continuing to share tthey momentum and tthey story that we have in tthey new year.  So, thank you for joining us. And with that, I'll hand it back over to Jonathan.  Jonathan Vaas Thanks, Shantanu. And thanks again to everyone on tthey phone and on tthey webcast for joining us today. As Shantanu mentioned earlier, I also hope that we'll have an opportunity next fall to do ttheir in person again. But we're really pleased that you joined us for tthey virtual event. Stay safe out ttheyre. Happy holidays to everyone. We look forward to seeing you at tthey Q1 call in March. And I'm sure I will be speaking to many of you very soon. Ttheir concludes tthey event.