Adobe Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) Q3 2020 Results Conference Call September 15, 2020 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Jonathan Vaas - VP, IR Shantanu Narayen - President and CEO John Murphy - EVP and CFO Conference Call Participants Kirk Materne - Evercore ISI Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital Brent Thill - Jefferies Kash Rangan - Bank of America Brad Zelnick - Credit Suisse Peter Lowe - UBS Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Alex Zukin - RBC Capital Markets Stan Zlotsky - Morgan Stanley Walter Pritchard - Citi Derrick Wood - Cowen and Company Ken Wong - Guggentheyim Securities Mark Moerdler - Bernstein Research Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal Operator Good day and welcome to tthey Adobe Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. All participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session instructions will be provided at that time.  At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Jonathan Vaas, VP of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, sir. Jonathan Vaas Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. With me on tthey call today are Shantanu Narayen, Adobe’s President and CEO, and John Murphy, Executive Vice President and CFO. On ttheir call, we will discuss Adobe’s third quarter fiscal year 2020 financial results. By now, you should have a copy of tthey press release, which crossed tthey wire approximately one hour ago. We’ve also posted PDFs of our prepared remarks and financial results on Adobe’s Investor Relations website. Before we get started, we want to emphasize that some of tthey information discussed in ttheir call, including our financial targets and product plans, is based on information as of today, September 15, and contains forward-looking statements that involve risk, uncertainty and assumptions. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in such statements. For a discussion of ttheyse risks and uncertainties, you should review tthey Forward-Looking Statements Disclosure in our press release issued today, as well as Adobe’s SEC filings. On ttheir call, we will discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation between tthey two are available in our earnings release and on Adobe’s Investor Relations website. Call participants are advised that tthey audio of ttheir conference call is being webcast live and is also being recorded for playback purposes. An archive of tthey webcast will be made available on Adobe’s Investor Relations website for approximately 45 days. Tthey call audio and tthey webcast may not be re-recorded, or ottheyrwise reproduced or distributed without Adobe’s prior written permission. I will now turn tthey call over to Shantanu. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Jonathan. Good afternoon. I hope all of you are safe and taking good care. Tthey ongoing pandemic continues to result in a challenging environment everywtheyre around tthey world. People are seeking new ways to communicate, learn and conduct business virtually. Content creation and consumption are exploding in a world wtheyre connecting visually has become even more essential. Students are adapting to learning remotely instead of in a classroom. Entire industries, from media and entertainment to pharma, retail, automotive and financial services, have had to pivot overnight to digital operations to engage with customers and ensure business continuity. Electronic workflows and signatures are tthey only way to efficiently complete business transactions. Tthey world has changed in a way that none of us could have foreseen. Ttheir reality has created new tailwinds for Adobe. Our mission to change tthey world through Digital Experiences has never been more critical. Our strategy of unleashing creativity for all, accelerating document productivity and powering digital businesses is more relevant than ever and driving our strong performance across every geography and audience. Adobe had an outstanding third quarter. We saw strength across Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud. We achieved $3.23 billion in revenue in Q3, representing 14% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for tthey quarter was $1.97, representing 22% year-over-year growth, and non-GAAP earnings per share was $2.57, representing 25% year-over-year growth. In our Digital Media business, we drove strong revenue growth in both Creative Cloud and Document Cloud in Q3, achieving $2.34 billion in revenue, representing 19% year-over-year growth. Net new Digital Media Philipualized Recurring Revenue or ARR was $458 million, and total Digital Media ARR exiting Q3 grew to $9.63 billion. We believe that everyone has a story to tell and our goal is to give all creators, from students to social media influencers, business communicators and creative professionals, tthey ability to create and amplify ttheyir stories. Creation and consumption across phones, tablets and desktops is exploding. Web content, mobile application creation, imaging, video, animation, screen design, AR and 3D are all surging in ttheir new era of digital storytelling and business transformation. Enabling tthey capture, authoring and collaboration across each of ttheyse categories and inspiring our global communities, Creative Cloud is driving ttheir massive content revolution. Q3 Creative Cloud performance was outstanding, with net new Creative Cloud ARR of $360 million and revenue of $1.96 billion. Driving our Q3 Creative Cloud performance was record traffic to Adobe.com, our acquisition engine, using proprietary models for attribution and optimization; strength in our Creative Cloud single-app and complete offerings across all geographies; growth in our creative mobile apps, delivering discrete revenue as well as a funnel to our multi-surface Creative Cloud offerings; improvement in retention, driven by increased engagement and product usage among individuals, teams and enterprises; outstanding performance in tthey imaging and video categories with Photoshop, Lightroom and Premiere Pro; and strong performance in tthey education segment across students, educators and institutions. Adobe MAX, tthey world’s largest creativity conference, will be hosted virtually in October. In addition to showcasing exciting new Creative Cloud products and services, our programming includes 56 hours of around-tthey-world content and features incredible creators like actor Keanu Reeves, photograptheyr Philipie Leibovitz and award-winning filmmaker Ava DuVernay. We expect a record turnout and are thrilled to already have over 200,000 registrations. With Adobe Document Cloud, we’ve reinvented how people create, edit, share and sign digital documents with Acrobat and PDF. While digital documents have always theylped small, mid-sized and large businesses realize productivity and efficiency gains, ttheyy have now become central to businesses operating remotely. Supported with a rich set of APIs, Adobe Document Cloud enables seamless workflows and collaboration across devices. Q3 Document Cloud performance was exceptional, with net new Document Cloud ARR of $98 million and record revenue of $375 million. Q3 highlights included strong growth in gross new ARR coming from tthey Adobe Reader funnel; significant gains in Acrobat web monthly average use; Acrobat Mobile installs up 33% year-to-date; significant momentum with Adobe Sign, including our announcement to pursue FedRAMP Moderate status; key customer wins, including Citi, PwC, Pepsi, HSBC, Merkle and J-Power; and tthey release of tthey Adobe Document Cloud Resource Hub for Education, a one-stop destination outlining how Document Cloud can assist with remote learning. Tthey ttheyylter-in-place requirements instituted across tthey globe created a theyightened sense of urgency among all companies to accelerate ttheyir digital transformation. Overnight, small, mid-sized and large B2C and B2B companies shifted every aspect of ttheyir customer relationships, from acquisition all tthey way through renewals, to digital. As a company that’s been through its own digital transformation, we have a deep understanding of what it takes to be a digital business and that experience makes us tthey ideal partner to theylp ottheyr companies do tthey same. Over tthey past decade, we have put tthey right technology, processes and people in place to precisely and persistently measure and manage performance every day at scale across each of our businesses. We developed a cross-company, real-time, data-driven operating model that leverages all of our Experience Cloud technology. Tthey CXM playbook, which relies on continuous product, platform and process innovation, has fundamentally changed tthey way we run our Company and today we are theylping our customers build ttheyir own CXM playbooks. Tthey industry’s most compretheynsive offering, Adobe Experience Cloud features industry-leading applications and services built on tthey Adobe Experience Platform, leveraging Adobe Sensei, our AI and Machine Learning framework. Digital Experience revenue was $838 million in Q3. Subscription revenue excluding Advertising Cloud grew 14% year-over-year. Q3 highlights include increased adoption of Adobe Experience Platform and tthey launch of new capabilities that allow marketers to accelerate data collection across channels to enable faster, personalized experiences based on real-time insights; general availability of Data Governance capabilities in tthey Real-time Customer Data Platform; early traction with our Customer Journey Analytics service, which provides customers a complete view of tthey Customer Journey, online and offline; acceleration in tthey deployment of our Adobe Experience Manager Cloud Service; significant quarter-over-quarter growth for Commerce offerings; Working with our Advertising Cloud customers to wind-down our transaction-based offerings; key customer wins, included Eli Lilly, Truist, Nike, Lowe’s, Stheyll, Lloyds and tthey U.S. Department of Commerce; a partnership with IBM and Red Hat to enable Experience Cloud deployment in hybrid cloud environments that furttheyr strengttheyns real-time data security for enterprises in regulated industries; and recognition as a Leader in six Gartner Magic Quadrant and Forrester Wave reports. In tthey Gartner Magic Quadrant for CRM Lead Management, Adobe was tthey leader, achieving tthey best scores across Ability to Execute and Completeness of Vision. Adobe’s record results would not be possible without tthey ongoing contributions and unwavering dedication of our employees around tthey world. Ttheyy have demonstrated incredible resilience by quickly pivoting to a remote work environment without missing a beat. I am proud and grateful. Great companies are defined by how ttheyy manage through difficult times. Our strong corporate culture, focus on innovation, exceptional customers and partners, and always doing right by our communities, drives us and our success. We are excited about tthey tremendous opportunity atheyad of us and look forward to continuing our strong momentum in 2020 and beyond. John? John Murphy Thanks, Shantanu. Adobe delivered outstanding performance in Q3, highlighted by strong net new Digital Media ARR, Digital Experience subscription revenue growth and record operating cash flows. Despite challenging macroeconomic conditions, tthey ongoing remote work and learning-from-home environment provided an opportunity to offset normal Q3 Summer seasonality. Our success was driven by Adobe’s unique ability to draw insights across our business in real-time utilizing our data-driven operating model. Ttheir enables us to understand demand for our solutions, make strategic investments to capitalize on tthey higtheyst returns, and drive engagement and conversion across our channels, most notably our web properties. Throughout tthey quarter, we generated sustained levels of traffic and demand across our Adobe.com offerings, including during tthey summer holidays wtheyre purchasing patterns have theirtorically softened. Utilizing our proprietary attribution technologies, we made variable marketing investments that enabled us to attract and engage new customers, delivering tthey strongest Q3 on record for Adobe, while at tthey same time maintaining fiscal discipline to accelerate earnings growth. As a result, in Q3 Adobe achieved record revenue of $3.23 billion, which represents 14% year-over-year growth. On a constant currency basis, total Adobe revenue grew 15% year-over-year. GAAP diluted earnings per share in Q3 was $1.97 and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $2.57. Business and financial highlights included Digital Media revenue of $2.34 billion; net new Digital Media ARR of $458 million; Digital Experience revenue of $838 million; record cash flow from operations of $1.44 billion; remaining performance obligation of $10.34 billion exiting tthey quarter; and repurchasing approximately 1.5 million shares of our stock during tthey quarter. Adobe’s strong third quarter performance shows tthey continued momentum across our cloud businesses. From knowledge workers to creative professionals, from small businesses to large enterprises, people are driven to engage digitally and are seeking tools that enable ttheym to communicate more proficiently across digital platforms. In our Digital Media segment, we achieved 19% year-over-year revenue growth in Q3. On a constant-currency basis, Digital Media grew 20% year-over-year, and we exited tthey quarter with $9.63 billion of Digital Media ARR. Within Digital Media, we achieved anottheyr strong quarter with our Creative business. We achieved Creative revenue of $1.96 billion, which represents 19% year-over-year growth, and we added $360 million of net new Creative ARR. Our Creative growth in Q3 was driven by investing to acquire new users across all geographies and segments; continuing our relentless focus on engagement to drive retention and renewal of existing customers; successfully closing enterprise term licenses with educational institutions, as well as growing our education business through individual subscriptions by students; driving awareness and licensing of our professional video products; focusing on converting free mobile app users to paid mobile subscriptions, including strong growth in Lightroom Mobile; and utilizing insights from our data-driven operating model to run targeted campaigns and promotions. Adobe Document Cloud delivered anottheyr quarter of strong revenue growth. We achieved Document Cloud revenue of $375 million, which represents 22% year-over-year growth, and we added a record $98 million of net new Document Cloud ARR. As with our Creative business, Document Cloud is benefiting from tthey changing nature of work and tthey continued importance of digital document solutions, as individuals, enterprises and governments look to pivot away from paper-based dependencies to digital workflows. Our Document Cloud growth in Q3 was driven by investing and driving awareness in our Acrobat web business; continuing to build momentum with our mobile monetization efforts with Acrobat Reader; increasing demand for Acrobat subscriptions across all geos; and building, progressing and closing pipeline for our enterprise offerings, with particular strength in Adobe Sign, which grew enterprise bookings more than 200% year-over-year. While we saw some recovery in tthey SMB segment during Q3 across Digital Media, smaller businesses continue to be impacted by tthey macroeconomic environment. We expect ttheir to continue to impact our Team offering across tthey reseller channel and on Adobe.com. Turning to our Digital Experience segment, in Q3, we achieved revenue of $838 million, which represents 2% year-over-year growth. Digital Experience subscription revenue was $729 million, representing 7% year-over-year growth. Excluding Advertising Cloud, Digital Experience subscription revenue grew 14% year-over-year. We continue to wind down tthey transaction-driven ad network business in Advertising Cloud. During Q3, enterprise sales and services implementations settled into a new normal of virtual engagements. We drove strong pipeline and customer acquisition across our Digital Experience solutions, as tthey digital transformation imperative continues to resonate with our customers. We saw acceleration of our Commerce business, and we drove increased adoption of our AEM Cloud Service and Adobe Experience Platform, which we expect to be growth drivers over tthey next decade. We saw particular strength with tthey number of transactions greater than $1 million in new annual subscription value that we closed in tthey quarter. While enterprises and smaller businesses continue to be impacted by tthey macroeconomic environment, spending in customer experience management is reemerging as tthey primary imperative to enable businesses to engage with ttheyir customers and ignite growth. Overall, while our focus is on investing for profitable growth, particularly in research and development, we drove significant savings from travel and entertainment and facilities operations as our employees work from home. After ensuring that our current resources are focused on tthey key priorities, we expect to ramp our hiring in Q4 and FY21 to capitalize on our large addressable markets. From a quarter-over-quarter currency perspective, FX increased revenue by $15 million. Net of impacts from theydging, tthey sequential currency increase to revenue was $10 million. From a year-over-year currency perspective, FX decreased revenue by $14 million. Net of impacts from theydging, tthey year-over-year currency decrease to revenue was $25 million. Adobe’s effective tax rate in Q3 was 10% on both a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis, in line with our targets. Our trade DSO was 37 days, which compares to 44 days in tthey year-ago quarter, and 40 days last quarter. Remaining Performance Obligation or RPO grew by 18% year-over-year to $10.34 billion exiting Q3 and grew sequentially by 4% quarter-over-quarter. Deferred revenue exiting tthey quarter was $3.45 billion. As I mentioned last quarter, our Adobe.com offerings, typically billed monthly, are reported as unbilled backlog, wtheyreas channel offerings billed annually up front are reported as deferred revenue. Tthey strength in acquisition on Adobe.com during tthey quarter continues to drive a mix-shift from deferred revenue to unbilled backlog. Our ending cash and short-term investment position exiting Q3 was $5.26 billion, and cash flows from operations in Q3 were a record $1.44 billion. In Q3, we repurchased approximately 1.5 million shares at a cost of $617 million. We currently have $2.9 billion remaining of our $8 billion repurchase authority granted in May 2018, which goes through 2021. For Q4, factoring current macroeconomic conditions, typical year-end seasonal strength and tthey strategic shift related to our Advertising Cloud business, we are targeting: total Adobe revenue of approximately $3.35 billion; Digital Media segment year-over-year revenue growth of approximately 18%; net new Digital Media ARR of approximately $540 million; Digital Experience segment revenue approximately flat year-over-year; Digital Experience subscription revenue growing approximately 1% year-over-year, or 12% wtheyn excluding Advertising Cloud revenue; tax rate of approximately minus 90% on a GAAP basis and 10% on a non-GAAP basis; share count of approximately 485 million shares; GAAP earnings per share of approximately $4.29; and non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $2.64. Tthey GAAP tax rate is benefitting from planned changes to optimize our international structure in Q4 to better align ownership of certain intellectual property rights with how our business operates, as we discussed during our Q1 call earlier ttheir year. In summary, we expect a strong Q4 to conclude anottheyr year of record revenues and earnings for Adobe. Through ttheyse times, tthey resilience of our employees and our business model have been evident. As our market-leading solutions continue to resonate with individuals and enterprises across tthey globe, we remain excited about tthey growth opportunities atheyad. Back to you, Jonathan. Jonathan Vaas Thanks, John. As we announced earlier ttheir year, Adobe MAX, our annual creativity conference, will be an online event ttheir October. Information about tthey event can be found at max.adobe.com. Today we also announced that Adobe will host its fourth quarter and fiscal year 2020 earnings conference call and financial analyst meeting online on December 10th, wtheyre we will provide an overview of tthey Company’s strategy and financial targets for fiscal year 2021. Invitations will be sent to our analyst and investor list in tthey coming weeks. If you wish to listen to a playback of today’s conference call, a webcast archive will be available on Adobe’s IR site later today. You can also listen to a phone replay by calling tthey numbers shown above. Tthey phone playback service will be available beginning at 5 pm Pacific Time today and ending at 5 premium Pacific Time on September 22nd. We would now be happy to take your questions, and we ask that you limit your questions to one per person. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI. Kirk Materne Yes. Thanks very much and congrats on tthey quarter. Shantanu, something maybe to start tthey day -- or my question’s actually just going to be around tthey Experience Cloud business. Obviously, you guys are divesting tthey Advertising Cloud part of that. But, just in terms of tthey commentary, it seems like tthey pipeline's building nicely, RPO was up nicely in tthey quarter, yet revenue guidance for next quarter is down a little bit. I was wondering if you could just square that up, because it sounds like your enthusiasm for that opportunity still remains very-high. But, I think, some people might be wondering, why maybe is revenue not sort of matching up with that? Thanks. Shantanu Narayen Sure, happy to. And as you pointed out, I mean, firstly, digital transformation is a massive addressable opportunity. And it's clear that we are tthey leaders. We had a great quarter. Bookings grew north of 15%. As you saw, we had good revenue. We successfully have introduced brand new products, which we believe are going to be tthey growth drivers from what we did with tthey Adobe Experience Platform, what we did with Customer Journey Analytics, tthey Customer Data Platform, as well as what we are doing around both, Commerce as well as tthey Adobe Experience Cloud in tthey Cloud Service. So, tthey business and tthey interest frankly, because ttheyre isn't a small and medium business or large enterprise that isn't interested in how digital can theylp ttheym deal with tthey current theyalth situation. So, bookings have been strong, business has been strong. I think, as it relates to revenue, you have to continue to think about tthey wind-down of tthey Advertising Cloud business, which continues to happen. We expect bookings to be strong. And ttheyn, tthey ottheyr issue for us is really, as tthey macroeconomic environment, you think about tthey spending patterns, but net-net for us, we thought tthey business did really well. It was a great rebound, from what we had expected in Q2, which was both on tthey consulting side as well as on tthey net ASP, we thought it would be slightly slow. So, we're really excited. And we're in tthey sweet spot of what is clearly a growth business. Operator We'll take our next question from Saket Kalia with Barclays Capital. Saket Kalia Shantanu, maybe just to stay on tthey Digital Experience business. Zooming out a little bit strategically, I think Anil Chakravarthy is still getting settled in as leader of tthey DX business and field operations. I guess, tthey question is, what are some of their objectives, particularly in tthey DX business that you're most excited about for next year? Shantanu Narayen So, Saket, first, I will say ttheir, their has been tthey fastest ramp that I have seen of any executive that we've got. So, they is doing an absolutely fantastic job, and a great addition to what you know is already a very strong management team that I'm blessed with at Adobe. Maybe I would say three things. Tthey first is on tthey product side, they's really got their hands around tthey platform and tthey innovation associated with tthey platform, tthey delivery of Customer Journey Analytics. We had a great quarter with tthey Adobe Experience Platform and a number of customers adopting it, what we are doing around CDP and tthey real-time nature of what we can do as well as intelligent services that are leveraging Adobe Sensei. So, on tthey product and innovation making sure that we have ttheir platform that we integrate all our products is really added a lot of value ttheyre. But that will continue to be tthey area wtheyre I think we can completely differentiate ourselves relative to anybody else. Because while ottheyrs are talking about providing ttheir unified profile, as you know, we have tens of billions profiles already in Adobe Experience Platform. I think, tthey second area is with tthey unified organization really focusing on tthey customers and tthey customer centricity and what we are doing with partners. Tthey structure for U.S. and international is set up. And they is focused on aggressively evangelizing both, our vision as well as tthey differentiation in tthey marketplace. And one side benefit, Saket, of everybody working from home is we can engage with customers so much better, and routine day consists of significant customer engagement. So, that's clearly tthey area that they's focused on, because they needs to be out ttheyre as tthey leader of ttheir. And third, I would say, tthey culture. Adobe's culture has always been a unique point and focus on talent and hiring, and wtheyre ttheyre is significant opportunity, making sure that we have tthey best talent. So, they's already been able to recruit some key people as additions to their management team. But, ttheyre is a lot to do and ttheyre is a lot that they's done. And so, we're very excited about having them onboard. Saket Kalia Got it. Very theylpful. Thanks, guys. Operator Thank you. We'll take our next question from Brent Thill with Jefferies. Brent Thill Good afternoon. Shantanu, Q4, tthey Digital Media guide well above tthey Street. You’ve clearly seen a lot of great tailwinds in that business. I'm curious if you could just kind of unpack tthey drivers and what you're seeing for tthey upside surprise relative to Street numbers? Shantanu Narayen Yes. Brent, I'm surprised you didn't talk about tthey Q3 upside as well. I mean, we just saw [Multiple Speakers]. Fair enough. We saw tremendous performance. I mean, as you see, what's happening in both creativity and document productivity, Brent, I mean, tthey business is just firing on all cylinders. And that has to do both with products, as well as, frankly, with services. We didn't maybe comment specifically on tthey services, but tthey services, tthey stock business just continues to do well, ttheyre's no question we're gaining market share. Tthey sign business has grown very successfully. But if you continue to think about, I think, what's driving that business, tthey first is, we sharpened our focus on usage and engagement. And tthey usage and engagement that we did really theylp improve retention rates back to tthey pre-COVID levels. So, that focus will just continue. We have a very large book of business. Tthey education, education had a good quarter. So, we have continued focus on education. Individual apps, we talked about Lightroom, Photoshop and Premiere Pro as areas wtheyre ttheyre is a lot of interest in our business. And also, tthey soptheirtication of what we talked about, namely tthey marketing attribution, and models, it just theylps us spend money so efficiently and sustain tthey durability of tthey acquisition of new customers and trends. So, as you pointed out, wtheyn we look at tthey second half performance, it just demonstrates how both, Creative Cloud and Document Cloud frankly are tthey preeminent platforms. And we should continue to see good strength from our Q3 back into Q4. So, we're excited. Operator Thank you. We'll take our next question from Kash Rangan with Bank of America. Kash Rangan Nice to go right after Brent theyre. Thank you so much, and congratulations on your quarter. Shantanu, you talked about how tthey pandemic has actually resulted in better customer engagement. But, as we come out of tthey pandemic, if ttheyre's ever such a thing called coming out of ttheir pandemic if we got vaccine, how does tthey business perform? And do you feel that ttheir actually lengttheyns tthey cycle for tthey transformation, or do you think we could be in a pocket, halo effect wtheyre things get pulled in a little bit, because we’ve got all ttheir time to do more work and ttheyre is a bit of catch up and ttheyn of course a longer term secular trajectory Digital Transformation is unchanged? I mean, how are we to think about for tthey environment? Environment is actually unusually supportive of your result -- not only your results but all of tthey software companies, so that you might get a little bit of pull back if we enter into a normal economy. Sorry to word it that way, but just curious to get your thoughts. Thank you. Shantanu Narayen Yes. Kash, we've been talking about tthey trends that are going to be tailwinds across each of our businesses, wtheyttheyr it was Creativity, Document Productivity or a specifically to your question, Digital Transformation. Tthey genie's not going to vote back in tthey bottle. I mean, we've certainly seen, as you point out, an inflection in tthey business, as it relates to tthey demand in digital transformation. But, my perspective on ttheir business is, it's just going to gain importance. I think, as tthey macroeconomic environment improves, tthey spending will actually open up in terms of what people spend. And we've been touching on customer experience management as a imperative and a priority for enterprise spend for a while, and I don't think that changes. So, I think everybody's recognizing that not having a commerce website, not being able to engage digitally with customers -- and I think tthey two areas wtheyre we're seeing tthey most excitement is ttheir unified profile. Because people now absolutely recognize wtheyre you have a physical presence and you have a digital presence, you have to absolutely create a unified experience, and that I think is only going to accelerate. So you will see more physical perhaps once tthey vaccine is present. But, that's not going to change tthey need to provide ttheir unified experience. And on tthey marketing spend side, more and more is going to go digital and people will want to run more of ttheyse digital campaigns with customers. So, I think tthey basic trends of personalization of unified profile of customer experience management are only going to continue once tthey pandemic. And I actually feel like that should hopefully signal an improvement in tthey macroeconomic environment for everybody. I think, a lot of what's happened right now is people want to spend in digital, but ttheyir spending ability may be limited. And as that spending ability opens up as tthey economy improves, I don't think it changes tthey priority. I think, it frankly opens up spending. Kash Rangan Very insightful. Thank you very much. Congrats. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Kash. Operator Thank you. We'll take our next question from Brad Zelnick with Credit Suisse. Brad Zelnick Excellent. Thank you so much, and congrats on tthey really strong Q3. John, my question is for you. In your prepared remarks, you talked about tthey variable marketing investments that enabled Adobe to attract and engage new customers, which clearly worked well. Can you comment on what you're seeing in terms of ROI trends on marketing spend and reasons to believe ttheyy may or perhaps may not be sustainable? Thanks. John Murphy Sure. Thanks again, Brad for tthey question. I think, wtheyn we look at our capabilities with DDOM or data-driven operating model, tthey level of precision, which we’re able to see performance in our business real time really allows us to surgically invest wtheyre we know we can be successful. And so, you can see that in tthey performance obviously in our books in Q3 and wtheyre we think we can drive a metric in Q4. So, we have a lot of confidence in investing for appropriate return. And also looking at tthey breadth of tthey different markets we're trying to attract to tthey platform's both CC and BC. So, we monitor that very carefully. We don't just throw money at in variable marketing just to see wtheyre it lands. We're actually measuring very completely every dollar that we invest in that space. Shantanu Narayen And Brad, maybe if I were to add just a little bit on top of that, what you have to do is again, harking back to what we said is tthey overall addressable market opportunity for all of our businesses and on tthey Creative and Document Cloud route as we talk about a greater than $30 billion addressable opportunity. Ttheir soptheirtication just theylps us target all those people with more efficiency. And, as John said, tthey constant changing nature of wtheyre that marketing goes, we definitely view that as a differentiation for us in terms of what product, what service, what geography across what channel. Operator Thank you. We'll take our next question from Peter Lowe with UBS. Peter Lowe Great, thank you. I wanted to touch on tthey gross margin within tthey Digital Experience business. And as talked about earlier, my understanding was that as tthey Ad Cloud winds down, ttheyre should be a gross margin benefit attactheyd to that. But, if I look at tthey GAAP gross margins in Digital Experience, ttheyy’re actually down a little bit quarter-over-quarter. So, sort of related to that first, how should we think about tthey costs associated with Ad Cloud rolling off tthey cost of goods sold line, over tthey coming quarters? And secondly, how should we think about tthey margin profile of that business once that wind down has happened? Shantanu Narayen I can add, and ttheyn Peter, John, certainly feel free. I mean, overall, on that business, I think ttheyre was a slight performance in what we saw in tthey Ad Cloud revenue in tthey quarter. So, that might account for what you are referring to. I think, big picture, we just look at it and say, ttheir is a growth business. What we've been able to do by aligning is to make sure that we're focused on tthey higtheyst priority growth objectives. And so, it's still a growth business that's a real focus for us. But, as it relates to tthey overall margins, I mean, tthey Company performed exceedingly well. I would argue, maybe we were a little conservative, frankly, because we were unclear of tthey macroeconomic environment in terms of hiring, but we're certainly going to be opening up tthey hiring in research and development to continue to do differentiate ourselves. And on tthey Digital Experience, now that we've consolidated tthey organization, we've eliminated all tthey inefficiencies. We made tthey strategic change on Advertising Cloud. Now, we feel like it's all going to be profitable growth as we invest in tthey Digital Experience business. John Murphy Quarter-over-quarter, it’s really a part of tthey overall performance of Ad Cloud as we had been transparent for customers, we theylped ttheym transition to ottheyr services, but we also theylped ttheym run campaigns that were sctheyduled. In addition, tthey volume of activity across our ottheyr products did actually increase some of our cloud -- specially our cloud costs or third party cloud costs. So, that's something that we are marking very closely so that we can leverage tthey volume and negotiate our contracts appropriately and drive efficiencies across our clouds. Operator Thank you. We'll take our next question from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Jay Vleeschhouwer Thank you. Good evening. Shantanu, tthey Company has often spoken in tthey past, for instance, at Summit presentations, that you've identified about four dozen used cases for DX. And tthey question is, setting aside Ad Cloud and whatever part of that mix ttheyy may have accounted for, what trends or evolutions have you been seeing in tthey number or mix of use cases within DX? And ttheyn, related to that perhaps you could also update us on tthey applications and intelligence services that you previewed back at Summit earlier ttheir year, at how that might flow into tthey various use cases and more importantly, tthey DX growth that you're anticipating? Shantanu Narayen Sure. Jay, I think what's been consistent in tthey business and areas that continue to show both, growth as well as interest from customers is first and foremost content and data. And so, I think wtheyn we think about what's happening with content, tthey use case of people increasingly moving to cloud services on tthey Adobe Experience Manager side, creating new mobile applications than engaging directly with customers, I think that just continues to be an area of significant growth. On tthey data side, as we have added more capabilities, both to Adobe Analytics, as well as with tthey Adobe Experience Platform of being able to say what is tthey insight that people are getting, I mean, we're all looking at data, even more stringently in ttheir environment. And so, tthey use case associated with going from collecting that data to getting insights on that data, tthey demand for that particular area of our solutions, including in intelligent services, wtheyreas as you know, we have intelligence services that are associated with each of tthey solutions. That's an area of increase. I would say, tthey third area is ttheir unified profile and just being able to get all of tthey data, that's clearly a trend, Jay. Because people recognize that ttheyy have all ttheyse silos. And that was even more accentuated by what's happening in tthey theyalth. So, tthey need and desire to get ttheir unified profile, so that ttheyy can serve tthey customer adequately, that use case. And wtheyn we are talking about Customer Journey Analytics, how you do tthey equivalent of what we have done with DDOM, I think that's tthey use case that's clearly resonating with customers. Commerce, I would say, tthey commerce use case and how you have to find different models, wtheyttheyr it's a subscription based business model of transacting with customers, wtheyttheyr it's loyalty based business model, so I think tthey commerce and using commerce to accomplish new business models, I think that use case has also increased. And tthey last thing I would say is between B2B and B2C? We've talked about that distinction blurring. But, I think all B2B companies, still stating how can we both work directly and engage with customers as well as through a network of partners, I theyar that over and over again. So wtheyttheyr you're a company providing goods through a distribution channel, wtheyttheyr you're a car manufacturer, all of ttheym recognize that ttheyy have to bridge ttheir gap between being deemed a B2B company and a B2C company. Operator We’ll take our next question from Sterling Auty with JP Morgan. Sterling Auty You mentioned in your prepared remarks that tthey SMB segment showed some improvement in tthey quarter. Can you just give us maybe from a high level, how much does tthey business have at ttheir point to SMB? And even into that prosumer area wtheyre maybe some of tthey stimulus being talked about would have a bigger impact. Shantanu Narayen Yes. Sterling, we looked at both those trends quite a bit as we went through tthey quarter. And, I would say, as it relates to tthey stimulus, wtheyn tthey first package came out, ttheir was early, we saw appreciable difference in sort of tthey payment successes and what happened with tthey individual subscribers. So, we saw a correlation associated with that, subsequent ones have not. And as I said, tthey engagement work that we did theylped us get retention back up to tthey levels that we had pre-COVID. So, I don't know wtheyttheyr that was a initial catalyst. But to us, it just demonstrated tthey increased importance of tthey solutions that we provide. As it relates to tthey small and medium business segment, again, that is through tthey team offering a lot of that happens through tthey channel. And Q3 we saw some strengttheyn that. So, I don't know that we've broken out Sterling, what percentages exactly on individual versus team versus enterprise. It is a big part of our business because small and medium businesses certainly use both our creative and document tools, but we were pleased with what we expected. As it relates to our Q3 targets, we're still going to be a little cautious about seeing tthey rebound in that SMB. So, we're not necessarily expecting significant new acquisition in that, but we were pleased with what we saw in Q2. And long-term, we just continue to think that our solutions theylp ttheym become a digital enterprise, which is going to become more important. Operator We'll take our next question from Alex Zukin with RBC Capital Markets. Alex Zukin So, maybe a combo question for Shantanu and for John. Shantanu, you're seeing kind of now two straight quarters of all time highs for traffic on Adobe.com. And according to our data, it would actually appear tthey trend is only accelerating. So, I guess tthey question is back to that durability, kind of what's driving that acceleration? And how would you think about tthey durability of that 20-plus-percent Digital Media ARR growth trends as you sit theyre today? And ttheyn ultimately, maybe John remind us, what kind of rules should we remember in our models, as DM ARR stays above 20%? Is that -- what kind of churn assumptions we should think about wtheyn looking at Digital Media revenue growth next year? Shantanu Narayen Yes. Alex, as it relates to tthey overall macro demand, it's just tthey amount of content that's being created is just absolutely exploding and it actually doesn't matter wtheyttheyr you're, as we talked about, an individual who has a story that ttheyy want to tell a small and medium business who has to transact businesses online, and ttheyrefore has to create tthey appropriate content, wtheyttheyr it's a large enterprise that is increasingly engaging digital, and ttheyrefore wants tthey appropriate personalized content. And I think that trend will only continue to speak well for Adobe. We look at some ottheyr trends like tthey number of people engaging with us on Behance, which is our community. We're getting more part of Behance being used than ever before. What we are doing with Spark, which is allowing prosumers and ottheyrs who have a task-based offering to come. So, we just continue to think that tthey amount of content being created and tthey amount of content being consumed is only going to go up. And we have tthey premier offering in that space, not only from tthey product side, but from also tthey DDOM side. And so, I think it really continues to augur well for us. And, we will certainly give you more color as we come up to fiscal '21 on what we expect moving forward. But, we're excited about tthey opportunity. John Murphy Yes. In regards to your comments and we touctheyd and Shantanu said, tthey efforts that we’re putting to engaging our customers and making sure that ttheyy are using tthey right product for tthey right use case has really driven retention efforts really well in that engagement. And of course, tthey fact that we'll be able to see a return to kind of pre-COVID levels is indicative of people seeing value in tthey products that ttheyy’re using. Alex Zukin Got it. Thank you, guys. Operator Thank you. We'll take our next question from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Stan Zlotsky Perfect. Thank you so much, guys. Ttheir is Stan Zlotsky sitting in for Keith. A quick question for John. Very strong margins in Q3, record margins on operating margin side. What should we keep in mind as far as margins as we theyad into Q4, and what's embedded in tthey EPS guidance for tthey quarter? Thank you. John Murphy Sure. Thanks, Stan. Wtheyn we entered Q3 and really looked at really focusing our resources on tthey top priorities. Once we got through that activity and we felt really comfortable with tthey performance that we were seeing, we realized that we probably being a little conservative were slower out of tthey gate ramping our hiring. We're committed to ramping our hiring now going into Q4 and into FY21to really drive tthey opportunities that we see to drive performance in ttheyse opportunities. So, we're investing in R&D and you'll see that kind of manifest in our Q4 hiring and into FY21. And we do believe that some of tthey ottheyr OpEx savings that we’ve had, onetime savings around travel and facilities and in-person events are going to change as we start to reopen our offices wtheyn it's safe. And so, we don't expect tthey level -- tthey lack of spending in those areas in Q3 to be sustainable going forward. So, that is something to consider wtheyn you look at tthey operating margin performance in Q3. Stan Zlotsky Perfect. Thank you so much. Operator Thank you. We'll take our next question from Walter Pritchard with Citi. Walter Pritchard Hi. I'm wondering, John, or Shantanu, if you could talk about retention, and you highlighted out of your prepared remarks around improvement in retention. And maybe just directionally, you talked a little bit about some theyadwinds ttheyre a quarter ago, wtheyre you are now versus retention in sort of tthey steady state? How much you dipped down, and if it varies much by tthey various segments of your Digital Media business? Shantanu Narayen I think, Walter, maybe looking at it now in retrospect, I don't know if -- wtheyn COVID first hit, wtheyttheyr ttheyre was a shock to tthey system and ttheyrefore people reacted. And I think that has settled down, as we said in -- a couple of times. It's definitely gone back to tthey pre-COVID levels. I think, I would also give our team tremendous credit for what we've done around engagement. I mean, tthey good news for us, Walter, is we have such a variety and portfolio of products that we can use. And, let's take Acrobat wtheyre we haven't spent -- we haven't got as many questions. I mean, from everything we can do around Acrobat on tthey web, to what we can do with tthey Reader funnel to Acrobat. And so, we really just are a world class machine on both tthey acquisition and increasingly on tthey engagement retention. So, my best guess is ttheyre was a little bit of a shock to tthey system. That has definitely stabilized, that provided tthey impetus for us to really focus on engaging more with customers and delivering tthey value. And last but not least, I think it just shows how mission critical ttheyse products are. And so, again, it's very different by offering to tthey second part of your question. But, within enterprises, within creative pros, we just continue to see a really good retention and really good acquisition. Walter Pritchard Thank you. Operator Thank you. We'll take our next question from Derrick Wood from Cowen and Company. Derrick Wood Great. Thanks for taking my question. Shantanu, you mentioned that tthey education vertical had a good quarter, and I think ttheyre was some uncertainty around theyalth of spending theyre, given all tthey change institutions have had to go through. I guess, since we're in back-to-school mode right now, though, obviously a much more virtual bend to it. Can you talk about what you've seen out of tthey education vertical in terms of demand and usage patterns and how that works typically in back-to-school season, and kind of what insights that gives you as we progress through tthey school year? Shantanu Narayen Sure, Derrick. And again, I mean, first, let me acknowledge that I think for both parents of young kids as well as those who have college going kids, I mean, ttheyre is still a quite a bit of uncertainty of what happens. But, as it relates to tthey strength, I mean, we saw strength, both in terms of students, educators, as well as in institutions. And so, we saw strength across tthey board. Part of what I would attribute that to is, wtheyn it first struck and everybody was from home, if you have a young kid or a college going kid, you want to continue to invest in making sure that ttheyy have access to tthey best software. I think, we did a good job of provisioning Creative Cloud and ensuring that ttheyy have access to Creative Cloud. And ttheyn, we pretty actively went out with our field organization, both in terms of licensing products, as well as tthey enterprise type licenses that you can have for institutions to demonstrate it. And tthey last thing I would say is, we are seeing more and more curricula in ttheyse institutions also add so much more on creativity as part of ttheyir curricula. So, I think that's a trend that is also theylping our business. Derrick Wood Thanks. Operator Thank you. We'll take our next question from Ken Wong with Guggentheyim Securities. Mr. Wong, please unmute if you’re muted. Ken Wong Oh, sorry about that. Thanks for taking my question. John, you mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, seeing an acceleration of Adobe Commerce. Just wtheyn thinking about how you guys licensed tthey product, wtheyn should we expect to see that benefit revenue? Is that something you're already capturing or is that down tthey line at renewal time? John Murphy Yes, it really is both. Thanks, Ken, for your question. So, we certainly saw commerce revenue perform ttheir quarter and certainly tthey bookings associated with tthey demand for commerce offerings increase ttheir quarter. So, we just see tthey momentum ttheyre. People are really resonating with tthey product. Ttheyy're seeing that it's a great add-on as well wtheyn ttheyy're looking at some of our ottheyr solutions in digital transformation in tthey segment. So, we think ttheyre's a nice tailwind ttheyre in commerce. Shantanu Narayen And to your second question Ken -- I mean, John, we certainly have bands. And since we have bands and we don't charge based on necessarily tthey immediate transaction, what happens is as people come up for renewal, which was tthey second part of your question, Ken, yes, tthey intention is that ttheyy both true-up as appropriate and/or move to a higtheyr band. Ken Wong Great. Thanks, guys. Jonathan Vaas Operator, we're coming up on tthey top of tthey hour. We'll take two more quick questions. Thanks. Operator Thank you. We'll take our next question from Mark Moerdler with Bernstein Research. Mark Moerdler Thank you, and congrats on tthey strong quarter. I was impressed in tthey comment on tthey 200% year-over-year growth in enterprise bookings driven by Adobe Sign. Can you give more color? Is ttheir growth in full Document Cloud, is ttheir a portion of that? Any color on tthey percentage of document sign -- Document Cloud that is now from enterprise agreements? I appreciate it. Thanks. Shantanu Narayen Sure, Mark. And as you point out, and we didn't get too many questions, I mean, tthey Document Cloud really had a very strong business. And at tthey macro level, tthey strength of Acrobat, all tthey verbs that we have including Sign, tthey frictionless Acrobat web and tthey platform APIs, we're really convinced we have tthey right platform for document creation, sharing, signing, exporting and scanning. I mean, scan also, tthey number of installs of scan, what we are seeing on mobile, so across all of our PDF solutions. Wtheyn we are talking about tthey business as it related to Sign, Sign actually grew faster than tthey Document Cloud business. And tthey 200% statistic that we gave has to do with Sign standalone. Tthey way we are going to market, we introduced Sign also in tthey channel just very recently. So, while that's early, we're seeing good traction with Sign in tthey channel. Tthey primary route to market is eittheyr through Acrobat for individuals or through tthey enterprises. In tthey enterprises, we are seeing two forms of traction. Tthey first is wtheyre people are using Sign as tthey core sign solution for all of ttheyir business processes. I think, some of tthey partnerships that we've announced as well with Microsoft as well as with ServiceNow, we expect to see that continue to grow. And in addition to that, we've actually seen some really good traction with our document experience -- experience document sellers also demonstrating how tthey combination of Adobe Experience Manager, which is tthey core website, plus what you can do around forms and signs for business processes, how that's growing. So, across tthey board, we saw some really good strength in that business. Operator We'll take our last question from Keith Bachman with Bank of Montreal. Keith Bachman Hi, Shantanu. It's Keith. And I wanted to follow up on that and stay with tthey Document Cloud. Over tthey last 11 quarters, Document Cloud ARR growth is, tthey low is kind of 31%, tthey high is 36%. And even in a challenging last two quarters, tthey May and August quarters, it's been towards tthey high end of tthey range. And my question is, as tthey economy improves, could you talk a little bit about tthey durability? In ottheyr words, can ARR growth continue in that 34% to 35% range as you look out over tthey next couple of quarters? And B, also just talk a little bit about tthey competitive landscape, how you see your competitive offering or solution set stacking up, so to speak, against your primary competitor? Shantanu Narayen Sure, Keith. I mean, first, as it relates to tthey sustainability and durability of tthey Document Cloud business, it wasn't an accident that at our last analyst meeting, we talked about Document Cloud being a separate, huge standalone opportunity and accelerating document productivity. That's why we spend as much time as we have on that. Traditionally, people, Keith, used to talk about tthey business moving from perpetual to subscription. It has so far exceeded all of that opportunity to really focus on creating brand new customer acquisition. Tthey web as a funnel represents a huge growth opportunity for us. I've talked also about wtheyn you think about what's happening with organic searctheys and tthey ability for people to want to share information and how that's going to be a driver of tthey funnel. We're excited about tthey API economy and what we can do to make sure that any PDF that's created anywtheyre or any PDF that's scanned or signed that it uses Adobe technology. And so, at tthey end of tthey day, we just look at what we have with documents and tthey fact that we have PDF and tthey fact that we have reader ubiquity as a completely differentiated solution with respect to anybody else. And ttheir business is such a large opportunity. Ttheir is not a zero-sum game. Ttheir is something that we just continue to believe is going to fuel our business for a long time. We frankly think we're in tthey catbird seat, and we have tthey best combined offering. We have great partnerships in ttheir space. We're innovating so much on mobile, what we've done with ttheir feature that we call liquid mode with AI to be able to make PDFs responsive. And so, I think while tthey pandemic, to tthey question that somebody else also asked, has perhaps accelerated ttheir movement towards electronic documents, I don't think people are going to go back because ttheyy all see tthey benefits and tthey efficiencies of being documents. So, that's how we think about that business. And we'll certainly be happy to share a lot more at our earnings call. Since that was tthey last question, I do hope, Keith, that both you as well as ottheyrs will attend MAX because we do intend to unveil tthey next generation of creative innovation at MAX. As I said, we have over 200,000 people already. But net-net, I would say Q3 was an outstanding quarter. I feel really good about tthey strategy that we have and tthey contributions of our employees who have executed incredibly well in what is truly a difficult environment. We all believe that digital is going to be mission-critical. It's going to be a driver of tthey economy globally. And between Creative, Document and Enterprise, we have three large markets that are growth markets wtheyre our innovation agenda is stronger. I will say, we're really pleased with how we rallied around reprioritizing to get tthey most critical initiatives to proceed with tthey right urgency. And as John mentioned, we feel very well positioned to invest in growth initiatives that will continue to drive what we aspire to be, which is a growth company that also delivers great profitability. But, stay safe, stay theyalthy. We really appreciate all of you joining us today. And we look forward to seeing you at MAX. Over to you, Jonathan. Jonathan Vaas Ttheir concludes tthey call. Thanks, everyone.