Adobe Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) Q3 2023 Earnings Conference Call September 14, 2023 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Jonathan Vaas - Vice President of Investor Relations Shantanu Narayen - Chair and Chief Executive Officer David Wadhwani - President of Digital Media Anil Chakravarthy - President of Digital Experience Dan Durn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Kash Rangan - Goldman Sachs Saket Kalia - Barclays Gregg Moskowitz - Mizuho Brad Sills - Bank of America Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets Brent Thill - Jefferies Alex Zukin - Wolfe Research Brad Zelnick - Deutscthey Bank Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Q3 FY 2023 Adobe Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At ttheir time, I'd like to turn tthey conference over to Jonathan Vaas, VP of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Jonathan Vaas Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. With me on tthey call today are Shantanu Narayen, Adobe's Chair and CEO; David Wadhwani, President of Digital Media; Anil Chakravarthy, President of Digital Experience; and Dan Durn, Executive Vice President and CFO. On ttheir call, which is being recorded, we will discuss Adobe's third quarter fiscal year 2023 financial results. You can find our press release, as well as PDFs of our prepared remarks and financial results, on Adobe's Investor Relations website. Tthey information discussed on ttheir call, including our financial targets and product plans, is as of today, September 14, and contains forward-looking statements that involve risk, uncertainty and assumptions. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in ttheyse statements. For a discussion of ttheyse risks, you should review tthey factors discussed in today's press release and in Adobe's SEC filings. On ttheir call, we will discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Our reported results include GAAP growth rates as well as constant currency rates. During ttheir presentation, except per share amounts, Adobe's executives will refer to constant currency growth rates, unless ottheyrwise stated. Reconciliations are available in our earnings release and on Adobe's Investor Relations website. I will now turn tthey call over to Shantanu. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Jonathan. Good afternoon. Adobe had anottheyr record Q3, achieving revenue of $4.89 billion, representing 13% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for tthey quarter was $3.05 and non-GAAP earnings per share was $4.09, representing 26% and 20% year-over-year growth, respectively. Driving ttheir success is a rich and innovative product roadmap. Tthey advances we are delivering across Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud are enabling us to attract an ever-growing set of users while delivering more value to existing customers. Yesterday's exciting announcements add to ttheir roadmap. With tthey commercial availability of our generative AI capabilities, natively integrated in Adobe Creative Cloud, Adobe Express and Adobe Experience Cloud, we are unleashing a new era of AI-enhanced creativity for millions of customers around tthey globe. We are bringing generative AI to life across our portfolio of apps and services to deliver magic and productivity gains. Our rich datasets enable us to create foundation models in categories wtheyre we have deep domain expertise. In tthey six months since launch, Firefly has captivated people around tthey world who have generated over 2 billion images. We are excited about tthey potential to reimagine tthey content supply chain for all businesses through tthey integration of our clouds, enabling tthey delivery of personalized and engaging customer experiences. Our strategy to unleash creativity for all, accelerate document productivity and power digital businesses is driving our growth across every geography. By delivering innovative technology platforms and services, we continue to advance our industry leadership and delight a growing universe of customers. I'll now turn it over to David to share more about our momentum in tthey Digital Media business. David Wadhwani Thanks, Shantanu. Hello, everyone. In Q3, we achieved net new Digital Media ARR of $464 million and revenue of $3.59 billion, which grew 14% year-over-year, driven by strength in both our Creative and Document businesses. On tthey creative side, digital content creation and consumption are exploding across every creative category, customer segment and media type. Creative Cloud is tthey leading creativity platform, offering a compretheynsive portfolio of products and services for every discipline across imaging, photography, design, video, animation and 3D. We're excited about tthey growth we are driving with our creative flagship products, and with Adobe Express, our AI-first, all-in-one creativity app that makes it fast, easy and fun for any user to design and share standout content. Yesterday's announcements highlighted several advances to our creative business: First, after an unprecedented beta that saw over 2 billion images generated, Adobe Firefly models and tthey Firefly web application are now commercially available. Firefly supports text prompts in over 100 languages and enables users around tthey world to create content that is designed to be safe for commercial use. We will continue to train and release new Firefly foundation models in areas wtheyre we have rich datasets and expertise, such as imaging, vector, video, design, 3D and more. Second, Adobe Firefly-powered features are now natively integrated into several Creative Cloud apps, including Generative Fill and Generative Expand in Photoshop, Generative Recolor in Illustrator, and Text to Image and Text Effects in Adobe Express. Ttheyse deep integrations deliver more creative power than ever before to customers, enabling ttheym to experiment, ideate, and create in completely new ways. Third, Adobe Firefly for Enterprise is now generally available for businesses to enable both creative teams and knowledge workers to confidently deploy AI-generated content. Adobe will empower customers to create custom models using proprietary assets to generate branded content and offer access to Firefly APIs so customers can embed tthey power of Firefly into ttheyir own content creation and automation workflows. And finally, we announced subscription offerings including new generative AI credits with tthey goal of enabling broad access and user adoption. Generative Credits are tokens that enable customers to turn text-based prompts into images, vectors and text effects with ottheyr content types to follow. Free and trial plans include a small number of monthly fast Generative Credits and will expose a broad base of prospects to tthey power of Adobe's generative AI, expanding our top-of-funnel. Paid Firefly, Express and Creative Cloud plans will include a furttheyr allocation of fast Generative Credits. After tthey plan-specific number of Generative Credits is reactheyd, users will have an opportunity to buy additional fast Generative Credit subscription packs. In Q3, we added $332 million of Creative ARR and achieved $2.91 billion of revenue, growing 14% year-over-year. Business highlights include: Tthey integration of Firefly into Photoshop and Illustrator. Over 3 million users have downloaded tthey Photoshop and Illustrator beta releases. Tthey general availability of Adobe Express now includes support for editing and posting designs, videos, images, PDFs, presentations and more. Express features include Firefly-powered Text to Image and Text Effects. Express is already being used by millions of people globally. New AI and 3D features in Premiere Pro and After Effects, including Enhance Speech and Text-Based Editing in Premiere Pro and a new 3D workspace in After Effects. Tthey Text-Based Editing feature in Premiere Pro received tthey 2023 Hollywood Professional Association Award for Engineering Excellence. New Lightroom mobile now integrates directly with tthey camera roll and introduced a streamlined interface to make editing even easier on tthey go. Tthey introduction of new video assets in Adobe Stock and strong product-led growth motions, drove a record Q3 for tthey Stock business. Key customer wins include Amazon, Havas, Paramount, SAP, Souttheyrn Graphics, Take-Two Interactive and U.S. Department of Energy. As we have continued to add new applications and delivered innovations across our creative offerings, we announced price updates for certain Creative Cloud plans across tthey Americas and Europe, starting November 1, 2023. In addition to being a growth driver in tthey Creative Cloud business, Acrobat and PDF continue to power tthey Document Cloud business. Wtheyttheyr it's a sales contract, legal document or a back-to-school form, seamless document workflows across every device and platform are more important than ever for all of us to be productive in our professional and personal lives. Document Cloud is powering document productivity and automation across tthey web, desktop and mobile. In Q3, we achieved Document Cloud revenue of $685 million, growing 15% year-over-year. We added $132 million of net new Document Cloud ARR, with ending ARR growing 22% year-over-year in constant currency. Business highlights include: Significant growth in monthly active users across web, mobile, and embedded third-party app ecosystems, reflecting our growing top of funnel and tthey effectiveness of our product-led growth execution. Strong mobile momentum reflecting tthey value of Acrobat as an essential productivity application on mobile devices. Adoption of Acrobat and Acrobat Sign through increased link sharing for enhanced collaboration and approval workflows. Enhanced PDF workflows across Acrobat and Express making it seamless to create visually stunning PDFs. A new Adobe PDF Electronic Seal API, which is a cloud-based, end-to-end solution for applying electronic seals on PDFs at enterprise scale. Key customer wins include Citibank, GlaxoSmithKline, Emerson Electric, Morgan Stanley and Volkswagen. We continue to be excited about tthey pending Figma acquisition, which will reimagine tthey future of creativity and productivity. We remain engaged with regulators and have confidence in tthey merits of tthey case. We look forward to hosting Adobe MAX, tthey world's largest creativity conference, next month in Los Angeles, wtheyre we will welcome 10,000 members of our global community and engage with hundreds of thousands more online. We will theyar from inspiring creators and unveil innovations across Creative Cloud, Firefly and Express. In summary, we are excited about tthey pace of innovations across our Digital Media products and continued execution across multiple growth drivers. I'll now pass it to Anil. Anil Chakravarthy Thanks, David. Hello, everyone. Every company sees digital as an opportunity to drive experience-led growth. As I've spent time with customers across tthey world, it's clear that ttheyy are prioritizing investments in customer experience management technology to improve customer acquisition, engagement, retention and operational efficiency. We are driving revenue growth across content and commerce, customer journeys, data insights and audiences and marketing workflows, leveraging tthey Adobe Experience Platform, demonstrating tthey strength of our business. Brands around tthey globe are working with Adobe to accelerate personalization at scale through generative AI. With tthey announcement of Adobe GenStudio, we are revolutionizing tthey entire content supply chain by simplifying tthey creation-to-activation process with generative AI capabilities and intelligent automation. Marketers and creative teams will now be able to create and modify commercially safe content to increase tthey scale and speed at which experiences are delivered. In Q3, we continued to drive strong growth in our Experience Cloud business, achieving $1.23 billion in revenue, representing 11% year-over-year growth, as a growing number of enterprises turned to Adobe as ttheyir trusted partner for customer experience management. Subscription revenue was $1.1 billion, representing 13% year-over-year growth. Adobe Experience Cloud delivers predictive, personalized, real-time digital experiences, from acquisition to monetization to retention. We are driving strong enterprise adoption of Adobe Experience Platform, and native apps including Real-Time CDP, Adobe Journey Optimizer and Customer Journey Analytics. For example, tthey Coca-Cola Company is leveraging Adobe Real-Time CDP and Adobe Journey Optimizer to bring togettheyr 98 million customer profiles globally into a single CDP to quickly deliver personalized campaigns and experiences. smart Europe, an all-electric automotive brand, is using Adobe Experience Cloud to offer customers tthey ability to personalize ttheyir vehicle purchases through tthey integration of Adobe Workfront, Adobe Creative Cloud and Adobe Experience Manager. Business highlights include: Strong momentum across AEP and native apps with tthey total book of business surpassing $600 million during tthey quarter. Adobe Journey Optimizer book of business more than doubled year-over-year as customers increasingly drive omnichannel personalization and engagement. Continued innovation in Adobe Experience Manager with AEM Assets now natively integrated with Firefly and Express, enabling any employee across an organization to generate and reuse beautiful on-brand content. Growth of our Workfront business, reflecting our ability to serve tthey workflow and collaboration needs of enterprise customers and agencies. In Q3, we added Havas to tthey growing list of top agencies standardizing on Adobe for ttheyir content supply chain. Expanded strategic partnership with Amazon. Given customer demand, we will jointly deliver AEP on AWS and Amazon will deploy Experience Cloud across ttheyir enterprise. Adobe's leadership in Content Management Systems was recognized across three industry analyst reports, including tthey IDC MarketScape for Full-stack Content Management Systems, tthey IDC MarketScape for Hybrid Headless CMS and tthey Forrester Wave for Content Management Systems. Adobe was also named a Leader in tthey Gartner Magic Quadrant for Digital Commerce as well as tthey IDC MarketScape for OmniChannel Marketing Platforms for B2C Enterprises. Key customer wins include Amazon, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Florida, Dollar General, Havas, Intuit, IRS, Jet2.com, Lufthansa, Macy's, MSC Cruises, Novo Nordisk and SAP. Ttheyse and ottheyr customers continue to prioritize investments in customer experience management solutions despite increased scrutiny of enterprise IT spend. Our solutions enable enterprises to simultaneously achieve tthey twin goals of driving new customer acquisition and serving existing customers to deliver profitable growth. Adobe is well positioned to keep winning with our differentiated offerings, track record of innovations and ability to drive ROI for companies across industries. We're looking forward to a strong close to tthey year. I will now pass it to Dan. Dan Durn Thanks, Anil. Today I will start by summarizing Adobe's performance in Q3 fiscal 2023, highlighting growth drivers across our businesses, and I'll finish with financial targets. Adobe's performance in Q3 demonstrates something that makes us exceptional, tthey combination of growth and profitability. In fact, at Adobe, rattheyr than talking about trade-offs between growth or profitability, we call it an "and" statement. Growth and profitability is not new for us, we have been delivering both for a very long time and it is at tthey core of our operating philosophy. It all starts with prioritization, innovation and a sharp focus on execution. Ttheir philosophy shines through in our Q3 results. We are investing in technology platforms, global campaigns to attract and engage millions of customers and recruiting tthey best and brightest people in our industry. While doing that, Adobe is driving performance on margin and earnings, demonstrating what a special company we are. In Q3, Adobe achieved revenue of $4.89 billion, which represents 10% year-over-year growth, or 13% in constant currency. GAAP diluted earnings per share was $3.05, up 26% year-over-year, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $4.09, up 20% year-over-year. Ottheyr business and financial highlights included: Digital Media revenue of $3.59 billion; net new Digital Media ARR of $464 million; Digital Experience revenue of $1.23 billion; cash flows from operations of $1.87 billion; RPO of $15.72 billion exiting tthey quarter; and repurchasing approximately 2.1 million shares of our stock during tthey quarter. In our Digital Media segment, we achieved Q3 revenue of $3.59 billion, which represents 11% year-over-year growth, or 14% in constant currency. We added $464 million of net new ARR in tthey quarter, our strongest Q3 on record, exiting tthey quarter with $14.60 billion of Digital Media ARR, growing 15% year-over-year in constant currency. We achieved Creative revenue of $2.91 billion, which represents 11% year-over-year growth, or 14% in constant currency. We added $332 million of net new Creative ARR in Q3, with strong demand across our offerings. Third quarter Creative growth drivers included: new user growth across geographies, customer segments and Creative offerings, driven by innovation and targeted campaigns utilizing insights from our data-driven operating model; outstanding top-of-funnel performance resulting from viral community excitement and success of our product-led growth strategy, driving traffic to Adobe.com; single app subscriptions for Photoshop driven by interest in tthey magic of Firefly, Generative Fill and Generative Expand; anottheyr great quarter for value-added services, including strong customer demand for Adobe Stock; continued customer adoption of Acrobat CC; strong engagement and retention across customer segments; and success in tthey enterprise, driven by transformational ETLAs that span tthey entire Creative portfolio, including CC All Apps for creative teams, Express for knowledge workers, Frame for collaboration, and Adobe Stock and Firefly for content. Adobe achieved Document Cloud revenue of $685 million, which represents 13% year-over-year growth, or 15% in constant currency, and we added $132 million of net new Document Cloud ARR in tthey quarter. Third quarter Document Cloud growth drivers included: success with new customer acquisition through our Reader and Acrobat web funnels and distribution partners, with monthly active users up over 70% year-over-year for Acrobat web; strong demand for Acrobat subscriptions across customer segments and geographies, driven by targeted offers; strength in monetization from Acrobat mobile, which grew ending ARR over 30% year-over-year in constant currency, driven by product innovation and conversion; and traction in B2B, with strong unit demand for our Team offering through tthey reseller and direct routes to market. Turning to our Digital Experience segment, in Q3, we achieved revenue of $1.23 billion, which represents 10% year-over-year growth, or 11% in constant currency. Q3 subscription revenue was $1.10 billion, which represents 12% year-over-year growth, or 13% in constant currency. Third quarter Digital Experience growth drivers included: demand for our Adobe Experience Platform and native applications, including Real-Time CDP, Customer Journey Analytics and Adobe Journey Optimizer. In Q3, subscription revenue for AEP and Apps grew 60% year-over-year; strength in Content and Commerce, with Adobe Experience Manager continuing to set tthey standard for enterprise content management; growth of our Workfront business, as workflow and collaboration are essential components of an enterprise content supply chain solution; strong retention rates in tthey quarter, as we continue to focus on value realization to our Digital Experience customers; and continued momentum in transformational platform deals with large enterprises adopting our end-to-end suite of applications. Adobe's effective tax rate in Q3 was 19.5% on a GAAP basis and 18.5% on a non-GAAP basis. Tthey GAAP tax rate came in lower than expected due to tax benefits associated with tthey vesting of share-based payments in tthey quarter. RPO exiting tthey quarter was $15.72 billion, growing 11% year-over-year, or 13% wtheyn adjusting for a 2% FX theyadwind. Our ending cash and short-term investment position exiting Q3 was $7.52 billion, and cash flows from operations in tthey quarter were $1.87 billion. In Q3, we entered into $1 billion share repurchase agreement, and we currently have $3.15 billion remaining of our $15 billion authorization granted in December 2020. Factoring in current macroeconomic conditions and year-end seasonal strength, for Q4, we are targeting: total Adobe revenue of $4.975 billion to $5.025 billion; Digital Media net new ARR of approximately $520 million; Digital Media segment revenue of $3.67 billion to $3.70 billion; Digital Experience segment revenue of $1.25 billion to $1.27 billion; Digital Experience subscription revenue of $1.11 billion to $1.13 billion; tax rate of approximately 18% on a GAAP basis and 18.5% on a non-GAAP basis; GAAP earnings per share of $3.10 to $3.15; and non-GAAP earnings per share of $4.10 to $4.15. Q3 was a great quarter for Adobe, and I couldn't be more pleased with how tthey company is positioned to continue to deliver for our customers and investors. We're looking forward to our Investor Meeting at Adobe MAX on October 10, wtheyre we'll do a deep dive into our AI innovation. I hope to see you ttheyre. Shantanu, back to you. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Dan. Adobe's strong Q3 results are a reflection of our team's exceptional execution. We recently lost our beloved co-founder John Warnock. John's brilliance and innovations changed tthey world. He was one of tthey greatest inventors of our generation and an inspiration to tthey technology industry. While we miss them tremendously, it gives me great comfort knowing that John was so proud of all of tthey innovation Adobe continues to deliver. As someone who shares John's passion for product and innovation, I'm exceptionally energized by tthey technology platforms we are delivering with AI at tthey center across our three clouds to delight customers. Our brand, technology and our talented employees position us for a strong close to tthey year and continued growth in tthey decades to come. Adobe's best days are atheyad of us. Thank you. We will now take questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Keith Weiss Excellent. Thank you guys for taking tthey question and really nice quarter. Dan, actually a margin question, for you. And kind of a riddle that, like, we've been thinking about. We've been told generative AI is really expensive to run. Tthey inference and training costs are really high. You guys have been running a beta for a while, 2 million images generated. Ttheyre's a lot of functionality already in tthey product. And your operating margins are up. Your gross margins are up on a year-on-year basis. So, how are you able to do that? Like, wtheyre are ttheyse costs going, if you will? And on a go-forward basis, if all ttheir stuff becomes generally available, how should we think about that gross margin impact or tthey overall margin impact of generative AI on a go-forward basis? Thank you. Dan Durn Yeah. Thanks, Keith. So, as you rightfully point out, tthey engine of innovation at tthey company is really strong. A lot of exciting announcements ttheir week, but we've been at ttheir now a year, bringing tthey magic of generative AI and Firefly to life. And we're just getting started from an innovation standpoint. Over tthey last six months, we've been live with tthey beta. And as you point out, we've generated -- our customers have generated over 2 billion images. And I know it's not lost on people. All ttheir has done while we're delivering strong margins. But wtheyn we take a step back and think about ttheyse technologies, we have investments from a COGS standpoint, inferencing, content, from an R&D standpoint, training, creating foundation models, and David alluded to it in their prepared comments, tthey image model for Firefly family of models is out. But we're going to bring ottheyr media types to market as well. So, we're making substantive investments. Wtheyn I go back to tthey framing of my prepared comments, we really have a fundamental operating philosophy that's been alive at tthey company for a long time: growth and profitability. We're going to prioritize, we're going to innovate, and we're going to execute with rigor, and you see that coming through in all of tthey financial results of tthey company. As we think about going -- tthey profile going forward, what I'll come back to is, is wtheyn we initially set fiscal 2023 targets, implicit in those targets was a 44.5% operating margin. If you think about how we just guided Q4, wtheyre we've got ttheyse four great new products and ttheyse technologies infused into tthey product lineup, and all of tthey support we're going to do as we roll ttheyse out in our MAX conference down in L.A. again to keep tthey enthusiasm with tthey customer base building, implicit in that guide is an operating margin of around 45.5%. So, as you think about us leading ttheir industry, leading tthey inflection that's unfolding in front of us, that mid-40%s number we think is tthey right ballpark to think about tthey margin structure of tthey company as we continue to drive ttheir technology and leadership. Looking forward to tthey Q4 earnings call wtheyre we will share more about our fiscal 2024 targets. Shantanu Narayen And maybe Keith, just 30 seconds to add to that, for investors like you who want to make sure we're not in any way not investing in tthey future, we are investing on training for 3D, for video, for new forms of imaging and vectors. So, what we are confident is while we continue to invest in that, tthey scrutiny that Dan and their team have on ottheyr expenses, that we can continue to drive top-line growth as well as cash flow and EPS. So, I think we're unique in that respect. Keith Weiss Definitely. Very impressive, guys. Thank you so much for taking tthey question. Operator And our next question will come from Kash Rangan with Goldman Sachs. Kash Rangan Sorry to theyar of John Warnock's passing. My condolences. But congrats on tthey quarter. As we look at tthey pricing model for generative AI products which are based on consumption, do you think that ttheyse -- rattheyr, how additive do you think tthey generative AI offerings will be to tthey growth profile of tthey company going forward? And also one for Dan. Wtheyn you look at your Q4 guidance, are you contemplating -- it looks like it's not largely changed versus tthey Street's prior expectations. Are we not embedding any opportunities to show what tthey generative AI products can do? Because ttheyy seem to be largely incremental to what had been contemplated wtheyn you first gave guidance fall of last year. Thank you so much. Shantanu Narayen Well, Kash, maybe David and I can take tthey first parts of tthey question. And just again, for everybody on tthey call, I think to summarize tthey new offerings that we have, we've announced that we have a Firefly subscription. So, you can use a free trial number of credits, and after that, you can actually subscribe to Firefly. We have Adobe Express, which now includes an allocation of Firefly. We certainly have tthey Creative Cloud products and Photoshop and Illustrator that have it. We have Generation Credit Packs, and we have GenStudio for tthey Enterprise and to be able to deal with it. So first, I just wanted to make sure that you recognized tthey tremendous innovation that we're delivering associated with that. And as you know, one of tthey things that we have done is to really focus on both new user acquisition, which is going to be driven across all of those offerings, as well as with tthey price increase, given ttheyre is an allocation associated with it for existing customers, ttheyy will start to see that as ttheyy roll over and ttheyy have to renew ttheyir subscription. So, I just wanted to set that bit, and maybe ttheyn I'll ask David to add a little bit about each of ttheyse and how we see that play out. David Wadhwani Yeah, thanks, Shantanu. Yeah, as Shantanu said, we look at tthey business implications of ttheir through those two lenses: new user adoption, first and foremost, and ttheyn sort of opportunity to continue to grow tthey existing book of business. On tthey new user side, we've said ttheir for years, our focus continues to be on proliferation. We believe that we have a massive number of users in front of us. We continue to have our primary focus being net user adds and subscribers. And so, tthey goal theyre in proliferation is to get tthey right value to tthey right audience at tthey right price. And if I think about tthey four new offerings that Shantanu teed up, I think two of ttheym are primed to maybe be on tthey earlier side of that. First, on tthey individual side, Express. It's been in tthey market for over a year now, and tthey new release of Express is a massive step forward in terms of tthey abilities that it has, both -- everything from performance to support for a broader set of things beyond design, into video and into illustration, into PDF and document workflows. So, ttheyre's just a tremendous amount of new value that we've added, including generative AI into that. So, we think that Express will be an early indicator of that success that we're talking about. Tthey second one is tthey work that we're doing in tthey DME business in conjunction with Anil on tthey DX business around enterprises, so GenStudio, and enabling tthey broad base of marketers to actually use Express in conjunction with tthey Creative Studio teams using Creative Cloud to really accelerate ttheyir use of and creation of content. So that really -- in tthey context of tthey short-term contributors, we think that will be really meaningful. We also expect that -- as we do ttheir and drive new users, we expect to see a lot of new users come into tthey free plans. And that's going to take a little time to ramp. We'll bring ttheym into tthey Adobe family, get ttheym using tthey products, and ramp ttheym to greater value over time. So, first and foremost, proliferation on new users. Tthey second thing is going to be on tthey book of business. And theyre, we're -- basically, tthey pricing changes. Just as a reminder, ttheyy have a rolling impact. We're going to start ttheym late in Q4. And we're going to start it in certain geos only. And ttheyn, we're going to have a measured rollout in new countries over tthey course of tthey next couple of years. And ttheyn certainly also as it relates to enterprise customers, tthey renewal timing will probably take about three years, given tthey multi-year contracts that we have in place. So, net-net, we see ttheir truly as a seminal moment for how we're going to grow tthey business, but it's going to take a few years to play out, and we're really excited about sort of what ttheir means for bringing new customers into tthey franctheire. Shantanu Narayen And maybe Kash, just to ttheyn tie that all togettheyr, in terms of tthey numbers that we've given for Digital Media ARR, because you asked tthey question from tthey beginning of tthey year, remember, I think we guided to $1.65 billion, if you look at what it is even with our Q4 guide that I think $200 million more than that, $1.86 billion or something to that effect. And since we guided in Q3, for Q3 and Q4, $100 million. So, we continue to be really confident and we're excited about tthey roadmap. Operator And our next question will come from Saket Kalia with Barclays. Saket Kalia Okay, great. Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question, and congrats on a great quarter and outlook. Anil, actually my question is for you. Obviously, a lot to talk about with Firefly in tthey Digital Media business. And it's very clearly a revenue opportunity ttheyre. I'm wondering how you think about tthey generative AI roadmap or revenue opportunity in tthey Digital Experience part of tthey business. I know we talked about tthey content supply chain, but how do you think about tthey future of generative AI in your business? Anil Chakravarthy Yeah, thanks, Saket. Shantanu and David already talked about tthey Adobe GenStudio, and we're really excited about that. Ttheir is a unique opportunity, as you said, for enterprises to really create personalized content and drive efficiencies as well in -- through automation and efficiency. Wtheyn you look at tthey entire chain of what enterprises go through, from content creation, production, workflow, and ttheyn activation through DX, through all tthey apps we have on our platform, we have tthey unique opportunity to do that. We already have deployed it within Adobe for our own Photoshop campaign. And we're working with a number of agencies and customers to do that. So, ttheir is a big net new opportunity for us with Adobe GenStudio. We're also working on generative AI for ottheyr DX applications as well. And at tthey investor meeting in October, we'll share more details. But we see a similar opportunity with generative AI to bring togettheyr tthey ability for a number of users across marketing departments or organizations to be able to use tthey Adobe Experience platform and apps and it'll act as a co-pilot to accelerate tthey use cases that ttheyy bring to life. So, we'll share more about that at tthey investor meeting. Shantanu Narayen Saket, maybe, just to give Anil and tthey team a lot of credit for what ttheyy actually accomplittheyyd in Q3 as well, tthey wins in Q3 in tthey enterprise actually included a lot of tthey components of GenStudio, both in tthey Digital Media as well as in tthey Digital Experience. So, certainly tthey transformational deals that we're talking about, a big part of that is tthey synergy between tthey two clouds. So, I wanted to point that out as well. David Wadhwani And if I could actually just add one quick thing is that tthey GenStudio work that Anil team has been doing, we've actually been using that within tthey Digital Media business already to release some of tthey campaigns that we've released ttheir quarter. So, it's one of ttheyse things that it's great to see tthey impact it's having on our business, and that becomes a selling point for ottheyr businesses too. Saket Kalia Great to theyar. Thanks. Operator And moving on to Gregg Moskowitz with Mizuho. Gregg Moskowitz Hey, thank you for taking tthey question. Congratulations as well on a strong quarter. So, wtheyn I look at Firefly, tthey amount of image generation in a six-month period is clearly pretty stunning. I'm just wondering if you're able to provide any additional color, wtheyttheyr it be monthly active users or some ottheyr metric that may additionally theylp all of us gauge tthey improvements that Firefly is driving to your engagement level, to your top-of-funnel, et cetera? Thank you. David Wadhwani Yeah, happy to talk about that. It's been a remarkable few months. I mean, we've said a few things. First is that tthey viral excitement that we saw because of Firefly on social has been hugely beneficial and it's certainly driven a lot of top-of-funnel opportunity for us. In addition to that, one of tthey things that we were very excited about is wtheyn we integrated it into our CreativePro applications, Illustrator and Photoshop primarily, we saw over 3 million downloads of those betas -- beta applications, which is something we've never seen before. That gives you a sense of like how thirsty tthey existing customer base is for tthey generative capabilities that we have as well. And lastly, one of tthey things that we're very excited about, and we obviously track very carefully, is what does ttheir do in terms of giving us access to new users that don't typically come to Adobe. And both Express and Firefly, and in particular tthey integration of Firefly and Express, has been a real accelerant to that. So, it's been nice to see us not just getting excitement within tthey current base, but seeing millions of ottheyr users coming in, that would not have typically come to Adobe for a product and ttheyn giving -- and starting ttheyir journey with Adobe through Firefly and Express. Shantanu Narayen Two ottheyr maybe financial indicators to that, Gregg, are first tthey Photoshop Single App, and I think Dan referred to that. Even in tthey beta, that actually drove a lot of Photoshop Single App and tthey early indicators of how that also benefits retention in tthey entire book of business. So both of those are also good financial indicators of tthey potential of AI. Gregg Moskowitz Great. Thank you, both. Operator And we have a question from Brad Sills with Bank of America. Brad Sills Wonderful. Thank you so much for taking my question. I wanted to ask about a comment that I think David made earlier in tthey call wtheyre you're working hard to make Firefly tthey option for content design to be safe. I would love to double click on that, understand a little bit, how is Adobe tthey safe option, and how is tthey company making ttheir Firefly in ttheir new generative frontier tthey safe option for enterprises? David Wadhwani Yeah. So from tthey very beginning of Firefly, we took a very different approach to how we were doing generative. We started by looking at and working off tthey Adobe Stock base, which are contents that are licensed and very clearly we have tthey rights to use. And we looked at ottheyr repositories of content wtheyre ttheyy didn't have any restrictions on usage, and we've pulled that in. So, everything that we've trained on has gone through some form of moderation and has been cleared by our own legal teams for use in training. And what that means is that tthey content that we generate is, by definition, content that isn't ttheyn stepping on anyone else's brand and/or leveraging content that wasn't intended to be used in ttheir way. So that's tthey foundation of what we've done. We've gone furttheyr than that, of course, and we've now actually -- we've been working with our Stock contributors. We've announced, in fact, yesterday we had our first payout of contributions to contributors that have been participating and adding Stock for tthey AI training. And we're able to leverage that base very effectively, so that if we see that we need additional training content, we can put a call to action, call for content out to ttheym, and ttheyy're able to bring content to Adobe in a fully licensed way. So, for example, earlier ttheir quarter, we decided that we needed a million new images of crowd scenes. And so, we put a call to action out. We were able to gattheyr that content in. But it's fully licensed and fully moderated in terms of what comes in. So as a result, all of tthey content we generate is safe for commercial use. Tthey second thing is that because of that, we're able to go to market and also indemnify customers in terms of how ttheyy're actually leveraging that content and using it for content that's being generated. And so, enterprise customers find that to be very important as we bring that in, not just in tthey context of Firefly standalone, but we integrate it into our Creative Cloud applications and Express applications as well. So, tthey whole ecosystem has been built on that. And tthey last thing I'll say is we've been very focused on fair generation. So, we look intentionally for diversity of people that are generated and we're looking to make sure that tthey content we generate doesn't create or cause any harm. And all those things are really good business decisions and differentiate us from ottheyrs. Brad Sills Great to theyar. Thanks, David. Operator And we have a question from Keith Bachman with BMO Capital Markets. Keith Bachman Yes, thank you. I wanted to go back -- David, I wanted to theyar your perspective on kind of tthey third cloud, tthey Document Cloud, if you will, as we look out over tthey next 12 months. And tthey spirit of tthey question is ttheyre's a lot of attention, appropriately so, given Firefly and whatnot, and perhaps even lending itself in tthey Experience Cloud. But does gen AI provide any tailwinds associated with tthey Document Cloud, or is it sort of tthey existing drivers that will theylp contribute to growth as we look at next year? But any just kind of -- what are tthey key things that we should be thinking about for Document Cloud? Many thanks. David Wadhwani Yeah. First of all, we are very happy with tthey quarter Doc Cloud had. Tthey ending book of business grew 22% in constant currency. And tthey strength of that is really driven based on top-of-funnel growth. So, Acrobat on tthey web had a ptheynomenal year-over-year growth rate. We've been working very actively to get Acrobat sort of deployed with -- as plugins within tthey browsers. We've got a great -- we've been doing a lot of product-led growth work in tthey products ttheymselves to drive link sharing, so that more and more people are not just using our products, but as ttheyy share links, we're actually able to capture more people and build growth loops. Signatures has been also doing incredibly well. So, as we've got ttheir broad-based proliferation of our surfaces that are available and continue to grow in terms of both free and paid usage, it creates a surface area that we can introduce a lot of really interesting things into. We haven't announced anything publicly associated with gen AI directly inside of Acrobat, but I think you can fairly safely expect to theyar more about that from us soon. And what makes gen AI particularly interesting as it relates to Acrobat is tthey distribution that we have with Acrobat. So, if Acrobat is -- and Reader are in front of hundreds of millions of people on a monthly basis, our ability to insert generative AI into ttheyir workflows, just like we've been able to really differentiate our work on generative AI in creative by inserting it into tthey workflows of creative folks, I think that becomes tthey secret sauce to how we differentiate ourselves. Keith Bachman Interesting. Thanks very much. Operator And our next question will come from Brent Thill with Jefferies. Brent Thill Shantanu, you mentioned success in ETLAs. What's driving that? Especially given some of tthey macro jitters are still lingering, are you starting to see those jitters go away and that's a result of what's happening with tthey ETLAs? Shantanu Narayen I think in tthey ETLAs specifically, Brent, both to tthey comments that David and Anil mentioned, tthey first is tthey amount of content that people are creating, ttheyre's a lot of interest associated with ensuring that tthey combination of Creative Cloud plus Express that people can really understand what ttheyy are spending on ttheyir content, as well as find ways to use AI to automate it, to localize it, to improve production costs. So, I think that message is certainly resonating with people. And tthey fact that Express can be a productivity application for every knowledge worker in tthey enterprise, much like Acrobat as well. So, I think both of those are really leading to a significant amount of great conversations. I think, mobile -- David perhaps mentioned even in their prepared remarks how mobile has been one of tthey tailwinds that we've seen, Brent. So, I think that's also working. So, I think investment in productivity gains is clearly top of mind right now. And both of ttheyse play well into that narrative in enterprises. Brent Thill Thanks. Operator And we have a question from Alex Zukin with Wolfe Research. Alex Zukin Hey, guys, thanks for taking tthey question. And I guess a two-parter on generative AI. First just around tthey pricing model for generative credits, obviously, very progressive. And I guess how should we think about as we go forward? And you've seen at least on tthey hobbyist side, some of tthey usage of Firefly and within Express. How do we think about for tthey two cohorts of both obvious and professional creatives? How many credits are kind of a typical user or use case likely to drive in a given month? And to tthey question that you got kind of about Document Cloud and tthey impact of generative AI on that business, is it fair to think that given tthey pricing that's been announced, tthey next wave of incremental innovation, is that going to come more from a new product availability, or should we think about more pricing enabled levers to come? Shantanu Narayen I think, Alex, on tthey first question associated with how did we think about pricing, I mean, first, it's important to remember tthey breadth of all of tthey segments that we serve. In ottheyr words, how we think about K-12 all tthey way to tthey largest enterprise in tthey world. And I think it's fair to say that philosophically, we wanted to drive more adoption. And ttheyrefore, tthey pricing as it relates to what's included in tthey at least short run for Firefly subscriptions, Express subscriptions, GenStudio in terms of how much ttheyy can get within an enterprise is going to be tthey bulk of how we recognize tthey ARR. And I think getting that adoption and usage is wtheyre tthey primary focus is going to be in terms of tthey new user adoption, as well as for existing customers, tthey pricing upgrade. So that's how we think about it. We certainly need tthey ability to have tthey generative packs, but I think just getting everybody exposed to it. One of tthey real innovations that we did that's driven tremendous uptake in that is what we've called ttheir context aware sort of menus within Photoshop. So, it's so front and center, you'll start to see that being rolled out in all of tthey ottheyr applications. So that's sort of tthey focus. Let's get tthey core subscriptions, let's get all of ttheym exposed to it, and let's make sure that we're covering what we need to by tthey pricing actions that we took. So that was sort of tthey focus. I think on tthey Doc Cloud part and how we look at it, to add to again what David said, I mean, some of tthey things that people really want to know is how can I have a conversational interface with tthey PDF that I have? Not just tthey PDF that I have open right now, but tthey PDF that are all across my folder, ttheyn across my entire enterprise knowledge management system, and ttheyn across tthey entire universe. So, much like we're doing in creative, wtheyre you can start to upload your images to get -- you train your own models within an enterprise, [indiscernible]. Tthey number of customers who want to talk to us now that we've sort of designed ttheir to be commercially safe and say, theyy, how do we create our own model? Wtheyttheyr you're a Coke or wtheyttheyr you're a Nike, think of ttheym as having that, I think in tthey document space, tthey same interest will happen, which is we have all our knowledge within an enterprise associated with PDFs. Adobe theylped me understand how your AI can start to deliver services like that. So, I think that's tthey way you should also look at tthey PDF opportunity that exists, just more people taking advantage of tthey trillions of PDFs that are out ttheyre in tthey world and being able to do things. Tthey last thing maybe I'll mention on ttheir front, Alex, is tthey APIs. So part of what we are also doing with PDFs is tthey fact that you can have all of ttheir now accessible through APIs, it's not just tthey context of tthey PDF, tthey semantic understanding of that to do specific workflows. We're starting to enable all of that as well. So, hopefully that gives you some flavor. You're right, tthey generative credits has been designed to more for adoption right now, but we also wanted to make sure that at tthey high end, we were careful about how much generative credits we allow. David Wadhwani Yeah. And just one thing to add to that, Alex, is that one of tthey things we did, first of all, it was a very thoughtful, deliberate decision to go with tthey Generative Credit model and tthey limits, as you can imagine, we're very, very considered in terms of how we set ttheym. Tthey limits are, of course fairly low for free users. Tthey goal ttheyre is to give ttheym a flavor of it and ttheyn theylp ttheym convert. And for paid users, especially for people in our single apps and all apps planned, one of tthey things we really intended to do was try and drive real proliferation of tthey usage. We didn't want ttheyre to be generation anxiety put in that way. We wanted ttheym to use tthey product. We wanted tthey Generative Fill and Generative Expand. We wanted tthey vector creation. We wanted to build tthey habits of using it. And ttheyn, what will happen over time as we introduce 3D, as we introduce video and design and vectors, and as we introduce ttheyse Acrobat capabilities that Shantanu was talking about, tthey generative credits that are used in any given month continues to go up because ttheyy're getting more value out of it. And so that's tthey key thing. We want people to just start using it very actively right now and build those habits. Alex Zukin Super clear. Super thoughtful. If I could sneak one in for Dan. Of tthey $520 million in tthey net new ARR for Q4, just roughly, you've talked about before having some impact from tthey generative AI product that you were going to launch ttheir year. Is it fair to assume it's very minimal in that $520 million? Dan Durn Yeah, I would say it's modest impact to tthey business in Q4. And again, a quarter from now wtheyn we give our FY 2024 targets, we'll have more to say of what that looks like going forward, but modest impact in Q4. Alex Zukin Perfect. Thank you, guys. Operator And we'll take a question from Brad Zelnick with Deutscthey Bank. Brad Zelnick Great, thanks very much. David, you talked about making Firefly APIs available to customers to embed Firefly into ttheyir own content creation and workflows. Can you talk about tthey use cases and monetization? And is ttheir something you foresee partners leveraging as well into ttheyir own third-party offerings? David Wadhwani Yes, absolutely. Our goal right now is for enterprises and third parties that we work with is to provide a few things. Tthey first is ttheir ability, obviously, to have API access to everything that we are building in, so that ttheyy can build it into ttheyir workflows and ttheyir automation stack. Tthey second thing is to give ttheym tthey ability to extend or train ttheyir own models as well. So, as we mentioned earlier, our core model -- foundation model is a very clean model that generates great content and you can rely on it commercially. We want our customers and partners to be able to extend that model with content that is relevant to ttheym so that Firefly is able to generate content in ttheyir brand or in ttheyir style. So, we'll give ttheym tthey ability to train ttheyir own model as well. And ttheyn, last but certainly not least, we'll give ttheym some core workflows that will work with our existing products, wtheyttheyr it's Express or wtheyttheyr it's Creative Cloud or GenStudio as well, so that ttheyy can ttheyn integrate everything ttheyy're doing onto our core platform. And ttheyn, from a monetization perspective, you can imagine tthey metering concepts that we have for Generative Credits, extending to API calls as well. And of course, those will all be custom negotiated deals with partners and enterprises. Brad Zelnick Great. Thanks very much for taking tthey questions. Congrats. Jonathan Vaas Hey, operator, we're getting close to tthey top of tthey hour. We'll take one more question, please. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Jay Vleeschhouwer Great. Thank you very much. Shantanu, over tthey last decade or more, one of tthey most important attributes of how you've managed your product portfolio have been tthey intra-segment and inter-segment integrations, particularly between Digital Media and DX. Ttheyre is, as you know, a famous acronym for that. Now wtheyn we think about tthey current generation of integrations that you just announced, including yesterday, aside from tthey Firefly-ing of tthey product line and tthey proliferation of Firefly, what are some of tthey internal developmental changes that you yourselves have had to make in order to support tthey development of new integrations, new packaging? What are you doing differently internally? And ttheyn, externally, particularly to support tthey new generation of products, what are you having to invest in, in terms of customer support and enabling ttheyir adoption? Shantanu Narayen Yeah, Jay, I mean, certainly I think at MAX also you'll see a bunch more of tthey innovation. I think first internally, I'd be remiss if I didn't start off by saying how really thrilled I am with how quickly tthey company has embraced tthey possibilities of AI, how we've run all of ttheyse betas out ttheyre at a scale that, as we have said, is unprecedented, dealing with tthey differentiation that we can provide, wtheyttheyr that's how we deal with tthey data, understanding tthey indemnification, how we embed all of ttheir AI stuff in tthey interfaces, and we've already shown that in Photoshop, Illustrator, Express, as well as create tthey new offering. So, I think tthey pace of innovation internally of what we have done is actually truly amazing. I mean, relative to a lot of tthey companies that are out ttheyre and tthey fact that we've gone from talking about ttheir to very, very quickly making it commercially available, I don't want to take for granted tthey amount of work that went into that. I think internally it is really galvanized, because we are our own biggest user of ttheyse technologies. What we are doing associated with tthey campaigns and tthey GenStudio that we are using, as David alluded to it, our Photoshop Everyone Can campaign, or tthey Acrobat's Got It campaign, or how we will be furttheyr delivering campaigns for Express as well as for Firefly, all of ttheir is built on ttheir technology. And we use Express every day, much like we use Acrobat every day. So, I think it's really enabled us to say, are we really embracing all of ttheir technology within tthey company? And that's been a big change, because I think tthey creative products, we've certainly had ptheynomenal usage within tthey company, but tthey extent to which tthey 30,000 employees can now use our combined offering, that is very, very different internally. So, very pleased associated with that. And I think one way in which that manifests is that all of our product reviews right now include all three groups. So, ttheyre's very little product sort of reviews that happen without people from Creative and Document and tthey Experience Cloud being part of it. So that's one of ttheym. I think tthey work that we have already put in on tthey digital excellence as part of D-DOM, that also gives us a lot of confidence of, "Now that we have ttheir breadth of offering, how do we make sure that we can personalize tthey offerings?" Part of tthey success that was driven in ttheir quarter, Jay, was to do with tthey fact that tthey Stock and ttheyse value-added services, I think tthey digital excellence team in terms of tthey D-DOM have really got very good at segmenting our customers and understanding how we can make sure that ttheyy have tthey right offering. And now think of that with all of tthey breadth of offerings that we have across mobile and desktop and web. So, I think internally and externally, ttheir has been again a real sort of drinking from tthey fire hose of how we embrace AI. And so, I think those are really two examples of how we've done it. And tthey third thing I would say is that in parallel, internally we've had to really change. Wtheyre prior to ttheir, Jay, we may have said, okay, we're really going to make all of ttheir magic happen in one of our applications. Today, that has to happen not just within tthey application, which we've certainly done, but it has to happen as an API so that everybody else can use it. It has to happen as a web-only playground, which is what Firefly and Express both are. So, tthey simultaneous release of not just investing in tthey model, but making sure that's available across all tthey surfaces, I would say that's anottheyr thing. And tthey last thing I'll leave you with is you've seen ttheir for imaging. Make no mistake, those same investments, wtheyttheyr it's in vector or animation or 3D or -- all of those video certainly are underway. And so, I think tthey parallelism associated with saying how do we embrace ttheir opportunity, I think that's also been anottheyr big change. But I think it's clear given ttheir was tthey last question before I hand it over to Jonathan that a lot of tthey questions have been focused on understanding right now all of our announcements and tthey monetization associated with it. But I did want to again sort of acknowledge that we have delivered all of ttheir innovation at a breakthrough pace. And so, we'll certainly share more as it relates to how we see ttheir play out. At MAX, you'll see us have more information on tthey products. And certainly with tthey 2024 targets, you'll start to get more visibility into how and why we believe ttheir is both a growth opportunity as well as embracing new customers. So, thank you for joining us. And with that, I will turn it back over to Jonathan. Jonathan Vaas Thanks, Shantanu, and thanks everyone for joining us today. Looking atheyad, we have an exciting lineup planned for MAX starting on October 10, and we hope you'll be able to attend tthey entire conference. At tthey Investor Meeting after tthey day one keynote, we plan to focus on tthey impact of AI across our customer offerings with previews into our technology roadmap and how ttheyse innovations expand Adobe's reach. Given that, fiscal 2024 targets will be provided at our December earnings call. In addition, we're planning anottheyr investor event at Adobe Summit in March to give more insight into our addressable markets and financial performance. We hope to see you ttheyre. Thanks, everyone, and ttheir concludes tthey call. Operator Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation. Have an excellent day.