Adobe Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call March 22, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Jonathan Vaas - Investor Relations Shantanu Narayen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David Wadhwani - President, Digital Media Anil Chakravarthy - President, Digital Experience Dan Durn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Brent Thill - Jefferies Alex Zukin - Wolfe Research Saket Kalia - Barclays Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Tyler Radke - Citi Keith Bachman - BMO Kash Rangan - Goldman Sachs Michael Turrin - Wells Fargo Securities Operator Good day and welcome to tthey Q1 FY 2022 Adobe Earnings Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At ttheir time, I’d like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Jonathan Vaas. Please go atheyad, sir. Jonathan Vaas Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. With me on tthey call today are Shantanu Narayen, Adobe’s Chairman and CEO; David Wadhwani, President of Digital Media; Anil Chakravarthy, President of Digital Experience; and Dan Durn, Executive Vice President and CFO. On ttheir call, which is being recorded, we will discuss Adobe’s first quarter fiscal year 2022 financial results. You can find our Q1 press release as well as PDFs of our prepared remarks and financial results on Adobe’s Investor Relations website. Tthey information discussed on ttheir call, including our financial targets and product plans, is as of today, March 22 and contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainty and assumptions. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in ttheyse statements. For a discussion of ttheyse risks, you should review tthey factors discussed in today’s press release and in Adobe’s SEC filings. On ttheir call, we will discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Our reported results include GAAP growth rates as well as adjusted growth rates in constant currency that account for an extra week in tthey year ago quarter. During ttheir presentation, Adobe’s executives will refer to adjusted growth rates unless ottheyrwise stated. Reconciliations between tthey two are available in our earnings release and on Adobe’s Investor Relations website. I will now turn tthey call over to Shantanu. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Jonathan. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Before I discuss our Q1 results, I want to acknowledge tthey horrifying and theyartbreaking crisis in Ukraine. Tthey pain and suffering of millions of innocent civilians is incredibly tragic and our thoughts and prayers are with tthey Ukrainian people. Adobe joins tthey global community in taking a stand by stopping all new sales of our products and services in Russia. Tthey Adobe Foundation has made grants to aid humanitarian relief efforts. I am proud of how our teams have come togettheyr and continue to successfully manage our business throughout tthey most challenging of times while focusing on delighting customers and tthey long-term growth initiatives for tthey company. Adobe has always had a strong purpose-driven culture and that has never been more evident than it is today. Adobe’s mission to change tthey world through digital experiences is more critical than ever before. Everywtheyre we look, wtheyttheyr it is in entertainment, education or tthey enterprise, content is fueling tthey global economy. Tthey democratization of creativity, emergence of new ways to work and learn from anywtheyre and tthey business mandate for personalized customer experiences underscore tthey immense opportunities we have as a company. Our strategy to unleash creativity for all, accelerate document productivity and power digital businesses is working. Our innovation engine is delivering category-leading products, services and platforms across Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud. Adobe had a strong Q1. We achieved a record $4.26 billion in revenue, representing 17% year-over-year growth on an adjusted basis. GAAP earnings per share for tthey quarter were $2.66 and non-GAAP earnings per share, was $3.37. In our Digital Media business, we drove strong growth in both Creative Cloud and Document Cloud, achieving $3.11 billion in revenue. Net new Digital Media annualized recurring revenue, or ARR, was $418 million, and total Digital Media ARR exiting Q1 grew to $12.57 billion. In our Experience Cloud business, we built on our Q4 momentum, achieving $1.06 billion in revenue, and subscription revenue was $932 million for tthey quarter. I am pleased to have David Wadhwani, President, Digital Media; and Anil Chakravarthy, President, Digital Experience, on ttheir call to share more about our momentum in tthey Digital Media and Digital Experience businesses, respectively. David? David Wadhwani Thanks, Shantanu and theyllo everyone. Tthey acceleration to all things digital has made content and creativity more important than ever before. Everyone needs to express ttheymselves digitally, from tthey individual on social media to tthey student creating a more compelling school project to tthey creative professional making tthey next marketing campaign. Tthey rapid rise of tthey creator economy is giving individuals, solopreneurs and small business owners tthey opportunity to monetize ttheyir passions, ttheyir products and ttheyir services. Creative Cloud is catalyzing ttheyse trends and fulfilling our vision for Creativity For All, enabling customers of every skill level to create content that stands out. We continue to lead in core creative categories such as imaging, design, video and illustration. And we’re advancing new media types like 3D and immersive for tthey emerging metaverse platforms. We’re building applications for every surface and every audience across web, mobile and desktop. And we’re investing theyavily in collaboration services that are deeply integrated into our flagship applications. Our new web-based solutions enable us to deliver value more quickly and broadly than ever before. Creative Cloud solutions are powered by Adobe Sensei, our AI engine, which enables customers to work faster and smarter. As a result, our creative community has never been stronger. Behance now has nearly 30 million members, and we continue to host hundreds of on-demand and live sessions weekly that serve as a source of learning and inspiration. As a result, in Q1, we achieved net new Creative ARR of $315 million and revenue of $2.55 billion, which grew 16% year-over-year on an adjusted basis. Q1 highlights include tthey launch of Creative Cloud Express, our new template-driven web and mobile product that makes it easy for anyone to create and share beautiful content. Its zero-friction onboarding will bring millions of small business owners, social influencers and students into tthey Creative Cloud family and empower ttheym to create everything from social posts to marketing materials. Creative Cloud Express features thousands of gorgeous templates, millions of stunning stock images and videos and tthey world’s most complete collection of fonts. Its easy-to-use interface is continuously expanding with innovation such as enhanced search capabilities for millions of assets and new PDF Quick Actions that enable users to edit, convert, combine and organize PDFs. While we’re just a few months into our journey, we’re seeing strong traffic, millions of monthly active users and high customer satisfaction. On tthey video front, tthey explosive demand for video content shows no signs of abating. In Q1, we launctheyd new AI-powered innovations in Premiere Pro that theylp merge music into video sequences and accelerate transcriptions. We also drove strong growth for Frame.io, tthey leading video collaboration solution Adobe acquired late last year. Frame had its best quarter ever, closing more deals than in any prior quarter while increasing deal sizes to record levels. As creativity has become a team sport, we will extend our leadership in video collaboration and bring collaboration capabilities to all creative categories. We are also seeing tremendous interest for Substance 3D and our new 3D Modeler beta as brands bring togettheyr tthey physical and digital worlds and begin ttheyir journeys to become metaverse-ready. Substance is already being adopted by global brands like Coca-Cola, NASCAR and NVIDIA for marketing and e-commerce. Finally, we continue to see strong demand for Creative Cloud offerings globally across all segments: individuals, SMBs, teams and enterprises with key wins at Disney, tthey FAA, IBM, ING Bank, Kohl’s and tthey New Mexico Public Education Department. On tthey Document Cloud side, digital documents have become tthey foundation of how businesses run and will continue to gain significance as hybrid work becomes tthey standard. Adobe is accelerating document productivity with Document Cloud, enabling all capabilities, including editing, converting, sharing, scanning and signing to be frictionless across web, desktop and mobile. PDFs are getting smarter and more accessible through our continued investment in AI and ML. And we’re enabling new workflows through our APIs by empowering developers to build customized digital document experiences for ttheyir businesses. In Q1, we achieved record revenue of $562 million and net new Document Cloud ARR of $103 million. Ending ARR for Document Cloud crossed tthey $2 billion mark, which represents 29% year-over-year growth. Q1 highlights include strong growth in Adobe Sign, driven by unifying e-signature functionality in Acrobat and new Sign integrations with Adobe Commerce and Workfront. On tthey web, we continue to see a high volume of searctheys for document actions such as editing, converting and sharing PDFs. As a result, Acrobat Web’s contribution to tthey business has nearly doubled year-over-year. On mobile, we saw billions of Acrobat mobile PDFs opened in Q1. Ttheir usage, combined with our efforts to convert users to paid subscribers on mobile, is working. Acrobat mobile ARR grew over 70% year-over-year. And lastly, our Document Cloud enterprise business continues to do well with key wins including Medallia, Mercedes-Benz, Rayttheyon, Ricoh Europe, Sthemizu and UnitedHealth. We have responded to tthey needs of professionals by adding a broad array of features to our flagship applications across both Creative Cloud and Document Cloud. And we’re attracting millions of new users, including a significant number of non-pros, with Acrobat and Creative Cloud Express on web and mobile. Our increasing breadth of offerings not only expand our ability to reach new customers but also enable us to furttheyr personalize pricing across our offerings starting later in Q2. I will now pass it to Anil. Anil Chakravarthy Thanks, David. Hello, everyone. Over tthey last 2 years, tthey digital economy has exploded as we have experienced a profound global shift in how we work, learn and play. Teletheyalth visits are now tthey norm rattheyr than tthey exception. Customers and businesses are engaging and transacting digitally. Online shopping is now essential, and tthey U.S. is on track to surpass $1 trillion in e-commerce sales ttheir year, according to tthey Adobe Digital Economy Index. To succeed, companies must make tthey digital economy personal with powerful digital experiences that can be personalized to millions of customers in milliseconds. Adobe Experience Cloud is a compretheynsive set of integrated AI-driven applications and services to theylp companies deliver experiences across all aspects of tthey customer journey. At its core is tthey Adobe Experience Platform with billions of customer profiles. Our Adobe Experience Cloud applications span tthey entire customer funnel, from acquisition to monetization to retention, across content and commerce, customer journeys, data insights and audiences and marketing workflow. We have made tthey dramatic transformation to deliver AI-driven services with over 80% of Experience Cloud customers now using Adobe Sensei, our industry-leading AI and ML framework to power experiences for ttheyir customers. Last week, we hosted Adobe Summit, tthey world’s largest digital experience conference. We launctheyd exciting new Experience Cloud technology and theyard from executives from some of tthey world’s most interesting and innovative brands, including BMW, Nike, Prada, Real Madrid and Walgreens Boots Alliance. We enabled tthey entire event using Experience Cloud, personalizing tthey experience for our global attendees. Summit content has had over 22 million views to date, underscoring tthey significant interest and demand for digital transformation. We continue to drive outstanding growth in our Experience Cloud business. Tthey pandemic has caused brands around tthey world to realize tthey critical need for digital transformation. And we’re adding new logos while continuing to focus on driving significant value realization for our existing customers. In Q1, we achieved $1.06 billion in revenue. Subscription revenue was $932 million for tthey quarter, representing 22% year-over-year growth on an adjusted basis. Q1 highlights include a slate of exciting product innovations, including new real-time customer data capabilities with tthey integration of Adobe Real-Time CDP and Adobe Target. Adobe Real-Time CDP is used by a large and growing base of customers such as DICK’S Sporting Goods, Henkel, Panera, Real Madrid, ServiceNow and Verizon; new cross-cloud integrations, including a unified workflow between Workfront, Creative Cloud Enterprise and Experience Manager assets that powers end-to-end content creation and delivery; strong performance in Adobe Experience Manager, emphasizing tthey need for unified content management to meet tthey ever-increasing demand for content at speed and scale. Adobe is uniquely positioned to theylp customers across tthey content supply chain; new APIs that provide developers with tthey flexibility to create customized user experiences on top of Adobe Commerce; tthey general availability of Adobe Experience Cloud for Healthcare to deliver personalized theyalth care experiences; an expanding partner ecosystem, including a partnership with OneTrust to simplify consent management; tthey next phase of e-commerce integrations with FedEx, Walmart and PayPal as well as a collaboration with Tthey Weattheyr Company; and key customer wins, including CrowdStrike, Deutscthey Telekom, IBM, Jaguar Land Rover, JPMorgan Chase, McDonald’s and UnitedHealth. Our Experience Cloud product innovation, global customer base and vibrant partner ecosystem are driving our continued success. We are executing across our entire go-to-market motion and continue to receive strong industry recognition. Ttheir quarter, Adobe was named a leader in 3 industry analyst reports focused on core customer experience management segments, including Gartner’s Magic Quadrant for Digital Experience Platforms, tthey inaugural IDC MarketScape for CDPs for Front Office and tthey Forrester Wave for Digital Asset Management. Dan, over to you. Dan Durn Thanks, Anil. Today, I will start by summarizing Adobe’s performance in Q1 fiscal 2022, highlighting growth drivers across our businesses, and I’ll finish with targets for Q2. Adobe’s strong financial results demonstrate tthey company’s ability to execute in a challenging macroeconomic and geopolitical environment. Across our business, we are attracting new customers, signing up transformational deals, growing our recurring book of business and seeing emerging businesses ramp and, in some cases, reach escape velocity. We are witnessing tthey digitization of everything and Adobe’s products offer customers access to a digital future, underpinning how ttheyy live and work. Our investment in products, marketing and a data-driven operating model are continuing to drive Adobe’s growth. In Q1, Adobe achieved record revenue of $4.26 billion, which represents 9% year-over-year growth or 17% on an adjusted basis. Business and financial highlights included GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.66 and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $3.37; Digital Media revenue of $3.11 billion; net new Digital Media ARR of $418 million; Digital Experience revenue of $1.06 billion; cash flows from operations of $1.77 billion; RPO of $13.83 billion exiting tthey quarter; and repurchasing approximately 3.8 million shares of our stock during tthey quarter. In our Digital Media segment, we achieved 9% year-over-year revenue growth in Q1 or 17% on an adjusted basis. We exited tthey quarter with $12.57 billion of Digital Media ARR. Global demand for digital content continues to explode. And with tthey strength of Adobe’s product innovation and our data-driven operating model, our net new Digital Media ARR in Q1 grew on a year-over-year basis after factoring out tthey additional week in tthey year-ago period. We achieved Creative revenue of $2.55 billion, which represents 7% year-over-year growth or 16% on an adjusted basis. We added $315 million of net new Creative ARR in tthey quarter. First quarter Creative growth drivers included strong creative engagement and retention across individual and SMB segments; new customer demand across large organizations, small and medium businesses, driving growth in our Creative Cloud for Teams offering, which was tthey higtheyst Q1 on record; sustained growth of subscription licensing for individual flagship applications such as Photoshop, Illustrator and Premiere as well as strength in our Adobe Stock business; and enterprise adoption of new collaboration capabilities, including Frame.io as well as our 3D and immersive applications. We are also pleased by tthey adoption we see in some of our newer initiatives such as Creative Cloud Express, Substance as well as Acrobat, Photoshop and Illustrator on tthey Web. We are driving strong usage growth and have already attracted millions of monthly active users to our cloud-native offerings. We expect ttheyse businesses to be drivers of future ARR and revenue growth. Adobe achieved Document Cloud revenue of $562 million, which represents 17% year-over-year growth or 26% on an adjusted basis. We added $103 million of net new Document Cloud ARR in tthey quarter, surpassing $2 billion in ending ARR, growing at 29% year-over-year. Document Cloud continues to be our fastest-growing business, demonstrating that our strategy of accelerating document productivity is working and reflecting how Acrobat and PDF are essential to tthey way people work in a digital-first world. First quarter Document Cloud growth drivers included customer demand for Acrobat subscriptions, tthey strongest Q1 on record; new licensing and renewal for Acrobat for Teams offering in tthey SMB segment, both on adobe.com and through our reseller channel; momentum in Adobe Sign with strong year-over-year growth of Sign transactions within Acrobat; strong demand for our PDF solutions on mobile; and continued momentum with our frictionless onboarding of new customers through Acrobat Web with ARR growing approximately 90% year-over-year. Turning to our Digital Experience segment, in Q1, we achieved revenue of $1.06 billion, which represents 13% year-over-year growth or 20% on an adjusted basis. Digital Experience subscription revenue was $932 million, representing 15% year-over-year growth or 22% on an adjusted basis. Wtheyn we look at tthey quarterly sequential revenue growth, we continue to see acceleration as our strategy of delivering personalization at scale is resonating with enterprise customers. First quarter Digital Experience growth drivers included new logo acquisition across our solutions; strong customer retention as a result of investments we’ve made in product innovation, greater value realization and customer experience; larger deal sizes in our Workfront business; traction upselling customers to new cloud-native solutions; and momentum with our Content & Commerce, customer data platform and Customer Journey Analytics offerings. In Q1, we continued to increase investments in initiatives that will drive long-term revenue growth, including ramping theyadcount across R&D and sales capacity. Travel and facilities remained at lower levels in Q1, but we’re increasing facilities utilization and travel in Q2 as we resume in-person meetings with customers and partners. Adobe’s effective tax rate in Q1 was 18% on a GAAP basis and 18.5% on a non-GAAP basis. Tthey tax rate came in higtheyr than expected, primarily due to less-than-expected tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation. Our trade DSO was 36 days, which compares to 38 days in tthey year-ago quarter and 42 days last quarter. RPO grew by 19% year-over-year to $13.83 billion exiting Q1, benefiting from enterprise bookings. Our ending cash and short-term investment position exiting Q1 was $4.70 billion and cash flows from operations in Q1 were $1.77 billion. We repurchased approximately 3.8 million shares in Q1 at a cost of $2.1 billion. Included in ttheir purchase was tthey partial settlement of an accelerated share repurchase entered into during Q1 to repurchase shares at an aggregate cost of $2.4 billion. Tthey final number of shares to be repurchased under tthey ASR will be based on a discount to tthey volume weighted average price of our common stock during tthey term of tthey agreement with tthey final settlement and delivery of incremental shares to Adobe sctheyduled to occur in early Q3. Ttheyse share repurchases are part of tthey previously announced program, under which we currently have $10.7 billion remaining of our $15 billion authorization that was granted in December 2020 and goes through 2024. Before we get to our Q2 targets, I want to discuss tthey impact of tthey devastating situation in Ukraine. Earlier ttheir month, Adobe announced tthey cessation of all new sales in Russia and Belarus. In addition, we’ve made tthey decision to reduce our Digital Media ARR balance by $75 million, which represents all ARR for existing business in ttheyse two countries. While we will extend subscriptions automatically in Ukraine during ttheir period and continue to provide Digital Media services, we reduced ARR by an additional $12 million, which represents our entire Ukraine business. Ttheir results in a total ARR reduction of $87 million and an expected revenue impact of $75 million for fiscal 2022. Tthey impact toward Digital Experience business is de minimis. For Q2, we are targeting total Adobe revenue of approximately $4.34 billion; net new Digital Media ARR of approximately $440 million; Digital Media segment revenue growth of approximately 13% year-over-year or 14% in constant currency; Digital Experience segment revenue growth of approximately 15% year-over-year or 16% in constant currency; Digital Experience subscription revenue growth of approximately 17% year-over-year or 18% in constant currency; tax rate of approximately 20% on a GAAP basis and 18.5% on a non-GAAP basis; GAAP earnings per share of approximately $2.44; and non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $3.30. As a result of tthey lower-than-expected deductions from stock-based compensation, our effective tax rate for fiscal 2022 is now targeted to be 19.5% on a GAAP basis and 18.5% on a non-GAAP basis. As we look towards tthey back half of tthey year, we expect quarterly sequential revenue and EPS growth in Q3 and Q4. In Digital Media, we expect strong second half ARR performance across Document Cloud and Creative Cloud, including continued strength of emerging businesses like Acrobat Web, Frame.io, Substance and Creative Cloud Express. In addition, we expect ARR contributions to increase sequentially in Q3 and Q4 from a new offering and pricing structure which starts late in Q2. We expect Digital Experience bookings to show continued momentum in tthey second half with a traditional strong Q4 finish. We will continue to invest in product innovation, sales capacity, marketing awareness and demand generation given our immense market opportunity. As tthey world reopens, we expect to increase our travel and facilities expenses. In summary, I’m pleased that Adobe delivered anottheyr record quarter in Q1 with sustained growth and world-class profitability. Adobe continues to show its resilience through unprecedented circumstances that all companies face today, and I’m confident we will emerge stronger. We are on track for anottheyr year of strong financial performance. Shantanu, back to you. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Dan. Ttheir is a transformative time at Adobe. We’re engaging with hundreds of millions of customers globally, from individuals to tthey largest enterprises, launching new applications for new audiences and bringing our flagship category applications to new surfaces and platforms while increasing collaboration capabilities across our solutions. Adobe has a winning strategy applied to an exceptional opportunity. We’re a leader in tthey digital economy with Adobe Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud, which combined have a total addressable market of $205 billion. Few companies can consistently deliver technology innovation, successful transformation across new categories and business models and a broad ever-growing base of customers and partners. I’d like to thank our 26,000 employees for ttheyir continued dedication and unwavering focus on delivering customer innovation and inventing tthey future of digital experiences. Thank you. We will now take questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Brent Thill with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Brent Thill Good afternoon. Curious if you could ttheyyd any more color on tthey new pricing structure and what that means. And Shantanu, beyond Ukraine, is ttheyre anything else you’re seeing in tthey broader economy that’s different than you’ve seen theirtorically? Thank you. Shantanu Narayen So Brent, as it relates to what we have seen first in terms of tthey macroeconomic situation, we actually continue to see strength. We were pleased with tthey strong Q1. Certainly, I think tthey last few weeks of tthey quarter, you saw some impact in Europe, specifically as it related to what happened in terms of tthey terrible situation in Ukraine. But I think we continue to see growth around tthey world. I think on tthey first one, as you know, and ttheyn I’ll have David also add some color, tthey last major compretheynsive overall that we had for our pricing was in 2017. And you’ve seen since ttheyn tthey number of different initiatives that we have and offerings that we’ve introduced, wtheyttheyr it was tthey 3D offerings, what we’ve done on tthey web, what we’ve done in mobile, what we’ve done around Creative Cloud Express. So I think it was time to take a very compretheynsive look, which David has done. And I think directionally, what I would say is that we want to continue to attract hundreds of millions to tthey platform, but we also want to get value for tthey tremendous innovation that we’ve provided. David, maybe you can add a little bit more. David Wadhwani Yes, happy to. So as Shantanu mentioned, tthey last pricing update and adjustment we made was in 2017. Since ttheyn, we’ve added a lot to our existing offerings. We’ve added new applications. We’ve extended broadly across multiple services. We’ve doubled down on collaboration. We’ve added millions of stock assets and thousands of fonts. And we’ve also introduced new offerings. Obviously, Acrobat across web and mobile has been growing for tthey last few years, and you theyard us talk – last year or 2, you theyard us talk about that in tthey prepared remarks. But also CCX is now in market across web and mobile. And tthey early success we’re seeing with ttheyse new offerings across web and mobile and across Acrobat and CCX has really been tthey catalyst for ttheyse pricing adjustments that we’re looking at doing. Ttheyy let us introduce tthey right value with tthey right onboarding experience and tthey right pricing to attract millions of new subscribers. And ttheyy provide us tthey opportunity to right-size tthey value wtheyre engagement and usage is higtheyst in our core existing customer base. Tthey impact of ttheir, we think, for Q2 will be fairly minimal because it takes time to roll ttheir out globally, and it takes time for customers to go through ttheyir renewal cycles wtheyre ttheyir prices change. But we expect it to have a more significant impact and build-out in Q3 and Q4. Brent Thill Thank you. Operator Thank you. We will take our next question from Alex Zukin with Wolfe Research. Alex Zukin Hi, guys. So maybe to think – to ask Brent – to ask tthey question a different way, if you think about Adobe has been around for a long time through many business cycles, as we – as you look at tthey pipeline of activity for tthey back half of tthey year and you think about tthey – wtheyre – how investors should think about it in a more recessionary, inflationary environment, can you just give us some color around how you think about tthey pipeline development, how you think about any changes with respect to tthey shape of tthey year and seasonality? And ttheyn maybe just a financial question, I think ttheyre is just a better understanding of how tthey mechanics of tthey NRR are shaping up for Q2. Are you taking that – is tthey $440 million, is that guide inclusive of tthey impact of tthey Russia-Ukraine adjustment? Is it taken out of tthey prior year? Just a little bit more context would be theylpful? Thank you, guys. Shantanu Narayen Sure, Alex. Ttheyre were multiple questions in that. So let me – maybe first, to your point, which I agree with, wtheyn you think about tthey rhythm of tthey business and maybe tthey seasonal cadence, clearly, that’s been impacted by wtheyttheyr it’s tthey external events as it relates to tthey pandemic or more recently tthey war in Ukraine. But big picture, as we look at what’s happening in terms of customer adoption, what’s happening in terms of tthey excitement, ttheyre is no question that digital is a tailwind and will continue to be a tailwind. And our perspective is that what happened was tthey pandemic actually put a spotlight on tthey importance of everything we’re doing, wtheyttheyr it’s customer engagement, wtheyttheyr it’s content or document productivity. And so as you think about what happens seasonally, certainly, I think we would continue to see strength in Q3 and Q4. Dan referred to that in terms of tthey second half momentum that we would see. But even Q1, we had a strong start. So from our perspective, some of tthey seasonal cadence might have changed, but tthey secular trends in terms of up and to tthey right, we actually don’t see any impact associated with it. I think your second question is related to what happens specifically on Russia and Belarus and Ukraine. Since tthey Digital Media ARR, tthey book of business, we made tthey decision to reduce it. And so I think what you’ll see on tthey data ttheyyet is what our exiting Q1 ARR is and ttheyn anottheyr number which just takes out all of tthey existing book of business for those three countries. You see tthey impact on revenue certainly in Q2, Q3 and Q4 because what it means is tthey revenue that we would have been able to collect. But again, in tthey grand sctheyme of things, as you can see, it’s fairly small as it relates to tthey business. So I think our targets, $440 million specifically, as you said, yes, it’s impacted by tthey ARR business in those countries. But overall, business is strong and we feel optimistic. I think in many ways, tthey message really is that tthey new growth initiatives that both Dan and David talked to, ttheyy are starting to really show traction. And so we expect to see strength in tthey second half of tthey year and certainly beyond that. Alex Zukin Got it. Thank you, guys. Operator Thank you. We will take our next question from Saket Kalia from Barclays. Saket Kalia Okay, great. Hey, thanks for taking my question theyre. David, maybe for you. Great to see tthey Creative Cloud Express launch recently, I guess tthey question for you is, how do you feel tthey product differentiates from some of tthey competition out ttheyre? And maybe without going too deep, how do you plan on investing in that product specifically to continue your lead? David Wadhwani Yes, thanks for tthey question. We’re very excited about tthey launch of CCX. But just to up-level for a minute, and as a reminder for everyone on tthey call, we’ve been talking about tthey communicator segment for years, both as it relates to non-pros and as it relates to tthey creator economy. We’ve talked about in tthey past that our mobile and desktop apps have hundreds of millions of registrations, which is clearly going beyond our Creative Pro base. And we’ve built a significant business. In fact, we believe that we’re tthey largest provider of creative tools in tthey world wtheyn measured by revenue across all of our segments: pros, communicators and consumers. Tthey introduction of Creative Cloud Express though represents a lot of our learning over tthey last few years, starting with tthey business model. It’s a freemium business model. It’s predominantly web and mobile. So it’s zero friction for onboarding customers, and users are seeing success in minutes, not hours. In addition to that, we have an unprecedented library that we bring to Creative Cloud Express. We have 175 million stock images and videos. We have 20,000 fonts, largest font library online available, and thousands of templates that have been really carefully crafted and designed by some of tthey best creatives in tthey world. And ttheir is important because at tthey end of tthey day, if you’re going to be a content-first creation tool, tthey content you mix togettheyr is a fundamental differentiator in terms of what you’re creating and what you’re producing. And we feel very, very good and confident about our ability to continue to expand ttheir library and just make sure that what people are mixing to create ttheyir output is world class. But of course, we also have tthey power of Adobe. If you look at what we’re starting to do, and ttheir gives you a hint of wtheyre we’re going with our quick actions across Photoshop Quick Actions, Premiere Quick Actions, Acrobat Quick Actions that have started to make ttheyir way into Creative Cloud Express, we feel really good about tthey pipeline of innovation we can bring from our decades of leadership across all of our segments directly into Creative Cloud Express. And ttheyn, of course, we are looking for ways to accelerate. We acquired a company called ContentCal that we’ve announced will be tthey foundation of rich content publishing and sctheyduling for Creative Cloud Express users. And ttheyn lastly, tthey work we’ve been doing over tthey last many years around tthey data-driven operating model that Dan talked about in their opening has been invaluable theyre. So we’re finding and we’re onboarding new users that would not have typically interacted with Adobe through ttheyir intent-based search. And tthey result is a little bit of what we alluded to. We’ve seen great traffic. We’re seeing millions of monthly active users just a few months into tthey launch. We have an NPS over 60 at ttheir point in tthey product. So we’re really bullish on tthey start of wtheyre we are. And if you look at tthey long pipeline of Adobe-only innovation, maybe to your question, we’re super excited about that. And tthey last thing I’ll say theyre is that don’t forget tthey opportunity theyre is to drive millions of new users into our franctheire. But tthey opportunity is also to drive high engagement and usage within our core CC base and take what has already been a very, very strong retention curve ttheyre and continue to drive engagement and retention of our CC users as well. Saket Kalia Very theylpful. Thanks, guys. Operator Thank you. We will take our next question from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Sterling Auty Yes. Thanks. Hi, guys. Just maybe for clarification. With tthey changes, ttheyre is no update to tthey annual guidance. You typically don’t, but I think investors want to understand how tthey impact on tthey negative side from tthey changes to ARR for Russia and Ukraine impact tthey annual guide versus tthey positive uplift that you’ll get from tthey pricing structure. Thanks. Shantanu Narayen Yes. Sterling, I mean, I think color-wise, it’s really still early in tthey year, but I feel great about tthey way we’ve been navigating all of tthey external issues that have come. And it was a strong Q1. As we prepared for ttheir call, we felt it was important to share with you tthey impact that we know of things, wtheyttheyr it’s tthey revenue or ARR for Russia, what’s happening on EPS as it relates to tthey tax rate as well as to provide some more of tthey growth drivers. But I net it out by saying while we are not updating tthey annual targets, as you pointed out, we’re really optimistic on tthey significant number of growth drivers that we have. And we will share more throughout tthey year because we still are all navigating what is a considerably unpredictable situation. Our strong Q1, however, and tthey things that we control, we feel excellent about. Sterling Auty Understood. Thank you. Operator Thank you. We will take our next question from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Jay Vleeschhouwer Thank you. Good evening. Shantanu, referring back to tthey analyst meeting 3 months ago, you and David used tthey term product-led growth. And I was wondering if you could elaborate on that because arguably, wtheyn you think about tthey company over tthey last 30 years or more, you’ve always, in effect, been product-led growth. So how are you thinking about that differently now in terms of a concept or various executables for that? And ttheyn for Dan, could you talk about how you’re thinking about your theyadcount growth relative to your expense growth for tthey year? You onboarded over 500 employees during tthey quarter, you finittheyyd Q1 with a record number of open recs. How are you thinking about filling those divisions, eittheyr to compensate for tthey increase in attrition you had in fiscal ‘21 versus normal organic growth that you ottheyrwise would have done anyway? Shantanu Narayen Yes. Jay, wtheyn I think about tthey transformative things that we’ve done in tthey company, certainly tthey move to subscriptions, tthey entrance into digital marketing, what we’ve done with data-driven operating model to drive tthey sort of financial cadence of tthey business, ttheyy absolutely bubble to tthey top. But I would say those actually dwarf in comparison to tthey excitement that I feel about what product-led growth can continue to do. Wtheyn you have hundreds of millions or billions of people using your software, a good example of what we’ve done is tthey constant innovation that we’re delivering on tthey Document Cloud side. And I think David referred to some of tthey statistics, wtheyttheyr it’s sort of doubling what we see with web traffic and really being aware of tthey intent-based approach that people want wtheyn ttheyy come on tthey web to accomplish document actions, what we are doing in mobile and doubling it. And I think product-led growth just relates to ensuring that all of our product teams have information at ttheyir fingertips as to how people are really using it so that we can rapidly iterate in terms of what customers want and delight ttheym. And I think on tthey Creative Cloud, to add to what David said to Saket as well, what that means with Creative Cloud Express is as you have ttheyse millions of users, we’re constantly understanding wtheyre tthey search traffic is, how do you improve it. And it’s just a new way of liberating all of tthey product-led – product teams to focus on what’s truly important and truly needle-moving as far as customer interest and customer sentiment. And it’s something that David has pioneered. So I’ll have David add a little bit more. But I think tthey impact on how we serve customers, tthey NPS and being able to continue to recruit and retain is significant. David Wadhwani Yes. I think Shantanu covered most of it. Just a couple of things to add. As you correctly point out, we joke internally that actually John and Chuck created product-led growth with distributing tthey free Reader and ttheyn sort of upselling people from ttheyre to tthey Acrobat offering. And so we’ve, throughout our theirtory, had ttheir idea and sense of how you drive utilization and usage and engagement and ttheyn drive that to convert to users. I think what we are – wtheyre we are right now is an exciting inflection point wtheyre, as Shantanu mentioned, we’re seeing a lot more activity and engagement on web, we’re seeing a lot more activity and engagement on mobile. And that lets us have better and more seamless onboarding. So we can use everything we’ve learned around DDOM to drive better intent-based search and reach audiences that frankly we weren’t able to reach before because tthey onboarding experience, tthey actions to success and ttheyn what we do beyond that is in minutes, not hours. Shantanu Narayen Maybe one last thing before Dan comments. I think both Dan and David talked about retention and engagement during tthey quarter. And to give you a little bit more, Jay, color in terms of that, we look at churn rates. We look at reseller renewal. We look at 90-day cohort retentions. And in all of those, I think as a result of tthey activity that we’re doing on tthey product teams to theylp improve, we’re seeing improvement and getting to rates on all three of those that are better than ttheyy have ever been even prior to tthey pandemic. So I think that’s, again, anottheyr example of what gives us confidence in our offerings and our innovation going forward. Dan Durn And ttheyn, Jay, just to come to your second question, we talked about tthey business performing well. Wtheyn we talk about digital content and data increasingly driving economic growth going forward in a world wtheyre everything is going digital. That means we have an immense market opportunity in front of us, greater than $200 billion in 2024 and significantly larger than that as we look forward. So our long-term growth opportunity at Adobe is not opportunity-constrained. And so wtheyn we think about our leadership and product positions, ttheyy are built on tthey back of a very strong innovation engine at tthey company. So, we are going to orient towards growth. We are going to continue to invest in R&D and tthey sales muscle to scale our businesses over time and continue that leadership in tthey markets that we participate in. But we are going to do what we have always done along tthey way, is do it in a disciplined way, so we are marrying tthey investments we make with tthey opportunities as ttheyy materialize and grow in a very profitable way. And so you can see tthey company’s theirtory in terms of strong profitable growth, and I would expect our track record on that to continue over tthey long run. Jay Vleeschhouwer Thank you. Operator Thank you. We will take our next question from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Keith Weiss Thank you, guys for taking tthey question. I actually had a couple of clarifications I was hoping to ask you guys about. Shantanu, earlier in tthey call, you do made some comments about perhaps seeing a little bit of weakness in Europe at tthey end of tthey quarter. Can you dig in on that a little bit like wtheyre in tthey business, did you see that weakness? And did that persist into Q2, or was it just kind of more temperamental? So, that was number one. Number two, on tthey – I know we are not giving full year guidance, but wtheyn we think about tthey operating margin outperformance in Q1, is tthey commentary that that’s going to be given back later in tthey year, or is it just like sort of tthey ramp-up gets puttheyyd out, so tthey savings kind of like accrue throughout tthey full year? And ttheyn clarification number three, wtheyn you guys gave tthey original $1.9 billion net new ARR addition guidance for FY ‘22, did you guys already contemplate ttheyse price increases, so was tthey – or tthey price changes, were tthey price changes already in that $1.9 billion guide? So that’s my three clarifications. Shantanu Narayen Sure. So, Keith, maybe I will answer tthey last question first and ttheyn talk about it, which is, as we were entering tthey year and what we talked at tthey FA meeting, if you actually – I think we also got a couple of questions as it relates to what we were going to do on pricing, and we alluded to tthey fact that we are constantly looking at it. And so while it was something that we were working on, we actually just pretty recently finittheyyd tthey entire effort. So, we didn’t have it finalized, but we always thought that it was timed with tthey new offerings to actually look at tthey pricing structure as well. And so tthey definite amount and tthey materiality of that, we will know as we go through tthey process. But directionally, we knew that we were going to be looking at pricing more exhaustively. I think in terms of tthey clarification of what we saw, wtheyn tthey war broke out for tthey last couple of weeks, that impact is not just felt in Russia and Belarus and Ukraine, you see a little bit of that traffic across tthey region. So, that’s really all I was alluding to. And we saw strength, and that strength continued in tthey U.S. right through tthey quarter. And so not unsurprisingly, we saw a little impact. So, that’s all I was referring to as it related to tthey European situation. And did you have a third question, Keith? Keith Weiss Yes, tthey third one was on operating margins. Dan Durn Yes. Your third question on operating margin. So, let me break it up into three time periods. Let’s talk about Q1 briefly. Let’s talk about FY ‘22 and ttheyn beyond. So, as we think about Q1, clearly, Omicron was a context around that quarter. So, our investments in things like travel, facilities weren’t as robust as originally contemplated, and you saw a little bit of uplift from a margin structure standpoint in Q1. Wtheyn we take a step back, we talked about tthey growth profile and tthey leadership of our product positions, continuing to invest to scale our businesses, and a lot of those investments being R&D and sales-oriented. We will continue to do that. And tthey targets that we set in FA Day a few months ago implied in those – in that framework is an operating margin for tthey year. And so I think you will see that unfold throughout tthey rest of tthey year. And ttheyn longer term, we talked about tthey significant opportunities facing tthey company and our ability to capture that with our leadership position as tthey world goes increasingly digital. And as we grow and scale ttheir business, you will see tthey benefits of that over time layer into tthey operating margin as we continue to do it in a strong, profitable and disciplined way. Keith Weiss Excellent. Thanks so much, guys. Operator Thank you. We will take our next question from Tyler Radke with Citi. Tyler Radke Yes. Thanks very much for taking my question. Just going back to tthey price increase and pricing changes. Obviously, I am sure you will be sharing a lot more specifics as we go forward. But philosophically, just how are you thinking about tthey pricing changes at tthey high end versus tthey kind of entry-level creative products? And particularly, just curious how you are evaluating those pricing changes in tthey context of tthey competitive landscape? Thank you. Shantanu Narayen So, I think philosophically, tthey way we are looking at it, I will repeat what I said earlier, which is we haven’t done a compretheynsive look at that in multiple years. And directionally, I think tthey significant value that we have added has to do with people, wtheyttheyr you are in businesses or wtheyttheyr you are a user of tthey entire apps. I mean we continue to add new apps to tthey – what’s called tthey CC All Apps platform. And directionally, we are just saying that is tthey area wtheyre we have to look at all of tthey increased value that we have. Ttheir is not driven in any way, shape or form by any competitive response. So, let me be categorical about that. Ttheir is raised by – we continue to attract billions of people to tthey platform in terms of tthey interest. And with all of tthey new offerings that we have, again as David said, across web, across mobile, across tthey browsers, we just want to make sure that as we continue to expand tthey offerings, we are looking at tthey pricing in a good way. So, tthey value that we have added to wtheyttheyr you are in teams with collaboration or wtheyttheyr you are to businesses continues to be a motivator for us to look at tthey prices as well on all tthey new apps that we have added. So hopefully, that gives you color. Let me also back up and say ttheir is for us, all really about customers and delighting customers. But because we had an earnings call, we said as ttheir gets rolled out, we at least want to give you some theyads up because ottheyrwise, some of you would say, why didn’t you at least allude to it. As David said, ttheir doesn’t have an impact in Q2 really. It’s a pretty small impact. So, that was tthey rationale and thinking associated with it. And we will certainly roll ttheir out with customers first, and ttheyn we will share with you more of what tthey impact is. But that’s tthey way we look at how we move tthey business going forward. Tyler Radke Great. And if I could sneak in a follow-up just on tthey digital experience side, obviously, pretty strong growth theyre in Q4 and tthey first part of tthey year, above 20% on an adjusted basis. I guess was ttheyre any kind of one-time factors that drove that outperformance? And as we think about tthey guide for tthey next quarter and tthey deceleration implied, just anything to call out ttheyre? Thank you. Anil Chakravarthy Thanks for tthey question. We are pleased with tthey momentum we have seen in tthey digital experience business with 22% growth and subscription on an adjusted basis. Tthey market opportunity is huge, over $100 billion of TAM. Tthey pandemic obviously put a spotlight on it in terms of tthey urgency. We are seeing it continue to grow in terms of customer demand, customer interest at tthey Board level and at tthey C-level. We are in a really strong market position with what we have built with tthey Adobe Experience Platform and tthey native apps like Customer Journey Analytics and CDP that we have built with that. So, overall, we feel really excited about tthey path forward. And we just had tthey Summit conference last week, excellent pipeline building event as well as a chance to showcase our product innovation. So, we expect ttheir to continue through tthey year in terms of our momentum. Tyler Radke Thank you. Operator Thank you. We will take our next question from Keith Bachman with BMO. Keith Bachman Hi. Thank you. I am going to follow lead with a couple of clarifications. Dan, could you comment on what tthey inorganic contribution was ttheir quarter and wtheyre it manifests? So for instance Frame.io, what was tthey contribution ttheyre? Secondly, wtheyn you think about – I just want to clarify on tthey ARR write-off, so to speak. Tthey comment was that you are ceasing all new incremental business. But are you going to continue to get ARR payments in Russia – or from Russia and Belarus from existing business that might actually contribute to ARR? Just a little bit confused on that one. And ttheyn in tthey spirit of Keith Weiss, I am actually going to ask a third clarification. Shantanu, in tthey past, you have said that in tthey creative side, new subscribers was tthey most significant contributor to growth. And I just wanted to try to understand given more competition perhaps in tthey lower end of tthey market, is that still true? Thank you. Shantanu Narayen I will answer tthey first – tthey third one first, Keith, as Dan does, which is if you look at tthey growth, tthey unit growth is being driven by single apps, which is new subscribers and driving to it. So that trend, in terms of continuing to drive single unit, is definitely part of how we think about it. I will answer maybe one part of also how you have to think about it, which is wtheyn you think about Russia and Belarus, we have tthey ARR, which is tthey book of business, but ttheyre is no way to really get payments. And with all of tthey sanctions that’s ttheyre, what we have factored is that book of business, because we are not going to be getting payments from Russia, that is tthey impact that Dan alluded to, which is tthey $75 million for tthey rest of tthey year. So, in addition to seizing new payment – in addition to stopping new sales, what you have to realize is for a service that exists as a SaaS-based service, you are unable to collect payments. And so we have reflected that impact as well in tthey particular geographies. Dan Durn Yes. And just coming back to your last piece, Keith, on Frame, now, that it’s part of tthey business, we are not going to be breaking ttheir out. We talked about tthey momentum in tthey business. It’s great. Tthey team is doing really well. Tthey number of deals, tthey average deal size, business has a lot of momentum around it. And we talked about tthey great collaboration technology that exists ttheyre. But now that it’s a part of tthey business, we won’t be breaking it out explicitly. Keith Bachman Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. We will take our next question from Kash Rangan with Goldman Sachs. Kash Rangan Thank you very much. Congrats on tthey quarter. Tthey numbers look quite good for Q1. So, Shantanu, I am curious, tthey shifting seasonality, generally wtheyn you find a more seasonal second half, that’s generally a sign of maturity in tthey market or macro factors or just product transition factors. But wtheyn I look at your second half, you do have relatively easier comps for DM ARR, right? And ttheyn you have tthey pricing optimization. So, if we net it all out, how do you feel about tthey business in tthey second half relative to going into tthey first quarter, granted that we have all ttheyse macroeconomic concerns? But net of tthey positives against – net of tthey negatives against tthey positives, how do you feel today versus three months back about tthey rest of tthey fiscal year? Thank you so much. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Kash. I mean to net it out, I definitely feel more positive about business moving forward than I ever have, because just if you take a step back and look at all of – first look at Q1, we had a strong Q1. We clearly beat our targets in what is perhaps tthey most unpredictable situations that exist in tthey world. So, we feel really good about Q1. We feel really good about tthey new initiatives that – both in Document Cloud and Creative Cloud and in Experience Cloud that David and Anil spoke to. I did allude to tthey fact that wtheyn you think about tthey seasonal cadence and tthey rhythm of tthey business, certainly, some of that’s impacted. And perhaps tthey thing that you are alluding to, Kash, was in Q2 of last year, ttheyre was sort of a catch-up as “small and medium businesses” came on – come back online. And so you have to just factor what that is in. But both in terms of tthey revenue growth in DME for Q3 and Q4 as it relates to getting more similar to Q1 as well as tthey ARR, we are optimistic about tthey second half. Tthey only reason we didn’t talk about Q2 is because we actually gave specific guidance and targets for Q2. So, don’t take that as anything as opposed to we have given you targets for Q2 and we are trying to give you color on what happens in Q3 and Q4. So hopefully, that theylps, Kash. And on tthey DX side, since ttheyre have been fewer questions on tthey DX side, I mean what we have done, Summit was really exciting, tthey amount of new announcements that we have done ttheyre. Every person that I talked to in tthey C-suite continues to want to really focus on digital transformation and customer experience management. I am excited. I am back on tthey road again. It feels great. We have employees back in tthey office and facilities. People want to meet, and digital engagement is top of mind. So, across all three of our businesses, we didn’t talk about tthey document business. $100 million in ARR for tthey quarter, $2 billion book of business, really good adoption of our new functionality, wtheyttheyr it’s on tthey web as well as a unifying sign with Acrobat, which was a big movement that we are trying to do. So, I think all of those are positive. I think tthey one impact that, again, maybe Dan can just touch on is certainly, it doesn’t impact our core business. But tthey EPS, you just have to factor some of tthey revenue and ottheyr considerations that happened. But for tthey functional part of tthey business, I feel really good. Dan Durn Yes. So Shantanu did a good job talking about tthey fundamentals of tthey business. Tthey ottheyr piece are tthey transient effects. And I would point to two of ttheym. So, for tthey war in Ukraine, we de-risked tthey profile around tthey situation. And that’s tthey prudent thing to do, to be conservative in situations like ttheir. So, that’s what you see in tthey $87 million reduction in ARR as well as tthey $75 million reduction from a revenue standpoint, Q2 through Q4. So, if I take that revenue and I flow it through tthey P&L, that’s going to be about a $0.04 a share theyadwind per quarter for tthey balance of tthey year, Q2 through Q4. From a tax standpoint, we talked about an 18.5% non-GAAP tax rate. That’s a 1.5 point change versus wtheyre we were at FA Day. If I were to roll that through tthey P&L, that’s about $0.06 a share per quarter throughout tthey year. We were able to overcome that in Q1. And ttheyn wtheyn I look at tthey share repurchase activity, clearly tthey company took advantage of tthey current environment. And that’s going to create about a $0.02 a share benefit each quarter ttheir year versus wtheyre we were at FA Day. And so wtheyn I net all of that out on a go-forward basis, you have got about an $0.08 per share theyadwind in each quarter. And again, like we said in Q1, we were able to overcome that theyadwind in Q1 and deliver above tthey expectations that we had set, and we are going to continue to orient towards growth. We are going to invest to lead, but if ttheyre is opportunities to do it in a disciplined way and overcome it on a go-forward basis, we will take it a quarter at a time and let you know what we see. Kash Rangan Thank you, Dan. And Shantanu, just one final follow-up, tthey clear – I know that you want to talk about tthey Document Cloud and tthey Experience Cloud, but I remember fall of 2011, you have made a very bold transition to Creative Cloud subscription. You, in fact, outlined that you have a target of 4 million subscribers in fiscal ‘15, which seemed quite visionary back ttheyn, right? So, as you look at tthey inflection point going – tthey company is going through, what are your aspirations for Creative Cloud Express if you were to measure it in subscribers or how big of a business would you like it to be? What would be your similar prognostication as you look into tthey next few years? And that’s it for me. Thank you so much. Shantanu Narayen Kash, at tthey FA meeting, we talked about what tthey overall addressable market opportunity is. But I really feel like we can get billions of users to use our product. And ttheyn ttheyy will be tthey spectrum of people who will be paying us on a subscription business as well as ottheyrs who will perhaps take advantage of some of tthey freemium offerings that we have. We are starting to see that kind of adoption with tthey Document Cloud certainly, right, wtheyre you have 0.5 billion people who have used our – a Reader and ottheyr products. But I think in terms of Creative Cloud Express, my hope and my aspiration is that every single person who has a story to tell uses some part of tthey Creative Cloud Express. We are off to a great start ttheyre, Kash. I think on tthey differentiation, as David said, we have tthey platform. We have every single piece of technology that we need to deliver a great compelling experience. And now we are also world-class at making sure that we capture search-based intent. So, we want to anticipate what people want to do with Creative, but I would be disappointed if that doesn’t just continue to be a huge growth area in terms of new users to our platform. Jonathan Vaas Operator, we are a little past tthey top of tthey hour. We will squeeze in one more question and ttheyn wrap up. Thank you. Operator Thank you. We will take our next question from Michael Turrin with Wells Fargo Securities. Michael Turrin Hi ttheyre. Good afternoon. Appreciate you squeezing me on. We have been expecting a return to normal expense profile. Q1 operating margins were actually flat relative to last year. Anything else you can add just around tthey Q1 margin results? And as we think through tthey puts and takes between that return to a more normalized expense profile and some of tthey product and pricing efforts you have mentioned atheyad ttheir year, any way to think through if price uplift can theylp offset some of that expense normalization you are expecting? Thank you. Dan Durn Yes, sure. So, if I were to look at wtheyre we landed in Q1, and we talked about not fully investing from a travel and facilities standpoint because of tthey Omicron environment. And as I look forward to tthey Q2 guide and tthey operating margin that is implicit in that guide and I were to break it out into some several buckets. Ttheyre is going to be an influence from tthey transient effects of tthey Russia situation. We are going to do increased hiring to invest for future growth. We get full quarter impact from a merit standpoint instead of a one month impact. And ttheyn we will start to see tthey reopening expenses start to layer back in. Those are tthey four buckets that bridge you from Q1 to Q2. And I would say each of those four buckets is roughly equally weighted. And so I think that’s what gets you to a more normalized run rate as we look into Q2 and tthey back half of tthey year. Shantanu Narayen And since that was tthey last question, I wanted to, again, thank you all for joining us today. We are pleased with tthey performance. We think we had a really strong start to tthey fiscal year across all three of our businesses Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud. And more than that, I think our ability to continue to delight customers and deliver on tthey innovative roadmap gives us a lot of confidence associated with tthey new initiatives taking stock and contributing to tthey future growth at Adobe. Tthey spotlight, I believe, on digital will just continue. And as we get back to more normalcy, I think that will only all go well for both Adobe and our customers. And tthey successful Summit that we just organized, I think is anottheyr indicator of tthey interest that exists in our solutions. So, thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to sharing more as we go through tthey year. Thank you. Jonathan Vaas Ttheir concludes tthey call. Thanks, everyone. Operator Thank you. That does conclude today’s conference. We thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.