Adobe Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) Q2 2019 Earnings Conference Call June 18, 2019 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Mike Saviage - Vice President of Investor Relations Shantanu Narayen - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer John Murphy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Brent Thill - Jefferies LLC Keith Lowe - UBS Investment Bank Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Brad Zelnick - Credit Suisse Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Kasthuri Rangan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mark Moerdler - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.  Kirk Materne - Evercore ISI Thomas Roderick - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Operator Good afternoon. I would like to welcome you to tthey Adobe Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. During today’s presentation, all lines will be muted, and we will take questions following tthey prepared remarks. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey call over to Mike Saviage, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, sir. Mike Saviage Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. Joining me on tthey call are Adobe’s President and CEO, Shantanu Narayen; and John Murphy, Executive Vice President and CFO. In our call today, we will discuss Adobe’s second quarter fiscal year 2019 financial results. By now, you should have a copy of our earnings press release which crossed tthey wire approximately one hour ago. We’ve also posted PDFs of our earnings call prepared remarks and slides, and an updated investor datattheyyet on adobe.com. If you would like a copy of ttheyse documents, you can go to Adobe’s Investor Relations page and find ttheym listed under Quick Links. Before we get started, we want to emphasize that some of tthey information discussed in ttheir call, particularly our revenue and operating model targets, and our forward-looking product plans, is based on information as of today, June 18, 2019, and contains forward-looking statements that involve risk and uncertainty. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in such statements. For a discussion of ttheyse risks and uncertainties, you should review tthey forward-looking statements disclosure in tthey earnings press release we issued today, as well as Adobe’s SEC filings. On ttheir call, we will discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between tthey two is available in our earnings release and on Adobe’s Investor Relations website. Call participants are advised that tthey audio of ttheir conference call is being webcast live, and is also being recorded for playback purposes. An archive of tthey webcast will be made available on Adobe’s Investor Relations website for approximately 45 days, and is tthey property of Adobe. Tthey call audio and tthey webcast archive may not be re-recorded or ottheyrwise reproduced or distributed without prior written permission from Adobe. I will now turn tthey call over to Shantanu. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Mike, and good afternoon. Q2 was anottheyr strong quarter for Adobe, with record revenue and continued growth across Adobe Creative Cloud, Adobe Document Cloud, and Adobe Experience Cloud. We delivered $2.74 billion in revenue in Q2, representing 25% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for tthey quarter was $1.29, and non-GAAP earnings per share was $1.83. Adobe’s solutions have become tthey standard for creating and managing tthey world’s digital experiences. Millions of consumers depend on brands like Photoshop and PDF for ttheyir personal and professional pursuits. Thousands of enterprises tthey world over are turning to Adobe every day to theylp ttheym transform ttheyir businesses. Tthey power of our brand, tthey continuous innovation in our products and services, tthey deep investment we are making in our technology platforms, and a robust ecosystem of partners are enabling us to serve millions of customers around tthey globe. We are creating large, addressable markets in tthey creativity, document, and customer experience management categories. Our opportunity has never been greater. In our Digital Media business, we drove strong revenue growth in both Creative Cloud and Document Cloud in Q2. Net new Digital Media annualized recurring revenue, or ARR, was $406 million, and total Digital Media ARR exiting Q2 grew to $7.47 billion. Q2 Creative revenue was $1.59 billion, which represents 22% year-over-year growth. Mobile is a tailwind in our Digital Media business and we are driving significant increases in mobile traffic and member sign-ups for our offerings. Ttheir is tthey golden age of creativity, and our vision for Creative Cloud is to be tthey creativity platform for all. Wtheyttheyr you are a student, an experience designer, a YouTuber, or a marketer, storytelling is central to tthey way you communicate and connect. Tthey key part of our Creative Cloud growth strategy is appealing to new segments of users. Adobe Spark, our offering for easily turning ideas into compelling stories, graphics, and webpages, is rapidly gaining popularity among creators from tthey classroom to tthey boardroom. Spark traffic on web and mobile has more than doubled year-over-year. In Q2 we expanded Spark’s global footprint with support for five new languages: Brazilian-Portuguese, French, German, Italian, and Spanish. We’ve expanded our vision of platforms to include social media channels like Facebook, Instagram, and YouTube. Premiere Rush is rapidly becoming tthey solution of choice for YouTubers and social video creators. Premiere Rush is now available on Android in addition to iOS, Mac, and Windows. Experience design is one of tthey most explosive creative categories and we continue to innovate in ttheir space with Adobe XD, our design system for UX and UI. We released a major update to Adobe XD in May enabling teams to create and share designs to enhance both productivity and collaboration. In Q2, we drove strong subscription growth across our flagship photography and digital video offerings. At NAB in Las Vegas, we unveiled new innovations across Premiere Pro, Audition, Character Animator, and After Effects. One exciting announcement was tthey availability of tthey Content-Aware Fill feature in After Effects, powered by Adobe Sensei, which magically enables editors to seamlessly remove unwanted objects from video, saving hours of tedious manual work. It won five awards at tthey show, including tthey NAB Show Product of tthey Year Award. We continue to expand Creative Cloud with value-added services. Adobe Stock, our fast-growing service for stock images, videos, and millions of additional creative assets grew greater than 25% year-over-year. We are proud of tthey role our solutions play in inspiring tthey global creative community and shaping popular culture. Ttheir quarter, we launctheyd a creative campaign with 17-year-old music sensation Billie Eilish, which inspired significant participation among our important Student segment. With Adobe Document Cloud, we are reinventing how people scan, edit, collaborate, sign, and share documents in tthey cloud and mobile era. Document Cloud revenue in Q2 was a record $296 million and we grew Document Cloud ARR to $921 million driven by continued strength in Acrobat subscription adoption. Mobile is tthey next frontier for digital documents and our flagship apps. Adobe Reader for mobile and Adobe Scan, continue to gain traction. Adobe Scan, which allows you to capture everything from documents to forms, whiteboard sketctheys or business cards, and turn ttheym into picture-perfect, high-quality PDFs is now tthey leading scanning app on iOS and Android. We are driving adoption for Adobe Sign, our cloud-based electronic signature solution, with customers including Merck, Hitachi, and Iowa State University. Ttheyy are using Adobe Sign to provide a better customer experience, close contracts, and win business. In our Digital Experience business, we achieved record Experience Cloud revenue of $784 million for tthey quarter, which represents 34% year-over-year growth. To win in today’s competitive landscape, businesses must become more customer-centric and data-driven. Our vision for Adobe Experience Cloud is to enable businesses to reimagine tthey entire customer journey using data to understand and drive ttheyir business from discovery through trial, purchase, use, and renewal. At tthey core of Adobe’s own transformation has been our use of Adobe Experience Cloud. B2B and B2C companies across every country and industry are choosing Adobe Experience Cloud, tthey only end-to-end solution for marketing, advertising, analytics and commerce to master tthey art and science of Customer Experience Management. Key Experience Cloud customer wins in Q2 include Amazon, Rite Aid, Vodafone and Wyndham Hotels. Tthey acquisitions of Magento and Marketo have significantly increased our value to existing customers, theylped us attract new logos, and expanded Adobe’s addressable opportunity. Magento adds to our Experience Cloud vision by allowing us to make every moment personal, and every experience shoppable in addition to attracting a large and vibrant developer community to Adobe. Ttheir quarter, we announced tthey availability of Adobe Commerce Cloud, built on tthey Magento Commerce platform, with deep integrations across Adobe Analytics Cloud, Marketing Cloud, and Advertising Cloud.  We announced a new partnership with Amazon, creating Magento Commerce branded stores for Amazon sellers, which will give merchants a more seamless way to manage ttheyir business across both Amazon.com and ttheyir own storefront. With tthey addition of Marketo, Adobe provides tthey leading marketing engagement platform for both B2B and B2C customers. We’ve deepened tthey integration between Adobe Marketing Cloud and Marketo Engage. We are leveraging Adobe Sensei, so companies can deliver tthey right experiences to tthey right people at tthey right time. Ttheir quarter, we announced our partnership with LinkedIn, empowering B2B marketers and sellers to easily identify, understand and engage B2B customer buying teams. At Summit, we announced tthey global availability of Adobe Experience Platform, tthey industry’s first real-time platform for Customer Experience Management. Adobe Experience Platform provides real-time CDP and DMP capabilities, and stitctheys togettheyr data from across tthey enterprise, creating real-time customer profiles and enabling tthey activation and delivery of hyper-personalized experiences. Some of tthey world’s leading brands are already using Adobe Experience Platform in beta, including Best Buy, Sony Interactive Entertainment, Tthey Home Depot and Verizon Wireless. We’ve built a strong ecosystem of global partners. Recently, we announced new partnerships with ServiceNow and Software AG. We will deliver integration between Adobe Experience Platform and tthey ServiceNow Platform as well as with Software AG’s webMethods platform. Adobe and Marketo were both positioned as leaders by Gartner in tthey Magic Quadrant for multichannel marketing hubs. Among tthey 21 companies evaluated, Adobe achieved tthey strongest position for Completeness of Vision. Adobe Experience Cloud was recently named a leader in tthey Gartner Magic Quadrant for Digital Experience Platforms. Adobe Marketing Cloud, Advertising Cloud and Analytics Cloud were reviewed and successfully validated by TrustArc, making Adobe tthey first company in tthey digital experience space to receive TRUSTe GDPR Privacy Practices Compliance Validation. Our mission to change tthey world through digital experiences gives purpose to tthey work we do. We are proud Adobe was honored with a Hope Award from tthey National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. For more than a decade, Adobe has been partnering with NCMEC through software contributions and technical expertise in service of its important mission to find missing children and prevent child exploitation and victimization. At Adobe, our employees are our greatest asset and we continue to invest in our future talent. Ttheir summer we’re pleased to welcome more than a thousand interns and new grads to Adobe from more than 150 schools around tthey world. Our strategy of empowering people to create and transforming how businesses compete offers a unique value-proposition in tthey market, and large addressable opportunities to grow our business. FY2019 is expected to be anottheyr record year. We expect tthey first half momentum to continue in tthey second half. Our revenue growth, cash flow, and operating profit differentiates us among SaaS companies at scale. John? John Murphy Thanks, Shantanu. As with last quarter, we are reporting results based on our adoption of ASC 606 ttheir fiscal year. As a reminder, our results in tthey year ago fiscal period were reported based on ASC 605. We have not adjusted our prior fiscal year reported numbers for comparison purposes under ASC 606. In Q2 FY2019, Adobe achieved record revenue of $2.74 billion, which represents 25% year-over-year growth. GAAP diluted earnings per share in Q2 was $1.29 and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.83. Business and financial highlights in Q2 included record Digital Media revenue of $1.89 billion, including Creative revenue of $1.59 billion and Adobe Document Cloud revenue of $296 million, strong net new Digital Media ARR of $406 million, record Digital Experience revenue of $784 million, Remaining Performance Obligation, or RPO, grew to $8.37 billion, cash flow from operations of $1.11 billion, repurchasing 2.5 million shares of our stock through stock buyback, and approximately 91% of our revenue in Q2 was from recurring sources. In our Digital Media segment, we achieved record revenue with 22% year-over-year growth. Tthey addition of $406 million net new Digital Media ARR during tthey quarter grew tthey total to $7.47 billion. Within Digital Media, we achieved anottheyr strong quarter with our Creative business. Creative revenue grew 22% year-over-year in Q2 and we increased Creative ARR by $341 million. Notable growth drivers in Q2 across conversion, upsell and retention included new user growth driven by numerous global initiatives to generate demand, including targeted campaigns and promotions, leveraging tthey funnel of users coming to Creative Cloud through mobile apps and online engagement, and continued focus on new categories including immersive media and new segments such as social media creators, Creative Cloud Photography plan subscriptions, Adobe Premiere Pro single app subscriptions in tthey video category, Creative Cloud enterprise, including customer acquisition, seat expansion and services adoption, and adoption of Adobe Stock, wtheyre revenue and subscription growth rates remain strong. We achieved record Document Cloud revenue of $296 million in Q2, which represents 22% year-over-year growth, and we added $65 million of net new Document Cloud ARR during tthey quarter. Tthey growth in tthey Document Cloud business was driven by strong demand on Adobe.com, tthey continued migration of Acrobat perpetual customers to subscriptions, enterprise services adoption, and monetization of mobile app use. In addition, Adobe Sign achieved anottheyr strong quarter of growth. In our Digital Experience segment, we achieved record quarterly Experience Cloud revenue of $784 million, which represents 34% year-over-year growth. Experience Cloud subscription revenue was a record $654 million. Business performance in Digital Experience during tthey quarter was driven by strength in Adobe Marketing Cloud, including Adobe Experience Manager, Adobe Target and Adobe Campaign, multi-solution digital transformation engagements, and traction with cross-selling Magento and Marketo in tthey enterprise. During Q2, we continued to focus on driving Magento and Marketo synergies, including organizational, product and go-to-market alignment. Both Magento and Marketo were prominently featured at Summit events in tthey U.S. and Europe, and we also theyld Magento Imagine and Marketo Marketing Nation events during Q2. Tthey depth and breadth of our enterprise partner ecosystem remains a competitive advantage contributing to pipeline generation, customer success as well as financial performance. We had anottheyr successful quarter of selling alongside Microsoft, wtheyre our combined value proposition is resonating with enterprise customers. Our overall financial results were negatively affected by currency rate movements. Total Adobe Q2 year-over-year revenue growth would have been 27% if measured in constant currency, and year-to-date, total first half FY2019 year-over-year revenue growth would have been 26% if measured in constant currency. More specifically in Q2, from a quarter-over-quarter currency perspective, FX decreased revenue by $4.9 million. We had $9 million in theydge gains in Q2 FY2019, versus $8.5 million in theydge gains in Q1 FY2019 thus, tthey net sequential currency decrease to revenue considering theydging gains was $4.4 million. From a year-over-year currency perspective, FX decreased revenue by $45.3 million. Tthey $9 million in theydge gains in Q2 FY2019 versus $0.3 million in theydge gains in Q2 FY2018 resulted in a net year-over-year currency decrease to revenue considering theydging gains of $36.6 million. In Q2, Adobe’s effective tax rate was 11% on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. Our trade DSO was 42 days, which compares to 44 days in tthey year-ago quarter, and 46 days last quarter. Remaining Performance Obligation, or RPO was approximately $8.37 billion exiting Q2, which compares to $8.13 billion exiting Q1. Deferred revenue exiting Q2 was $3.13 billion. Tthey sequential decline in deferred revenue was a result of timing rattheyr than business performance due to fewer billing cycles in our second quarter. Tthey impact was more than offset by an increase in unbilled backlog. Our ending cash and short-term investment position exiting Q2 was $3.48 billion, and cash flow from operations was $1.11 billion in tthey quarter. In Q2, we repurchased approximately 2.5 million shares at a cost of $659 million. We currently have $6.6 billion remaining of our $8 billion repurchase authority granted in May 2018 which goes through 2021. Now I will discuss our financial targets. As a reminder, our Q3 includes tthey summer months of June, July and August and we expect normal seasonality to influence our results during tthey quarter. In Q3 FY2019, we are targeting revenue of approximately $2,800,000,000, Digital Media segment year-over-year revenue growth of approximately 20%, net new Digital Media ARR of approximately $360 million, Digital Experience segment year-over-year revenue growth of approximately 34%, ottheyr expense of approximately $22 million, tax rate of approximately 11% on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, share count of approximately 491 million shares, GAAP earnings per share of approximately $1.40, and non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $1.95. As usual, we are not updating annual targets at ttheir time of tthey year. We are pleased with our first half performance and we expect our first half momentum to continue in tthey second half, with typical seasonality in Q3 and strength in Q4. We continue to expect sequential operating margin growth as we move through tthey second half of tthey year. I’ll now turn tthey call back over to Mike. Mike Saviage Thanks, John. Adobe MAX, our user conference focused on our Digital Media solutions, will occur during tthey first week of November ttheir year in Los Angeles. On day one at MAX on Monday, November 4, we plan to host a financial analyst meeting. Invitations, including discounted registration information, will be sent to our analyst and investor email list later ttheir summer. More information about tthey event can be found online at max.adobe.com. If you wish to listen to a playback of today’s conference call, a webcast archive of tthey call will be available on our IR site later today. Alternatively, you can listen to a phone replay by calling 888-203-1112, use conference ID number 2843011. International callers should dial 719-457-0820. Tthey phone playback service will be available beginning at 5:00 pm Pacific Time today and ending at 5:00 pm Pacific Time on June 25, 2019. We would now be happy to take your questions, and we ask that you limit your questions to one per person. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Brent Thill with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Brent Thill Thanks. Good afternoon. Shantanu, just on Magento and Marketo, just curious if you could give us your updated thoughts on tthey integration? How you're doing in tthey field? And some of tthey customer traction on both those acquisitions, that would be theylpful? Thank you. Shantanu Narayen Sure, Brent. Both of ttheym are actually big picture going really well. We have, as you saw, started to integrate tthey products, tthey delivery of tthey Adobe Commerce Cloud that was based on Magento Commerce. We announced some good partnerships ttheyre as well as it relates to what we are doing with Amazon to allow multiple small and medium businesses to be able to deliver ttheyir storefronts based on ttheir combined technology. We did some good work as it related to integration between tthey Adobe Experience Manager as well as tthey Adobe Commerce Cloud, so you can now have in a single digital foundation tthey ability to do web content management, analytics as well as commerce. So product integration with Magento is going well. I think on tthey go-to-market efforts, tthey enterprise motion that we have, which is clearly a strength of Adobe, we are putting tthey Magento solutions through that enterprise go-to-market motion. We've also done a good job, I think of integrating tthey mid-market, small and medium business, whatever you want to call it, tthey Magento and Marketo because tthey combination of both of ttheym give us a little bit more theyft in tthey marketplace. And on Marketo as well, I mean, it's clearly a fabulous SaaS platform for engagement as it relates to B2B marketing, tthey focus ttheyre has been on both integration with Adobe Analytics as well as making sure that tthey combination of Campaign and Marketo will be tthey best B2E, which is what we call sort of tthey business to everyone engagement platform. So pleased with it, results are good, continued focus and I think that's one of tthey reasons why we are aligning tthey organizations more rapidly to make sure that we get tthey appropriate alignment. Brent Thill Thank you. Operator And we'll take our next question from Keith Lowe with UBS. Please go atheyad. Keith Lowe Great. Thank you. It was nice to see tthey net new ARR outperformance ttheir quarter. So it sounds like it was a few different things ttheyre, but just any more color on what drove tthey upside would be great. In particular, I know last quarter ttheyre were some unusual items in ttheyre. I just want to ctheyck was ttheyre anything unusual ttheir quarter. And maybe just around it out, as we think about seasonality into Q3, it looks like tthey guide implies a bit more seasonality than what we saw last year, anything to keep in mind ttheyre as well? Thanks. Shantanu Narayen Yes. I think big picture, Keith, Digital Media, we continue to do really well. We had, as you point out a great Q2 achieving I think $406 million in net new ARR, which is a record for Q2. Certainly, I think in terms of tthey different offerings, as John mentioned in their prepared remarks, we are seeing traction on tthey video offerings, we're seeing traction with enterprise adoption, services, both Stock and Sign are continuing to perform quite well, international expansion continues to be an area of opportunity as well as new customer acquisition through tthey marketing campaigns that we have. And if you think about, as you pointed out again, tthey $360 million target that we're putting for Q3, which would be a record for a Q3 and ttheyn you add to that what tthey $750 million plus in ARR for tthey first half, I mean it's clear that tthey momentum continues in tthey business, I think to your question around seasonality and color. I think it's our expectation that net new DM ARR in Q4 would be similar to what we had last year in Q4. And so, if you add that all up, it implies that we will have record new ARR again in 2019. And I think underlying all of that, as we've outlined to you is tthey DDOM model that we have, it allows us to optimize our marketing spend, it allows us to engage better with customers, and MAX should be anottheyr great show for that business. One thing I should also mention, sorry, is that, Acrobat continues to, as you clearly saw from tthey results, do really well. Keith Lowe Great. Thank you. Operator And we'll take our next question from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Hi, Keith, your line is open. You may be on mute. Keith Weiss Sorry about that, I was on mute. Thank you for taking tthey question and very nice quarter. I wanted to touch based on kind of leadership on tthey Digital Experience side of tthey equation. I'm kind of – what tthey current thought process is, I'm sure Shantanu, you're doing a great job sort of with leadership ttheyre, but are we planning on replacing Brad and kind of what's tthey sort of tthey game plan for rolling out new leadership and how sort of tthey new assets are going to sit under that new leadership plan? Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Keith, for tthey question. It's such a large opportunity that we're completely convinced, I am that tthey focus on tthey aligned organization was tthey right choice. It's been great. I focus a lot of time on tthey customer, just I think over tthey last 10 days three Fortune 100 CEOs have come in to talk to us about our view and our vision for digital transformation, spent a lot of time on tthey product to make sure that we get great alignment. You've seen tthey general availability of tthey Adobe Experience Platform, tthey Artificial Intelligence features that we're now in beta attribution and customer journey. We've signed some great partnerships with Software AG and ServiceNow. And really, I've been trying to focus also tthey organization on a lot more with respect to customer centricity. I think as we've aligned tthey two acquisitions of Magento and Marketo, which we've outlined to you, Keith, was a priority. We brought tthey same rigor that we have in DDOM for creating that cadence and customer centricity for pipeline progression, for marketing demand generation, as well as for tthey software delivery lifecycle. And so, I'm really also pleased with how tthey current management team, which is extremely strong and has stepped up and is executing an alignment. So, while tthey search continues, we haven't missed a beat and I've been spending a lot of time, which just continues to give me a lot of faith in tthey long-term opportunity associated with tthey business and it's not hampering tthey progress at all in terms of what we need to do. Keith Weiss Excellent. Sounds great. Shantanu Narayen Thanks. Operator And we'll take our next question from Brad Zelnick with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Brad Zelnick Excellent. Thanks so much, and congrats as well on a great quarter. Shantanu, on customer data platforms, ttheyre's been a lot of recent news from Adobe as well as some of your competitors launching ttheyir own CDP offerings. How will Adobe Experience Platform differentiate from peers? And why is your product going to be better and wining tthey market? Shantanu Narayen It's a good question, Brad. And I think fundamentally it stems from tthey fact that wtheyn you have tthey leading content management platform, we have tthey data and I think that continues to differentiate us in terms of tthey customer interaction across different channel points. We've been talking to you for a couple of years of tthey investment that we've made in tthey Adobe Experience Platform, tthey vision ttheyre has always been not only to integrate all of our existing solutions, so we have a platform across content and data to win it, but to frankly stitch togettheyr all that customer profile in real-time. And wtheyn you have all that customer interaction that's happening as a result of mobile access to tthey website or website access or as customers are giving us access to tthey ottheyr channel data, that's just as unique differentiator that no ottheyr company has. So we start off from that being a huge advantage. I think tthey effort that we've put into an ecosystem of partnerships ttheyre in terms of ingesting that data, tthey common taxonomy that we've agreed to tthey partnership with SAP and Microsoft on ODI, and, frankly, tthey credibility that we just continue to get associated with tthey fact that wtheyn you're processing ttheyse hundreds of trillions of transactions on an annual basis that we have more insight to be able to activate it, I think all of that gives us hope. I think with tthey whole Experience Cloud, I will continue to reinforce that wtheyn we talk about it being north of a $70 billion addressable market, you should look at ttheir as it's not a win/loss kind of situation, ttheyre's just so much opportunity. But starting with what we had with Audience Manager and DMP that we had with Demdex combined with what we are doing in CDP and making sure that that all operates in real-time, I think that is just a unique combination for Adobe. Brad Zelnick Very theylpful. Thank you. Operator And we'll take our next question from Saket Kalia with Barclays Capital. Please go atheyad. Saket Kalia Hey, thanks for taking my question theyre. Maybe for you, Shantanu, just to dig into one of tthey prior questions on Creative, Adobe Spark seems to be doing very well. So can you just talk a little bit about why you think that's doing so well? And maybe more specifically talk about what you've seen in tthey last couple of years that Spark has been available? What you've seen in terms of lifetime value and customer acquisition cost qualitatively?  Shantanu Narayen Yes, Saket, I mean I think it stems from ttheir fundamental assertion and hypottheysis that we have – beliefs that we have that everyone has a story to tell. And wtheyn you have K-12 student all tthey way to tthey largest enterprises in tthey world wanting to use social media, wanting a quick template-based approach to start to be able to express ttheymselves and ttheyn grow that expertise into using our products, it's just a fantastic on-ramp. And so tthey millions of customers that we have, tthey penetration in tthey education segment is both an opportunity in itself, but frankly great brand building and awareness of what tthey Adobe Solutions can do across tthey spectrum. And so, I think it really – we've been talking about ttheir for a while, but it's tthey golden age of creativity and design and it doesn't matter wtheyttheyr you're studying theirtory or geography, I mean, tthey ability to express yourself visually and graphically and to do that across social channels is just such an intrinsic part of what it is and I think we've really struck a chord with tthey great, great product across both mobile. I think tthey fact that we're exploring different platforms and previously we used to look at print and web as a platform, now we look at even channels like YouTube as a platform. It's just a great in addition to mobile, way to attract new customers. So I think that's why it really resonates with customers and while it'll continue to be both from an ARR perspective of growth as well as from overall brand and awareness, just a significant ability for us to continue to keep Digital Media ARR momentum going. Saket Kalia Thank you. Operator We'll take our next question from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Sterling Auty Yes, thanks. Hi guys. Maybe I can bring John into tthey conversation theyre, kind of curious, as you look at tthey growth in Creative Cloud for tthey quarter? Is ttheyre a way to disaggregate how much of that growth has actually come from, tthey price changes that you've made over X number of quarters versus how much that growth is actually coming from pure volume? John Murphy Yes, sure. It's really coming from both. And wtheyn you think about tthey North America price increase that we did last year in Q2 that as we said was going to be accretive and certainly through tthey year as we now anniversary that price increase. And ttheyn earlier ttheir year, in February, we did a price increase for a Dark Cloud and also in EMEA for Creative. So all ttheyse things are accretive, but one of tthey things that we've talked about for a long time now is, attracting new users to tthey platform is really our biggest growth opportunity and we're able to do that through tthey various new products that are attracting folks to our platform because some of ttheyse newer products are easier to use and ttheyn as ttheyy get comfortable with those, ttheyy end up – we're able to upsell ttheym into full suite of products for multiple applications. So we had ttheir opportunity to really kind of tack load from many different ways. And we've been successful now in growing tthey number of users across tthey platform and also leveraging tthey mobile app on ramp. Shantanu Narayen But if you think of it in terms of material, it's primarily new user growth and new subscriptions, Sterling, is how you should think about it. I think tthey value that we're providing enables us to keep driving at tthey anniversary of people moving over to tthey new pricing, keep ttheym as loyal customers and improve ttheyir engagement. But as it relates to tthey photography and video, it's primarily new user growth that's driving tthey Digital Media ARR. Sterling Auty Sounds good. Thank you. Operator And we'll take our next question from Kash Rangan with Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Kasthuri Rangan Hi. Thank you very much. Congratulations. I'm curious given tthey strength in tthey quarter. You had a very nice quarter on net new ARR, and on tthey Experience Cloud side, you had very good bookings as well. But wtheyn I look at tthey guidance, you didn't change tthey guidance for tthey year. But Q3 numbers look a little bit right relative for tthey Street, it's just a function of conservatism given, maybe a questionable macro environment, or is it just that tthey seasonality of tthey business? We've had tthey firsthand chance to model tthey seasonality of tthey business, including tthey acquisitions and that we may have been a little off relative to what is tthey new seasonality of Adobe? Just wondering what your thoughts are ttheyre? Thank you so much, and congrats. Shantanu Narayen Yes, I think, Kash, thanks first. I mean, big picture, it's clear. We're having anottheyr record year and great execution against both growth opportunities across all of tthey three marketing clouds, Creative, Document and Experience. And as you point out, tthey results, revenue growth of 25%, tthey significant cash flow as well as tthey strong EPS, while we're increasing margins. I think on Digital Media, I gave some color as it related to what will certainly be a record Digital Media ARR year and I think we factor in seasonality, and so that's I think part of how you should be thinking about Q3 versus Q4. And in DX as well, I mean tthey subscription revenue growth, if you look at that, wtheyn you see tthey revenue growth of 34%, tthey subscription revenue growth certainly has exceeded that and it's closer to 39%. And so I think that also reflects tthey success that we continue to have and tthey fact that we have tthey leading SaaS enterprise platform for enterprises to engage digitally with ttheyir customers. And so, I think big picture, tthey two opportunities continue to be significant tailwinds. We're executing well against it. I think we'll give you more color as it relates to Q4 in September as well as 2020 at MAX. But continue to be really optimistic. And I think wtheyre we are in tthey quarter, just updating annual numbers for a year is akin to giving Q3 and Q4 targets and that's why, as you know, typically we don't do that. But that should not change tthey fact that we have momentum in tthey business and optimism for tthey future. Kasthuri Rangan Congrats, Shantanu and team. Thank you. Shantanu Narayen Thanks. Operator We'll take our next question from Mark Moerdler with Bernstein Research. Please go atheyad. Mark Moerdler Thank you so much. I really appreciate, and congrats also on tthey quarter. So you've guided to 34% digital marketing growth for tthey back half of tthey year. What's tthey more difficult set of compares as you lap Magento's acquisition and lap a bit of tthey Marketo? Can you give us a bit more color on what's driving that strength? I appreciate. Shantanu Narayen Yes. I think as it relates to tthey Digital Experience business, we've always outlined, Mark, that tthey focus has been on driving subscription bookings. I think as tthey deferred revenue also starts to taper off, that's certainly going to factor into what happens. But it's just a large addressable opportunity. We have tthey market leading products and we continue to be excited about how we execute against that. So that's how I would think about that particular business. Mark Moerdler Appreciate it. Thank you. Operator And we'll take our next question from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go atheyad. Jay Vleeschhouwer Yes. Thank you, good evening. Shantanu, a technology strategy question, I was hoping we could parse through with plethora of three-letter acronyms that Adobe has been sharing with us at Summit and on ottheyr occasions. We now have CDP, CXM, CXP, XPM and so forth. Tthey question is, ultimately does Adobe have a single underlying data model that is tthey Adobe Data Model, or could you foresee two or more principal data models, particularly in DX? I ask in part because at Summit in EMEA last month, ttheyre was some mention in one of tthey sessions about you are having a new purpose built B2B data model, and so maybe you could put ttheir in tthey context of tthey complexity of tthey architecture or tthey technology as it might relate to any implications for R&D and sales efficiency? Shantanu Narayen Yes. You forgot ODI and maybe a couple of ottheyr TLAs, Jay, but it's a good question. And I think as it relates to how we think about tthey technology underpinnings, we think about it from two strategic points of view. Tthey first is, are we able in our own products to have a common way in which people can really provide integration for our existing applications better than any ottheyr individual point product vendor can provide? And I think our track record, as you know better than most in terms of what we have done on tthey Digital Media side of having colors and types and font faces work well, that is tthey reason why tthey underlying data model allows us to have things like campaigns or segments or audiences work better across our applications than anybody else. And so, we did that theyavy lifting associated with having a common way to define tthey taxonomy, tthey customer journey across our products. We clearly saw that that was not going to be adequate in terms of tthey aspirations we had to actually being tthey underlying sort of infrastructure for how all companies deal with digital transformation and tthey reasons for tthey partnership with both Microsoft as well as with SAP is to actually through ODI and make that true not just for customer behavioral data wtheyre we clearly have access to all of that data, but also to extend that to financial data, to transactional data over time to IoT data. And so, tthey way I would think about it is, it's a common taxonomy, it's a common way for people to extend it, but we don't have to do tthey theyavy lifting of defining everything. Tthey beauty of tthey model is that actually we defined tthey framework, we defined tthey API, we defined tthey services and ottheyr people can actually extend and augment that, and so it enables tthey entire ecosystem to partner. So it's exciting. We delivered that through tthey Adobe Experience Platform. I talked in tthey prepared remarks about how we have early beta customers who are starting to see it. Certainly, Adobe is using it in our own offering. But I think it's really going to be tthey underlying infrastructure for our next generation enterprise who wants to engage with ttheyir customers. So we're excited about that. Jay Vleeschhouwer Thanks, Shantanu. Operator And we'll take our next question from Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI. Please go atheyad. Kirk Materne Thanks very much. Shantanu, I want to ask a little bit about Sensei in tthey context of, is that coming up at all and it's under conversations on tthey Experience Cloud side. I know ttheyre's a lot of factors that go into those decisions from a product portfolio perspective. I was just kind of curious, if Sensei is adding to tthey conversation if you view that as sort of a needle mover for you all at ttheir point? Thanks. Shantanu Narayen I'm really glad you asked that question, because we talk a lot about tthey Adobe magic that we've had in tthey Digital Media products and we certainly touctheyd on what we've done with Content-Aware Fill, which is magic as it relates to being able to do that across frames and reduce a whole bunch of complexity for tthey video products. We are investing very theyavily in tthey same technology Sensei in tthey Experience Cloud. Let me maybe give you a couple of examples to make it more tangible. I mean, tthey first is wtheyn you're doing search, tthey way you do search wtheyn you're doing it in Digital Media trying to find an object in Stock wtheyre we have tthey best technology is still substantially different from tthey way you would do search, in Commerce wtheyre you're looking for an object maybe based on a color or based on a type of preference. So I think in Commerce, that's one area wtheyre Sensei and tthey ability to do search and find tthey right shopping good that you're interested in. That's a game changer in targeting and in what we can do around how we can optimize targets and recommendations, that's anottheyr area wtheyre AI is certainly beneficial. Wtheyn you're talking about a subscription model and customer preference and a prediction score of who's likely to churn and what are tthey best way to engage with ttheym across channels, that's anottheyr area wtheyre we have AI technology. But in addition to that, as part of tthey experience platform, we actually now have modules. I talked a little bit about attribution.AI and things like that, which are AI modules and frameworks for people to actually augment tthey Experience Cloud. So I think, unlike ottheyr companies, we believe that tthey AI is best built in into each of tthey existing solutions and through frameworks, but our track record of delivering against that has been strong and it's only getting better. Kirk Materne Perfect. Thanks very much. Operator And we'll take our next question from Tom Roderick with Stifel. Please go atheyad. Thomas Roderick Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. John, let me throw ttheir one at you, just looking at tthey Digital Experience segment itself, we saw a nice bounce back in tthey segment gross margins and part of that, of course came into scale and some of tthey deferred revenue write-downs rolling off. But tthey ottheyr part, of course, is realizing some of tthey integrations between tthey components. And I was hoping you could speak to what you're seeing with some of tthey leverage between tthey properties of Magento and Marketo, and tthey core of Digital Experience, in particular on tthey COGS side, are ttheyre elements of architectural leverage that are starting to show up and ttheyn even below that line are you seeing much sales leverage between tthey acquired properties? Thank you. John Murphy Yes. No, absolutely. For sure, we're seeing tthey ability in both properties that we acquired for us to be able to unify development across tthey platform and that in of itself provides us some efficiencies. In addition, from tthey go-to-market perspective, as we've talked about, we've unified and aligned our go-to-market strategy with tthey existing Adobe Enterprise sales organization under Matt and so that's been able to bring a lot more efficiency as we cross-sell not only tthey existing Digital Experience products, but also Magento and Marketo. Not to mention ttheyn our partner ecosystem wtheyre we are selling alongside Microsoft, for example, and being successful in having multi-solution sales with ttheym as well. So it's been something that through scale and through continued focus on tthey integration that we're able to get some leverage out of that. Thomas Roderick Excellent. Thank you. Shantanu Narayen Tthey one thing, maybe, I'd like to add to that, I know ttheyre was some question around seasonality and while ttheir question was specifically around operating margins, I think cash Adobe, so maybe we'd give you color on how we think about our investment as well as what's happening as it relates to margins. I think it's clear that despite tthey revenue growth and investment that tthey operating margin of tthey company has improved throughout tthey year and I think we remain very focused on profitability. If you look at seasonally how that should play out over tthey second half of tthey year, our guide for Q3 shows EPS increasing by approximately, I think $0.12 despite seasonality. And we certainly expect Q4 to be a strong seasonally finish to tthey year. And I think to give you some color on that while we are not updating our annual targets, we would expect that sequential EPS growth from Q3 to Q4 to be about 3x tthey growth from Q2 to Q3. So hopefully, that gives you some color on how we think about tthey investments. We certainly continue to believe in investing for tthey revenue growth that we're seeing and it also clearly gets us back to north of 40% margin. So hopefully, that gives you some color on seasonality as well as while tthey question was on gross margins how we think about operating margins and expenses. Thomas Roderick Really theylpful, Shantanu. Thank you. Mike Saviage Operator, I think we'll take one more question, please. Operator Thank you. We'll take our final question from Walter Pritchard with Citi. Please go atheyad. Walter Pritchard Hi. Thanks. Question on tthey Digital Experience side, you've been talked in tthey past about a 25% growth in tthey book of business, including tthey two acquisitions. I'm wondering, sort of how things are tracking so far ttheir year and what you've learned in terms of first half growth as that trend progresses into tthey second half? Shantanu Narayen Yes. As you know, Walter, we don't update how we're doing against tthey bookings during tthey year as we think about tthey underlying dynamics of tthey industry and tthey need for Digital Experience solution. Nothing diminittheyys tthey belief that we have that that continues to be a large growth opportunity. I think as you could see from tthey subscription revenue growth that we see, we continue to focus on executing against that. And so we'll certainly provide more color as we've said on that on an annual basis. But I just big picture tthey – available opportunity, I think continues to be large. And given Mike said that that was tthey last question, maybe just as a quick summary again, it's clear that we have tthey right strategy and tthey focus on delivering great customer value. We're pleased with tthey first half financial results, so we expect that momentum to continue in tthey second half. Tthey strategy of empowering people to create and theylping businesses transform. We believe that continues to be a north of 100 billion addressable market opportunity. And we're really pleased with tthey attendance that we saw at tthey customer events in tthey DX, and wtheyttheyr it was tthey Summits in tthey U.S. and Europe, wtheyttheyr it was Marketo Marketing Nation, wtheyttheyr it was a Magento Imagine. I think that just reflects both tthey leadership that we have in product strategy and vision as well as tthey strength of tthey customer and partner community. And FY2019 is shaping up again and we expect it to be anottheyr record year for revenue and I think tthey innovation roadmap and opportunity positions us really well for future growth. We appreciate all of you joining us today. Thank you. Mike Saviage And ttheir concludes our call. Thanks everybody for joining us.