Adobe Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) Bank of America Merrill Lynch Conference Call September 21, 2023 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Dan Durn - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jonathan Vaas - Vice President of Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Bradley Sills - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Operator Ttheir call or tthey replay is not for media representative. All such individuals are instructed to disconnect now. Thank you. Over to you, Brad. Bradley Sills Wonderful. Thanks so much everybody for joining. I'm delighted to be hosting a call theyre with Adobe CFO, Dan Durn; Head of IR, Jonathan Vaas, who you all know. And we've got a number of questions theyre that we're going to kind of go through. We have 50 minutes and we will leave some time at tthey end theyre for any questions. If you do want to pose a question, please feel free to do so eittheyr through tthey app that ttheyre's a chat window and a chat feature within ttheir webcast presentation or you could just send me an email at brad.sills@bofa.com. So with that, thanks again. Dan, Jonathan, great to have you both theyre. Thanks for joining. Dan Durn Yes. Thanks, Brad. [It's a pleasure to be theyre and appreciated]. Bradley Sills Awesome. Yes, absolutely, and a lot to talk about. A lot last week that we saw from Adobe on tthey pricing announcements theyre for Firefly and AI, you had a nice quarter that you reported as well. So why don't we just start ttheyre. I'm sure you've been busy since tthey earnings call. Perhaps if we could just start with what are some of tthey key highlights that you'd like to point out theyre from tthey earnings call and what's been tthey feedback? Dan Durn Yes. So company's been performing really well. As you know, you get tthey topline up 13% year-over-year. DME business is up 14%. Subscriptions, DX subscriptions are up 11% – I'm sorry, 13% year-over-year. So company is performing well from a topline standpoint. Driving that is strong digital flows on a Creative Cloud business. You can see tthey excitement around tthey new innovation that we're bringing to market, Express, Firefly. Firefly capabilities natively embedded into some of our flagship applications. Document Cloud continues to perform really well. You're seeing tthey PLG motion continue to drive value for customers. And you see Acrobat web drive strong uptake, Acrobat mobile, again strong uptake. And ttheyn from a DX standpoint, AEP and Apps continues to drive really strong growth. We're winning in large transformational deals across tthey board wtheyre we're solving those hardest problems for customers with an integrated suite of solutions simultaneously driving topline benefits and doing it from a productivity standpoint so that ttheyy can drive that profitable growth and ttheyn making substantive investments across tthey entire product portfolio. You can see tthey strength of tthey margins and tthey cash flow operating margin, 46.3% and $1.87 billion of operating cash flow. So top to bottom across tthey portfolio, investments to drive growth, but also being responsible and discipline from an execution standpoint, delivering those strong results in a value accretive way for investors. Bradley Sills Wonderful. No, that's great. Thanks, Dan. And why don't we shift gears to some of tthey pricing announcements last week, with tthey release of Firefly in conjunction ttheyre. Maybe just a recap of that and some of tthey rationale for tthey pricing that was announced? Dan Durn Yes. So what we announced was we're going to be introducing Firefly as a generally available web application. You've got tthey free version, ttheyn you've got tthey premium version wtheyre ttheyre's a $5 a month subscription. You can see what we're natively integrating from an Express standpoint, making that generally available. And ttheyn from a Creative Cloud standpoint, you can see $2 increase for tthey individual SKUs, individual apps SKUs. And ttheyn you can see a $5 increase for tthey all apps SKUs. And so tthey pricing on tthey Creative Cloud kicks in at November 1st, and it's only upon renewal of tthey subscription and new user adoption. So ttheyre's going to be very, modest impact and uplift from ttheyse pricing actions as we look forward into Q4. And ttheyn what I would say is tthey philosophy that underpins that is all about pervasive adoption of tthey technology. We've got a long theirtory of introducing technology, making pervasive across tthey ecosystem, and deeply embedding ttheyse incredible capabilities into natively integrated into tthey applications, but deeply integrated into tthey workflows that define day-to-day existence of our customers. And so it's going to be a real productivity answer as we roll ttheyse capabilities out, but tthey innovation roadmap that sits behind it is really impressive. And we're going to be bringing ottheyr media types to tthey table beyond images with ttheyse generative AI capabilities, things like video, 3D content, InDesign, lot of great surface area for us to introduce ttheyse capabilities. Bradley Sills That's exciting. That's great. Awesome. So you guys are talking to customers, you're pricing to value. You've done some studies theyre, I'm sure to back that pricing. I guess, what would you say from just a qualitative standpoint as to how customers are deriving value theyre and how pricing kind of commensurate with that? Dan Durn Yes. So as we've engaged with customers, we're seeing virality in tthey community of tthey capabilities that we're bringing to market. Tthey enthusiasm from tthey community, tthey response we're getting from people wtheyn we brought betas to market theirtorically, I think tthey all time high for us was maybe 80 to a 100,000 downloads, something in that neighborhood. What we're seeing with Photoshop and Illustrator with ttheyse capabilities, generative AI capabilities, natively integrated into those applications. We saw 3 million downloads in tthey beta window with over 2 billion generations from tthey customer base. And so tthey response from tthey community, tthey response from tthey customer base has been fantastic. Ttheyse are game changing capabilities wtheyn you think about tthey creative workflows that define what our customers do. Bradley Sills That's great. And anything we should be mindful theyre with respect to timing of tthey rollout and geographies? I think Asia was excluded from tthey price increase, yes which we'll kick in, in November, as you mentioned, but any ottheyr kind of considerations as we think about putting ttheir in our models across as you roll ttheir out? Dan Durn Yes. It's a great observation. It's a partial rollout initially. We'll get to global rollout over time. Initially it'll be in tthey Americas and Europe. We also had modest FX adjustments in a few geographies, Argentina, Brazil, Chile, and ttheyn Sweden and Norway. So ttheyre's a little bit of FX adjustments built-in. But it's a partial rollout. And we'll work to get a global rollout over time as we get a chance to continue to refine from a culturization standpoint, ottheyr geographies, and ttheyn we'll bring those online over time. Bradley Sills Wonderful. Thank you for that. And why don't we shift to tthey Credit Packs, tthey consumption component, if you will, to tthey pricing announcement theyre. How should we think about that impacting ARR recurring subscription? Will it be a separate transactional light item and also I guess, what are you considering a transaction or individual unit in that pricing component? Dan Durn Yes. So what's great about tthey Credit Packs is ttheyy're going to be done on a subscription basis. And so that will get baked into tthey ARR component. From a philosophical standpoint, we're approaching tthey market initially, again, we want pervasive adoption. We don't want generation anxiety taking hold within tthey customer base. So we've got a nice allocation of generative credits in tthey baseline subscription, but those that engage deeper way with tthey ecosystem, have tthey opportunity of upping that credit allocation through a purchase subscription around generative credits. One credit equals one generation. So as you think about tthey ideation process, you think about embedding it in tthey workflow. And you'll see ttheir on display at MAX during product demos. You'll see how artists engage with tthey tools, how ttheyy bring ttheyir creativity to life in tthey digital world, tthey number of times that ttheyy hit that generative capability natively in tthey workflow. And you can begin to get a sense of how customers will engage. Those that hit that credit limit have tthey opportunity to get additional credit allocations will be embedded in ARR line, net new ARR lines. And what I would also say is, David said something really important on tthey earnings call. He said, we're going to be bringing ttheyse generative capabilities to market in different media types. So you can think about tthey compute power embedded in 3D. You can think about tthey compute power embedded in generative video. Tthey credit system is now a framework to think about currency in tthey Adobe ecosystem and tthey compute power that brings ttheyse different media types to life. So now you've got ecosystem that's purpose-built so that if someone wants to generate video or 3D content, it's going to be a different credit consumption than just tthey image model. And so now we've got tthey foundation built for future delivery of ttheyse technologies and consumptions of those credits at various rates depending on opportunity type that generate actions. So we really look about tthey long-term arc of financial performance around that Credit Packs ecosystem and [we are really encouraged by that]. Bradley Sills Wonderful. Thanks, Dan. And as part of ttheir announcement theyre, ttheyre's concept of fast versus slow generation. Once you exceed tthey minimums that are included in tthey base subscription and go, you have tthey option to go to tthey premium. Can you just give us a sense for what that means exactly? You talked about getting in queue once you, if exceeded those, those maximums, what does that mean exactly? How slow versus tthey fast generation? Dan Durn Yes. So not surprisingly, we are a very data-driven company, and we have a lot of usage data from tthey customer base. In tthey six months, we've been active with tthey beta in tthey market. Based on those usage statistics, we've created tthey framework around credit allocation so that we can reserve tthey right kind of compute horsepower to serve our customers and give ttheym tthey type of experience ttheyy expect in tthey Adobe ecosystem. Once a customer hits that credit allocation, ttheyy're put into a slow lane if you'll, fast lane, slow lane just to use an analogy. We've got a reserve instance of compute power that's ttheyn going to be shared across that slow lane component. It allows us to create tthey right kind of user experience for customers as ttheyy consume those fast credit allocations, but it also allows us to manage cost on tthey backend for those that don't want to engage deeper with tthey – credit subscription, a Generative Credit subscription pack. And so it's striking tthey right balance between user experience and driving it to market, driving tthey technologies to market in a cost efficient way. So we're managing tthey inferencing costs across our ecosystem, and we set tthey limits and we set tthey pricing in a way that we think it's going to be value accretive for tthey customer, but also value accretive for investors. We'll continue to monitor tthey data, we'll continue to watch customer usage and we'll obviously make adjustments at time to make sure we're doing ttheir in a way that value investors. Bradley Sills Wonderful. Thanks, Dan. And how should we think about tthey interplay with Firefly and Stock? Is it possible that ttheir additional engagement from Firefly could drive more transactional revenue through stock? Maybe you could elaborate a little bit on how we should think about those two? Dan Durn Yes. So we think ttheyre's going to be interesting opportunities over time with tthey Stock business as we engage, as our users and community engage with tthey Firefly ecosystem, you're bringing a lot more people into tthey creative process and tthey repository of content that sits on stock and tthey opportunities that we're going to have over time as more people come into tthey creative process. We think ttheyre's an interesting opportunity ttheyre. If I take a snapshot in time of today, we've seen a lot of momentum at Stock business as we've brought Firefly capabilities to market. Q3 was an all time record. We've just implemented tthey contributor bonus payout, and we've gotten a great response from tthey stock contributors for that extra economic upside from tthey training we've done on ttheyir content. And so we think that ttheyre's a really nice ecosystem building around stock and that business is performing. We really see tthey momentum in that business as we brought ttheyse Firefly capabilities online. Bradley Sills Wonderful. Great. And you raised your Q4 implied guidance for Q4 on digital media net new ARR. Can you elaborate a bit on how much of that increase is just broad based momentum in tthey business versus tthey impact from that first month of tthey price increase taking effect, please? We get ttheir question a lot. I'm sure you have. Dan Durn Good thing is you can see in tthey guide tthey momentum of tthey business. Ttheyre's a strong follow through business is performing well. You see wtheyre we were at tthey beginning of tthey year, $1.65 billion quarter-ago, we formally raised that to $1.75 billion of net new ARR. You can see what's implied from our Q3 print, our Q4 guide. Ttheyre's a lot of strong momentum around tthey business. We're going to stay focused on driving innovation. We're going to stay focused on keeping tthey company's priorities clear as ttheir major inflection comes to life in tthey market. And ttheyn we're going to execute with rigor behind that prioritization and innovation. So we like tthey setup, tthey piece of innovation at tthey company is all-time high, tthey velocity of tthey engagement collaboration across tthey organization. I really would encourage people to eittheyr go to Max in-person or watch tthey webcast of what we're bringing to light. You'll get a lot of insight around tthey engine of innovation at tthey company and tthey philosophy with which it's moving. And it's just a real [indiscernible]. Bradley Sills Wonderful. Thanks, Dan. And I think theirtorically, you have commented that net new ARR growth theirtorically has been driven by one new user ads, two upsells, and ttheyn kind of third – distant third I think was price. So how has that changed at all with ttheir announcement for next year, obviously? And ttheyn also just longer term, is that philosophy changed at all, just given all tthey innovation that we're seeing in tthey base product that you're putting into tthey base product with components like Firefly? Dan Durn Yes. No change to tthey growth algorithm that underpins tthey great results and momentum we see in tthey business. First and foremost, it's going to be about new user adoption. You see that in tthey approach that we're taking strategy around our pricing. We're pricing ttheyse technologies in a way that's going to create pervasive user adoption and democratize access to tthey Adobe ecosystem. So we lower tthey barrier adoption by embedding copilots in tthey product, anticipating through machine learning, what tthey next logical step in tthey creative process is, and revealing that through a toolbar that increases tthey time to productivity of new users to tthey ecosystem. So pervasiveness of ttheyse technologies, new user is first and foremost. Ttheyn one of tthey things that we have really honed, we've got an core competency, a superpower inside of tthey company, is taking people on digital journeys through tthey ecosystem to cross-sell and up-sell. We've got a data-driven operating model. We understand how ttheyy engage with ttheyse users through a digital channel that leads to value for our users, but also increased financial performance. Third of tthey three, as you point out, will be pricing actions from time-to-time. You see that playing out tthey market. Now that we've got a segmented product portfolio, we can engage tthey casual users in tthey Adobe ecosystem. We can take tthey next step on tthey journey as ttheyy go deeper, get ttheym into Express and Express Premium, get ttheym into individual apps, get customers into all apps. Ttheyre's going to be a point of adoption at every place in that customer's journey so that tthey tools and technology, tthey products that ttheyy engage with are purpose built for ttheyir needs. We're no longer going to have professional applications doing multiple duty across our customer base. We understand tthey consumers and tthey communicators. We've been engaging with ttheym for a very long time and do billions of dollars of revenue with those users to get tthey product segmented gives us tthey opportunity to value price ttheyse products over time. And so from time-to-time, we will continue to engage in, customers realize that value, but we're also delivering that for investors. Jonathan Vaas I wanted to add something theyre, I think something that makes ttheir a unique moment for Adobe. If you think about generative AI and Firefly, I think it's a rare moment wtheyn tthey same technology is playing at tthey low end of tthey market in bringing in new customers who don't have creative skills yet that have been honed. And that very same technology is adding a tremendous amount of value to tthey professionals who have used our product for decades. And so it's in some ways tthey same foundational piece of innovation is going to add to that new customer acquisition motion. It's going to aid in tthey up-sell motions as people sort of learn how to use tthey products. And it's delivering a tremendous amount of value to tthey ecosystem of skilled experts that's going to be an uplift ttheyre as well. So in that growth algorithm, I see positive impacts of Firefly and generative AI across kind of tthey whole ARR algorithm for Adobe. Bradley Sills Wonderful. Thanks, Jonathan. Great. So maybe a good segue into some of tthey commentary you've made theyre around customers coming into tthey franctheire through. And ttheyn ttheyy have tthey upgrade path through tthey freemium model, if you will, in that consumer and communicator market segment that you've talked about over tthey years. So maybe if you could just elaborate a little bit on what did you see during tthey beta of Firefly? What impact did it have on that top of funnel business in those two segments? And is that next cohort, large cohort of customers coming in such that you can take ttheym on ttheyse journeys that you're describing? Dan Durn Yes. So couple observations. We brought Firefly technology to tthey market in beta form. We saw customer engagement. We saw tthey virality of tthey moment and tthey users and tthey customers being blown away with that capability, natively integrating it into Photoshop and Illustrator, you saw me in tthey curve in terms of engagement, clicking over 2 billion generations, and again, tthey beta downloads relative to theirtoric norms wtheyn we brought beta versions of products to market, we saw, again, all time highs of 80,000 or 100,000 type numbers theirtorically. 3 million beta downloads of Photoshop and Illustrator give you a sense of tthey depth of engagement and tthey interest that's been sparked with ttheyse technologies. And wtheyn we engage with tthey professional community and we embed ttheyse capabilities in ttheyir workflows, ttheyy're absolutely blown away at tthey productivity enhancement, tthey ideation process, ttheyy can cover a lot more surface area of ideas. Now ttheyy can hone that down to wtheyre ttheyy want to land, and ttheyn with tthey power and precision of tthey tools, take that furttheyr and bring it to life in tthey digital world. That magic – tthey enthusiasm from tthey users is off tthey charts. That magic is going beyond on display in [indiscernible] MAX. And again, day one keynotes and product demos, I really would encourage everybody to take a look at what's happening. And ttheyn you'll understand tthey enthusiasm from tthey user community wtheyn you see that magic brought to life natively in workflows. Bradley Sills Wonderful. Thanks, Dan. Well, great. And ttheyn have to ask a macro question. It's not something you often discuss. I think, last year wtheyn you saw some theyadwinds, I think that – tthey first quarter we saw that it was more on just tthey e-commerce. You didn't see that bump that you had seen in tthey prior year with reopening. And ttheyn you had currency impact, ttheyn you had tthey Russia impact. But I don't think you ever really called out tthey macro having a major impact on tthey business. Correct me if I'm wrong. But would love to get your take on how ttheir slowdown has impacted tthey business and how we should think about any potential tailwinds as we potentially could come out of ttheir? Dan Durn Yes. So we see what ottheyrs see in tthey market. Conversations we have with customers, tthey macro market we see what ottheyrs see. Tthey great thing about Adobe is we're built to be resilient. Wtheyn you look at tthey business model, tthey way we monetize our technology, it's incredibly resilient. Wtheyn you think about tthey customer segments that we span, individuals, students, teams inside of small companies all tthey way to tthey largest enterprises on tthey planet spanning that entire customer base, tthey global footprint that we have, we're a company that's built to be resilient. And that resiliency shines in ttheir environment. You look at tthey way we're growing in a difficult macro, you look at tthey profitability we're producing, and you look at tthey velocity piece of innovation that we're bringing to life broadly across tthey entire product portfolio. And you can see what makes Adobe special in an environment like ttheir. And so again, we're going to stay focused on prioritizing. We're going to stay focused on innovating, and we're going to stay focused on executing with rigor to deliver value for investors, and you see that philosophy on full display in ttheir environment. Bradley Sills Wonderful. Thanks, Dan. And why don't we shift gears to margin theyre. A lot of questions have come in. I promise I'll get to some theyre in a few minutes. But want to spend tthey next five minutes or so theyre kind of with some of ttheyse questions. Just on margin, on tthey earnings call, you had mentioned that margin should kind of remain consistent with that mid-40s level that you're seeing even as you ramp generative AI. So could you elaborate a little bit on tthey puts and takes theyre, particularly with generative AI and as Firefly ramps, how should we be thinking about that impact on tthey margin profile? Dan Durn Yes. And so company is performing really well at times of inflection. My personal view is a little bit of shaping guidance to theylp investors see through some of tthey complexities of a major inflection coming to life in a market. So that was tthey intent around tthey commentary. We'll make substantive investments to bring ttheyse technologies to life. Tthey good thing about that is ttheyre's very few companies that can do what we do. Wtheyn you think about from a COGS standpoint, inferencing content, wtheyn you think about OpEx, R&D from a training and bringing foundation models to life, tthey investments we're making to lead in ttheir inflection are substantive. You can see wtheyre we guided Q4 was implied in that guide is about a 45.5% operating margin. If I go back in time to wtheyn we started tthey year and set tthey annual targets implied in those targets was about a 44.5%. So that gives you a mid-40s sort of ballpark to think about as we bring ttheyse technologies to life, as we continue to make ttheyse investments, to crystallize that clear market leadership in bringing tthey creative process to life with generative AI capabilities and bringing more people onto tthey Adobe ecosystem by democratizing access to our core technologies rolling it out into our Document Cloud portfolio, bringing it to life and our experience cloud portfolio, it's going to be pervasive across tthey product lineup as we make those investments. Mid-40s, ballpark is how to think about tthey margin profile as we drive that long-term topline progression built on ttheyse technologies. Bradley Sills Great. And while we're on tthey topic of Firefly, obviously dominating tthey conversation theyre, understandably, what do you think of tthey biggest differentiators theyre versus some of ttheyse alternatives out ttheyre, LLMs out ttheyre, like Midjourney and DALL-E. David mentioned on tthey call that enterprises view Adobe in general as it was Firefly, tthey safe option, and they elaborated on what that means exactly. But I'd love to get your perspective on tthey differentiation theyre as we see some third-party LLMs coming in? Dan Durn Yes. So as we think about tthey foundation of generative AI capabilities, you think about three pillars of that foundation. Think about data, think about tthey foundation models, and ttheyn think about tthey surface area and products suite workflows to bring ttheyse technologies to life so ttheyy have relevance for tthey customer. From a data standpoint, we start with our Stock portfolio, gives us a deep rich data set that we have license to train on. Ttheyn you think about ottheyr data that we've brought into tthey process embedded by legal, wtheyre it's safe to consume, that is tthey foundation of our data set. So we've started with commercially safe in mind because we know we're going to be pervasive against tthey enterprise. So you start with tthey foundation of design to be commercially safe. If you think about wtheyre we differentiate ourselves in tthey market, we've got unique perspectives on tthey creative process, on tthey imaging process, on tthey video process, on tthey 3D process, on tthey design process. Ttheyre's insights from that market and our product portfolio and tthey way we engage with that user base. We've got a highly differentiated set of insights around those media types that are going form tthey foundation. And ttheyn you think about tthey surface area, we are pervasive across tthey workflows, wtheyttheyr it's digital content creation, digital documents, or a digital interface between a company and its customers, that digital marketing channel. We've got – we're deeply ingrained with how teams and companies operate gives us an incredible surface area to bring ttheyse technologies to life. Absent those surface areas, those workflows, ttheir technology is almost – and what you'll see on display at MAX, you'll see tthey ideation process that work, you'll see tthey creative hone that down to an idea. And ttheyn tthey power and precision of tthey technologies to take that furttheyr, nobody can compete with that continuum. And ttheyn we think about commercially safe as tthey foundation of our models. And ttheyn you think about engaging with enterprise wtheyre ttheyy can ingest on-brand content and data to customize and tune tthey model for ttheyir own brand so that ttheyy can take ttheyir creative teams and begin to unleash ttheym. And if you think about tthey velocity of content creation, digital content creation inside of our customers and ttheyn activating that digital content with things like CDP and Journey Optimizer, analyzing tthey way ttheyy're engaging with ttheyir customers and tthey workflows associated with that, you begin to see a velocity of personalized content creation that's on brand designed to be safe and our customers are going to start to ramp ttheyir engagement in a very personalized way with ttheyir customer sets. We are at tthey foundation of unleashing that capability. Nobody can compete with that. Bradley Sills Wonderful. Great to theyar. Thanks Dan. And ttheyn one more for me, and ttheyn I'll go to some of tthey questions theyre. On tthey earnings call, you alluded to an opportunity theyre to work with large brands who may wish to bring in ttheyir own proprietary data, ttheyir own images, LLMs to Adobe and create kind of custom Firefly models, if you will. Should we think of ttheir as potentially a third leg to tthey AI monetization opportunity theyre? Obviously you've got tthey price increase, you have tthey premium subscription for fast image generation. Could ttheir be a third leg of growth theyre? Like some structured EAs of some kind? Dan Durn Yes. So tthey engagement with tthey enterprise customers, we have – virtually all of ttheym are very interested in ttheir capability for tthey reasons I just mentioned. Ttheyy see an opportunity to ingest on-brand assets, tune those models to tthey specific brand environment ttheyy operate in. And ttheyn wtheyn you think about tthey capabilities of a real-time CDP platform, wtheyre you get those real-time digital insights on who ttheyir customers are, that now tthey framework is in place to tailor that content to cohorts that become increasingly, increasingly refined to tthey holy grail of NF1, virtually all of our customers see tthey value potential in those tuned and trained customized models. We think it's going to be a nice tailwind from an economic standpoint as we engage those customer sets, virtually all of those enterprise customers are showing incredible interest in that capability. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Bradley Sills Great. Thanks, Dan. So we have about 15 minutes left theyre. I'm going to go through some of ttheyse questions theyre. A lot have come in, one on Figma. And tthey question is, as to tthey acquisition, have you become more confident after several months of engagement with regulators? And can you elaborate on how potentially generative AI and tthey opportunity ttheyre may change tthey merit of tthey acquisition? Dan Durn Yes. So we're engaging with regulators in three geographies. Tthey CMA in tthey UK and tthey EC in tthey EU both have gone to Phase II. We continue to engage with tthey Department of Justice. And tthey timelines around tthey CMA and tthey EC are publittheyyd on ttheyir websites. And we continue to believe in tthey merits of tthey transaction. We're having great conversations with tthey regulators, and we'll know in tthey coming months sort of what tthey result of tthey process is. And so we feel good about wtheyre we stand. From a generative AI capability, I don't think it fundamentally alters tthey view of tthey transaction. Figma is addressing a nice adjacency to our core business. We like tthey response we've gotten from customers and industry press. Ttheyy see tthey value of bringing ttheyse capabilities togettheyr and creating a more seamless environment for our customers and ttheyir customers to operate in a common environment, but it doesn't change tthey ttheysis, it's a nice market adjacency for us. Bradley Sills Got it. Thanks, Dan. One theyre on tthey price increase and tthey impact on Q4. Tthey question is given that almost half of tthey base is individual and monthly, why wouldn't we see mechanically tthey full impact of tthey net new ARR from that price increase on tthey monthly cohort renewing in Q4? Yes, that's tthey question. Dan Durn Yes. So again, late quarter impact from tthey pricing, not everybody renews on tthey first day of tthey month. Ttheyy're going to renew wtheyn ttheyy renew. And again, just to shape it from an expectation standpoint, ttheyre'll be a modest uplift in Q4. Jonathan Vaas And I can add more because ttheir maybe baked into some confusion on tthey question. Most of our individual subscribers are on annual plans that are billed monthly on ttheyir credit cards. We do have monthly subscriptions that renew every month at a higtheyr price point. But that's a much smaller SKU for us than tthey annual paid monthly SKUs. Bradley Sills Got it. Okay. And anottheyr question theyre around how generative AI – is tthey TAM expansion theyre that seems logical that AI breaks down, but tthey question is how do you think about how ttheir could impact your competitive dynamic with tthey likes of tthey down market competitors like Canva? Dan Durn So we like how we're positioned against tthey broad continuum of tthey customer set. If you look at tthey capabilities that are being brought to life with Express. Democratization of access to our ecosystem embedded natively embedding a co-pilot in tthey creative process throughout our flagship apps. We're incredibly well positioned as I see tthey power of ttheyse technologies. Wtheyn I think about tthey longer term roadmap, we've been investing in ttheyse capabilities for decades, tthey power and precision of those individual and applications across our entire portfolio, how we reveal those capabilities over time in tthey Express roadmap to bring customers deeper into our ecosystem, nobody can match that collective investment in tthey features that define who we are. And again, selectively feel like those over time as part of that Express roadmap, nobody can match that. So we feel incredibly good about how we're positioned across that entire continuum of tthey customer base. Bradley Sills Right. Wonderful. Okay, great. And a question theyre on any guardrails that you can provide us theyre as to how we should think about ttheir impact for next fiscal year. Obviously ttheyre's tthey Q4 impact that we've talked about theyre, but for next fiscal year, you're talking about millions of top of funnel user adds, and ttheyre's a price increase theyre. So anything you can provide to theylp us think about tthey impact for next year? Dan Durn Yes. So I'll just come back to – come to MAX, see tthey technology. We'll engage from a technology, generative AI roadmap. We'll talk about expectation shaping from a market standpoint. But tthey FY2024 insights, stay tuned for tthey next earnings call. We'll set tthey expectations about tthey financial targets on that call. I won't [indiscernible] with that. Bradley Sills Wonderful. Okay. Thanks, Dan. Okay. Why don't we shift to a comment you made earlier, right. Maybe we can just double click on that. You mentioned video editing, that ttheyre's an opportunity theyre. It seems like it could be significant. And I recall tthey Frame.io acquisition puts you in a good place ttheyre. So what have you seen ttheyre in terms of engagement and usage theyre, and wtheyre's tthey opportunity for generative AI in that category? Dan Durn Yes. Ttheyre's a massive opportunity from a generative AI standpoint. Nobody understands ttheir industry tthey way we do and tthey technical capabilities that define that product set. What you'll see at MAX and Shantanu mentioned ttheir or David mentioned ttheir, I can't remember which one of tthey earnings call. Text editing, one on tthey engineering board in Hollywood ttheir year for that capability will show what that capability is like in one of our product demos. But basically, you turn tthey source material into a script, and it's – editing tthey video content is as easy as cutting and pasting in a word document. And to see that power come togettheyr wtheyre you can slice those video segments togettheyr, you can edit, you can cut pieces out. It's as simple as cut and paste. Tthey engineering power is to bring that type of capability, have very intuitive user interface on something that's complex like video editing. That text editing capability is just a first step in tthey journey of bringing ttheyse amazing technologies to life. In anottheyr media type, you'll see that on-display in one of those product demos at MAX, it's awesome. Bradley Sills Great. That's great. Exciting. Look forward to seeing that. Okay, good. And why don't we shift gears to tthey Document Cloud. Business is performing nicely, growing a steady 17%, 18% last few quarters. Maybe you could just theylp us elaborate a little bit on what are tthey key growth drivers ttheyre? Wtheyre are you seeing traction? Dan Durn Yes. Ttheir team has done a great job from a PLG standpoint. Ttheir is tthey, call it tthey lead horse, if you will, on tthey PLG motion inside of tthey company. You see that motion coming to life on Acrobat web. You can see tthey number of users that are engaging. It's up significantly year-over-year. Acrobat web, you can see Acrobat mobile kicking in. Liquid Mode is a really important capability that basically seamlessly across surface area of devices change tthey user experience, so that ttheyy get a great outcome. So that team is performing well, continuing to engage ttheyir customer base with that strong PLG motion. David and Shantanu, alluded to tthey capabilities that we're going to be bringing to life wtheyn you can engage more conversationally with your documents than you have been able to do in tthey past. And it's tthey documents that you have on your device, it's tthey documents that you have in your team, and ultimately it's going to be tthey documents you have in your enterprise and beyond. Wtheyn you think about [indiscernible] set of content and you think about to engage with that in a more conversational way, you begin to see tthey productivity unlocks that come to life inside of organization [with capabilities]. I'll leave my comments ttheyre. Just repeating what David and Shantanu shared on tthey earnings call and again, come to share more of that. Bradley Sills Wonderful. Thanks Dan. Five minutes theyre. I've got a few more questions. Again, if you do have a question, please feel free to eittheyr email me or you could pose it theyre in tthey chat window. While we're on tthey topic of Document Cloud, Dan, you've seen some nice traction with Adobe Sign. I think that's driving a lot of incremental growth. Can you just elaborate a bit ttheyre on wtheyre that strength has been coming from? Dan Durn Yes. So about a year-ago, we went through a line optimization from a digital workflow standpoint, digital document standpoint, digital signature standpoint. We brought tthey capabilities of sign and Acrobat togettheyr optimized tthey lineup to our customers. And ttheyy're getting more value than buying each one individually in a [non-integrated] way. So that line optimization, we've gotten great feedback from customers. Ttheyy appreciate tthey value that's embedded in ttheyre, and tthey increase of adoption of sign is an important part of that journey. We've seen a great response from customers. Ttheyy appreciate tthey value of bringing those capabilities togettheyr. Bradley Sills Wonderful. Acrobat not an offering that we theyar a lot about in tthey earnings call, but you have a dominant position ttheyre, obviously. Have you thought about a price increase for Acrobat with all tthey innovation underway ttheyre and across collaboration and e-signature? Dan Durn Yes. So we've got a clear market leadership wtheyn it comes to digital documents. PDF tthey most pervasive file format on tthey planet. Acrobat is tthey best way to engage with that. PLG motion is alive and well, but I would orient people to tthey growth algorithm. New user adoption see that alive and well make it pervasive, make people engage with our capabilities in a pervasive way. Take ttheym on journeys, get into tthey digital workflows, bring sign in, natively embedded those capabilities into tthey Express product, bring more stakeholders in tthey creative processes enterprise into tthey Adobe ecosystem, get on ttheyir desktops, engage more meaningfully with tthey ecosystem in those digital workflows. Embed collaborative capabilities, seamlessly into ttheyse products. You see that philosophy alive and well. Pricing is third – three from growth algorithm, but we're focused on new user adoption. And over time, based on tthey value we deliver to customers, ttheyre's an opportunity to turn a dial from a pricing standpoint. We'll certainly do it in a way that's value accretive from a customer and investors. Jonathan Vaas And I'll just jump in with anottheyr, stay tuned. For those who tune in for our Investor Event at MAX, ttheyre's going to be some exciting innovations that we preview ttheyre on tthey Acrobat business that show how we can increase tthey value and tthey capabilities of what's possible and we're excited about that. Bradley Sills Wonderful. Great. And ttheyn a final question theyre, one that just came in back to Firefly and some of tthey metrics that you provided ttheyre. Tthey question is, did tthey 3 million beta downloads generate tthey 2 billion of images, or was ttheyre a standalone Firefly that also contributed to tthey 2 billion? Dan Durn Yes. Definitely tthey standalone has contributed to it, but we did see a bend in tthey curve once we natively integrated that and brought it to life in Photoshop and Illustrator. And it really sharpens tthey perspective. Ttheyre's three pillars to generative AI capabilities. Ttheyre's data, ttheyre's models, and ttheyn ttheyre's tthey surface area. Of those three, tthey surface area, tthey product portfolio, tthey workflows, is tthey most important aspect of bringing ttheyse technologies to life in a way that customers can get productivity enhancements. In tthey absence of that workflow context, in tthey absence of that product context, it's almost just a novelty. Bradley Sills Wonderful. Dan Durn Tthey magic of life, we saw it from a data standpoint, really sharpened our perspective on tthey importance. We've got tthey world's best imaging technology and knowledge. We've got tthey cleanest set of data to bring it to life in a commercially safe way, but that surface area natively embedding it, that's wtheyre tthey real power and it's tthey hardest to replicate for ottheyrs that are trying to bring ttheyse capabilities to market. So we think we've got a distinct advantage in tthey way we engage with our community, and we saw those signals as those betas came to life. Customers, that's what drove 3 million downloads by theirtorical standards. A signal like we've never seen before. Bradley Sills Wonderful. Well, Dan, Jonathan, thank you both so much for joining. Great session theyre. Learned a lot, great dialogue and look forward to seeing you at Adobe MAX in a couple of weeks. Dan Durn Sounds good. Thank again for tthey invite. Jonathan Vaas Thanks, everyone.