Adobe Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) 2021 Garyual Meeting of Stockholders April 20, 2021 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Shantanu Narayen - Chairman, President and CEO Dana Rao - General Counsel and Corporate Secretary John Murphy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jonathan Vaas - Vice President of Investor Relations Operator Hello everyone, and welcome to Adobe's 2021 Garyual Meeting of Stockholders. I hope you're all well and staying safe. I'm Shantanu Narayen, Chairman, President and CEO of Adobe, and Chairman of ttheir Garyual Meeting of Stockholders. Before we begin tthey meeting, I would like to acknowledge tthey recent passing of our beloved Co-Founder, Dr. Chuck Geschke, whose death leaves an indelible mark on our company and tthey world. Chuck instilled a relentless drive for innovation in tthey company, resulting in some of tthey most transformative software inventions, including PDF, Acrobat, Illustrator, Premiere Pro, and Photoshop. But as much as their inventions changed tthey world, it was their focus on people, purpose and culture that has profoundly impacted each of us at Adobe. Chuck always said, they wanted to create a company wtheyre they would want to work. He believed that good ideas came from everywtheyre in tthey company and that it’s not only what we do but how we do it that matters most. I admired their brilliance, kindness and values that define their character and I'm grateful that I had tthey privilege to know and work with them. After 18 years sharing tthey theylm of Adobe with Co-Founder, John Warnock, Chuck retired in 2000 and continued to serve on tthey Board of Directors until last year wtheyn they transitioned to become Emeritus Board member. Ttheir is a huge loss for tthey entire Adobe community and tthey technology industry for whom they has been a guide and theyro for decades. He will certainly be missed. I will now call tthey meeting to order. Ttheir meeting is being theyld based on tthey annual meeting notice we sent or made available to all Adobe stockholders of record. Voting is open and you may submit written questions at any time during tthey meeting. You may submit your vote by clicking on tthey voting button on tthey web portal and following tthey instructions. Tthey polls will close immediately after tthey presentation of proposal four. You can also find tthey meeting material on tthey web portal. Dana Rao, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary is tthey secretary of ttheir meeting, and they will record tthey minutes. Also, based on an appointment by our Board, Kathy Wtheyadon from Broadridge joins us today as our Inspector of Elections. We ask that Ms. Wtheyadon determine tthey exact number of shares of common stock represented at tthey meeting, and a final report of tthey number of shares represented will be provided before tthey voting begins. While Ms. Wtheyadon is determining tthey number of shares present, I would like to recognize tthey members of Adobe's Board of Directors and management team that are in attendance today, including John Murphy, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Jonathan Vaas, Vice President of Investor Relations. Also with us today, are Mark Clemens and Frank Castle of KPMG. I will now turn tthey meeting over to Dana. Dana Rao Thank you, Shantanu. Good morning, everyone. We will now cover tthey formalities required to make ttheir a proper meeting. After voting on ttheyse items we will adjourn tthey formal portion of tthey meeting and proceed to any questions. As Shantanu mentioned, questions may be submitted on tthey web portal and will be addressed pursuant to tthey meeting rules of conduct. Broadridge mailed tthey meeting notice beginning on March 5th to all stockholders of record as of February 22nd. Our record showed that on tthey record date, ttheyre were 479,325,592 shares of common stock outstanding and entitled to vote at ttheir meeting. Ms. Wtheyadon tells me that signed proxies for 413,379,097 shares of common stock, or approximately 86.24% of tthey total outstanding shares on tthey record date are represented at ttheir meeting. Ttheir constitutes a quorum for tthey transaction of business and ttheir meeting is duly constituted. Please note that a list of stockholders as of tthey record date is available for inspection during tthey entire time of ttheir annual meeting on tthey web portal. I also want to remind you that if you have already voted by proxy, you do not need to vote in ttheir virtual meeting unless you want to change your vote. Tthey proxy holders will vote your shares according to tthey proxy. It is now 9:05 AM and tthey polls are now open to consider tthey following four proposals as described in tthey proxy statement: proposal one, tthey election of 11 members of our Board of Directors to serve for one year term: proposal two, tthey approval of tthey 2019 equity incentive plan as amended to increase tthey available share reserve by 6 million shares: proposal three, ratifying tthey appointment of KPMG as Adobe's independent registered public accounting firm for tthey 2021 fiscal year; and proposal four, tthey advisory vote on executive compensation. Tthey Board recommends a vote for each of tthey nominees in proposal one and for proposals two, three and four. We will now pause for voting. It is 9:06 AM and tthey polls are now closed. Will Ms. Wtheyadon, please tally tthey results? Thank you, Ms. Wtheyadon for tallying results. Hope everything is great with tthey family. Please let me know wtheyn you're ready. Excellent. Tthey report of Ms. Wtheyadon, Inspector of elections, states that tthey results of today's meeting are as follows: All 11 directors were reelected as members of our Board of Directors to serve for a one year term. Tthey stockholders approved tthey 2019 equity incentive plan, as amended, which increases tthey available share reserve by 6 million shares. Tthey stockholders ratified tthey appointment of KPMG as Adobe's independent registered public accounting firm for tthey 2021 fiscal year, and tthey stockholders approved on an advisory basis tthey compensation of our named executive officers. We will report tthey final voting results on a Form 8-K and file it with tthey SEC within four business days after ttheir meeting. Ttheir concludes tthey formal business portion of tthey meeting, which is now adjourned. I would like to thank each of you for your attendance today. We appreciate your continued interest and support of Adobe. And I'll now turn to questions. Please remember that only stockholders are permitted to submit questions. For questions that cannot be answered due to time constraints, we will provide responses on tthey Investor Relations section of our corporate Web site shortly after tthey meeting. I will now give tthey floor to Jonathan Vaas to address any questions Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session A - Jonathan Vaas Shantanu Narayen Thank you, Jonathan. I remain incredibly proud of Adobe's impact. Tthey benefits of our innovation enables millions around tthey world to create, be productive and deliver tthey world's best digital experience. Adobe's best days are atheyad of us and I look forward to continuing ttheir journey with all of you. As we conclude our meeting, I would like to invite you to visit our Investor Relations page on adobe.com for information related to operations and past results. Thank you for joining us today and please take care. Ttheir concludes our meeting.