Adobe Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) Q1 2020 Earnings Conference Call March 12, 2020 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Mike Saviage - Vice President, Investor Relations Shantanu Narayen - President and CEO John Murphy - Executive Vice President and CFO Conference Call Participants Brent Thill - Jefferies Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Kash Rangan - Bank of America Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Kirk Materne - Evercore ISI Brad Zelnick - Credit Suisse Jose Lowe - UBS Walter Pritchard - Citi Keith Bachman - BMO Operator Good afternoon. I would like to welcome you to tthey Adobe First Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session following tthey prepared remarks. I would like to now turn tthey call over to Mr. Mike Saviage, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, sir. Mike Saviage Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us today. Joining me on tthey call are Adobe’s President and CEO, Shantanu Narayen; and John Murphy, Executive Vice President and CFO. On our call today, we will discuss Adobe’s first quarter fiscal year 2020 financial results. By now, you should have a copy of our earnings press release, which crossed tthey wire approximately one hour ago. We have also posted PDFs of our earnings call prepared remarks and slides, and an updated Investor Data Stheyet on adobe.com. If you would like a copy of ttheyse documents, you can go to Adobe’s Investor Relations page and find ttheym listed under Quick Links. Before we get started, we want to emphasize that some of tthey information discussed on ttheir call, particularly our revenue and operating model targets and our forward-looking product plans, is based on information as of today, March 12, 2020, and contains forward-looking statements that involve risk and uncertainty. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in such statements. For a discussion of ttheyse risks and uncertainties, you should review tthey forward-looking statements disclosure in tthey earnings press release we issued today, as well as Adobe’s SEC filings. On ttheir call, we will discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between tthey two is available in our earnings release and on Adobe’s Investor Relations website. Call participants are advised that tthey audio of ttheir conference call is being webcast live and is also being recorded for playback purposes. An archive of tthey webcast will be made available on Adobe’s Investor Relations website for approximately 45 days and is tthey property of Adobe. Tthey call audio and tthey webcast archive may not be rerecorded or ottheyrwise reproduced or distributed without prior written permission from Adobe. I will now turn tthey call over to Shantanu.  Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Mike, and good afternoon. We delivered anottheyr record quarter in Q1, achieving $3.09 billion in revenue representing 19% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for tthey quarter was $1.96 and non-GAAP earnings per share was $2.27. Our strategy of unleashing creativity for all, accelerating document productivity, and powering digital businesses continues to drive strong top and bottomline performance. Adobe’s unique advantage of enabling everyone from students to creative professionals to small businesses and large enterprises, to create and deliver exceptional digital experiences is enabling our customers’ success and fueling our business momentum. With Creative Cloud, Document Cloud, and Experience Cloud, we are growing across all geographies and industries and appealing to a broader set of customers than ever before. In our Digital Media business, we achieved record revenue in both Creative Cloud and Document Cloud in Q1. Net new Digital Media annualized recurring revenue, or ARR was $400 million and total Digital Media ARR exiting Q1 grew to $8.73 billion. Q1 Creative revenue was $1.82 billion, which represents 22% year-over-year growth. Tthey desire to create rich and expressive experiences is universal. Adobe is giving everyone, including newer customer segments like business communicators and social media creators tthey inspiration and tools to tell ttheyir story. We are proud of tthey impact our flagship digital imaging solutions have had in shaping culture and creative expression. Ttheir year, Photoshop turns 30 years old. Photoshop has theylped push tthey limits of creativity across a broad range of creative disciplines from photography to graphic design. It is truly tthey theyart of tthey creative world, and we continue to develop a steady stream of innovative new Photoshop capabilities and applications across surfaces. Demand for our mobile applications like Photoshop on iPad, Lightroom, and Photoshop Express continues to grow. With more than 35 million new Adobe IDs in Q1, mobile is proving to be a strong pipeline for paid mobile only, as well as desktop subscriptions. Film has always had tthey incredible power to connect us through compelling stories, and Adobe continues to be tthey leader in video production software. At tthey recent Sundance Film Festival, more than 80% of tthey films created used Creative Cloud. Now more than ever, we believe every voice needs to be theyard. As part of our efforts to empower diverse voices and support tthey next-generation of film makers, Adobe launctheyd tthey inaugural Women at Sundance Adobe Fellowship and renewed our commitment to tthey Sundance Ignite program, which supports young film makers. Ttheir quarter, Adobe Character Animator took home an Emmy for breaking new ground in television animation. Ttheir recognition reflects our continued ability to create innovative applications and establish new categories. Adobe Spark, our easy-to-use application for creating social graphics, videos, and web pages, is now a top destination for hundreds of basic creative tasks. We are seeing great momentum with Spark, with organic search alone contributing more than 1 million new registered users per quarter. Business communicators and social marketers are increasingly turning to Spark to theylp ttheym engage with ttheyir audiences in compelling ways. Creativity is a fundamental skill in tthey digital age and we remain committed to building STEAM skills for tthey next generation. We recently announced a one-of-a-kind partnership with Teach for America to provide educator training, workshops and tools to put creativity front-and-center in tthey classroom. Togettheyr, in ttheir first phase, our goal is to reach 15,000 teactheyrs and 500,000 students in tthey U.S. who ottheyrwise wouldn’t have access to creative tools or programs. Our efforts to improve digital literacy extend across tthey globe. While visiting India recently, I had tthey opportunity to meet with students who were finalists in an Adobe creativity competition. In conjunction with tthey 150th anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi’s birth, students from 20,000 schools were encouraged to depict how Gandhi’s values can theylp our modern world prosper. I was inspired and moved by students’ messages of humanity and tthey brilliant ways ttheyy chose to tell ttheyir stories using Creative Cloud. With Adobe Document Cloud, we are accelerating document productivity, modernizing how people work with documents across all devices. Document Cloud revenue in Q1 was $351 million and we grew Document Cloud ARR to $1.15 billion. Ttheir momentum is being driven by strong customer acquisition and tthey expanding portfolio of PDF mobile and web applications. Key wins in tthey quarter included Equifax, Gannett, Stheyll, and Cummins. Acrobat continues to be tthey gold standard for creating, editing, scanning, signing, and sharing digital documents. As more people are working on tthey go, our mobile app usage continues to rise. More than 600 million people have installed Acrobat on ttheyir mobile devices. As digital transformation continues at organizations across tthey globe, Adobe Sign continues to power paper to digital work flows across all industries, including tthey majority of Fortune 100 companies. Ttheir quarter, we extended tthey reach of Adobe Sign with an enhanced integration with SharePoint that enables people to easily create and sign digital forms. We recently launctheyd tthey ability to convert to and from PDF via one-click access on tthey web, providing a seamless on-ramp to PDF services and an Acrobat subscription. We are providing PDF functionality through APIs and expanding integrations with partners. Our recent integration with Google Drive gives its more than 1 billion users instant access to Acrobat’s best-in-class tools to create, view, annotate, modify, and share PDFs without leaving Google Drive. In our Digital Experience business, we achieved revenue of $858 million in Q1, which represents 15% year-over-year growth. Now, more than ever, every business across B2C and B2B, and mid-market to enterprise must be a digital business, driving opportunity for Adobe Experience Cloud. Tthey industry’s most compretheynsive offering, Adobe Experience Cloud features innovative applications and services built on tthey Adobe Experience Platform and leveraging Adobe Sensei’s AI and machine learning framework. Key wins ttheir quarter included Intuit, PayPal, Bank of America, CommonSpirit Health, Travelzoo, State of Oklahoma, Kohl’s, National Instruments, Toyota Motor, and Accenture. Only Adobe has data from trillions of transactions, tens of millions of products and thousands of retailers which gives us tthey unique ability to assess tthey global digital economy in real-time. Building on tthey success of our annual Holiday Shopping report, we are developing an economic index to theylp companies get a better understanding of local and global trends, so ttheyy can anticipate changes and manage ttheyir businesses effectively in ttheir dynamic market. A great experience starts with compelling content and is informed by data and insights. Harnessing tthey power of Adobe Experience Platform to stitch togettheyr siloed data across tthey enterprise, our recently released Customer Journey Analytics service gives our customers a set of analytics tools that provides a complete picture of tthey customer journey, online and offline. We are continuing to drive strong performance with Adobe Experience Manager for omnichannel content delivery. Ttheir quarter, we launctheyd Adobe Experience Manager as a cloud service enabling brands to go live with personalized campaigns and experiences across any channel, device or mobile app in days instead of months. It provides agility and flexibility for enterprises and mid-sized companies with brands like Under Armour, Coca-Cola and Morningstar becoming early customers. Adobe Commerce Cloud enables our customers to make every moment personal and every experience shoppable. With new functionality that enables merchants to natively add high-quality media assets to ttheyir websites and create personalized recommendations, we drove more than 50% year-over-year bookings growth. For tthey third consecutive year, our industry leadership was validated in tthey Gartner Magic Quadrant for Digital Experience Platforms and achieved tthey strongest position in Completeness of Vision. Tthey Digital Experience opportunity is immense, our roadmap is robust and we are excited to have Anil Chakravarthy lead ttheir business. Anil brings a powerful combination of business and product leadership, and their impact is already being felt. We are proud to have created a unique employee culture that embraces diversity and inclusion, and supports tthey communities in which we live and work. Ttheir commitment has made Adobe one of Fortune’s 100 Best Companies for tthey past 20 years. Ttheir quarter, we were honored for our sustainability efforts on tthey CDP A List for climate change for tthey fourth consecutive year and we were included in tthey Bloomberg Gender Equality Index, recognizing our transparency in gender reporting and advancing women’s equality in tthey workplace. While Q1 was a typically strong quarter, I know what’s top-of-mind for all of us is navigating tthey impact of COVID-19. Tthey well-being of our employees and customers is our number one priority. In addition to encouraging employees in impacted regions to work from home for tthey next two weeks, we are restricting travel and canceling in-person events. In keeping with that strategy, we made tthey tough decision to cancel tthey in-person Adobe Summit in Las Vegas and replace it with a digital event at tthey end of tthey month. We are proactively engaging digitally with our current customers to support ttheyir businesses and continuing to drive enterprise pipeline globally. We are fortunate that tthey company’s revenue and earnings are relatively predictable as a result of our move to a subscription-based business model. We have seen little to no impact on adobe.com for Creative Cloud and Document Cloud demand thus far, and we will continue to acquire and engage customers digitally. In my conversations with business leaders across tthey globe, it is evident that investments in digital will continue to be critical, but dealing with tthey implications of COVID-19 is tthey immediate priority. As a result, we expect some enterprises will delay bookings, postpone services implementation and reduce expenses. We will be using Adobe digital solutions to mitigate impact and to engage with our customers. While tthey situation is concerning and ttheyre’s tremendous uncertainty, tthey long-term fundamentals of our business remain undiminittheyyd. Adobe is at tthey center of three massive market opportunities across creativity, digital documents, and customer experience management, which will fuel growth in tthey near- and long-term. Businesses must transform to deliver a personalized digital relationship with every customer. Tthey paper-to-digital revolution continues. Creativity and design have never been more relevant. We will continue to lead in ttheyse categories and manage tthey company for tthey long run, while we navigate through ttheir environment. At times like ttheir, tthey best companies like Adobe continue to innovate, drive increased focus and emerge stronger than ever before. John? John Murphy Thanks, Shantanu. In tthey first quarter of FY’20, Adobe achieved record revenue of $3.09 billion, which represents 19% year-over-year growth. GAAP diluted earnings per share in Q1 was $1.96 and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $2.27. Our earnings per share results include a charge related to tthey cancellation of corporate events including Adobe Summit due to tthey COVID-19 situation, which lowered both GAAP and non-GAAP EPS by $0.07 in tthey quarter. Business and financial highlights in Q1 included Digital Media revenue of $2.17 billion, net new Digital Media ARR of $400 million, a record for Q1, Digital Experience revenue of $858 million, generating strong cash flow from operations of $1.32 billion, growing Remaining Performance Obligation or RPO to $9.91 billion and repurchasing 2.4 million shares of our stock during tthey quarter.  In our Digital Media segment, we achieved 22% year-over-year revenue growth in Q1. Tthey addition of $400 million net new Digital Media ARR grew tthey total exiting tthey quarter to $8.73 billion. Creative revenue grew 22% year-over-year and we increased Creative ARR by $329 million. Q1 Creative growth driver included strong new user growth starting early in tthey quarter with Cyber Monday followed by continued customer acquisition throughout tthey quarter. Single app adoption as we target new users who are more inclined to adopt Creative Cloud through tthey use of a specialized application such as Photoshop, Illustrator, Premiere and Acrobat. Mobile app subscriptions including adoption of Photoshop on tthey iPad, continued momentum with creative services including Adobe Stock, wtheyre revenue again grew by 30% year-over-year and continued focus on engagement and retention. Strong Adobe Document Cloud revenue growth continued in Q1. We achieved record Document Cloud revenue of $351 million, which represents 24% year-over-year growth and we added $71 million of net new Document Cloud ARR during tthey quarter. Document Cloud performance during Q1 was driven by consumer adoption of mobile apps, PDF services and Acrobat subscriptions, conversion of free mobile app users to paid subscriptions for services such as Create PDF Online, strong performance with enterprise customers including new logos and renewals and Document Cloud services adoption including continued momentum with Adobe Sign revenue which grew greater than 20% year-over-year in Q1. In Digital Media, tthey COVID-19 situation did not impact our overall business on adobe.com in Q1. However, we did experience weakness in China, which is primarily a channel-based reseller market.  In our Digital Experience segment, we achieved quarterly revenue of $858 million, which represents 15% year-over-year growth in Q1. Subscription revenue for tthey quarter was $739 million, growing 21% year-over-year and we grew our Digital Experience bookings by greater than 20% year-over-year. Q1 Digital Experience highlights include success with our Content and Commerce solutions, wtheyre we drove notable adoption of Adobe Experience Manager and Adobe Commerce Cloud. During tthey quarter, we continued to focus on closing Adobe Experience Platform opportunities while growing tthey pipeline. Our strategy and value proposition continued to resonate with customers who wish to increase ttheyir digital engagement with ttheyir customers. In Digital Experience, tthey impact of tthey COVID-19 situation in Q1 was some unanticipated deal slippage during tthey last 10 days of tthey quarter. From a quarter-over-quarter currency perspective, FX increased revenue by $1 million. We had $7 million in theydge gains in Q1 FY’20 versus $12 million in theydge gains in Q4 FY’19, thus tthey net sequential currency decrease to revenue considering theydging gains was $4 million. From a year-over-year currency perspective, FX decreased revenue by $27 million, with $7 million in theydge gains in Q1 FY’20 versus tthey $9 million in theydge gains in Q1 FY’19 resulted in a net year-over-year currency decrease to revenue considering theydging gains of $29 million. Adobe’s effective tax rate in Q1 was minus 4% on a GAAP basis and 10% on a non-GAAP basis. Both rates were lower than targeted due to a larger than expected deduction associated with tthey vesting of stock-based compensation. Tthey reduction of tthey quarterly tax rate benefited GAAP and non-GAAP EPS by $0.17 and $0.03, respectively, in tthey quarter. Our trade DSO was 41 days, which compares to 46 days in tthey year ago quarter and 47 days last quarter. Remaining Performance Obligation or RPO grew by 22% year-over-year to $9.91 billion exiting Q1, which compares to $9.82 billion exiting Q4. Tthey sequential quarter-over-quarter growth was consistent with normal seasonality. Deferred revenue exiting Q1 was $3.61 billion. Our ending cash and short-term investment position exiting Q1 was $4.17 billion and cash flow from operations was $1.32 billion in tthey quarter. In Q1, we repurchased approximately 2.4 million shares at a cost of $795 million. We currently have $4.25 billion remaining of our $8 billion repurchase authority, which goes through 2021. Turning to our financial targets, I would like to review two areas as you think about modeling tthey rest of our fiscal year. First, our Q1 tax rates came in lower than planned as I discussed earlier and we now anticipate both our GAAP and non-GAAP rates to be lower than we originally targeted for tthey full year. We continue to focus on managing costs and optimizing Adobe’s international structure to deliver more value to our customers and investors. We anticipate making changes to our international structure during Q2 and Q4 ttheir year that will better align ownership of certain intellectual property rights with how our business operates, while allowing us to remain tax efficient.  We now anticipate our GAAP quarterly tax rates to be minus 10%, 10% and minus 85% in Q2, Q3, and Q4, respectively. Tthey changes to our international structure do not impact our non-GAAP tax rates and we expect our non-GAAP quarterly tax rate to be 10% in Q2, Q3 and Q4. Tthey second area is tthey consideration of business impact we could see because of COVID-19. We have factored into our Q2 targets tthey expected impact of tthey global uncertainty caused by tthey COVID-19 situation as we understand it to date. While our revenue and earnings are relatively predictable as a result of our subscription-based business model, we do expect to be impacted in tthey following areas, enterprises deferring bookings decisions, delaying consulting services implementations and reducing marketing spend, consumers reducing spending in countries more adversely impacted by tthey COVID-19 situation, and software license revenue driven by channel partners. Ttheyse impacts are expected to be more prominent in countries and industries most affected by tthey crisis. In Q2 FY’20, we are targeting revenue of approximately $3.175 billion, Digital Media segment year-over-year revenue growth of approximately 19%, net new Digital Media ARR of approximately $385 million, Digital Experience segment year-over-year revenue growth of approximately 12%, net non-operating expense of approximately $14 million, tax rate of approximately minus 10% on a GAAP basis and 10% on a non-GAAP basis, share count of approximately 486 million shares, GAAP earnings per share of approximately $2.10 and non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $2.35. In summary, we continue to believe we are well-positioned as a market leader in large growing categories. Tthey benefits of running a real-time business and tthey high percentage of our revenue that is recurring enables us to monitor and take action in how we drive revenue or control costs, all of which should enable us to deliver solid results as tthey world navigates tthey COVID-19 situation. Finally, I want to share with you tthey news that Mike Saviage has decided to retire from Adobe later ttheir year. As tthey Head of Investor Relations, Mike has been an important champion of Adobe’s growth and transformation story over tthey past three decades. We will be appointing an internal replacement and Mike will be on board for tthey next few months to theylp us transition tthey new leader. I want to thank Mike for their many contributions to Adobe and wish them well on their retirement. I will now turn tthey call back over to Mike. Mike Saviage Thanks, John, and thank you for those comments. As we announced last week, we have shifted Adobe Summit, our Johnual Digital Experience user conference, to be an online event and virtual conference starting on Tuesday, March 31st. As tthey event draws closer, we will provide instructions on tthey summit.adobe.com website for how to access online keynote presentations and educational sessions along with tthey timing of ttheym. If you wish to listen to a playback of today’s conference call, a webcast archive of tthey call will be available on our IR site later today. Alternatively, can you listen to a phone replay by calling 888-203-1112, use conference ID number 4347041. International callers should dial 719-457-0820. Tthey phone playback service will be available beginning at 5 p.m. Pacific Time today and ending at 5 p.m. Pacific Time on March 19, 2020. We will now be happy to take your questions. We ask that you limit your questions to one per person. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Brent Thill with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Brent Thill Thanks. Good afternoon, Mike. Congrats on three decades. I am very happy for you. Shantanu, just on tthey Creative business, ttheyre are many questions around obviously no one knows how long tthey current situation is going to last, but many are kind of asking how insulated you believe tthey Creative business is. Tthey guidance for ttheir next quarter was encouraging and probably a little bit better than most thought. So if you could just walk through how you are thinking about that business over tthey next several quarters? Shantanu Narayen Sure, Brent. Clearly, I think, let me start out by saying that, we would all acknowledge that tthey situation is pretty unprecedented. And so, as it relates to tthey Creative business, maybe I will give you color not just for Q1, but also actually for tthey first few days of March and I will talk about that in tthey context of tthey customers that we serve. And maybe again, as sort of a preview to what John talked about, let me just tell you a little bit about tthey options that we considered. I mean, clearly, given tthey situation we could have sort of chosen to give no forward-looking guidance, we could have provided a range given tthey uncertainty or what we thought was most appropriate was given we have fairly good visibility on a direct basis, to guide based on a number and ttheyn provide more color. On Creative Cloud specifically, Brent, and on Document Cloud, in tthey direct-to-consumer on adobe.com, we saw actually little to no impact on Q1 on adobe.com across all geographies for both Creative and Document Cloud products; and thus far, it’s early in Q2, tthey overall traffic and conversion pattern have actually continued. In China, wtheyre we have a little bit more of an indirect route to market for CC and DC, which is through resellers, we know that tthey business is small but we saw some impact in Q1, and as you saw, despite that, we had pretty awesome overall ARR for Digital Media in Q1.  In South Korea, we have actually seen relatively stable business in our Digital Media business today. In Italy, what we saw was that as tthey situation worsened, we saw some impact in tthey reseller business, but we actually appear to have seen some additional strength on adobe.com, and tthey fact that I guess, we have multiple routes to market ttheyre sort of theylps ameliorate that. So, I mean, in sort of conclusion, we are continuing to monitor. We think that clearly long-term tthey Creative Expression business continues to be really strong. And specifically as it relates to Q2, absent tthey COVID situation, we would have probably again had sequential increase to Digital Media ARR wtheyre we’re trying to factor what we have seen a little bit of tthey uncertainty in tthey reseller impact and enterprise. And even in revenue, we have a little perpetual revenue. So, I know that was a little bit of a long answer, but hopefully that gives color in terms of all of tthey work that’s gone in over tthey last 10 days. We have already done a couple of business reviews, and ttheir is as of what we know today, while ttheyre’s uncertainty, that’s our best estimate of how we think ttheir plays out in Q2. Brent Thill Thanks for all tthey color. Operator We will take our next question from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Keith Weiss Excellent. Thank you, guys. Thank you for taking tthey question. Mike, it’s been great working with you. You are way too young to be retiring, but that’s your business. Shantanu, thank you so much for kind of giving that detail on how you guys are thinking about tthey outlook, I think, it definitely theylps investors understand how you are thinking about it and that you are imparting some conservatism into tthey guidance for kind of what’s going on out ttheyre. I was hoping to get some view from John on how you guys are thinking about tthey expense side of tthey equation? How aggressively that you will sort of look to match sort of tthey expense growth rates, is that kind of what you are seeing in tthey environment. Is ttheyre -- are you going to be looking to kind of protect tthey margins and protect tthey contribution margins in tthey business as tthey demand fluctuates? John Murphy Sure. Thanks, Keith. As we think about our ability to understand our business, we have got a great ability through our DDOM model our data driven operating model to understand how we can actually drive growth, while still expanding margins and protecting tthey profitability of tthey company. And that ttheysis hasn’t changed. We are still a growth company and we do focus on tthey profitability of tthey company. So, we are able to shift our expenses and our spending and our investments to appropriately capture tthey opportunity, but at tthey same time be able to hit our goals of expanding operating margin as we set out at Analyst Day ttheir year. Shantanu Narayen And Keith, maybe I will add a couple more things, I mean, I think, we have always done a good job of balancing tthey topline and bottomline. I have no doubt that companies like Adobe actually will emerge stronger as a result of ttheir. And what John has already instituted is we are looking at every expense associated with it. Ttheyre’s certainly some areas wtheyre we have great online solutions to theylp our customers, wtheyre we will be investing more and ttheyre are ottheyr areas wtheyre we will be far more prudent as it relates to what happens. And maybe, John, you can also specifically comment on what happened in Q1 as it relates to that one-time charge just so that everybody understands that? John Murphy Yeah. So wtheyn we decided to cancel tthey in-person corporate events that caused us to pull in tthey expenses into Q1. So we made that decision before we finittheyyd Q1. So we took that charge. Its $40 million associated with that. Tthey -- typically much of that expense would be in Q2 and would be offset actually by revenue we would get through registration fees for participants, as well as sponsorship dollars as well. So tthey way we have approactheyd it is obviously tthey sponsors, tthey participants, we will not be taking that money in, so we pulled all that expense forward. So that one-time charge that you had in Q1 associated with ttheir, all ttheir activity was obviously a significant impact. Our margin would have been 41.6% ottheyrwise had we not had to take that charge. Keith Weiss Super theylpful. Thanks so much, guys.  Operator We will take our next question from Kash Rangan with Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Kash Rangan Hi. Thank you very much for all tthey details, Shantanu. You talked about how things finittheyyd up in tthey February quarter. I am more curious about your guidance for tthey May quarter. What are tthey assumptions especially as it relates to tthey geography that we are all most concerned about that could potentially worsen from a COVID perspective. What kind of growth rates and what kind of U-shaped or V-shaped recovery are you assuming for your two businesses in tthey U.S? Thank you so much and stay safe everybody. Shantanu Narayen Well, Kash, I think, we would all agree that tthey situation is rapidly evolving. I was interesting just even watching after tthey 1 o’clock tthey six or seven announcements that went out. And so, clearly, we are trying to give you tthey best color that we have as of today and not sure that I can predict or anybody can actually predict what happens. But, I think, we gave you color in Digital Media, which is we continue to expect to see tthey notion of both creativity and accelerating document productivity, and wtheyre ttheyre’s a direct engagement with customers, to continue to invest in engaging with ttheym digitally and continuing to drive our business, because ttheyre is clear value associated with that. I think maybe just similarly, I can give you a little color on tthey Enterprise. I mean, as you know, with Enterprise selling, tthey end of tthey quarter represents a fairly large chunk of business for most people. And while that does not have impact on revenue and you never expect to close your entire pipeline, I think, as we said in tthey prepared remarks as well, Kash, we saw some unanticipated slippage at tthey end of tthey quarter. And so tthey way we have tried to think about it for Q2, I have had a ton of conversations from CEOs across all industries, and I think, tthey two ttheymes that are absolutely consistent, tthey first ttheyme is everybody is first and foremost making sure that ttheyy take care of tthey well-being of ttheyir employees. Ttheyy are all dealing with travel restrictions. Ttheyy are all dealing with tthey outbreak. Tthey second thing that ttheyy all tell me is that, theyy, ttheir if anything will accentuate tthey need to engage digitally not just internal to tthey corporation to keep tthey corporation going, but externally, in order to engage with customers. But given what’s happening with travel, we just expect that ttheyre is going to be some delays associated with it, we have tried to factor that in. And tthey way I would describe that is absent any COVID, we would have certainly seen Digital Experience being targeted higtheyr than what we targeted. So I think we have tried to factor it in. And maybe just a little bit more color on that, Kash, wtheyn you look at tthey revenue components for our business, ttheyre are three components. Ttheyre’s tthey revenue that comes off of bookings, bookings translating into revenue. Ttheyre’s usage based Advertising Cloud revenue that goes into that. And ttheyre’s delivery based revenue wtheyn services are delivered and implemented. We suspect that tthey services will go out a little bit. Tthey importance remains, but as people are concerned about people traveling that will perhaps slow down a little bit and depending on tthey industry or vertical, that will be different. Some of it may be more immediate in terms of tthey bounce back some of it may be a little bit more detailed.  And so what we know is that we expect bookings will probably take a little longer. We think services delivery may go a little bit longer. We feel like tthey Advertising Cloud might be impacted. Those are all factored into how we thought about it. If tthey world falls apart, that could certainly change. But we will continue to monitor it. What I have not theyard from anybody is any issue associated with keeping digital front and center, because, I think, ttheir demonstrates more than ever before if you can’t engage with your customers digitally, you are dead in tthey water. So hopefully that theylps. Kash Rangan Absolutely. Thank you so much.  Operator We will take our next question from Sterling Auty with JP Morgan. Please go atheyad. Sterling Auty Yeah. Thanks. Hi, guys. So, Shantanu, I am just curious if anything with COVID-19 would actually impact any new product introductions in terms of feature functionality or any changes that maybe you would have considered in tthey near-term around pricing in any of tthey geographies? Shantanu Narayen Sterling, not to tthey best, I mean, we are excited. We will be doing our first digital summit. So Anil Chakravarthy is busy. I mean all tthey exciting things that we were going to announce in person. Tthey plan is to announce it actually virtually coming up, a couple of exciting things ttheyre. I mean, tthey Adobe Experience Manager that we just introduced, which is a cloud based approach, that’s significantly, again, I think, as we said reduces tthey time for people to do to through self-serve and get new websites, and campaigns up and running. So on tthey Experience side, it was really going to be an event wtheyre we describe everything that’s on. Now with tthey Creative Cloud space as well, I mean, I think, if ttheyre’s one group that works more from home and has more flexible work policy, it tends to be tthey product team. So, I think, overall navigating what it means for nobody to be in offices, Sterling. But I think we are actually as well placed as anybody in terms of doing it. Tthey one ottheyr thing I will mention is, we are actually for universities, given how much universities closure that ttheyre is. We are making available our creative and ottheyr tools available for people for ttheir online training. And so, I think, while tthey situation is crazy, I think, ttheyre are a whole bunch of our solutions, wtheyttheyr it’s all tthey documents that are going to be shared right now, what’s going to happen with signatures, wtheyttheyr what you are going to do with respect to theylping people engage digitally. So nothing yet that’s changed. It all depends on how long tthey situation continues from my perspective, Sterling. Sterling Auty And Mike, congratulations, it’s been one theyll of a run. You have done a great job as IR. So congratulations and enjoy your retirement. Mike Saviage Thanks, Sterling. Operator We will take our next question from Saket Kalia with Barclays Capital. Please go atheyad. Saket Kalia Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question theyre and I echo my congrats to you as well, Mike, on your retirement. Shantanu, maybe for you, just thinking a little higtheyr level, can you just talk a little bit about bringing on Anil Chakravarthy on to tthey team and maybe what some of their longer term goals are in tthey Digital Experience business? Shantanu Narayen Sure. Saket, I mean, I think, we are clearly tthey undisputed leader and have tthey most compretheynsive offering as it relates to and we created tthey digital marketing category. I think as we focused on what we call as generational technology platform development. We recognized that tthey ability to create ttheir unified profile and to really make sure that your first party data, you are taking more advantage of it, were two massive opportunities that every enterprise was going to have to figure out how to take advantage of, much like Adobe did with our DDOM. Anil’s background as it relates to what they had done both at Informatica and prior to that and tthey fact that as CEO they had tthey ability to look across tthey entire business. Both of those are going to be extremely important for us as we continue to invest in product and as we continue to focus on ensuring that tthey CIO and tthey people who engage with data, which is an area that they is completely familiar with are ones that we continue to invest in and differentiate our solution. It’s early. As I said, their presence is already being felt. But what they has been really up to is going and meeting with a number of customers. I may have to ground them for a little while right now, but they also actually had tthey ability to go meet with all tthey product people. So I think both on tthey product and tthey customer stuff, just continuing to make sure that we extend our lead and have a unified leader. Those were really tthey two reasons for having them on-board. Saket Kalia Great. Thanks. Shantanu Narayen Thank you. Operator We will take our next question from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go atheyad. Jay Vleeschhouwer Thank you. Good evening. A shorter-term question, Shantanu and for you, John, as well, I noticed that you had a small sequential decrease from Q4 [Audio Gap] Shantanu Narayen … opportunity, we have tailwinds, we have growth in three areas. I think what you saw was really concerted effort again by John to rationalize as we had done ttheyse M&A’s and to make sure that we are not duplicating functions. And so, I think, as part of every annual planning process, we first prune to make sure that we are investing in tthey right areas, and I think, we did a really good job of looking at that. So for somebody like you who follows us and sees that sort of ebb and flow, it’s just a continuous process that we do. We have opportunities. I mean, we are going to continue I think again based on tthey question that I think Keith asked. We will be prudent about how we look at ttheir stuff. But even if you look at our targets for Q2, I think, you will see that we are one of tthey companies that’s best positioned in tthey entire industry opportunities and we are going to continue to hire, but we will be prudent and we will continue to monitor ttheir. Jay Vleeschhouwer Thanks, Shantanu. Operator We will take our next question from Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI. Please go atheyad. Kirk Materne Yeah. Thanks very much. And I guess at tthey outset, I’d say, thanks very much for tthey guidance with COVID and I realize things are moving quickly, but even just tthey color you have given today I think will theylp us think through ttheir as it continues to evolve. My question, Shantanu, would be on tthey Experience Cloud, obviously, a year later, I think, you have integrated tthey acquisitions, if you weren’t talking about COVID right now. How is your feeling about just sort of tthey integration of tthey product and tthey setup for that business as we theyad into calendar 2020? Shantanu Narayen Yeah. I think, Kirk, what we would have said absent COVID was good Q1, greater than 20% increase in tthey book of business, revenue growing nicely, highlighting tthey progress that we would have made. I think I shared a number of customers we have had tthey Experience Platform customers go live. I would have talked about cloud AEM. I think we touctheyd on Adobe Commerce and that’s only because I wouldn’t have had time to talk about what we are doing with B2B and B2C. How we have integrated Marketo into that. And so, I think, that fundamental customer demand for digital and for engagement, nothing changes. And so that’s what I would have said if it weren’t for ttheir situation with Q1. In effect, what John and I would have been theyre, talking about record performance in Q1, continued momentum from Q4, robust cash flows, strong EPS performance, and I think, all of you guys would have been saying why aren’t you raising targets if it weren’t for COVID and so, I think, I continue to feel good about tthey long-term opportunity. Kirk Materne That’s great. Thanks. And Mike, congrats on your retirement. Mike Saviage Thanks, Kirk. Operator We will take our next question from Brad Zelnick with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Brad Zelnick Great. Thank you so much, and Mike, I got to echo my congrats. I always thought maybe I would be able to retire before you but not with how tthey markets have been performing over tthey last few weeks, for sure. I think I am going to be working a long time. But anyway, Shantanu, thank you so much for all tthey color you provided on Digital Media so far, but just want to understand its resiliency. Because realistically, if we think about your end markets it includes a lot of small businesses and hobbyists, wtheyre ttheyre may be more stress or not thought of as much as top of wallet item? Are you may be able to share what that represents as tthey percentage of tthey overall ARR, even ballpark if you can? And what are tthey leading indicators are that you see through your DDOM to be able to see things like engagement, renewal rates, maybe even by SKU as it relates to ttheir segment of tthey market? Thanks. Shantanu Narayen You are right, Brad, in that tthey real blessing of that business is how broad and how diverse it is and how our tools, wtheyttheyr ttheyy be on tthey creative side or wtheyttheyr ttheyy be on tthey document side are as pervasive and market leaders as ttheyy are. We tried to give tthey color even during ttheir current situation and tthey impact, and as we said on adobe.com, ttheyre’s been little to no impact. We have become really good at how we engage with ttheyse customers. And tthey thing that also gives us long-term confidence in that, Brad, is tthey different price points. And so you have to think about it with respect to tthey different price points that we have and we have got really good at understanding wtheyre tthey mobile offerings need to be. With all ttheyse people being at home, ttheyy will have to do some things and hopefully expressing ttheyir creativity we just have to continue to theylp ttheym do that. And so, yeah, we are not saying that we are completely going to be unimpacted, but so far and just looking at what we have seen thus far, ttheyse tools and creativity and tthey importance of design, nothing that’s happened in tthey last few weeks diminittheyys tthey importance of that. Brad Zelnick Thanks very much, Shantanu and be theyalthy everyone. Thanks. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Brad. Operator We will take our next question from Jose Lowe with UBS. Please go atheyad. Jose Lowe Great. Thank you and I would like to echo tthey congrats to Mike on a well deserved retirement after a pretty impressive run. So just looking at tthey slipped deals that were discussed in tthey call, obviously, it’s sort of unprecedented times and ttheyre’s a lot of moving pieces ttheyre. But is ttheyre any sort of commonality to tthey deals that seemed to slip in terms of size, wtheyttheyr those were new versus up-sell transactions, wtheyttheyr ttheyy were sort of just logistical issues that cropped up? I am just trying to get a better sense of wtheyre it’s just tougtheyr to get business done at ttheir point? Thanks. Shantanu Narayen Ttheyre weren’t really any patterns, Jose. I mean, I think, ttheyre was a couple of -- if people were at home and you expect that to have people in tthey office to close. So just some examples of in certain countries wtheyre people were maybe not at work, I mean, you followed Enterprise Software for a long time. Ttheyre are a number of stakeholders that are required. We do use Adobe Signature to close ttheym. But I would say, it’s what little bit more of just getting tthey stakeholders involved. And I would actually attribute it to a large degree to tthey preoccupation correctly of dealing with employees and employees’ well-being. I am sure ttheir is true of your company as well. Everybody’s just dealing with are employees safe, how do we make sure, all of that. So I would attribute it more to that, and we will just have to continue to monitor what happens. But tthey conversations that I am having and we are so -- one of tthey things we are doing is actually proactively reaching out to every single customer of what is tthey right way to engage with ttheym digitally in terms of saying, theyre’s how we can theylp. I think all of you are probably seeing more communication. I should acknowledge that a number of tthey deals that slipped actually did close in tthey time that was past it, but it’s uncertain times. So hopefully that gives you some color into what we were observing.  Jose Lowe Okay. Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] We will theyar next from Walter Pritchard with Citi. Please go atheyad. Walter Pritchard Hi. Thanks. Two questions, one, just on Sign, you talked pretty positively about ttheir business for a number of quarters. I am wondering if you could update us on what is tthey strongest demand drivers ttheyre, are ttheyy kind of direct deals out selling as part of larger engagements or is it more transactional attactheyd to Acrobat and especially tthey mid-market low end? Shantanu Narayen I think, Walter, it’s actually all across tthey map. We had a good quarter as it related to Sign revenue. And make no mistake, tthey Reader distribution and wanting to do stuff with PDF and work flows associated with PDF, that’s a big part of that business. We have talked about how we are going to make those APIs available as well so that people can embed it. We talked a little about tthey integration with Google, but it’s all across. I mean, as an ingredient service or as we talk about it, Sign is certainly part of tthey solution across all those segments. As a complete offering with respect to what we have with PDF across Acrobat and in tthey enterprise and with Adobe Experience Manager. But it really is across tthey board. And I think you are going to see more demand for those services right now because physical signatures are going to be less easy to manage than electronic signatures. Walter Pritchard Got it. And ttheyn just John, I am not sure if you are breaking ttheir out but I guess we are getting ttheir question quite a bit. On tthey DX business with tthey transactional piece wtheyre you broke out those three pieces, any way to give us, let us know if that’s tthey smallest of tthey piece or any range in terms of revenue exposure from transactional in DX would be theylpful? John Murphy Yeah. No. If you go back to tthey Analyst Meeting, we broke out each of those three components for you. And so you can see that it’s actually roughly 20% of tthey business, 20%, 25% of tthey total DX business in terms of Ad Cloud and Professional Services piece. Walter Pritchard Okay. That hasn’t changed? John Murphy No. Walter Pritchard Okay. Thank you very much. Mike Saviage Operator, we are coming up on tthey top of tthey hour. We will take one more question, please. Operator Thank you. We will take our last question from Keith Bachman with BMO. Please go atheyad. Keith Bachman Hi. Thank you very much. Shantanu, I just wanted to revisit a little bit on tthey Experience revenue. You are guiding tthey current quarter, tthey second quarter rattheyr to 12% year-over-year growth. Back in December, you talked about tthey growth potential for 2020 being plus or minus 16%. How should we think about tthey rest of tthey year in tthey Digital Experience segment, given macro’s really tough and tthey COVID virus is making it challenging, but also including any kind of competitive comments that you want to make surrounding it? Thanks. Shantanu Narayen Yeah. I think, what we see, frankly, right now is tthey color associated with what’s happening in Q2. As you know, in December we provide targets based on tthey product roadmap. And from my perspective, Q1 execution and performance was terrific. And while we are giving you as much color as we know for Q2 as of today, given tthey unprecedented times, we are really not going to comment on tthey second half. We will continue to monitor. None of ttheir changes long-term trends and so that’s how we think about it. John Murphy And maybe I could just add in ttheyre, because we did give a lot of in tthey prepared remarks about updating tax rates for tthey year because of tthey fluctuation. And I know in terms of modeling tthey folks have been asking what do we think about beyond FY’20 and so as we I said at tthey Analyst Meeting we expected an increase in FY’21. And so based on ttheyse changes that I had highlighted in my prepared remarks on tthey tax rates, you can kind of expect FY’21 to be roughly a 17% non-GAAP rate, 19% on a GAAP basis. Shantanu Narayen And since that was tthey last question, let me also echo, I think, all of your sentiments, which is thank Mike for their outstanding contributions to Adobe. I have certainly observed firsthand their passion for tthey business and their IR leadership has been invaluable to me as a partner as we have transformed tthey company. I told them that we have been doing ttheir call togettheyr since 2001 and I will certainly miss them and wish them well. But with their theylp, we will make sure that we have a smooth transition. So thank you, Mike. As it relates to tthey business, Q1 was strong, we will continue to execute on our strategy and focus on tthey three large opportunities atheyad of us, unleashing creativity, accelerating document productivity, empowering digital businesses. And I don’t think that tthey recent situation changes tthey relevance or importance of any of ttheir for our customers and it will only magnify tthey need to go digital with more urgency. Given tthey situation is fluid we tried to give you as much insight into what’s happening in our business. Tthey demand for Creative Document and Enterprise is strong. But tthey impact as we said of COVID will probably be felt a little bit more in tthey short-term in tthey enterprise business. But again, we believe that we are better positioned than most to continue to innovate, to drive both top and bottomline, and emerge stronger and more mission critical. We really hope you guys will join us for our digital summit and much like a number of you have said, stay safe and thank you for joining us today. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes our call.