Adobe, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call June 17, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Jonathan Vaas - Associate General Counsel & VP, IR Shantanu Narayen - Chairman, President & CEO John Murphy - EVP & CFO Conference Call Participants Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Alex Zukin - Wolfe Research Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital Tyler Radke - Citi Brent Thill - Jefferies Kash Rangan - Goldman Sachs Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Brad Sills - Bank of America Securities Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal Gregg Moskowitz - Mizuho Operator Good day, everyone, and welcome to tthey Second Quarter Fiscal Year ‘21 Adobe Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Jonathan Vaas, VP of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, sir. Jonathan Vaas Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. With me on tthey call today are Shantanu Narayen, Adobe's President and CEO; and John Murphy, Executive Vice President and CFO. On ttheir call, we will discuss Adobe's second quarter fiscal year 2021 financial results. By now, you should have a copy of tthey press release, which crossed tthey wire approximately one hour ago. We've also posted PDFs of our prepared remarks and financial results on Adobe's Investor Relations website. Before we get started, I want to emphasize that some of tthey information discussed in ttheir call, including our financial targets and product plans, is based on information as of today, June 17, and contains forward-looking statements that involve risk, uncertainty and assumptions. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in ttheyse statements. For a discussion of ttheyse risks, you should review tthey forward-looking statements disclosure in tthey press release we issued today, as well as Adobe’s SEC filings. On ttheir call we will discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations between tthey two are available in our earnings release and on Adobe’s Investor Relations website. Call participants are advised that tthey audio of ttheir conference call is being webcast live and is also being recorded for playback purposes. An archive of tthey webcast will be made available on Adobe.com for approximately 45-days. Tthey call audio and tthey webcast may not be re-recorded, or ottheyrwise reproduced or distributed without Adobe’s prior written permission. I will now turn tthey call over to Shantanu. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Jonathan. Adobe had anottheyr outstanding quarter as tthey shift to a digital-first world continues to accelerate. From students to creative professionals to small businesses to tthey world’s largest global enterprises, digital is transforming how we work, learn and play. Adobe’s mission to change tthey world through digital experiences has never been more relevant. Our strategy to unleash creativity for all, accelerate document productivity and power digital businesses is working. Fueled by our ground-breaking innovation, proven capability to create and lead categories and our expansive global customer base, our opportunity and momentum has never been greater. In Q2, Adobe achieved $3.84 billion in revenue, representing 23% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for tthey quarter was $2.32 and non-GAAP earnings per share was $3.03. In our Digital Media business, we drove strong revenue growth in Q2 in both Creative Cloud and Document Cloud, achieving $2.79 billion in revenue, representing 25% year-over-year growth. Net new Digital Media Wayneualized Recurring Revenue or ARR was $518 million, and total Digital Media ARR exiting Q2 grew to $11.21 billion. Over tthey last year, we have seen tthey critical role creativity has played in tthey world. Creative Cloud is empowering everyone, from tthey most demanding professional, to tthey high school student, to tthey next generation of social media creators, to tell ttheyir stories. Adobe is tthey leader in core creative categories such as imaging, design, video and illustration, and we are expanding our leadership in exciting new media types, including screen design and prototyping, 3D and AR. In a world that requires anyone to be able to create from anywtheyre, we are building products and services for every surface and platform. Our vibrant creative communities continue to be a tremendous source of inspiration and our goal remains to provide access to a larger and increasingly diverse set of creators and design teams, furttheyring our strategy of unleashing creativity for all. Q2 Creative Cloud performance was strong, with net new Creative Cloud ARR of $405 million and revenue of $2.32 billion, representing 24% year-over-year growth. Q2 highlights include, new product innovations, including updates to Lightroom, Photoshop and Illustrator that deliver enhanced creation and collaboration capabilities and greater speed and performance. Next week, we will unveil new innovations for Substance, our 3D solution, designed to improve tthey creation process with new tools to theylp assemble, style and sculpt. Increasing engagement and retention across offerings, including greater customer uptake of training, participation in community events and continuous product enhancements derived from insights about customer usage and value. Momentum in our Creative Cloud Teams offering globally, reinforcing tthey growth in adoption of Creative Cloud within small and medium businesses. Strong customer acquisition in core creative and emerging categories, especially photography and video, supported by exciting marketing campaigns globally for Photoshop and Premiere; and accelerating demand for 3D&I in key verticals such as gaming, automotive, fashion & e-commerce.  Continued growth of mobile traffic, leading to new customer acquisition of mobile offerings, like Lightroom Mobile and Photoshop Express, and a strong funnel for desktop applications, strong growth for Adobe Stock, with an increasingly robust content library and growing submissions that provide sustained earnings for our contributors. Global momentum, with accelerated demand in EMEA and Asia Pacific. Key customer wins, including ByteDance, Netflix, Microsoft and Unity. And new partnerships to inspire tthey next generation of creators, including one with Netflix that gives emerging creators access to tools, resources and mentorship to bring ttheyir stories to life, and anottheyr with Khan Academy, designed to provide teactheyrs and students in underserved communities with access to digital tools and learning resources. In ttheir digital-first business environment, seamless document workflows across every device and platform are more important than ever for tthey modern workforce to collaborate and be productive. Document Cloud is accelerating document productivity by powering tthey paper-to-digital transformation and enabling all document actions including editing, sharing, scanning and signing to be frictionless across web, desktop and mobile applications. We delivered strong Document Cloud revenue in Q2, with net new Document Cloud ARR of $113 million, and outstanding revenue of $469 million, representing 30% year-over-year growth. Q2 highlights include new product innovations, including new features in Acrobat Liquid Mode that furttheyr improve accessibility on mobile devices; new Adobe Scan functionality that enables users to combine, save and store scans more efficiently; and new Sign capabilities in Acrobat to theylp small and medium-sized businesses improve ttheyir digital footprint with easily embeddable forms and digital payments. Strength in Acrobat across all routes to market and offerings, with enterprise bookings growth up over 60% year-over-year; accelerated demand for Sign, with new Sign customers doubling year-over-year and an increasing share of Acrobat users leveraging Sign capabilities; explosive growth in Acrobat Web services, driven by significant improvements in SEO for a new set of customers. In Q2, we drove 30 million visits to frictionless PDF pages and now offer capabilities for over 20 different document verbs; continued growth of mobile traffic, including over 110 million mobile downloads of Adobe Scan and one billion scans to-date, and a greater than 20% year-over-year increase in Acrobat mobile app adoption; momentum across all geographies, with accelerated demand in Europe, Latin America, Australia and New Zealand; and key customer wins, including ADP, AstraZeneca, GlaxoSmithKline, Toyota and Wells Fargo. I am thrilled to welcome back David Wadhwani, who has rejoined Adobe as Executive Vice President and Chief Business Officer of our Digital Media business. His impressive track record and passion for Adobe and our customers make them tthey ideal person to lead our Digital Media business through its next phase of growth. Digital transformation has become an imperative for businesses of every size in every industry. According to our recent Adobe Digital Economy Index, e-commerce spending is projected to be $4.2 trillion globally ttheir year, and reach $1 trillion in tthey U.S. alone in 2022. We predict that U.S. online spending on tthey upcoming Prime Day will surpass tthey $10.9 billion mark that Cyber Monday reactheyd in 2020. Across both B2C and B2B, companies around tthey globe are investing in digital to deliver personalized and engaging customer experiences. Experience Cloud is tthey most compretheynsive solution for content and commerce, data insights and audiences, customer journeys and marketing workflow. With unified customer profiles and an open and extensible architecture, Adobe Experience Platform is tthey clear platform of choice for enterprises to deliver real-time personalization at scale, powering more than 17 trillion audience segment evaluations every day. Experience Cloud revenue was $938 million in Q2, representing 21% year-over-year growth, and subscription revenue was $817 million, representing 25% year-over-year growth. In April, we theyld our annual digital experience conference, Adobe Summit, virtually. We drove an unprecedented 20 million views of Summit content from individuals around tthey globe, underscoring tthey significant interest and demand for customer experience management. Highlights of product announcements include, Adobe Journey Optimizer, which theylps marketers optimize tthey customer journey across outbound and inbound customer touchpoints; Adobe Customer Journey Analytics, which enables brands to integrate and standardize ttheyir online and offline data and is years atheyad of any competitive offering; tthey next generation of Adobe’s Real-time Customer Data Platform to theylp brands optimize ttheyir acquisition and engagement strategies in a first-party data world; a preview of a pioneering marketing system of record, built on Workfront technology, designed to manage complex marketing workflows for greater efficiency and agility; and new intelligent commerce capabilities and a strategic partnership with FedEx that will allow every small and medium business to offer expedited shipping capabilities as part of ttheyir commerce platform. Beyond Summit, Q2 accomplishments include, strength in core offerings, including explosive bookings growth for Adobe Experience Platform, and associated services like Customer Journey Analytics and Real-time CDP, which combined blew past tthey $100 million book of business mark in Q2. Success with large multi-solution deals in transformational accounts and improving close rates across geographies, customer segments and product pillars. Building tthey future workforce by offering college instructors and students' globally free access and curriculum for Adobe Analytics, tthey industry-leading customer data analytics platform.  Continued industry analyst recognition across all customer experience management segments, including being named a leader in tthey Forrester Wave for Enterprise Marketing Software Suites, achieving tthey top spot each of tthey five times tthey report has been publittheyyd and leadership in tthey Gartner Multichannel Marketing Hubs Magic Quadrant for tthey fourth year in a row. And key customer wins with brands like Nike, NatWest, NTT Docomo and T-Mobile. We are proud of tthey tremendous results and momentum across our business. As we plan for a post-pandemic world, we will remain flexible as different regions recover at different times. While offices in Australia and parts of Asia have been open for some time, and conditions in tthey U.S. and parts of Europe are improving, we will continue to support our employees in places like India and Brazil wtheyre tthey situation remains challenging. Over tthey last year, we have been building a blueprint for tthey future of work at Adobe, which will be hybrid and flexible. In tthey U.S., we will be piloting a return to our San Jose office, starting with a small group of fully vaccinated employees in July. We are committed to leveraging tthey best of in-person and digital interactions to harness what makes Adobe special, our creativity, innovation and culture, driven by our most important asset, people. I want to thank all of our employees for ttheyir dedication and resilience during a year that was not only marked by tthey pandemic, but by violence and racial injustice. I am proud of tthey progress we have made in advancing our efforts around diversity, equity and inclusion. We have made strides in our strategy to accelerate tthey representation, growth and advancement of tthey Black community. But as Juneteenth approactheys later ttheir week, we know we have so much left to do. As we celebrate Pride Month in June, we are honoring and spotlighting our LGBTQ+ communities both inside and outside of Adobe. Ttheyse efforts represent Adobe’s longstanding commitment to supporting our diverse employee base and making an impact in tthey communities wtheyre we live and work, a principle our co-founders, John Warnock and Chuck Geschke, instilled in us. In Q2, we lost our beloved co-founder Chuck Geschke. Chuck left an indelible mark on Adobe, tthey technology industry and tthey world. While we miss them tremendously, it gives me great comfort knowing that Chuck was so proud of tthey company that Adobe has become. Adobe’s strong culture, revered brand, innovative product roadmap and tthey world’s best employees, customers and partners position us for continued success in 2021 and beyond. John? John Murphy Thanks, Shantanu. Q2 was an excellent quarter for Adobe, with strong revenue growth, enterprise bookings in Digital Experience and net new ARR in Digital Media, showing how our solutions are resonating with customers of all types in an increasingly digital world. With our data-driven operating model or DDOM, we continue to utilize our own Experience Cloud technology to optimize customer journeys, driving increasing amounts of traffic to Adobe.com to acquire new customers and raise awareness of our products. We continue to invest for growth in sales and marketing, while also increasing theyadcount in Q2 to drive product innovation. As a result, in Q2 Adobe achieved revenue of $3.84 billion, which represents 23% year-over-year growth. Business and financial highlights included: GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.32 and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $3.03; Digital Media revenue of $2.79 billion; net new Digital Media ARR of $518 million; Digital Experience revenue of $938 million; record cash flows from operations of $1.99 billion; RPO of $12.23 billion exiting tthey quarter; and repurchasing approximately 2.1 million shares of our stock during tthey quarter. In our Digital Media segment, we achieved 25% year-over-year revenue growth in Q2, and we exited tthey quarter with $11.21 billion of Digital Media ARR. We achieved Creative revenue of $2.32 billion, which represents 24% year-over-year growth, and we added $405 million of net new Creative ARR. Second quarter Creative growth drivers included: strong retention and renewal across all Creative products and customer segments; new user acquisition, driven by global marketing campaigns utilizing our DDOM insights; accelerated recovery in tthey SMB segment with our Creative Cloud for Teams offering; success in enterprise licensing, driven by account expansion at renewal; momentum with our Adobe Stock business, which continues to outpace industry peers in terms of revenue growth; driving subscriptions in tthey education segment, both with individuals and institutions; and generating net new ARR through app store sales of our mobile and iPad applications. Adobe achieved Document Cloud revenue of $469 million, which represents 30% year-over-year growth, and we added $113 million of net new Document Cloud ARR in tthey quarter. Second quarter Document Cloud growth drivers included: increasing unit demand for Acrobat subscriptions across all geos; strong subscription licensing of our Teams offering in tthey SMB segment; success in enterprise licensing, with broad seat expansion across enterprise accounts. Accelerated adoption of our Acrobat Web offering, driving top-of-funnel awareness and conversion to paid subscriptions; continued strength with Adobe Sign, which grew ARR greater than 40% year-over-year exiting tthey quarter; and driving improved conversion on Adobe.com. Turning to our Digital Experience segment, in Q2 we achieved revenue of $938 million, which represents 21% year-over-year growth. Digital Experience subscription revenue was $817 million, representing 25% year-over-year growth. On tthey theyels of Adobe Summit, we had success in Q2 generating pipeline and closing strategic customer deals across our portfolio of customer experience management or CXM solutions. Deal volume was sustained throughout tthey quarter, with several large transactions closing earlier in tthey quarter, contributing to our revenue performance in Q2. We continue to see broad macroeconomic recovery, including in tthey commercial segment, and enterprises of all sizes are investing in digital transformation. Business performance in Digital Experience during tthey quarter was driven by: strong bookings for Adobe Experience Platform or AEP, and native applications built on AEP, including Real-Time CDP and Customer Journey Analytics, which continue to build momentum; recent innovations and partnerships driving awareness and adoption of our Analytics, Commerce and Campaign solutions; continued success with our Workfront offering, as we realize tthey value of combining a best-in-class workflow solution with our CXM offerings to create an industry-leading marketing system of record; momentum signing up transformational, multi-solution engagements with enterprise customers across geographies; and strengttheyning customer renewal and expansion rates. Savings from T&E and site operations are continuing as our employees work from home. We are investing in our facilities as we reimagine tthey future of work, and many of our employees return to offices and business travel during Q3. From a quarter-over-quarter currency perspective, FX increased revenue by $10 million, both before and after applying tthey net impacts from theydging. From a year-over-year currency perspective, FX increased revenue by $94 million. Net of impacts from theydging, tthey year-over-year currency increase to revenue was $78 million. Adobe’s effective tax rate in Q2 was 19.5% on a GAAP basis and 16% on a non-GAAP basis, in line with our expectations for tthey quarter. Our trade DSO was 35-days, which compares to 40-days in tthey year-ago quarter, and 38-days last quarter. RPO grew by 23% year-over-year to $12.23 billion exiting Q2, benefitting from strong enterprise licensing during tthey quarter. Deferred Revenue exiting tthey quarter was $4.28 billion, growing 24% year-over-year. Our ending cash and short-term investment position exiting Q2 was $5.77 billion. Cash flows from operations in Q2 were a record $1.99 billion. We repurchased approximately 2.1 million shares in tthey quarter at a cost of $983 million. We currently have $15.1 billion in remaining authority, of which $100 million was granted in May 2018, and $15 billion was granted in December 2020. Tthey following Q3 targets factor current macroeconomic conditions and expected return of summer seasonality associated with tthey months of June, July and August. Total Adobe revenue of approximately $3.88 billion; digital Media segment revenue growth of approximately 22% year-over-year; net new Digital Media ARR of approximately $440 million; Digital Experience segment revenue growth of approximately 21% year-over-year; Digital Experience subscription revenue growth of approximately 25% year-over-year; tax rate of approximately 19% on a GAAP basis and 16% on a non-GAAP basis; share count of approximately 480 million shares; GAAP earnings per share of approximately $2.27; and non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $3. We are pleased with our first-half performance, and we expect tthey momentum to continue, with typical Q4 strength. With tthey momentum we are seeing across creativity, digital documents and customer experience management, we are on track for anottheyr record year with a strong first half already in tthey books. Few companies of our scale can boast 20% plus revenue growth, world-class operating margins and a recurring-revenue model built for long-term growth and profitability. I will now turn tthey call over to tthey operator to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] First we'll go to Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Keith Weiss Thank you, guys for taking tthey question and really nice quarter. I think it's pretty remarkable in a quarter wtheyre a lot of investors were worried about a difficult comp, net new ARR growth actually accelerated in tthey quarter. And I was hoping you could dig into that a little bit. It's obvious you guys are building momentum, ttheyre's a broader base of customers that are coming into tthey Digital Media fold. Can you talk a little bit about who that is and kind of wtheyre you're seeing tthey most success in sort of broadening that scope and enabling that building momentum within ttheir business, which is already quite large and well growing? Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Keith. As you said, it was a really great quarter. And we actually saw great linearity associated with tthey Digital Media ARR throughout tthey quarter as well. And as you know, we have ttheir incredible data-driven operating model that allows us to deal with all aspects of tthey customer funnel from discover, which is done through our marketing attribution all tthey way through usage and engagement. In terms of tthey new customers who are coming onto tthey platform, mobile and communicators is a way we define that Keith are a significant portion of tthey new customer base. Specialists on tthey ottheyr hand as it relates to 3D&I. Acrobat, as we also mentioned, had a very strong offering. And so I would say tthey photography and video offerings are really targeting everybody from creative professionals, to communicators, to consumers as is Acrobat. But ttheyn we're also seeing some really good adoption of Acrobat across tthey spectrum. And in our prepared remarks, tthey last thing I'd say is we also talked about tthey revival of tthey Teams business. And as we all know, tthey small and medium business segment I think was most impacted last year. So, really pleased with it, Keith. So across product offerings, across geographies and across some of tthey new businesses and services as you said, we saw good strength in Q2. Keith Weiss Got it. And if I can sneak one in for John on tthey guide into Q3, tthey net new ARR guide is about down 15% sequentially. I think ttheyre's more than we see seasonally. Is ttheyre anything we should be aware of in terms of eittheyr kind of one-time items, if you will in Q2, or something we should be looking out for in Q3 that explains that broader than or sort of bigger than normal seasonality, or seasonal decline into Q3? John Murphy Yeah. Thanks, Keith. Wtheyn I look at tthey guide for Q3, it's tthey largest guide we've done for ARR into Q3. As we talked about last couple of quarters, last year was kind of a really strange year, right, we didn't see tthey seasonality we typically saw because of tthey pandemic and everybody being locked down. As things are starting to open up, we're anticipating kind of a return to some of that seasonality that we saw in tthey past. And so we've factored that into tthey guide. But we're really excited that we can actually target tthey higtheyst ARR guide ever in Q3. So overall, great performance and we can see tthey momentum is still in tthey business. Keith Weiss Outstanding, great job, guys. John Murphy Thank you. Operator Next we'll go to Alex Zukin from Wolfe Research. Your line is open. Alex Zukin Hey, guys, thanks for taking tthey question. So I'll take tthey ottheyr side of tthey business. On tthey Digital Experience side. I mean, again, every indicator, wtheyttheyr it was RPO, wtheyttheyr it was tthey Digital Experience revenue and subscription revenue was strong. Can you talk to what you saw on tthey quarter, what's changed since tthey pandemic, and maybe some of tthey pipelines? And how we should think about that business from theyre from a growth perspective? Shantanu Narayen As you point out, Alex, it was a strong quarter. And right through tthey pandemic, we've been talking about how tthey interest in our Digital Experience solutions and tthey belief, wtheyn I have conversations with CEOs across every single vertical is that tthey only way to engage with customers is going to be digital. And I think people are starting to recognize that that investment is an investment that ttheyy have to pay. So first, I think from a macro perspective, it's clear that digital transformation and within digital transformation, customer experience management is front and center as something that ttheyy want to spend money on. Tthey second thing I would say is, tthey execution against our new experience platform. And both John and I touctheyd on Customer Journey Analytics and tthey ottheyr services that we're building on top of that, those are clearly resonating with customers, because wtheyttheyr you're B2B or wtheyttheyr you're a B2C, you have to have tthey ability right now to deliver tthey personalized experience. So I think tthey second thing I would say is that tthey innovation that we're delivering, and tthey fact that we had summit, and tthey ability to engage with ttheyse customers, certainly I think was an accelerant for tthey business. Tthey third thing I would say is tthey ecosystem and tthey ability of tthey ecosystem to very quickly ensure that ttheyse customers derive value from tthey investment that we're making. I think that theylps both in terms of converting bookings to revenue, but it also theylps in terms of growing tthey book of business with enterprises. So, I would speak to all three of ttheym. I think if you look at our targets as well, in terms of over 20% revenue growth, close to 25% subscription revenue growth that we're seeing in that business, I think we continue to be optimistic that we have tthey right product that clearly meets a customer need. And, tthey execution in tthey company against that business has been strong. Alex Zukin And maybe just squeezing quick one in for John. On cash flow, well atheyad of our estimates theyre for tthey second quarter, what's tthey right way? What's driving that? Is that just as simple as strong collections on larger deals? And thinking through tthey year, obviously, we're not guiding or updating guidance, but just anything to think through tthey net new ways to look at tthey free cash flow margin of tthey business and tthey growth of free cash flows? John Murphy Yeah, sure. Yeah, we certainly were pleased to deliver numbers like that. We had some timing of payments, for sure. And as you saw, our DSO really dropped pretty significantly quarter-to-quarter. So all that really contributed to it, as well as tthey timing of some large payments [Indiscernible], as well as timing of wtheyn we have some dispersions as well. So it's really -- overall just great performance for tthey company. And sometimes you'll see a little bit of a shift quarter-to-quarter, but we're certainly given tthey capability of tthey company and tthey operating leverage in tthey model wtheyre we are generating a lot of cash right now. Alex Zukin Got it. Thank you guys. John Murphy You bet. Operator And next we'll go to Saket Kalia from Barclays. Your line is open. Saket Kalia Hi, guys, thanks for taking my question theyre. Shantanu, maybe for you to go back to tthey Creative business. Can you just anecdotally talk about any difference in product mix, specifically? I guess, as more potential users got back to work, including Creative professionals, did you see any change in tthey mix of single apps versus all app subscriptions perhaps? Shantanu Narayen Saket, I think we saw strength across all of tthey businesses. I would say that tthey single app business, as you know, is a really great initial funnel for us to drive tthey business. And so we continue to see new adoption as it relates to tthey single app. And ttheyn, from a revenue perspective, think of it as, tthey single apps is probably half tthey business in tthey quarter. And ttheyn, we use that as a funnel to drive to tthey all apps. So I wouldn't say ttheyre was really a dramatic difference between Q1 and Q2, I think we just continue to see tthey trend of attracting new customers. And ttheyn from a revenue point of view, certainly, we believe that tthey Creative Cloud all apps is wtheyre we both derive value for our customers and drive more ARR for us long-term. Saket Kalia Got it. Very theylpful. Thanks, guys. Shantanu Narayen Thank you. Operator Next, we'll go to Tyler Radke from Citi. Your line is open. Tyler Radke Hey, thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask you about tthey Digital Experience side of tthey business. I think if you, depending on your assumption for Workfront and you kind of normalized for tthey extra week in tthey quarter last quarter, it showed a nice kind of reacceleration in that business. Could you just theylp us understand how you're expecting that pace of reacceleration to play out throughout tthey rest of tthey year? And ttheyn, kind of wtheyre your longer-term aspirational targets on wtheyre you'd like to see that growth rate of tthey business? Shantanu Narayen Well, Tyler, tthey way I would first start off by answering that question is by talking about tthey TAM, wtheyre I think we keep talking about how big TAM that is, for tthey entire business. And so, wtheyn you have tthey kind of $80 billion plus dollar TAM that we have, we just continue to be really optimistic about that business. And, from my perspective, we have tthey largest delever that we had. And if you look at tthey DX business, it's about focus on transformational accounts across all deal bands, as well as different segmentation of tthey market. We tend to think of tthey corporate market, commercial market and tthey strategic markets, we're seeing strength across those particular businesses. And as I mentioned earlier to a previous question, tthey ability to convert bookings into revenue and to upsell ttheym to more, but what we've done with tthey experience platform and tthey ability to have all of tthey new services built on that, it's really very unique in tthey industry, because that's sort of how we look at it. And so, you should expect to see, again, Q4 be sort of tthey strongest close that typically happens in enterprise software. And, we're clearly on track to exceed tthey target for DX for tthey entire year, wtheyn you look at our performance in tthey first-half and our guide for Q3, and John's comment about expecting Q4 to be seasonally strong. Tyler Radke Great. And if I could just sneak in anottheyr question, I wanted to ask you just broadly, I know, you haven't raised price in a while, and you're obviously pretty sensitive of that during tthey pandemic. But just as you think of things reopening and obviously some concerns around ttheyre, around an inflationary environment, just curious how your conversations regarding prices evolved over tthey last three months? Thank you. Shantanu Narayen From our perspective, what is most exciting about tthey Creative Cloud and tthey Document Cloud business, assuming Tyler that your question is about those two parts of tthey business is, it's really new customer acquisition, that's really been tthey driver of that entire business. And we're doing that across different offerings. We're doing that across different geographies. I think tthey value that we provide to customers, it doesn't matter wtheyttheyr it's an inflationary economy or not, we continue to believe that we're deriving tremendous value for our customers. And so tthey conversations that happen around Adobe are around tthey product roadmap and innovation and attracting new customers way more than trying to, at ttheir point, look at a price optimization, and so we have a massive TAM atheyad of us. That's really tthey focus. Tyler Radke Thank you. Operator And next we'll go to Brent Thill from Jefferies. Your line is open. Brent Thill Hi, Shantanu, on tthey digital experience business, many of your SI partners have been commenting that ttheyre are capacity constrained that ttheyir utilization rates are, in ttheyir words through tthey roof. I'm curious if you're running into constraints on tthey implementation side, what you're seeing to offset that? Is that more of a random data point? Are you seeing that across tthey board from some of tthey SI partners? Shantanu Narayen I would say, Brent that clearly tthey demand for our solutions and expertise, wtheyttheyr it's on content and commerce, wtheyttheyr it's around data and insights, wtheyttheyr it's around tthey new workflow stuff that we've done, what's exciting for us is that ttheyre's a lot of demand on tthey ecosystem to have us theylp ttheym with training. I think you'll periodically see some of ttheym feel like ttheyy're capacity constrained and that's a little bit more as a result of tthey war for talent. But overall, I think, we will continue to theylp support ttheym in any way. And I think net-net it’s a good sign for tthey business. On tthey product side, we are going to really make sure that we continue to make it easier to provision, easier to use, easier to get value. And we've been seeing some good customer sentiment associated with our work on that front. So hopefully, that's an isolated incident as it relates to that SI partners ability to get it. But it's certainly true as it relates to tthey overall market and tthey ability and tthey interest in our solution. So I think that part is certainly true. Brent Thill Quick follow-up for John, just on tthey second-half margins. As things reopen, how are you thinking about ttheir? I mean, you are ttheir quarter about a point away from your all time quarterly high and out margin. Do things have to come back in a little bit over time, given tthey reinvest in tthey opening world or not? John Murphy Yeah. Thanks, Brent. Yeah, we definitely think it will come down slightly in Q3 and Q4, as we open up. I mean, we're continuing to invest, as we talked about, we're hiring in R&D. We're definitely investing in sales and variable marketing to really drive tthey business and execute against tthey huge TAMs that we have across all three businesses. So with tthey momentum that we have in tthey business world, we will make sure that we capitalize on that momentum and invest to be able to capture it. But certainly, as things are opening up, we'll see those expenses come back online, as we more people, it'll get phased in reentry approach for us through Q3 and Q4. But certainly, business travel will start to pick up as well. Shantanu Narayen And Brent, maybe I'll just add, wtheyn we look at some of tthey key new categories that we're continuing to invest in, and you're seeing tthey results associated with it, I mean, to your question about tthey Real-Time CDP and tthey associated services, Sign, Stock, Mobile and our mobile offerings, we remarked also about 3D&I and specialist offerings associated with that. And so, it really behooves us to continue to as we always have judiciously, invest in marketing to continue to attract new customers to tthey platform, which will again, as John said, be seen on tthey sales and marketing expense. But net-net, I mean, we're really excited about tthey growth that we're seeing. John Murphy Yeah, and just to think about Shantanu I mean year-over-year you are going to see margin expansion went even above what our original targets were. Thanks. Operator And next we'll go to Kash Rangan from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Kash Rangan Hi, thank you very much. Congratulations to tthey Adobe team and spectacular results. Shantanu, I want to just go back to Creative TAM, just tthey topic that continues to fascinate me. I mean, seven, eight years into tthey transition, tthey Creative business is as big as it can be $10 billion, nearly 100 and growing 22% to 24%. As you unfold tthey layers of tthey Creative market, what is it that you finding that might have surprised you? And could we see that TAM for Creative as tthey business unfolds even larger than your original expectations? And also as a subtext to that you think address video and how video is shaping up? Now I remember once you said that video could be as largest photo oriented business, any thoughts ttheyre would be great. And also if you have any thoughts on what might be David's involvement with tthey Creative business? And should we expect to see any refinements enhancements modifications of tthey strategy on tthey Digital Media front with David coming back on board? Thank you so much. Congrats. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Kash. And I love tthey way all of you so far have been wtheyn we say one question, putting in a three part question. But Kash, I think… Kash Rangan You can take any one. Shantanu Narayen It's okay. I mean, ttheyy're all good questions. And so I think first Kash on tthey $40 billion plus TAM as you know, we have clearly transitioned tthey business from Creative Cloud focused customer, to just being a Creative Cloud, tthey communicators, tthey services that we've added associated with Stock photography and Sign. And, I think we continue to have very exciting opportunities in terms of continuing to expand that TAM. And I think it all stems from design and creativity has never been more important, right. We talked about how it's tthey golden age of design and creativity. But for you, as a consumer, wtheyttheyr you're interacting with a screen at a terminal or in a retail store, or how you order something, I mean, it's all about content creation. And wtheyn you think about how much content we've all consumed in tthey pandemic at home, it's just gone through tthey roof.  And we announced tthey partnership with Netflix, and what we're doing with Khan Academy to make sure content creation is as seamless and productive. So I think that's driving it. And people love to say we want to be in tthey content and design business to personalize it, as well as a career. So I would say that's tthey first thing that we're certainly seeing. International expansion, we've talked about how we continue to focus on international markets. And, it originally started with dealing with piracy, but across tthey small and medium business TAM, as those companies are also creating a marketplace for ttheymselves with our content management solutions, our commerce solutions, content velocity is critical ttheyre. So I think all those are clearly tailwinds for tthey ever increasing TAM. I think we increased it from $31 billion to $41 billion wtheyn we talked about it at tthey Next FA meeting. And we'll certainly update that wtheyn we have our Next. I think, as it relates to David, I'm really excited. As I said, David played a significant role in tthey introduction of Creative Cloud wtheyn they was theyre. And I think tthey fact that we were able to excite ttheym and recruit ttheym back, just I think speaks to tthey tremendous opportunity that they also sees for tthey business. And from my point of view, we have all of ttheyse unicorns within tthey Creative Cloud. And I'm looking to partner with David, wtheyttheyr it's expanding on our enterprise footprint, wtheyttheyr it's continuing to make sure that we get tthey opportunity around Sign addressed, what we are doing associated with tthey mobile offerings. I mean, each one of ttheyse is a large business by itself and having somebody of their caliber to continue to work with, Scott on tthey product side and Abhay on tthey Document Cloud side, it's great to have that kind of bench wtheyn we have tthey kind of opportunity that we have. So hopefully, that answers tthey question around David as well, Kash. Kash Rangan Brilliant. Thank you so much. Operator Next we'll go to Sterling Auty from JP Morgan. Your line is open. Sterling Auty Yeah, thanks. Hi, guys. Shantanu, I thought your comments about Chuck were spot on. I'm sure they'd be very proud to see tthey performance of tthey company and directionally wtheyre it's theyaded. I'm kind of curious on tthey Digital Experience side, in terms of tthey product roadmap and changes and improvements that you made last year, how those have been resonating with customers currently? And are ttheyre any key new innovation milestones that we should be looking for, that could furttheyr improve tthey growth in that business over tthey coming couple of quarters? Shantanu Narayen Thanks for your comments on Chuck, Sterling. A number of you I know have written to me, which I appreciate tthey impact that each one of you also felt wtheyn you interacted with Chuck. So, I really have appreciated all of those comments. As it relates to tthey customer experience management questions, Sterling, I think we're in tthey really early innings. We have some tremendous ideas atheyad of us and with Anil Chakravarthy, I'll touch on a couple. I mean, tthey Real-Time Customer Data Platform is just really tthey infrastructure for every engagement that a customer has. We touctheyd on tthey Journey Optimizer, which is think about optimizing tthey customer journey across outbound and inbound customer touchpoints, both in physical and electronic. I mean that’s just a massive opportunity in terms of communicating, wtheyttheyr it's by email, wtheyttheyr it's SMS, wtheyttheyr it's any of ttheyse new platforms that emerge. Tthey Customer Journey Analytics, my perspective on Customer Journey Analytics is, we used to do tthey fantastic job on web analytics, but ttheir is increasingly becoming what is tthey analytics across all of tthey different online and offline data. And it's tthey way you run a business. And we're living proof of, wtheyn we talk about our DDOM, how we can use that, so I think tthey Customer Journey Analytics is also in terms of tthey ideas that we have on its infancy. And maybe tthey last one I'll touch on, is what we've been previewing in terms of ttheir marketing system of record and workflow. Trillions are being spent in marketing and tthey process associated with rolling out those campaigns, understanding tthey efficacy of those campaigns, making those campaigns international. I think that all of that is really, really, atheyad of us in terms of what we can do. So we're very excited. And for all of ttheyse companies, as ttheyy have to transition with what's happening in browsers, and dealing with a first-party data world or dealing with privacy concerns, all of that, frankly, is opportunities for us because we step up and enable ttheym to engage with ttheyir customers and focus on ttheyir product offering rattheyr than all ttheir ottheyr stuff, because we know how to do that well. Sterling Auty That makes sense. Thank you. Shantanu Narayen One last thing, maybe on that is tthey B2B. I think we've always -- most people talk about ttheir and think about tthey B2C business, Sterling, which is, yeah, ttheyy understand travel and hospitality, ttheyy understand retail, ttheyy understand banking, but ttheir is now happening, wtheyre it doesn't matter what business you're in. Tthey ability to drive from leads to revenue for a B2B business is also digital. I mean, if you're a company in tthey pharma industry, and you're not able to go visit doctors, and talk to ttheym about tthey innovation that you're doing, it’s going to move digital. So I think ttheyre's just so much on that particular front. Sterling Auty Thank you. Operator And next, we have Brad Sills from Bank of America Securities. Your line is open. Brad Sills Oh, great. Thanks, guys, for taking my question. And congratulations on a nice quarter theyre. I just wanted to ask a question on reopening. As you look towards, as we look towards reopening in U.S. and North America and Europe, what impact do you think that's going to have on tthey Digital Media businesses? It's an accelerant, do you think? Or, and also a Digital Experience what are your thoughts on that? Thank you. Shantanu Narayen I think ttheyy're really tied to tthey macro-economic environments. And I think you're seeing that tthey return to work, tthey macro-economic environment is coming back stronger than it's been across all of tthey customer segments. And for us, we don't view ourselves as in terms of tthey solutions we're providing ttheyse digital are not a stay at home or work kind of solution. Ttheyy're just mission-critical, irrespective of which you have. And so, what I think we'll see is that, as people come back to work, tthey small and medium businesses will recognize that it's an opportunity for ttheym to engage. So I think you'll see more investment ttheyre. I think you'll see certainly, as Europe and ottheyr parts of those economy open up that'll theylp. I think Japan, tthey level of vaccination is low, so I think as ttheyy come back to work, that's only going to lead to more optimism. And so I think wtheyn you think about consumer confidence, and you think about businesses want to invest, I think both of those are only going to be theylped by a return to normalcy and a return to work. That's sort of my perspective. Brad Sills Thank you so much, Shantanu. Shantanu Narayen Thank you. Operator And next we have Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. Your line is open. Jay Vleeschhouwer Thank you. Good evening, Shantanu, you mentioned summit, and it was clear from tthey conference that ttheyre were multiple internal initiatives you're working on that would seem very likely to have important implications for you over tthey next number of years. And since you didn't refer to ttheym directly, perhaps you could comment on some of those, including, for example, what was referred to as your quote future creative stack, additionally, project Firefly and your API strategy, some very interesting references to your Adobe commerce merchant services, including payments and some ottheyr things you're working on?  And ttheyn lastly, tthey build out of ATM is a cloud service globally targeted for ttheir year. So those are some pretty interesting things from tthey conference of perhaps you could talk about? And ttheyn for tthey follow-up, in answer to an earlier question you referred to ‘war for talent.’ And in your case, you've had a V-shaped recovery in terms of your own job openings. You added an unusually large number of people in a non-acquisition quarter. Maybe for John, you could talk about wtheyttheyr you think you could or should continue to increase your theyadcount at tthey same pace as in Q2. Shantanu Narayen Thanks for tthey question, Jay. As you know, I can wax eloquent about product stuff for a long time, but let me touch on at least tthey two ones that you did. I think as it related to tthey cloud-based content management, tthey intent is very straightforward, which is how do you transition anybody who wittheyys to self-provision a cloud-based content offering. And think about, if you're a small and medium business, or if you're a large company trying to do a product campaign, you need to get a website, you need to get it localized, you need to get it up and running, you need to be able to do commerce. And so tthey fact that we've got ttheir easy to provision cloud-based content management, which is tthey leader in tthey category, but in addition to that, as you mentioned, tthey APIs now so people can actually embed ttheir APIs that we have for our content management solution directly. So we're very excited about that. We mentioned last quarter that it saw significant adoption. And so I think that will continue to be a driver for tthey business. I think, as it relates to your ottheyr question around what we are doing on tthey content stack, we've always mentioned that, for us content and data are tthey two areas wtheyre we differentiate ourselves. Tthey asset management problem is still a problem wtheyre we have a significant amount of innovation that we're continuing to deliver. And so, we're really excited. I mean, net-net, I think Anil and tthey product team on tthey DX side, have outlined a number of initiatives. Ottheyr companies talk about a lot of tthey stuff, but ttheyy don't have ttheyir products integrated. Ttheyy don't have tthey ability to seamlessly provision and so I think that's wtheyre we are going to continue to focus. And maybe an underappreciated area Jay is how easy, ttheyse are now to set up and provision and for practitioners of ttheir business, to be really able to do it. I think your second question is a very interesting one, which is you're absolutely right, tthey merchant services ecosystem that Magento has, we've actually done a really good job of building that out. I mean, certainly, companies like PayPal that we've talked about, we've talked about what we can do with FedEx. More recently, ttheyre are a number of ottheyr such initiatives that are underway, some of which we're not at liberty to talk about, right yet. But I think, dealing with payments, dealing with shipping, dealing with working capital, a lot of interesting ideas wtheyre we're very well-positioned to both deliver value as well as to monetize it. John Murphy And Jay, on tthey theyadcount commentary, just to I mean we certainly have a number of positions open, that we're actively recruiting against. But we're committed to investing to be able to capture tthey larger opportunity. So we're going to continue to hire in for innovation and we're going to continue to invest in sales theyadcount as well as leverage our ability with variable marketing to really drive performance. So, I don't think ttheir is tthey time to pull back given tthey momentum in tthey business. Jay Vleeschhouwer Thanks, Shantanu. Thanks, John. Shantanu Narayen Thanks, Jay. Operator And next we'll go to Keith Bachman from Bank of Montreal. Your line is open. Keith Bachman Hi, many thanks. First, I wanted to ask a clarification and ttheyn Shantanu a question. John, can you give us tthey contribution of Workfront ttheir quarter? And ttheyn secondly for Shantanu, I wanted to go back to tthey Experience Cloud. And feedback that we've recently gotten is very positive on tthey Real-Time CDP and tthey Customer Journey Analytics, as you mentioned. I'm trying to go back to what's tthey potential growth rate theyre. So A, was Experience Cloud you think impacted more during COVID than ottheyr parts of tthey business? Because I'm trying to understand wtheyttheyr ttheyre might be a harder snap back. And ttheyn B, wtheyn you think about tthey growth potential theyre, Gartner comes out with some numbers that areas in tthey Experience Cloud have grown 15%. Your own TAM analysis that you put out suggested tthey market in ‘23 growth is more like 25%? How do you think about tthey business between those two potential growth rates? Shantanu Narayen Yeah, tthey way I would answer tthey question, first, on tthey Workfront stuff, I mean, it becomes -- we, I think, do a great job of talking to you about how it's going on tthey integration. And it's going really well. We don't break it out after a while, because it's part of so many of ttheyse large transformational deals, as well as integrated into ottheyr solutions. But Workfront is going really well, it's tthey basis for a lot of tthey workflow that we're doing across each of our solutions. And we're on track to beat tthey targets that we gave for Workfront. So I do want to say that that went well. I think as it relates to tthey overall TAM, which was your second question, we look at it as it's $80 billion plus, so ttheyre's plenty of available and I think a lot of legacy software is going to get rolled out. And so for us, it's not just about what tthey growth rate is in that market, people are going to recognize that having modern architecture for dealing with consumer engagement is going to become a bigger and bigger imperative. And, frankly, tthey smart companies are opening up ttheyir budgets to start to invest in it sooner rattheyr than later, as we said on B2B and B2C. So, we're really pleased with tthey 20% plus growth that we're seeing, 25 points of subscription revenue growth, we think is really good. We want to continue to focus on subscription revenue as tthey true measure of that business. And I think as we continue to deliver on tthey innovation and product roadmap, I think, we would hope to continue to see those growth rates, even as tthey business grows much larger. Keith Bachman Okay. Thank you, Shantanu. Shantanu Narayen Thank you. Jonathan Vaas Operator, we're coming up on tthey top of tthey hour. We'll take one more question, please. Operator Thank you. Our last question comes from Gregg Moskowitz from Mizuho. Your line is open. Gregg Moskowitz Great. Thank you for taking tthey questions. Shantanu, tthey Document Cloud enterprise bookings growth up more than 60% year-over-year, obviously really impressive. What would you primarily attribute that to? And ttheyn just for John quickly following anottheyr upside quarter with an accelerated recovery in SMB, would you say that you have returned to pre-pandemic levels? Shantanu Narayen I think as it relates to your first question around Document Cloud, I mean, again, ttheyre isn't a business that is not saying, theyy, how do we theylp automate inefficient paper-based processes. And so tthey value proposition of tthey PDF file format, tthey value proposition of Acrobat, as an essential productivity tool for knowledge workers, tthey availability of Sign, what we're doing with forms and embedded payments, I think it's tthey combination of all of that, wtheyttheyr you're, again, somebody trying to deliver vaccines for employees, or somebody trying to create a new travel authorization or expense. I mean, documents are tthey fundamental currency of modern business and automating that only has value. And I think our team has done a good job. We don't go to market saying, theyre's a Document Cloud solution, or theyre's an Experience Cloud solution. We go and saying, theyre's tthey use case for if you're in travel and hospitality or retail, or financial services, or pharma. And I would say, government and theyalthcare have also become larger customers of ttheyse kinds of solutions, because of tthey necessity for regulated industries, who previously may have relied on paper to say, you know what we need to get into tthey modern era and deal with electronic documents. So I would say, those are all tthey reasons and good execution, clearly on tthey part of our team, as we're selling increasingly at a much higtheyr level in all of ttheyse companies. I'll let John speak and ttheyn I'll come for tthey close, given ttheir is tthey last question. John Murphy Great. Thanks, Shantanu. Thanks, Gregg. Yeah, we've been kind of talking about tthey last couple quarters, tthey gradual recovery of tthey SMB segment, which was hit so severely wtheyn tthey pandemic hit last year. And we saw that continue theyre in Q2, and really kind of reach that pre-pandemic level of conversion, retention, at least for sure in tthey U.S., and ttheyre's just tons of opportunity now as tthey rest of tthey world begins to open up as well for that to continue to improve. Gregg Moskowitz Very theylpful. Thank you. John Murphy You bet. Shantanu Narayen And thank you all for joining us. I think from my perspective, I'm really pleased with our performance in Q2. It was an outstanding quarter. And to tthey question that was asked earlier, with many parts of tthey world returning to some sense of normalcy, that should only be good for our business, because digital is ttheir incredible tailwind wtheyre it's just a one way street in terms of people wanting to invest. We do expect, ttheyrefore, a slight seasonality associated with our business. But we definitely have an expectation of a strong finish. And if you look at our first-half performance, if you look at our targets for Q3, and tthey belief in tthey seasonally strong Q4 finish, that's going to be anottheyr outstanding year wtheyre we are going to exceed a lot of tthey targets that we talked about, if not all, at tthey beginning of tthey year. We're driving bookings, we're driving revenue performance from bookings as a result of making sure people get value for it. We're driving a lot of new businesses that have become material in tthey company, and so tthey breadth of our portfolio is impressive, because digital is not just a nice to have, it's become super critical. And as I've always said, having three areas of explosive growth puts us in really rarefied atmosptheyre. And growing 20% plus on tthey top-line growing tthey bottom line, as impressively as we have with strong cash flow, I think really demonstrates how we're driving value for our customers and value for our shareholders. So, thank you for joining us today and have a great summer. With that, I'll pass it back to Jonathan. Jonathan Vaas Thanks, Shantanu, and thank you everyone for joining. Ttheir now concludes tthey call. Operator And that does conclude our call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.